
###chapter 1
********
One night. One mistake. A life unraveling.
When Tapiwa wakes beside a stranger, she flees—only to discover he’s her boyfriend’s brother, CEO Jadon Paterson. Their forgotten night ignites obsession: Asher hunts her with roses and rage, while a blackmailer dangles explicit photos over Jadon’s empire. As attempted murder crashes into their chaos, Tapiwa and Jadon must confront a burning truth: Was their passion poison... or salvation? Trapped between a brother’s vengeance and a killer’s shadow, they race to expose a plot that could destroy everything.
The deeper the secret, the deadlier the price.
********

There was a naked man in bed with her. Tapiwa blinked and then blinked again as though that would change the scene in front of her. But no. It remained the same horrifying scene. There was an unfamiliar man, completely naked in her bed. No, wait. It wasn't her bed. 

Ten minutes before, when the ray of sunshine fell across Tapiwa's face, she hadn't thought anything of it except the irritation of being woken up early on her day off. Irritated, she had kept her eyes tightly shut, threw an arm over her face, and mumbled something unintelligible before she rolled over to her side.

Just five more minutes, she thought and willed her brain to shut down again. But her brain was awake and firing all sorts of information about her body. God, she felt terrible, as though she was coming down with a vicious cold. She could have sworn part of her felt too warm while goosebumps from a chill pebbled the rest of her body. 

To add to her puzzle, the shift of her body away from the warm sun on her face made her aware of aches in her body that she couldn't comprehend. Maybe she was really getting sick. That would just be her luck. Either way, more sleep looked like the best option. 

Unfortunately, her bladder had other ideas. The damn organ felt as though it was about to burst. Great. With a groan of frustration, Tapiwa flung her arm off her face and opened her eyes, intent on just jumping out of bed and getting it done. And then maybe she could shut her eyes for five more minutes. 

She got as far as sitting up. That's when she realized she should have paid more attention to how her body felt. She should have also remembered that her bed never got direct sunlight, even when she left the curtains open. 

In conclusion, she wasn't in her bed. She wasn't even in her bedroom. Tapiwa's room had more color and personal touches all around. What she could see through her squinted, pained eyes told her the room was as plain and impersonal as a cheap hotel room. Then she saw the naked man softly snoring on the other side of the unfamiliar bed.

Tapiwa forgot how her vision swam, and her head pounded. She forgot her full bladder. Swallowing back a scream just in time, she stumbled off the bed with such uncoordinated haste that she ended up on the cold, tiled floor. A gasp escaped her lips when another piece of the puzzle dropped. She was also naked. The reality of that slammed into her like a punch to the gut.

"No," she whispered, her throat dry and scratchy. Damn it! She hadn't been that stupid, had she? Tapiwa closed her eyes and felt the burn of tears welling up behind her closed lids. Apparently, she had. Shit! But how had she ended up in bed with a perfect stranger? And where was she?

For a few beats, she stared at herself. Then, more curious than devastated by her own stupidity, Tapiwa slowly rose to her knees and stared at the sleeping man. He hadn't woken up while she had moved around like a newborn giraffe, and she was grateful. 

Right then, she thought she could do without the awkward humiliation of the dreaded morning after that she'd heard her friend talk about every time Nicole had a random hook-up. Tapiwa shuddered at the thought of being subjected to that. No. She would rather not. Thankfully, she didn't have to.

Sleeping on his back, the man was laid out perfectly for Tapiwa to take in every detail, and she did. She devoured every detail with her eyes from the dark hair cut so close to his scalp it was almost non-existent, to his surprisingly thin eyebrows women would kill for. 

The man's face was all angles with high cheekbones and a sharp jawline with the slightest shadow of a stubble. He didn't have the heavy beards Tapiwa had noticed most of the young men were obsessed with. And the man was young. Not young like her twenty-two years, but she doubted he was anywhere near thirty. 

He looked so relaxed in sleep and good-looking it was almost disconcerting. Tapiwa wanted to be angry and hate him for being there. She didn't know what had happened but it was just the principle of the matter. But for some unknown reason, she couldn't bring herself to fully embrace the emotion.

It also didn't help her confusion that there was something familiar about his looks. But for the life of her, she couldn't put her finger on it. Regardless, with her more detailed assessment of the man, Tapiwa knew she had never met him before. Not even in passing. 

She doubted she would have forgotten that face. Or the tall, toned body she was trying so hard not to ogle. Thankfully, a faded yellow bed sheet with flowers covered the lower half of his body. 

Yeah, Tapiwa didn't want to see that part of him, even though the ache between her legs made her curious to see what on earth she had allowed into her body. But, nope. She shook her head. She wasn't going there. 

Just then, the man's brows drew together in a frown, and his nose twitched. Oh, god. No! Tapiwa's heart slammed into her ribcage hard enough to jolt her. He was waking up. Feeling suddenly frantic, she jumped into action. She couldn't be there when he opened his eyes. 

A glance around the unimpressive room that only had a double bed and two bedside tables revealed a pile of clothes at the foot of the bed. She hastened to it and retrieved her jeans and favorite blue top. That's when it hit her, the party.

Tapiwa's eyes snapped back at the man on the bed and narrowed. She had been at a party her boyfriend invited her to last night. The man in the bed was not Asher. More dread pooled in her gut, twisting it painfully. Tapiwa clasped the clothes to her abdomen and drew a shaky breath through her nose. What had she done?

Now that she knew what to look for in her brain, she remembered the party. It had been a loud affair with too many people. Definitely not her kind of atmosphere. But she had been desperate to show Asher she could be fun and spontaneous. 

Tapiwa stared at the man. She had definitely gotten the spontaneous part down with a gold star; she thought bitterly, clenching her jaw to stop the groan of frustration and self-loathing from slipping out. 

Her fingers tightened on the fabric of her jeans. She felt the tears pool in her eyes once more and this time, one fell and rolled down her cheek. Damn it! Tapiwa freed her right hand and jerkily wiped at her cheek.

Crying wasn't going to solve anything. What was done was done. She had thrown caution to the wind for one night and her virginity went flying with it.
###chapter 2
  

Warm legs wrapped around his waist. He held them in place with a firm grip as he thrust hard into tight heat. He couldn't see her face, but he heard her gasp, it fueled his pleasure until he felt as though his entire body would come apart. 

Sweat trickled down his chest and fell on her bare flawless caramel skin. His gaze traveled up from her flat stomach to her bouncing breasts. Damn, the fullness of them made him want to touch and lick them. Even the large oddly shaped birthmark peeking out under her left breast teased him to reach out. He wanted to, but first, he wanted to see her face again. 

But he couldn't.

Jadon Paterson groaned and the sound of his own frustration ripped him from his sleep and the dream. He immediately sat upright and then regretted the movement and held his breath as he fought not to spill bile all over the sheets tangled around his legs and his hard cock.

Several minutes later, Jadon finally had his body under control and he stood at the foot of the bed in utter disbelief. "What the hell?" he muttered under his breath. He grabbed the back of his neck, squeezed, and threw his head back to stare at the ceiling for long seconds. 

Eyes closed, he drew a deep breath and then dropped his head back down and glared at the bed as though it was responsible for whatever mess he was in now. Originally, he wanted to believe it was all just a dream. But he wasn't that stupid. 

"Dad is going to kill me," he gritted out through clenched teeth. Just as soon as the old man found out Jadon had done something so reckless.

A steady throb started at his temples, something he didn't need since he had woken up already feeling as though his head weighed a ton. Jadon didn't think he had a hangover, he had only drunk one bottle of beer last night from what he remembered. That wasn't enough to even give him a buzz. Strangely though, he felt as though he had locked lips with a bottle of old scotch and hadn't let go until it was dry. Since he hadn't, he couldn't explain why a mini elephant was tap dancing on his brain.

He also couldn't explain how he had ended up without a stitch of clothing on his body, in a bed he didn't know, and with his genitals covered in what he was certain was dried flakes of bodily fluids of the sexual variety. 

Damn it! Jadon rubbed at his face and pinched the bridge of his nose. There was no doubt in his mind that he'd had sex sometime last night and with no sign of a condom in sight, his gut churned at the repercussions of his carelessness. 

Yep. His father would skin him alive and then kill him when an unknown female showed up nine months from now with a damn baby. Or maybe the old man would end him now when the news spread that the new CEO of Paterson real estate development company had a random night with an unknown female at a party.

The woman hadn't even stuck around. Jadon had woken up to an empty room. Whoever had been in the bed with him last night was long gone and he had no way of knowing who she was. He was certain the woman in the dream was the missing lady, but just like in the dream, he closed his eyes and tried to recall her face. Nothing.

With a huff of frustration, Jadon shook out his arms at his sides and then bent down and retrieved his clothes. It took him a few minutes to be fully dressed and leave the room. 

Despite feeling like the biggest idiot on the planet and not pleased to be doing the obvious walk of shame at the ripe age of twenty-six, he kept his head up and walked with confidence. His father always told him to never show the world how unsettled he was. Even when he felt as though he was about to pass out.

Lucky for him, he didn't have an audience. Certain pieces began to fall into place, though. Jadon realized he was still in the house where the party had been held last night. That was good. It meant he hadn't wandered off with an unknown female like a complete idiot.

The wide hallway, brightly lit up from a glass wall at the end where it seemed to split in two different directions, was littered with empty bottles and cans and smelled like the back alley of a club. But there was no one there to witness Jadon leaving the room and hastily making his way toward what he hoped was the exit.

Thankfully, his sense of direction still appeared to be working. He found the stairs and was almost at the bottom when he spotted the front door just a few feet away, passed the remnants of what could only resemble the aftermath of a frat party and not a birthday party for responsible adults.

Jadon shook his head in disbelief. There was a table completely overturned on the left, blocking the doorway to what must have been the living room, if he remembered correctly. And a guy, clearly passed out but still holding a half-full bottle of whisky against his chest, was sleeping on it. He had no shoes on, only socks. At least the guy still had his clothes on.

The creamy white carpet that covered the floor was a total loss. Jadon could see several wet stains in various shades of red and brown among the clutter of broken glass, empty cups, and more overturned furniture.

That was the last time Jadon was allowing his brother to drag him to a party for one of Asher's friends. Jadon hadn't partied this hard when he had been in college and he saw no point in going through the experience in his late twenties when he was supposed to be showing maturity and a sound mind to run a company their father had formed over two decades ago.

Besides, the fact that he had woken up naked in a foreign bed with a missing bed partner was enough of a deterrent to ensure he never tried it again. Now he just had to get out of there before someone who hadn't marinated all their brain cells last night actually saw him.

He moved fast around the broken glass and bottles and was almost at the door when it opened and a man stepped in. 

Almost in slow motion, as though the man couldn't afford to move too fast, he jerked back in shock when his eyes landed on Jadon. And then he smiled. "Jadon! You are still here!"
###chapter 3
Jadon cringed at the loud voice and threw a glance over his shoulder at the sleeping drunk on the table. Not wanting to wake the man or risk the attention of someone else, he grabbed Asher's arm and pushed him back outside.

"Hey!" Asher protested but moved his legs when Jadon didn't let go and walked them down a few steps and toward the driveway where he could see his Cadillac XT4 and it was thankfully still in one piece. 

"We need to leave this place," Jadon gritted out, not letting go of Asher's arm.

Asher huffed and tried to pull his arm free. "Yeah. Okay. But let go, man! You're making me feel like a naughty teenager being dragged back home by his elder brother. Not cool."

Not willing to be delayed, Jadon refused to let go. "Seeing how that party turned out, I feel as though I was the only adult there. I can't believe I allowed you to drag me to such a party."

"Oh, come on." Asher huffed. "Loosen those shorts a little. You are beginning to sound like an old man."

Jadon ignored his brother's words. They had reached his SUV. He gave the vehicle a quick once over, satisfied to see no scratches, and then unlocked the doors before dropping Asher's arm and going around to the driver's side.

A few minutes later, they were driving away from the house along a rather quiet suburban street with similar large two-story houses like the one the party had been held in. Jadon was almost surprised no one had called the police on them last night for the noise, but he was glad they hadn't. 

Jadon would have probably woken up in a police cell instead of a bed and then there would have been no hope of sweeping the night and everything that had happened at that party under a metaphorical rag and forget about it.

Asher huffed again, snapping Jadon's attention away from his thoughts. He had just stopped at a stop sign, so he shot his brother a look, not surprised to see the younger man almost pouting like an adolescent. Asher's dyed black hair was sticking out in every direction and even had strands of grass in it. Jadon frowned.

"Seriously, dude, did you sleep outside on the grass or something?" Jadon asked, puzzled. 

"What?" Asher gave him a confused frown.

Jadon waved a hand in the general direction of Asher's head and got them moving again after checking the road was clear. "You have grass in your hair."

"Oh." Asher chuckled. "Fell asleep on a lounge by the pool. Woke up on the grass." He laughed as though that was the funniest thing that could have happened and was completely normal. 

"Glad you had fun," Jadon deadpanned.

"Hey! You would have had fun too if you stopped being so uptight. You got a damn rod up your backside always making you so stiff and moody. No wonder you ain't got a girlfriend. Where did you spend the night, anyway? Did some girl actually feel pity for you and give you a little service?" 

A flash of the bed he had woken up in ran through his mind. Jadon tightened his hold on the steering wheel. "No. I slept on an empty chair in the hallway," he lied.

Asher turned and looked at him. "For real? Damn. That sucks. You could have probably gone home last night. Lots of people left. I think my girlfriend left last night, too." Asher rubbed at the back of his neck. "Damn. I think I have to buy her something nice. I completely lost track of her after my second glass."

Brows deep in a furrow, Jadon tried to remember what Asher had said about his new girlfriend, but nothing came to mind. He didn't even remember meeting the woman. He shook his head. "What's the point? Won't you dump her in a week like all the others?"

Asher snorted and turned back to face the window. "I shot myself in the leg this time. She's the daughter of Mrs. Mvula. Remember mom's friend? Yeah, well, I have to play nice for at least a few months."

Jadon couldn't say he remembered the woman or any daughter she had. And at that very moment, he was more concerned with the gaps in his memory from last night and figuring out the identity of the woman he had slept with. Asher's dilemma about keeping a girlfriend longer than a week was not his problem. 

Still, he said, "Sucks to be you." Then an idea popped into his head and he spoke again. "Hey, Asher, did your friends add something to the drinks last night?"

A burst of laughter filled the SUV. Asher slapped his knee. "Nuh! It wasn't that kind of party. It was just a good party."

Good party? Right, Jadon thought, his lips pressed into a thin line. It had been so good he couldn't remember it and now he had to make an appointment with his doctor. He cringed. Yeah, he wasn't looking forward to that.
###chapter 4
"Don't think about it," Tapiwa muttered under her breath for what felt like the tenth time in the last five minutes. The image of the bed and the stranger forced its way back into her mind like it had been doing since she sneaked out of that room. She cringed. "Damn it!"

"Are you talking to yourself?"

"Shit!" Tapiwa's heart jumped in her chest. The large, heavy books she had been holding slipped out of her hands and landed with a loud thud on the wooden, polished floor. Tapiwa startled again and jumped, knocking her knee against the table hard.

Biting back another curse, she squeezed her eyes shut for a second. The pain radiated from her knee and pulsed throughout her body. But that was the least of her concerns right now.

The sounds of her unexpected mishap had echoed through the library like thunder, and Tapiwa held her breath, expecting her boss, Ms. Lily to round the corner any second with her stern glare aimed at Tapiwa above the rim of her very square reading glasses held together by super glue. Because the woman was that stubborn and cheap to have them replaced after she had dropped them a year ago.

In Tapiwa's opinion, the state of the reading glasses reflected the woman's attitude too well. Tapiwa had opted to take a few months to raise funds before she headed off for college. When she started, fresh out of high school, Tapiwa had assumed working in the library would be a dream. So much silence and books everywhere. There was nothing more appealing to an introvert. The illusion of the perfect job had lasted until she met Ms. Lily. 

Tapiwa breathed a sigh of relief when there was no sound of hurried footsteps heading her way to investigate the noise. Only then did she turn and glare at her best friend.

Nicole stood at the end of the row of shelves Tapiwa was working at, her lips pressed into a thin line, clearly suppressing a burst of laughter. "Don't you dare," Tapiwa hissed in warning even as she bent and carefully picked up the books.

A soft chuckle briefly tickled Tapiwa's ears, and then her friend's arms were around her as soon as she straightened. "Sorry," Nicole said, not sounding sorry at all. The girl shrugged a single shoulder. "What? Did you think one of the ghosts in your books came to life?"

Tapiwa gently pushed her friend away and went to stack the book on Bantu Migration under the history section. "No. I was just far away."

Nicole snorted. "I could tell. Okay" Suddenly, Nicole plucked the last book out of Tapiwa's hands without bothering to check the title and squeezed it among the books on the shelf before she began to walk them away. 

"What are you doing?" Tapiwa asked with arched brows as she allowed herself to be maneuvered around empty tables and tall bookshelves Tapiwa knew almost like the back of her hand.

All things considered, Tapiwa liked her place of work, something Nicole never believed. Unlike the public library in the heart of the capital city which was a two-story affair with large windows that brightened up the large space and eliminated the smell of old books, the little library Tapiwa worked in looked like something out of the fifties. This made sense since the building had stood since the colonial period.

Because the building was so old, the windows were small and high, toward the ceiling. The glass on the windows had long since lost its purpose and had been weathered by nature until they allowed just the bare minimum of sunlight into the library. This meant the large space was dim even at noon, smelled like old books, and was always cold-just how she liked it.

"I'm taking you out for lunch," Nicole declared as they neared the double wooden front doors. "Then you can tell me why you are so jumpy."

"I'm not jumpy. I was just lost in my head for a bit."

Nicole looked over her shoulder with a look that said she wasn't buying it. "You have been avoiding me."

Tapiwa gaped at her friend. "When? I spoke to you two days ago!" Thankfully, they were already outside of the building, so her incredulous raised voice didn't get her into trouble with her boss.

With a huff, Nicole stopped walking, turned, and faced Tapiwa. She braced her hands on her ample hips and arched a brow. "Exactly. We talked before you went to that party you couldn't invite me to-"

"It wasn't my party," Tapiwa cut in. "I didn't even know the people there."

"Exactly why I should have come along, so you had someone familiar, Tapi. But noooo" Nicole dramatically elongated the word and shook her head. "You went alone and then you didn't even have the decency to call me after and tell me all the juicy stories. I stayed up for nothing!"

Tapiwa suddenly couldn't meet Nicole's eyes. She felt the back of her neck tingle and fought the urge to rub at it and give away how suddenly uncomfortable she felt. "Uhm I got home late. I was tired."

Nicole arched a brow. "It was that good?"

An image of the stranger, naked in bed with her, flashed through her mind. Tapiwa swallowed hard. A shudder ran through her body. She looked toward the road and then back at her friend. "Let's go grab some food."

Nicole's eyes narrowed, but whatever she wanted to say, the young woman decided to keep it to herself. For now, anyway. Instead, Nicole waved a hand and motioned to the road. 

Ten minutes later, while Nicole flirted with the guy at the counter and ordered their slushies and sandwiches, Tapiwa twisted the paper napkin between her fingers until it was nothing but crumpled pieces on the table.

Realizing what she had done, Tapiwa shot a glance at the counter and saw that Nicole was almost done with their lunch order. She quickly collected the crumpled mess and stuffed it into her jeans pocket. Then she clasped her hands together on her lap and tried not to fidget. 

Although it was lunch hour, the small eatery they frequented whenever Nicole visited Tapiwa at work only had three other customers. The other customers had opted for the outside tables, obviously running away from the inner cramped space. But Tapiwa preferred the inside to avoid the dust of the road getting into her food. 

It was that kind of small establishment near the roadside. Great for a tight budget, but not so much on the health side. Still, they had never gotten food poisoning before, so she figured they were safe. And the noise of traffic outside could be easily ignored as background noise after a few minutes.

At least the small restaurant always smelled great and the food actually tasted half decent. The place was more popular for their shawamas but after two incidences on the news of people getting food poisoning for eating shawamas that had toxic lettuces, Tapiwa couldn't be convinced to ever buy the stuff again even though that particular eatery hadn't been mentioned. The sandwiches would have to do.

A few seconds later, Nicole was at their table and Tapiwa gladly received her mix fruit slushy and chicken mayo sandwich. "Thanks," she mumbled before sticking a straw into the tall glass and taking a mouthful of the sweet, cold beverage. 

For an entire minute, Nicole seemed content to sit in silence and enjoy their food. Tapiwa knew it wouldn't last. Her best friend was like a monkey with a banana when she was curious about something. And Tapiwa knew her friend was very curious about what happened at the party.

Tapiwa and Nicole had been friends for the past three years. They had met at a mall and connected over discount shoes. It had been friendship at first sight. Nicole teased Tapiwa that their relationship was the typical extrovert-adopting-an-introvert relationship. 

Tapiwa couldn't deny it. Nicole was more social and outgoing than Tapiwa. It disturbed Tapiwa sometimes how much Nicole pushed her to go out, but she knew her friend meant well and just wanted her to live a little. 

Well, she had lived a little and attended a party she normally wouldn't have, and look where that had landed her? Tapiwa thought with a frown. Suddenly, the slushy wasn't as sweet and cool on her tongue as it had been a minute before. She grimaced and sat up straight.

"What is it?"

Tapiwa blinked and looked up, meeting her friend's concerned gaze. "What?"

Nicole's eyes narrowed. She pursed her lips and pushed her half-eaten sandwich away. "Okay, spill. What happened at that party that has you so messed up? Did Asher do something?"

"What? Of course not." Tapiwa quickly denied. The last thing she wanted was for Nicole to confront Asher about that night. The guy hadn't done anything except maybe leave her to fend for herself among strangers and she had ended up in bed with one. Tapiwa didn't want Asher or anyone else to know about it.

But just then, as though the universe just had to mess with her, Tapiwa's phone rang. She looked down at it on the table and felt the blood drain from her face. Asher.

Without hesitating, Tapiwa silenced the phone and turned it over so the screen faced the hardwood of the table. As soon as she looked up, Tapiwa knew Nicole had seen too much, and the monkey had just spotted an entire fruit basket.

"What did he do?"

Tapiwa shook her head. "Nothing. It's not what you think."

An unconvinced brow arched. Nicole leaned back in her chair and folded her arms over her full chest. "Really? Well, then explain why you are ignoring your boyfriend's calls. Weren't you all lovey-dovey just two days ago before the party? What changed?"

"Nothing," Tapiwa gritted out, regretting the lunch date and wishing she was back at work where she could hide among the books and not face an interrogation. "I just don't feel like talking to him right now." 

"Well, tough shit," Nicole said with a scoff. She motioned over Tapiwa's shoulder with a jerk of her chin. "Because Mr. Charming just walked in and is headed this way."

Tapiwa's eyes widened with alarm. She snapped her head around, half hoping Nicole was just pulling her leg, but no. Asher was walking over to their table with determined steps. Tapiwa's insides clenched. Yeah, she hadn't prepared for this.
###chapter 5
There was absolutely no way for Tapiwa to disappear and avoid the confrontation she saw brewing in the air as Asher closed the small distance between the door and their table. That didn't mean she didn't try.

Tapiwa shot to her feet so fast, that her knees knocked against the table and sent it rocking unsteadily. In horror, Tapiwa watched as Nicole reached for their tall cups of slushies, but she was too slow. The cups toppled over. Two giant splats landed on the floor a second later. 

Since Tapiwa's guardian angel was clearly boycotting her duties, Tapiwa received a good amount of the colorful cold ice on her pumps. The sudden touch of cold made her yelp and jump back, almost losing her balance. But before the universe could decide if it was going to complete her humiliation with her ass on the floor, strong hands captured her forearms and steadied her.

Everything had happened so fast. Her heart thundering in her chest, she drew a sharp breath and held on to Asher as though her life depended on it. Blood rushing to her head filled her ears with a buzzing sound that drowned out all other noise for a few precious seconds. Then it all slammed back into her.

"Jesus! Tapi, are you okay?" Nicole shouted as she stepped over the mess on the floor and practically ripped Tapiwa out of Asher's arms to hold her.

Still a little dazed, Tapiwa didn't answer immediately. She blinked at her friend and then turned her head and stared at Asher who was addressing a frantic young man attempting to clean up the mess she had caused. 

The mortification of what she had caused suddenly made her too warm and Tapiwa cringed. Damn. Where was the power of invisibility when you desperately needed it? She thought. 

"Hey?" Nicole said, sounding very worried. She gently squeezed Tapiwa's arms until Tapiwa turned and gave her friend her full attention. "What the hell is going on? What did he do?"

Tapiwa opened her mouth to respond, but Asher was back with them. "What did who do?" Asher demanded with a frown creasing his perfect brows. 

Asher was a good-looking man. In a Trevor Noah sort of way with an average soft body. He was taller than the both of them and had a lighter skin tone. When they had first met, Tapiwa had been captivated and flattered that a guy like him was interested in her. 

Not that she was a troll. No. Tapiwa just never had much luck in the dating department. It had probably had something to do with the fact that she kept to herself. Or perhaps it had everything to do with her elder brother scaring off anyone who looked at her twice.

But with Asher, it had been different. For one thing, he hadn't minded that Tapiwa had been minding her own business, walking home from work, and had refused his offer for a ride. He had returned the next day and the day after until she gave in and smiled at him.

Lute, her brother, hadn't blown a gasket either when he found out about Asher. Neither had her father. However, Tapiwa suspected that had everything to do with the fact that it turned out Asher Paterson was the son of Angela Paterson, Tapiwa's mother's friend. And that relation was what made everything so much worse now for Tapiwa.

Had Asher just been a nobody with no connection to friends of her parents, she would have dumped him as soon as she arrived home after the party. They had only been dating for a little over three months. There wasn't much in the way of a connection between them. He was good-looking, had a sense of humor, and could be quite the gentleman. Given time, Tapiwa knew she would have developed something more for him. But that wouldn't happen.

Nicole released Tapiwa and moved to stand in front of her, shielding Tapiwa from Asher. It was kind of hilarious since Tapiwa had a few inches on Nicole, but her friend had more body mass. Her friend looked like a pit bull facing an intruder. 

Tension vibrated in the air even as Nicole pointed a finger at Asher and snarled. "What did you do?" she demanded.

A confused look flashed across Asher's face. He looked at Tapiwa over Nicole's head. "Is this about the other night?" 

"What did you do!" Nicole bellowed, obviously taking Asher's words as confirmation the man had done something.

Realizing they were drawing attention and the matter was escalating faster than she could blink, Tapiwa stepped around Nicole and squeezed herself between her friend and Asher. Facing Nicole, Tapiwa hurried to clear the misunderstanding. "Nicole, relax. He didn't do anything."

Unfortunately, Nicole wasn't buying it. Her narrowed eyes landed on Tapiwa. "Don't lie for him."

Tapiwa shook her head. "I'm not. We went to the party. Asher-"

"I left her alone," Asher cut in suddenly. "I'm sorry. I know that's why you are upset with me. That was really shitty of me."

Tapiwa didn't know if she had ever been more happy to hear a man make the situation about himself. It was the perfect explanation, and she didn't bother refuting it. Tapiwa nodded, still looking at Nicole. "Yes. That's what happened."

Nicole's gaze grew suspicious. She pursed her lips and shot a look at Asher before focusing back on Tapiwa. "Are you sure?" she asked in a lower voice as though she didn't want Asher to hear her.

Lying to her closest friend wasn't what Tapiwa wanted to do. But under the circumstances, she had to. She couldn't blurt it all right there that she had somehow gotten drunk and ended up in bed with a stranger after Asher got lost in the party and forgot he had brought his girlfriend. 

Now that Tapiwa thought about it, she had every right to be pissed off with Asher. If he hadn't abandoned her, she would never have ended up in bed with a stranger. But then again, she would have probably ended up under Asher.

The thought made her shudder. Not because she found him repulsive, but she just hadn't yet gotten to that point regardless of all the hints he had been giving her that he wanted her in bed. Maybe that was the reason he had even taken her to the party. To loosen her up a little. Well, the plan had worked but some unknown man had reaped the rewards.

She still couldn't remember what had happened and, in a way, she was grateful. Tapiwa wasn't sure she wanted to have a vivid memory of that night, even though she couldn't get the image of the stranger out of her head and she didn't feel hate or anger toward him. It was strange, she couldn't explain it. But that was how she felt.

Nicole touched Tapiwa's arm, snapping her out of her wandering thoughts. She immediately remembered her friend had asked her a question. Tapiwa nodded and forced a reassuring smile on her lips. 

"Yes. I'm sure. Asher didn't do anything other than leave me alone after we got to the party. I got tired of waiting for him and I left not long after." The lie came out so smoothly, that it almost scared Tapiwa, but again, she was glad she could just give her friend some version of the truth that would hopefully be enough.

Thankfully, after a beat, it seemed Nicole thought it was enough. She gave Tapiwa a nod and then glared at Asher. "So, what do you want? To grovel for forgiveness?"

"Do you think I could have a word in private with Tapiwa?" There was a note of impatience in Asher's voice. 

Tapiwa suppressed a flinch. She kept the smile on her face and gave Nicole another nod and then leaned forward and kissed her friend's cheek and gave her a hug. "It's fine. My lunch break is almost done. Asher can walk me back to work as we talk. I will talk to you later?"

"Yeah. Sure," Nicole answered after a beat. Then she walked out of the eatery.

A handful of seconds passed in silence, and then Tapiwa ignored the uncomfortable wetness now clinging to her foot and made her way out of the eatery as well. Asher was right there on her heels. They made their way to the road even though she could see Asher's car parked in the car park. 

"I really am sorry," Asher said after a minute of silence only broken by the sounds of traffic and people going about their normal lives. "I got carried away with my friends and I honestly thought you would be okay with the girls."

Tapiwa couldn't remember any girls, but she wasn't going to say that. "It's fine," she gritted out.

Asher turned his head and gave her a boyish smile. "So you forgive me?"

"Sure." What else was Tapiwa supposed to say?

Suddenly, Asher had Tapiwa in a hug and he pecked her shocked, parted lips. "Thanks, babe. I will make it up to you."

Tapiwa placed her palms against Asher's chest and tried to gently extract herself from his hold. "That's not necessary."

But Asher was having none of it. "Of course it is. In fact, that's why I tracked you down today." 

An excited gleam entered his eyes that had Tapiwa tense with apprehension. She pushed a little harder against his chest and he let her go, seemingly not conscious of the stiffness in her muscles.

"I came to invite you to a family dinner. It's next week. My brother's twenty-seventh birthday celebration. It will just be me, my brother, and our parents. I want you to come. It's a great opportunity to meet the family and I think it will just show you how serious I am about us."
###chapter 6
**A week later.**

"You look so beautiful, sweetheart," Tapiwa's mother crooned with a warm smile as she looked Tapiwa up and down. "That young man won't be able to take his eyes off you." 

Tapiwa looked away from her reflection in the large mirror attached to her closet door and stared at the woman behind her. Miranda Mvula was a beautiful woman enjoying the last year of her forties. Despite her age, not a strand on her head had turned gray. Although, it was hard to tell since the woman almost always had her hair braided. It always looked amazing.

Even now, Tapiwa admired the elaborate way her mother had braided her hair around her scalp in an intricate pattern before it all collected at the top of her head before it fell in a ponytail. Her darker skin was flawless, with few wrinkles giving away her age.

Even though Miranda was a former nurse who had retired early to take care of her family and run a small restaurant, she still had the form of a woman who spent most of her time on her feet, busy. Tapiwa often found herself hoping she had gotten most of her mother's good genes. 

Tapiwa's lighter skin was from her father's side of the family, but she had her mother's height and eyes. Eyes that stared at her now and expected a response. 

Swallowing hard, Tapiwa took in the dress her mother had chosen again for this dinner. Tapiwa had tried to turn Asher down. She really had. She had almost thought she'd succeeded. Unfortunately, she had underestimated Asher's determination to get his way. She hadn't expected the man would drive to her mother's small restaurant and ask for permission to take Tapiwa out to dinner to meet the family. 

And just like that, the choice had been ripped out of her hands. Just like the choice of what to wear. She gave the dress a critical look. 

All things considered, the dress was beautiful. Tapiwa just thought her mother had gone a little overboard in trying to impress Asher's family. 

The dress was made from African patterned material. The pattern was a pretty design of yellow, orange, and brown. The patterned material made up the top part of the sleeveless dress, covering Tapiwa's small bust and shoulders. The middle was a figure-hugging black matter just reaching mid-thigh. Then the dress finished off with the patterned material in a flare that covered her feet even in six-inch heels and would probably sweep the floor of the restaurant when she walked. Simply put, it was too much. But no one was going to tell Miranda Mvula that.

"Alright. Enough of drooling over the dress," she announced, chuckled, and clapped her hands twice. "Come sit down. I need to finish with your hair. Your boyfriend will be here soon." Miranda then firmly grabbed Tapiwa's arm and led her to the edge of the bed.

"Are you nervous?" her mother asked after a beat, showing the first sign that she wasn't so oblivious to Tapiwa's demeanor. 

Feeling as though she had an elephant seated on her shoulders, Tapiwa sighed and closed her eyes. "I think it's too soon to meet the parents," she hedged. Of course, what she really wanted to say was she didn't want to go to this dinner because she planned on dumping Asher as soon as it was convenient. But those words couldn't leave her lips.

"Nonsense," Miranda scoffed. "There is no such thing as too soon when things feel right. You guys are perfect for each other. Everything is just right. Besides, we already know his parents. You have met Angela Paterson."

"I met her a handful of times as your friend, Mom. This is totally different."

"I don't believe that," Miranda countered and went about removing the flexible, soft, twisted hair rollers from Tapiwa's hair as she spoke. "Stop worrying. The dinner will be fine. They will love you. I just know it."

"What's not to love?" Tapiwa couldn't help firing back sarcastically. She looked down at her hands clasped together on her lap and the fingernails that had been buffed, filled, and painted within an inch of their lives to match the dress.  

Suddenly, her mother's hands pulled out of her hair and Miranda stood with her hands braced on her hips, a look of disapproval in her narrowed eyes. "What is your problem? I thought you liked the guy." 

Tapiwa pressed her lips together to hold back her retort. This conversation only proved what she had already known. She couldn't just end the relationship with Asher and expect not to get grilled for it. Her mother had invested herself into the whole relationship more than Tapiwa who had actually been dating the man. It was a disaster. One she needed to rectify fast. But not tonight.

Releasing a silent sigh, Tapiwa gave her mother a small smile. "You were right. I'm just nervous."

"Anyone would be nervous about meeting the in-laws," a new voice said as Tapiwa's sister, Amy, entered the room with a cheeky smile.

Amy stopped in the doorway, looked Tapiwa up and down, and then released a whistle. "Damn."

In an instant, as Tapiwa expected, Miranda turned and scowled at her youngest child. "Do not whistle in your father's house! Have some manners! How many times should I tell you this?"

Also as expected, Amy rolled her eyes and turned her attention back on Tapiwa, throwing a mumbled apology in their mother's direction. Tapiwa pressed her lips together to stop herself from chuckling and attracting her mother's anger on herself.

Being the middle child, Tapiwa was used to being both ignored and somehow held responsible for all her sibling's wrongdoing. It was a confusing concept but she had stopped trying to understand it many years ago.

Thankfully, Amy wisely stopped pushing their mother's button and the two helped Tapiwa to look as perfect as she ever would as fast as they could. This happened to be fast enough because just as Amy stood back with a tube of lipstick and declared Tapiwa was perfect, there was a knock at the door, and Lute, her brother, announced Aher was in the house waiting for her.

Any sense of calm that had slowly begun to creep in on her as her mother and sister worked in sync to make her perfect, vanished. In its place was apprehension and a sense of dread. Oh God.
###chapter 7
At the restaurant, Tapiwa felt like a very bright and colorful flower that had dared to pop up out of the ground in the middle of an immaculately trimmed lawn. Beautiful, yet completely out of place.

In a sea of black, gray, white, and the occasional shade of brown formal wear, she stood out so strongly that she was sure every eye in the place was fixed on her. Of course, she couldn't tell to be sure because she kept her head down long enough for the back of her neck to protest with a cramp. 

"Would you like some water before the server takes our orders?" Asher asked beside her, trying to be the attentive, loving boyfriend.

Tapiwa lifted her gaze from her clasped hands and stared at the glass bottle next to her water glass with the hotel name and emblem covered in condensation. It looked fancy and so over the top that Tapiwa wondered if the water would taste differently. She was almost tempted to say yes. However, she opted not to put anything in her stomach just yet. Just to be on the safe side.

Her gut was in a twist of nerves. When they arrived, Tapiwa had been shocked to realize that Asher had parked his car in front of the five-star hotel. For a moment, fear had rippled through her. She'd thought Asher had just tricked her into bringing her to a hotel so he could talk her into bed. 

Fortunately, before she could open her mouth and embarrass herself, Asher led them into the restaurant area by the pool where his parents were already seated. Tapiwa's nerves had only gotten worse after that. 

While she had met Angela Paterson a handful of times, meeting the woman as her son introduced Tapiwa as his girlfriend had felt like meeting the executioner. Although Angela was in her fifties with maroon dyed hair, which was the only vibrant thing about the woman, she exuded an air of disapproval thick enough to choke an elephant.

Besides Angela, Lewis Paterson wasn't much better. As though his tall, surprisingly well-toned build wasn't intimidating enough, the man wore domineering authority like a second skin. When he spoke, Tapiwa wished she could hide under the table and disappear.

It wasn't that she wasn't used to men who held themselves like kings. Her father was the same. Still, somehow, Lewis made her wish the dinner was already over and done with. Unfortunately, it hadn't even started since the guest of honor, the birthday boy, hadn't even arrived. 

Yeah, Tapiwa thought, she wasn't risking putting anything into her stomach just yet. Not even water. "No. Thank you. I'm fine," she answered quietly.

"What exactly is it that you do, Tapiwa?" Angela suddenly asked. "I haven't spoken to your mother in some time. She hadn't mentioned last time that you were in school."

Tapiwa's eyes snapped up, met Angela's piercing gaze, and dropped back down to the table. She swallowed and then licked her lips before mentally calling herself stupid when she remembered that she had lipstick on. Damn it!

Before Tapiwa could gather herself and stop behaving like a mute fool, however, Asher answered his mother. "Tapiwa works in a library, Mom."

"The girl can't answer for herself?" 

Tapiwa cringed, wishing she could slap herself. As far as first impressions went, this was a disaster. But then she reminded herself that it didn't matter. She would dump Asher in a week or two and Angela Paterson would gladly breathe a sigh of relief because Tapiwa was certain the woman thought her unworthy of her precious son. 

Angela may have been a friend of her mother, but Tapiwa suspected that was only because the two had grown up in the same neighborhood. Once Miranda had married a farmer, their statuses had changed. They may have kept in touch over the years, however, Tapiwa was certain Angela didn't consider Miranda the same way the other woman did her.

A beautiful, cool breeze from the pool blew over Tapiwa just then. It was a wonderful relief from the heavy smell of expensive perfumes and delicious food that she wasn't sure she would be able to swallow when the time arrived to consume it. The cool air was also like a calming caress from the sky telling her to hang in there.  

She took a deep breath and tried to dig deep for some semblance of courage. Yes, she wasn't intending to remain in a relationship with Asher, but Angela Paterson could tone it down a little and pretend to be civil. In any case, Tapiwa wasn't going to allow the woman to walk all over her like a doormat.

She cleared her throat. "My apologies. Yes, I can speak for myself," she said, not meeting anyone's gaze. "I'm not in school right now. I decided to work and raise some money before I enrolled to ease the burden on my parents."

A brief silence fell around the table, as though no one had expected her to speak. Then Lewis broke it. "That is very commendable of you, young lady. And what do you wish to study when you do enroll?"

For some reason, Lewis' words made Tapiwa straighten her back and lift her chin a little. "I-" The words froze and then proceeded to choke Tapiwa as her gaze was drawn to the man who had just walked over to their table.

It couldn't be! With humiliating horror, Tapiwa fell into a fit of coughs. Her entire body jerked and trembled with each attempt to heave up a lung. Her eyes watered and she couldn't see clearly anymore. Not that she wanted to.

Voices rang out around her and she felt a firm pat on her back, which she assumed came from Asher. God, Tapiwa wished the ground would open and just swallow her whole. She closed her eyes and tried her best to control her body.

At the back of her mind, Tapiwa was glad she had no plans to stay in a relationship with Asher. Because after the slushy incident a week ago and now choking on air, she was sure the man thought she was a complete idiot. She cringed when she thought of how many people must be watching her right now.

"Here," a deep, male voice said, and then Tapiwa felt the rim of a glass pressed against her lips and a firm hand cradled the back of her head. Without thought, she blindly parted her lips, keeping her eyes squeezed shut. "Take a sip first," the voice instructed.

Several sips later, Tapiwa was certain her lungs would remain in her chest. That was great and all, but then she realized she had to face the embarrassment she had just created. It took another deep breath and a lot of pep talk, but she finally opened her eyes.

Tapiwa blinked a couple of times to clear her vision and then realized her lungs were really putting in their notice of retirement. She couldn't draw another breath. Suddenly, her chest felt tight and her skin tingled where the man's hand still cradled the back of her head. 

Concerned dark brown eyes held her gaze. Tapiwa couldn't look away. She hadn't seen his eyes that morning because the man had been asleep, but now that she saw them, a knowledge settled deep in her bones and told her she had looked into those eyes before. If Tapiwa had any doubts that the man in front of her wasn't the man she had given her virginity to, it flew off with the breeze from the pool.

Her eyes roamed his face in a daze. It was him. Or someone with an uncanny resemblance. He had the same short hair neatly cut close to his scalp. His strong jaw was not as clean as it had been the other morning, though. Although Tapiwa could see that the shadow of hair dusting his jaws was from a long day and not a new fashion sense. 

The man also had the thin eyebrows she had admired while he slept. They were now drawn together in a confused frown, but damn, the man was even more handsome when conscious; Tapiwa thought with a shudder that seemed to wake her lungs up and she gasped and finally leaned out of his touch as though it burned. 

The man's frown deepened, but he gave her space and stood. Oh! Tapiwa was suddenly breathless for a totally different reason. The last time she had seen him, the man had been naked save for a sheet draped over his lower half. 

While the image of his naked chest and arms was burned in her brain, seeing him in a black suit with a pink shirt and no tie, leaving the top two buttons open, was the stuff of dreams. If Tapiwa was one to daydream about handsome men who made her feet turn to jelly, this would have definitely been a candidate.

But just as the thought crossed her mind, Tapiwa's brain fired questions. What was the man doing there? She didn't think coincidences went that far. Oh, no. Dread immediately filled her stomach. 

Tapiwa looked up, away from the man, and realized everyone at the table had stood up after her little show. Her eyes darted from one face to the other and now that everyone was in the same place, Tapiwa realized why she'd thought the man was a little familiar. 

Still, she shook her head as though that would change the facts that were clear as day in front of her. It didn't. And a second later, Lewis confirmed Tapiwa's worst nightmare.

"Jadon, son Why don't you put the glass down and have a seat? I think we have made enough of a spectacle."

Jadon? His name was Jadon. Tapiwa nearly whimpered. There was no denying it. Asher had mentioned his elder brother's name was Jadon. Her mystery man, the man she had sex with at the party, was Asher's elder brother.
###chapter 8
Jadon had purposefully arrived at the restaurant late. Every minute he could shed off the night was a minute he saved his mind and heart from turmoil.  

He already expected the worst as he approached the table, not the best mindset for his birthday, but who could blame him? What he hadn't expected as the table came into view, however, was the beautiful young woman sitting at the table with his family, looking like a ray of sunshine in a dark, cold room.

Nearly stumbling over his own feet, Jadon had abruptly stood a table away and studied the beauty next to his brother. For some reason he couldn't comprehend, Jadon's heart climbed up his throat and began to beat there. All the sounds in the restaurant disappeared, leaving behind only the rush of his own blood. He blinked, then blinked again. What the hell?

She was dressed in the most colorful dress he could see in the room. But it was more than that. Skin the color of caramel glimmered under the lighting that had been strategically placed around the restaurant to enhance the sensual yet formal setting. Of their own volition, his eyes traced her bare arms, shoulders, and neck, until he settled on her face. 

She was looking down, barely lifting her head as she spoke. Jadon had never seen someone look so beautiful and practically crawling out of their own skin at the same time. He couldn't see her hands, but he could have bet every coin he had that she was squeezing the hell out of her fingers with nerves. 

What did she have to be so nervous about? And who was she? Why was she at the table with his family? So many questions hit Jadon in a breath. He shook his head to try and clear them. 

Jadon had never had such a reaction to a woman, much more, a woman he didn't even know. It was unsettling and he almost turned around and walked out of the restaurant. It was a dinner to celebrate his birthday but Jadon knew everyone at that table would gladly grab an excuse to be anywhere else. They weren't that close to make a big deal out of a canceled dinner.

But before he could decide to leave, his father said something to the woman and a shy smile played on her face as she lifted it. Jadon felt as though the rug had been pulled out from under his feet again. He took two steps forward, and just like that, he had her attention. Then everything went tits up.

"Jadon," his father called again and gestured toward the empty seat. 

Jadon wasn't sure what to make of the last five minutes or the fact that the woman looked at him as though she had just seen a ghost. The question burned at the tip of his tongue to ask. Unfortunately, there were three other people at the table and an entire restaurant they had already entertained more than he would have liked. 

So, Jadon did as he was told. He set the glass of water down on the table and moved to take his seat. It was a round table, the only vacant chair was between the woman and his father. Just as his hand landed on the back of the chair to pull it out, the woman jumped out of her chair and announced she needed the bathroom. Then she was gone.

Okay? Jadon wasn't sure he shouldn't take that personally, but it clearly looked as though the woman was running away from him. 

"What the hell is wrong with that girl?" Angela hissed even as her eyes darted around as though to make sure their table was no longer the center of attention.

"I think she's just nervous," Asher answered with a light chuckle. "Meeting the parents and all that."

Jadon paused as he settled himself in his seat. He arched a brow at his brother and finally asked the question. "She's your girlfriend?"

In a heartbeat, Asher's smile widened. He nodded. "Yes. That's Tapiwa. Sorry again that I didn't introduce you two the other night. But I thought today would be perfect so she could meet everyone."

"You could still have given us a heads-up," Angela muttered. 

It pained Jadon to agree with his mother, but he did. He would have liked to have some warning that there would be a breathtaking, beautiful woman at his dinner celebration. Wait, what? Jadon mentally shook his head. Tapiwa was Asher's girlfriend and however strange his reaction had been to the woman, he reminded himself to take his mind firmly off her.

That resolve only worked for the five minutes it took for Tapiwa to return to their table.

Still looking as unsettled as she had been before she fled to the bathroom, Tapiwa's eyes darted toward Jadon and then dropped to the table. She didn't sit down. "Uhm Thank you so much for the invitation here tonight," she said carefully.

She was running. The realization hit Jadon before the words left her mouth. 

"But Uhm. I'm not feeling too well. So, I'm just going to go home."

Asher stood, concern etched on his face. "Are you sure? Maybe you could just sit down for a minute?" 

Tapiwa shook her head no. She gripped the back of the chair she had occupied as though to steady herself and then met Asher's gaze. "I'm sorry. I just need to get home." After a brief hesitation, she turned and faced Lewis and Angela. "It was really a pleasure meeting you both."

Jadon expected her to look at him, but she didn't. Tapiwa turned on her heels and walked away from the table. He was almost amazed she didn't literally run away as though the hounds of hell were on her heels. But then, maybe it had something to do with the fact that Asher had a hand on the small of her back.

Unsure what to think of everything, Jadon sighed and turned his attention back to the table. That's when he realized both his parents were watching him. "What?"

"Do you know the young woman?" Lewis asked evenly. 

Jadon frowned at his father. "I never met her before tonight."

"Are you sure?" Angela pressed. 

"I think I would remember if I had."

Angela looked unimpressed. She scoffed and then reached for her glass of wine. "I hope so. The last thing we need is to find out you went out with your brother's girlfriend. Even though I really don't understand what Asher sees in the girl."

"She's the daughter of your friend," Lewis stated, arching a brow at his wife. 

That got Jadon's attention. He looked at his mother. "What friend?"

Angela waved a dismissive hand in the air. "An old friend. And it doesn't change the fact that the girl isn't suited for Asher."

Jadon met his father's gaze and caught the subtle shake of his head. Lewis was telling him to just let it go like he always did. Jadon didn't argue. He had no desire to rouse his mother's anger this evening. It was his birthday after all. The least he could do was enjoy the meal without Angela Paterson focusing her irritation on him like she usually did if he voiced his thoughts.

Angela only had the patience and love of a mother for one of her sons and that wasn't Jadon. Asher could do no wrong in his mother's eyes. On the other hand, Jadon could never seem to do anything right.

Right on cue, the golden child walked back to the table minus his girlfriend. Jadon suppressed the immediate need he felt to ask if she was okay. Really, he couldn't understand his instant fascination with the woman but he had to ignore it.

Asher sat down and sighed. "Sorry about that. She's gone home."

"How is she getting home? I thought you would take her," Lewis said with a frown.

Angela didn't miss a beat. "Oh, for god's sake. The girl can perfectly make her own way home. Now, let's get on with this dinner already." She lifted her hand to signal for the waiter, clearly indicating that the topic was closed.

Jadon wasn't surprised. He sank back in his seat and drew a quiet breath. God, he wanted the dinner to be over already.
###chapter 9
"What!?! Jesus f- Are you serious?"

Tapiwa winced and squeezed her eyes shut for a second. It was still early morning and after failing to catch any sleep last night following the dinner revelation, her head was pounding. It definitely didn't appreciate her friend's raised voice.

"Please don't shout," Tapiwa begged.

"I'm not shouting," Nicole responded, her voice still within range of being considered a shout. It was as though her friend was too shocked to control her volume. Not that Tapiwa could blame her.

Still, Tapiwa rubbed at her right temple and tried again. "Calm down, Nicole. I really need your help right now. I didn't come to be shouted at. Could have easily gotten that at home."

"Wait, does your family know about this?" Nicole asked, sounding horrified, her eyes wider than they had been seconds before. 

Tapiwa paused mid-rub and gaped at her best friend. As soon as she had made it out of the fancy hotel and back home last night, Tapiwa knew she needed to talk to someone. That was the reason she'd sneaked out of the house this morning before her mother woke up and began her interrogation about last night. She wanted to talk, but she wasn't suicidal. Hence why she was at Nicole's apartment. "Are you insane? Why would I tell my family I lost my virginity to Asher's brother?"

Nicole grimaced. She nodded and then released a heavy sigh. "Yeah. Okay. That would be stupid."

"You think?"

"Hey, look" Nicole waved a jerky hand in the air. "I'm still trying to understand how you ended up in bed with a total stranger who turned out to be Asher's elder brother. Were you that drunk?"

Tapiwa ground her teeth together as she felt a wave of anger course through her. Her hands clenched at her sides into fists. Before she knew it, she was on her feet pacing Nicole's one-roomed apartment. 

Unfortunately, after a minute, she felt ridiculous and flopped back down on the double bed next to her friend. Pacing in a four-by-four room that served as the bedroom, living area, and kitchen just wasn't satisfying. There was barely any space except the narrow path Nicole had left that allowed her to move to the door and the tiny attached bathroom. 

Tapiwa had thought Nicole had lost her damn mind when she moved out of her parents' house and moved into the tin can. What had been even more shocking was the fact that Nicole's parents encouraged her and even paid her rent whenever Nicole fell short. Something about wanting Nicole to be independent and responsible.

As Tapiwa looked around the room, she doubted Nicole's parents' vision of responsibility was working. There was a gigantic pile of clothes at the head of the bed. It looked like Nicole had done her laundry but just hadn't gotten around to ironing and putting it all away.

The two plate cooker on a small table against the wall had been turned into a shelf to hold several boxes of cereals and two bottles of wine that looked empty. There was a small fridge under the table and Tapiwa wondered if she would find anything other than milk, water, and maybe more wine in it. Tapiwa shook her head and scoffed.

Nicole didn't say a word, allowing Tapiwa the time to compose herself and gather her thoughts. Tapiwa liked that about her friend. Nicole was almost always loud, her dietary choices were deplorable, and she upset Tapiwa. But she also knew when to shut up and allow Tapiwa to catch her breath. Most importantly, Tapiwa knew her friend cared.

Finally, Tapiwa felt calmer. She returned her gaze to Nicole. There was no point answering the question about her state of intoxication that night. It's not like she remembered. No. She had more worries to focus on. 

"What am I going to do, Nicole?" Tapiwa heard the break in her own voice. She swallowed around the lump she felt lodged in her throat. "What if Jadon tells Asher?" The very idea of that happening made bile rise to the back of her throat. She swallowed again. 

"Did he give any sign that he remembered you last night?"

Tapiwa let out a dry chuckle and shook her head. "I wouldn't know. I was too busy not trying to choke on my own tongue and then I hightailed it out of there."

There was silence for a beat, and then Nicole exploded into a fit of laughter. "Damn, I can almost imagine it," she said between laughs.

Tapiwa groaned, remembering how embarrassing it had been, but then she found herself laughing as well. She shook her head. "I hope no one got it on camera. I wouldn't want to end up on Facebook as the idiot who choked in a fancy restaurant."

"I doubt it. People who can afford to go to such places don't waste their time on social media."

She arched a brow at Nicole. "Are you forgetting Asher Paterson already? The guy will post everything and he can afford to go eat a slice of raw tomato that cost more than a whole chicken at the supermarket."

Nicole waved a hand in the air and leaned back, using the heap of clothes like a giant pillow. "That one doesn't count. He is a party animal. Still makes me wonder how you two started dating."

Tapiwa gave her friend an incredulous look. "Are you not the one who told me to live a little when he started pursuing me?"

"Oh," Nicole whispered sheepishly. Then she offered Tapiwa an apologetic smile. "In my defense, I didn't think it would get this far. I thought he would show you a good time for a few days and then everything would go back to normal."

"Except, I discovered he was the son of mom's friend and suddenly, I had mom all over it."

Nicole frowned. "Damn. And now all this How the hell are you going to handle it?"

That was the million-dollar question. Tapiwa squeezed her eyes shut for a second and drew a deep breath. She released it and then squared her shoulders. "I will dump Asher after a few days."

"Why not now?"

Tapiwa shook her head. "Can't dump him the day after the dinner. It will raise too many questions. I was lucky mum didn't catch me returning home so early yesterday. But I know she will have questions about the whole thing. I think the woman is already planning a wedding in her head. I need to do this properly."

Silence met her words. Tapiwa looked up and found Nicole staring at her as though she had just spoken in another language. "What?"

Nicole sighed. "No break up is clean. This one definitely won't be. Just get it over and done with before the cat is out of the bag and everything gets messy."

"Just a few days."

"I think that's a bad idea. And we still don't know if the brother will talk or not. Hey. Wait. Do you think the brother planned it? Or maybe he took advantage of you when you were drunk?"

The words made a shudder run down Tapiwa's spine. She immediately shook her head. "I don't want to think about that."

"Tapi-"

"No," Tapiwa stated firmly. She wrapped her arms around herself and drew a deep breath.

Realizing how distressed her friend was, Nicole rushed to her side and wrapped her arms around her. "I'm sorry. I'm not trying to be mean and upset you. Shit! I should have gone with you to that damn party. All this wouldn't have happened."

Tapiwa exhaled and allowed the comfort her friend was giving her to take away some of her anxiety. After a beat, she shook her head again. "No. You are not to blame. I got careless and paid the price."

"At least tell me the man is good looking. That will take some of the sting out of all this."

Unexpected laughter burst out of Tapiwa. She pushed Nicole away from her. "Oh, shut up!"

"Oh!" Nicole smiled widely and waggled her brows. "So he is nice to look at? Thank God."

Tapiwa shook her head at her friend. "I'm done talking to you."
###chapter 10
Jadon's feet pounded the belt. Every muscle in his thighs and calves protested. Pain that had been dull moments before flared, causing him to stumble. In reflex, his hand reached out and hit the stop button. It was just in time to regain his footing and avoid crushing his face on the treadmill. 

Gripping the safety handles with shaky, sweaty palms, Jadon desperately dragged oxygen into his lungs. His heart galloped like a wild horse behind his ribcage. Sweat rolled down his face and neck into his already drenched vest. 

A hard cough tore out of him. Jadon winced. Damn. That hurt. Okay. Maybe he had pushed himself a little too far, he thought, even as he gathered up his water bottle and towel. Half the bottle went down his throat and he still felt as though he could take more. Thankfully, his brain cells were still working, and he held back. Too much water at once and he would throw everything up. Not something he wanted to do at the gym that morning.

Gingerly, he stepped off the machine. Jadon had chosen the one at the end of the row for a reason. He'd wanted to be in his own world for a bit, and it had worked. But as he stood there for another beat, he could finally hear the sounds of other patrons shedding off calories and ripping their muscles until they looked like they might want to audition for Tarzan the movie.   

Thinking he wouldn't mind a go at the weights himself, Jadon turned for that direction, only to come to an abrupt halt and release an unmanly yelp and then a string of profanities flew out of his mouth from between clenched teeth. 

Jadon's free hand went to his chest. He glared at the two men standing behind him. "What the hell?" 

As though the last sixty seconds hadn't taken place, Kaelo turned to Ezra with a contemplative frown. "I think some chick told him he was getting a pot belly or something. That would explain it."

His eyes still on Jadon, Ezra hummed and scratched the short, neat beard he kept. "I think the back is sagging a little, too."  

"What the hell are you two idiots talking about?" Jadon snapped. 

In the blink of an eye, the mock seriousness both men had held bled away. Laughter filled the cardio room, drawing the attention of people who peeked in to see what was happening. Jadon clenched his jaw and waited. 

He had no doubt he had just been the butt of the joke and despite the irritation he felt racing through his veins along with the short burst of adrenaline he had got, he almost smiled at them. Almost. Jadon took a drink of his water and walked past the two hyenas.

"Oh! Come on!" Kaelo called out and followed after Jadon.

Jadon shot a look over his shoulder at the guy. "Want to tell me what was so funny?" Something told him he would regret asking, but he still waited for the answer.

Ezra, still chuckling, came to a stop next to Jadon and threw an arm around his shoulders before he whispered, "We know you getting old, but you don't have to kill yourself on the treadmill. You still have the looks, man."

He had known his two best friends were idiots. Jadon scowled and shrugged off Ezra's arm. He pointed at Kaelo. "You are the oldest."

"By only two months and a week," Kaelo replied with a grin. He then ran a hand down his flat abs clearly visible in the thin blue T-shirt he wore with his matching shorts. "And I'm still so sexy."

Jadon shook his head. He didn't know why he'd expected a different response. His friend did look like a darker version of Adam Rodriguez so he had nothing to be modest about. Still, a little humility went a long way, Jadon thought.  "Yeah. Keep telling yourself that."

"Jealous."

"Of what exactly? I'm in better shape than you. I won the last bet. Outran you on the treadmill and beat your weights." 

"I had the flu. I told you."

Ezra scoffed and for the next ten minutes, they teased and compared records like teenage boys instead of the grown men they were. But that wasn't a surprise. Jadon had known Kaelo and Ezra since high school. Jokes and competition were just part of their daily routine.

As they continued their chatter, they carved out a corner of the gym for themselves by the weight bench, like they usually did when they met up here. Ezra fitted the weights on the bar while Jadon made himself comfortable on the bench.   

"So, what happened at the birthday dinner?" Kaelo asked, drawing the laughter to an end. He arched a brow down at Jadon's suddenly tense features. "Well, that confirms it. I assumed something happened, and that's why you were pounding that belt as though you were training for the Olympics out of hell. That bad?"

"Nothing more than the usual." Jadon thought back to the whole dinner and thought it had actually been less painful than he had expected. At least there had been a beautiful woman to look at, even though she had unfortunately hightailed it out of there as soon as he arrived. Not that he blamed her. 

Not everyone could handle Angela Paterson. His mother had eventually come back around to criticize everything about him, from the shirt he'd picked to wear to how he held his wineglass. It had all just flowed over him like water off the back of a duck. At least, he liked to think it had. Jadon didn't want to believe his mother's strange obsession with demeaning him still ate at him.

Although, that wasn't the only thing on his mind. He still had the gaps in his memory to deal with. Jadon had gone to the doctor's and gotten a shot, just in case. Explaining to the doctor that he'd had sex with a woman but couldn't remember was something he never wished to go through ever again. The emotions from all that is what had powered his brutal run on the treadmill today.

Ezra secured the last weight and braced his arms over it. His concerned frown fell on Jadon. "You should have just dodged that nightmare and we would have celebrated your birthday in style."

"We are still going to do that," Kaelo cut in. "Tonight."
###chapter 11
Jadon sat up. Seemed they wouldn't do any lifting while the talking went in and he didn't want to have this conversation on his back. "Tomorrow is Monday," he stated and watched his friends to see if they got his point. From their blank stares, he knew they hadn't. Jadon huffed. "Some of us are CEOs with companies to run."

Ezra turned to Kaelo. "Did you hear anything?"

"Seriously," Jadon gritted out. 

Both men ignored him. Kaelo tilted his head and gave the perfect impersonation of a confused dog. "It sounded like he was trying to convince us that he actually cares about his job."

Jadon's mouth fell open. He blinked. "I do care."

"No," Kaelo stated firmly with a finger raised. "You care about your father's approval. I keep telling you, man, let go of that pipe dream before you end up killing yourself." 

Feeling more irritated and tense than he had been when he arrived at the gym more than two hours ago, Jadon crossed his arms over his chest. Kaelo wasn't telling him anything new. It was an ongoing argument among them. 

When they had been younger, the three of them had shared the desire to go into business together. That vision had been crushed when Lewis informed Jadon it was his duty to take over the real estate company. 

Jadon wouldn't say he hated his job. He just wasn't passionate about it. And he knew it was because of his decision to work for his father that his friends hadn't ventured out on their own, either. 

Kaelo had found himself helping his mother with her hotel business, while Ezra was playing pretend at owning and running a sports wear boutique. Neither of his friends were happy about the circumstances. But Jadon thought there was nothing he could do about them. Every man had to make a decision. His had been made for him, but still, the principle still held true.

"We are not getting into that today," Jadon told his friend in a tone that said that he wasn't joking around. 

For a beat, Kaelo just stared at him. Then he raised his hands in a placating gesture before he pointed at the bench. "Are you lifting or what?"

"Yo!" Ezra suddenly cut in. The excitement in his voice was enough to grab Jadon's and Kaelo's attention. They both turned their heads and looked at their friend. But Ezra wasn't looking at them. He had his eyes fixed on the other side of the room.

Jadon followed his friend's gaze and almost rolled his eyes when he realized what had grabbed his friend's attention so hard. He should have known. "You are a man whore," he told Ezra.

The words didn't faze the man. Ezra grinned. He shot Jadon a wink and then focused back on the two young ladies taking selfies in front of the wall to wall mirror. They didn't have a lick of sweat on their matching sports bra and leggings, so Jadon assumed they were the kind that came to the gym for social media and not the actual exercise.

Not that their bodies needed it. Both women didn't seem to have an extra fat cell in their bodies, from what he could tell. And he could tell a lot considering their bras barely covered some pretty full looking breasts. Most of the pink contraction was made up of intertwined lines that revealed more than they hid. 

The leggings were tight and black with a section of pink on the side to match the bra. The pink section only went mid-thigh. The rest of the material was some sort of transparent mesh. In all honesty, Jadon could see why his friend was salivating like a dog that had seen a juicy bone. Jadon opened his mouth to tell his friend to go for it, but before he could, Ezra spoke. 

"Jadon, man. You should totally ask one of them out."

"What?" Jadon turned away from the women and gave his friend a perplexed look. "Why would I do that? I'm not in the mood to date anyone."

"Why not?" Kaelo asked, apparently fully on board with Ezra's suggestion. "Dating is what normal people do. You know? It's that annoying process that lets us decide if we like each other enough to live under one roof and breed the next generation of troublemakers."

Both Jadon and Ezra gaped at the man. "Dude, who hurt you?"

"Oh, shut up! Just go and ask one of them out. Think of it as a birthday gift to yourself." Kaelo winked. 

Jadon scowled at his friend. He loved the guy, but right at that moment; he wished all sorts of evil stomach maladies to surprise his friend while he was stuck in traffic. It must have shown on his face because after a beat, Kaelo narrowed his eyes and pointed a finger at Jadon. "Loosen up, Jadon. You are only twenty-seven, not seventy-two. Live a little or that damn CEO office will suck the life right out of you."

"I dare you," Ezra added with a mischievous grin. 

Jadon closed his eyes and groaned. "You didn't?"

Ezra chuckled. "Oh! I did. I so dare you, Jadon Paterson. I dare you to walk over there and get one of those girl's numbers."

"You know we are not teens anymore, right?" Jadon hedged. 

Kaelo shook his head, now grinning as hard as Ezra. "Either do it or lose." 

Jadon glared. They had been daring each other to do stupid things since the day they met and realized they had the same kind of crazy. Jadon had never lost a single dare, something he enjoyed rubbing in their faces. He wasn't prepared to do so now.

"Fine," he stated and stood up off the bench. Maybe some female interest was exactly what the doctor ordered. Especially after everything that had happened in the last two weeks. Well, he was about to find out.
###chapter 12
"Shit!" Tapiwa stumbled over an uneven part of the walkway. Suddenly, her body rocked forward dangerously. Her fingers tightened around her phone even as her free hand shot out to balance her or break the fall. Lucky for her, she regained her footing.

Once she realized she wasn't going to fall, Tapiwa glared at her phone. The damn thing should have been in her pocket or bag. Then she wouldn't have been missing her step over every loose stone and pothole in the ground, but it hadn't stopped ringing all afternoon.

Exasperated, Tapiwa stepped to the side, away from the flow of other pedestrians. Then she once again glared down at the screen of her phone. Asher was calling again. Damn, didn't the man know how to take a hint? Tapiwa mused with irritation. 

She had been ignoring his calls and text messages all day. How else was she supposed to end the relationship? Tapiwa wanted to create as much distance as possible. If she was lucky, Asher would get frustrated and just end things, saving her the trouble. If that didn't work, she would do it and the guy wouldn't be surprised. The distance would have prepared him for it. 

The plan was genius. No one would get hurt. Now, if only Asher would get with the program and stop calling so she could breathe a little easier and watch it all play out.

With a huff of frustration, Tapiwa swiped down and rejected the call. she put the phone on vibrate and shoved it back into her pocket. Then she resumed her walk home. 

She was almost there but with the physical and mental exhaustion, Tapiwa felt as though the house she shared with her parents and siblings had suddenly grown legs and kept moving further away with every step she took.

Sighing, she slowed her steps instead of speeding up. If everything was going to feel like torture, then she might as well do it without her lungs burning for oxygen, she thought. Besides, nothing exciting awaited her at home. She might as well enjoy the walk even though she had done it over a thousand times.

A few minutes later, Tapiwa stopped at the last set of traffic lights before she finally reached home. The light was green for the cars, so she had to stop and wait. For some reason she couldn't put her finger on, Tapiwa raised her head and really looked around for the first time since she'd started her walk home from work.

For a second, everything seemed perfectly normal. People walked along the road, going about their business. Vehicles sped by, trying to catch the green light before it turned red. The traffic was rather light for this time of day. That was why, Tapiwa would later think, she was able to notice the man who stood on the other side of the road, parallel to her position. 

In an instant, an odd sensation raced through Tapiwa that she couldn't explain. She shuddered and the urge to wrap her arms around herself overwhelmed her. What the hell?

She could only see the back of the man as he stood by a street vendor's cart and bought some bananas. He was dark and tall, and he wore black jeans and a navy blue jacket. A black cap covered his head and when he turned and looked at her, Tapiwa saw that the cap had been pulled so low over his face, she couldn't see his eyes. But there was no doubt he was looking at her, no matter how subtle he tried to be. And there was also no doubt in her mind she had already seen the man twice today. 

The first time Tapiwa had seen the man was in the library just before noon. The man had been hunched over a book so focused she hadn't bothered to ask him if he needed anything and let him be. 

When Tapiwa saw the man again during her lunch break, she hadn't really given it much thought. In her defense, she had already been distracted and frustrated with Asher for blowing up her phone with calls and messages she had no intention of responding to. 

But seeing the man now had every thought of Asher out of her mind, and her survival instincts kicked in. Every hair on her body stood. Her heart pounded in her chest. Sweat broke out on her forehead. Tapiwa's hands flexed at her sides. 

She drew a sharp breath but her vision swam. Fear coursed through her unadulterated. Tapiwa's eyes darted around for an escape. She didn't know why the man was following her. And truth be told, she had no desire to find out. 

The world had turned into an ugly, scary place in recent years. Tapiwa couldn't count how many times the evening News broadcast scared her these days. People were abducted and killed by sick individuals almost every other day. There was no discrimination. Children, women, men, the old, they were all vulnerable.

With that in mind, Tapiwa jumped onto the road and crossed it before the cars had completely stopped flowing. She heard honking and shouts thrown her way, which was typical of a busy road in the capital, but she didn't slow down or turn to see if the man had followed. 

Once she was on the other side, Tapiwa took off running. She didn't care how she looked, she only mentally thanked God and every angel for the sneakers she had chosen to wear that morning. It made the running easier, and it meant that ten minutes later, Tapiwa was safely in her parents' house.

It took a moment for Tapiwa to slow her heart rate back down and draw a full breath into her lungs. Her face was covered in sweat and her feet ached. Still, she was glad to be home. For a split second, she wondered if she was being paranoid. 

Tapiwa quickly shook her head. She didn't believe it was all just a coincidence. Not with the nagging thought at the back of her head about the night at the party. Yes, Tapiwa had consumed a lot of alcohol, but she started to suspect that someone had slipped something into her drink as well. It wasn't unheard of and with her memory of the night still a total blank, it really was looking like a high possibility.

Shaking her head again, Tapiwa let out a puff of air. She had to stop thinking about that night if she hoped to return to normal and continue her life as though it had never happened. Which was what she wanted, she reminded herself.

"Tapiwa, is that you?"

The sound of her father's voice had Tapiwa straightening and stepping away from the door as though she had been caught doing something wrong. Before she could find her voice behind the heart beating once again in her throat, however, Allen Mvula walked out of the dining area and came into view.

The frown she was so used to seeing was firm between her father's brows. He came to a stop two feet away from her, wiping his hands on a small hand towel. Tapiwa could immediately tell from her father's mud-covered favorite work-suit pants, gumboots, and the wide-brimmed hat that he had probably just walked in as well. 

She hadn't seen his truck in the driveway when she ran in so she assumed he had either parked behind the house or had someone drop him off. Maybe Lute before he made the last delivery of the day.

Tapiwa also hazarded a guess that her mother wasn't home because, as much as Miranda Mvula was submissive to her husband and soft-spoken, the woman never tolerated muddy clothes with the stench of the farm to waltz into their immaculate home.

"Good evening, Dad," Tapiwa greeted with a small smile. 

Allen nodded and then looked Tapiwa up and down, his frown deepening. "Was it a stock day at the library? Why do you look so flustered?"

"Uhm." Tapiwa looked down at herself at a loss for words. She couldn't exactly mention to her father that she had gotten paranoid on the road or the reasons behind it. "I was dusting the shelves today." It was a lie, but how would he know?

Thankfully, Allen seemed to buy it. He nodded again. "Just don't get too comfortable in that place. We agreed it was only for a year before you continue with your education."

Tapiwa clasped her hands behind her back. "Yes, Dad."

"Good. And what about this boy you are seeing? What's his name? The Paterson boy?"

"Asher," Tapiwa answered, feeling the taste of bile collect at the back of her throat. She swallowed hard and kept her eyes down.

"Hmm. Yes. Asher Paterson. I get that your mother is excited, but I don't want you to get distracted with this boy." Allen paused and a beat passed. Tapiwa didn't dare meet her father's gaze. She nodded, and it seemed to have been the response he had been waiting for to continue. 

"Good. Remember Don't embarrass this family, Tapiwa. You are the oldest daughter. Don't set a bad example for Amy. I trust you. Don't disappoint me."

Tapiwa thought she would collapse on the floor in a disheveled heap any second. She couldn't look up and meet her father's eyes. Her throat wouldn't work to get any words out. Now more than ever, she wished she had never met Asher Paterson. 

Her father didn't want to be embarrassed, but she had already done that. A stranger had taken her virginity and although Tapiwa had taken a morning-after pill to prevent any further disaster, there was no denying the truth. If her father knew, he would skin her alive.

Just then, the sound of her phone vibrating in her pocket jolted Tapiwa so hard she yelped and jumped back.  

"Jesus! Child, what's wrong with you?" Allen demanded taking a step toward her.

Tapiwa flashed. She looked up, meeting her father's concerned eyes. "Nothing. Sorry. I forgot my phone was in my pocket."

"Well, answer it. It sounds like you have a call."

Nodding, Tapiwa retrieved her phone. She didn't need to look at the screen to know it would be Asher. It was. Suppressing the urge to cringe, Tapiwa gave her father a small smile, answered the call, and then took a step toward the hallway. 

She couldn't outright get out of there without raising her father's suspicion, so she stopped still within earshot and said, "Hello?"

"Tapiwa? Oh! Thank goodness, I thought you wouldn't answer again." Asher sounded both relieved and tense. Before Tapiwa could respond, he went on. "I need to see you."
###chapter 13
"Tapiwa, baby," Asher said in greeting with a wide smile when she reached the table he had been seated at, waiting for her. 

Like a gentleman, he stood up and pecked her cheek before guiding her to the chair on the other side of the small, two-seater table. If Asher noticed how stiff Tapiwa was, he didn't let on. Instead, he kept the smile firmly on his face and once she was seated, he walked over to the counter to place their orders, leaving Tapiwa alone with her thoughts. 

For the next minute, Tapiwa sat still, trying to gather every ounce of courage she possessed as she listened to Asher's distant voice as he gave their order for drinks and a large chicken barbeque pizza. He hadn't bothered to ask her what she wanted, but that was fine. Tapiwa didn't want anything. She just wanted to get this over and done with so she could move on.

For what felt like the hundredth time in the past half hour, Tapiwa felt her gut twist with dread. Something told her this day wouldn't end as pleasantly as she hoped. Asher had been too persistent in his need to see her. Finally, Tapiwa had caved. 

Nicole thought it was for the best. 'Rip it off like a strip of wax on your V,' her friend had said. 'There is no reason to baby it. It's coming off and there is only one way to do it.' That was easier said than done. 

If Tapiwa thought she could have gotten away with it with a simple text message, that was the route she would have chosen. Unfortunately, she had to do this face-to-face. She didn't want Asher turning up at her parents' house, demanding an explanation.

At least she'd had the choice of where they met for this dreaded talk. Tapiwa had picked a very open and busy pizzeria at the mall. At this time of the day, the place was packed, almost every table both inside and outside occupied by patrons who chatted and laughed among themselves. Not the best place to hold a private conversation, but the perfect location to avoid a scene. 

It took Tapiwa a moment to realize that Asher was back at their table and silently watching her. Tapiwa met his gaze and fought the urge to squirm in her seat. She clasped her hands together on her lap, out of sight, and squeezed her fingers tightly to distract herself from the blood pumping in her ears.

After a beat, Asher let out a heavy sigh. Then he lifted a hand and waved it lightly between them. "What is this, Tapiwa? I feel like you have been avoiding me. Why?"

Well, it seemed Asher wasn't as thick as Tapiwa had feared. The man had noticed her attempts and wasn't going to beat about the bush. Suddenly, Tapiwa wished their drinks were at the table already so she could buy herself a few seconds and wet her now dry throat. No such luck.

Tapiwa cleared her throat. "I think we need to talk," she managed to croak out.

Asher arched an eyebrow. "The famous words that started every breakup," he deadpanned. After a beat, he tilted his head to the side. All manner of humor had faded from his features. "Are you breaking up with me, Tapiwa?"

Rip it off like wax, Tapiwa thought. "Uhm. Actually Yes. I feel Uhm. This is not working out for me." Damn. Tapiwa inwardly cringed at how shaky her voice came out. She would have gladly welcomed hot waxing on every inch of her body rather than be seated across from Asher at that very moment.

A tense silence fell over their table. Tapiwa didn't dare lift her gaze from the brown smudge of dirt on the table in front of her. She could feel his eyes on her, could almost swear she heard his teeth grind together. Was he upset? Why?

They had only been dating for a few months. Nothing serious had taken place. As far as Tapiwa was concerned, this was supposed to be a relatively easy breakup. They hadn't invested their entire lives into it for years, for heaven's sake. But it seemed that wouldn't matter to Asher.

"You are actually breaking up with me?" A heavy dose of disbelief hung on every word Asher spoke. Then he chuckled, and the sound sent shivers down Tapiwa's spine.

She looked up and met Asher's gaze. The man she saw wasn't the same charming guy she had met over three months ago. Something dark lurked in his gaze and it gave Tapiwa pause. It certainly made her rethink her approach. 

"Asher," she hesitated. "I like you. Really. But Uhm. I think we would be better off as friends and nothing more."

"Why?"

Tapiwa blinked. Somehow, she hadn't expected that question. She licked her dry lips and dropped her eyes back on the table. There was still enough chatter and movement around them to drown out their conversation and fill the tense silence. Yet, for some reason, Tapiwa felt as though she was alone with Asher on a cliff's edge. 

"You want an explanation as to why I can't be in a relationship with you?" Tapiwa asked cautiously.

Asher tilted his head, eyes narrowed, studying her. "It's not that you can't You don't want to be in a relationship with me. Is this about the night at the party?"

Tapiwa's back stiffened as though a red hot rod had just been introduced. He didn't know, she reminded herself. Asher couldn't know she had slept with his brother. He wouldn't be so cool and composed if he did. "What about that night?"

Asher scoffed. He then looked around them for a beat as though he suddenly remembered they were in public. When his eyes fell back on Tapiwa, they were several degrees colder. "You have been acting weird since that night. What? Are you judging me for having a little fun? It's not good enough for your uptight personality?" 

"I didn't say that."

"Oh, but that's what you are saying, isn't it?" Asher sneered. "'This is not working out for me'," he repeated in a mocking tone, glaring at Tapiwa.

Tapiwa shook her head, unable to comprehend this side of Asher. She had guessed he probably wouldn't like the idea that she was breaking up with him. But she hadn't for a second thought he would be bitter and try to make everything so ugly. 

"Asher, breakups happen. Not all relationships work out and turn into lifelong commitments," she tried to rationalize. 

"Don't flatter yourself, sweetheart," Asher snapped. "I wasn't proposing marriage."

Tapiwa flinched as though she had just been slapped. Suddenly, she didn't care enough to sit there and listen to Asher turn into an arrogant jerk. Maybe the guy had never been dumped before and his ego was bruised. Well, tough luck. She wasn't going to hold his hand and take everything he wanted to dish out until he felt on top of the world again. She stood up.

"Where the hell do you think you are going?" 

Tapiwa didn't answer. Again, she was pleased with herself for picking a public place for this fiasco. Asher could be pissed and ready to throw a tantrum. But the tables full of people around them prevented that. 

Not wanting to give him a chance to follow her out or something, Tapiwa hurried out of the pizzeria, uncaring if she looked crazy. She just had to get out of there and put everything behind her. Now that her relationship with Asher was over, nothing was stopping her from doing just that.
###chapter 14
"Mr. Paterson?" 

Jadon lifted his gaze from the screen of his laptop and stared at his secretary, barely suppressing his irritation. He was certain he had told the woman he didn't want to be disturbed for the next hour while he reviewed the documents for the new market contract the city council was eager to sign.

Of course, that had only been part of the reason for his request to take no calls or see anyone. Jadon had been trying to avoid another call from his friends asking him if he had called the lady from the gym yet. Or worse, a call from Asher to talk about his girlfriend, who was apparently playing games for attention. Whatever that meant.

Jadon didn't want to think about Asher and his girlfriend playing games of any sort and he was tired of explaining to the two idiots he called friends that he wasn't interested in a woman who went to the gym for pictures. And with his phone conveniently off in his drawer, he knew the only way to get to him was through the main office phone. God, he hoped that wasn't the reason why his secretary was at his now open door.

Something told him, though, that he hadn't masked his emotions as well as he thought he had. His secretary, who was a good two decades older than him with salt and pepper hair tied back from her face in a no-nonsense bun and wearing a gray suit that made her look more like a high school principal than a secretary, shifted on her feet in a rare show of unease.  

Her reaction, however, made Jadon feel like a jerk in an instant. He respected Mrs. Sitta too much to cause her any discomfort. God knew he wouldn't be able to run the office without her. 

She had been kind to him when he took the position of CEO. When he had harbored every doubt in the universe that he would sink the company within a day. The older woman had simply chuckled softly and patted his arm, telling him he would do just fine. Not even his mother had ever taken the time to reassure him like that. The words had been simple, but they had meant the world to him.

Exhaling quietly, Jadon willed the tension in his shoulders to drain away as he emptied his lungs. Then he smiled at the woman still hovering at the threshold. "Yes, Mrs. Sitta, what can I do for you?"

A beat passed and then Mrs. Sitta seemed to visibly relax. She plastered on her face an apologetic smile. "I'm sorry to disturb you, Mr. Paterson. But there is a man on line three insisting on having a word with you. I explained that you asked not to be disturbed, but he said you would want to take his call."

Jadon arched a curious brow. "Did he give a name?"  

She shook her head no. "Unfortunately, he did not, sir. Not even when I threatened to end the call if he couldn't give his name or the purpose of his call. He just said it would be in your best interest to speak to him." Mrs. Sitta hesitated and then stood straighter and met Jadon's gaze with sharp eyes that never seemed to miss anything. "Maybe we should call the police. This doesn't sound right, sir."

Jadon had to agree. It didn't sound or feel right. But He thought about it for a beat and shook his head. "No. Let's hold off on that until we know what is going on. Patch the call through, please."

"Very well, sir." Mrs. Sitta didn't linger. In a heartbeat, she was gone and his heavy door closed again. Jadon threw his pen on the papers he had been reviewing, he barely had a minute to contemplate what the mysterious caller wanted before the phone on his desk rang. 

Well, there was only one way he would get answers. Jadon picked up the call. "Jadon Paterson speaking. I understand you wish to speak with me."

"Mr. Paterson," a deep male voice said with a touch of amusement evident in the tone. "I'm glad you made the right decision and took my call."

Jadon frowned. He already regretted his decision. "That is yet to be determined. What is this about?" he demanded, his patience slipping through his finger with every passing second. Especially when a derisive chuckle filled Jadon's ear. The crease between his brows deepened. A muscle ticked in his jaw as he ground his teeth together. Every cell in his body told him to just hang up. He didn't.

Thankfully, the caller stopped chuckling. "Tell me, Mr. Paterson How was the party the other night? Did you have a good time?"

Jadon's eyes widened. His breath caught in his chest for a few seconds before he consciously released it quietly. Calm. He had to be calm, he told himself. There was no point in panicking before he knew what he was dealing with. Jadon mustered his most indiferent tone. "What are you talking about?" 

Annoyingly, the man chuckled again. "Come on, Mr. Paterson. Don't play that game. She was very beautiful. Yes? A little out of it, but I think it's safe to say you had a good time. It certainly looked like it."

Jadon's thoughts span a mile a second. This man knew about the night at the party. And he knew more about it than Jadon. That alone put Jadon on guard. On instinct, his hand shot out and hovered over the button to end the call. But then the questions hit him. Why had the man called him? Jadon's eyes narrowed. Suddenly, he wished he had taken the call on his mobile so he could record it. Something told him things were about to get ugly.

"What is this about?" 

"Ah! I see why the old man made you CEO. You are a very smart man, Mr. Paterson," the caller said in a patronizing tone that made Jadon clench his free hand into a fist he wished he could throw into the caller's face.

"Tell me, Mr. CEO How will the board of directors take it if they found out you had sex with a barely conscious young woman at some wild drinking party? I can almost hear the words sexual assault being whispered in the air. Oh! That wouldn't do the company a lot of good. Would it? Your father would probably have a heart attack just hearing about it."

"I did not assault anyone."

"Hmm. That is debatable. I bet the young woman would say otherwise. Tell you what?" The man's tone suddenly changed to one of seriousness, and Jadon knew he was about to find out the reason the man had made the call in the first place. 

"In the next five minutes, an envelope will arrive at your office. Don't worry, it's not a bomb." He chuckled again. "Just take a look at my little gift and then you can decide how the police and the board will look at it. And while you are deciding I suggest you stop all negotiations on the Sunset estate deal."

Jadon's frown deepened. "What?" 

The caller huffed in impatience. "Pay attention, Mr. CEO. The Sunset estate contract. It won't be going through. Unless you want the police, the company board of directors, and the entire world to know what you did in that room. Do you know how much people like free porn? It will be everywhere before you can say your own name. Am I clear?"

"You are blackmailing me?" Jadon asked, even though it was obvious that was exactly what the man was doing. 

"Did I stutter?" the caller retorted with a snort, and then the line went dead. 

His jaw dropped. Jadon stared at the phone for a beat. Had that just happened? He blinked and then shook his head. What the hell? 

The knock at his door half a minute later snapped him out of his daze. He called out and Mrs. Sitta walked in but then stopped and gave him a concerned frown. "Are you okay, sir?"

No, he wasn't. He was still trying to figure out if the caller was joking or if someone was indeed blackmailing him with false accusations of sexual assault to sabotage a deal that would bring the company millions. "I'm fine. You have something for me?"

A beat passed. Mrs. Sitta pursed her lips as though to stop herself from saying more. Instead, she walked further into his large office, the thick carpet muffling the click of her low heels until she reached his large desk and placed a sealed brown envelope on it. 

"This just arrived by carrier. There is no name to indicate the sender, but it is addressed to you, sir."

Jadon stared at the envelope as though it was a poisonous snake that would launch at any second and bite him. Still, he forced a small smile for his secretary and told her everything was okay. 

Once he was alone, Jadon grabbed the handkerchief from his pocket and used it to hold the envelope in place as he used a letter opener to tear it open. He didn't want his fingerprints on it, just in case. Logic told him he should call the police, or building security to investigate the envelope first, but he couldn't hold back the need to know what the hell the caller thought he had on him.

A moment later, Jadon stared at the contents of the envelope. Pictures. Several of them, all blown up in A4 size. The first two pictures were of Jadon standing, leaning against a wall at the party. The boredom he had felt that night was evident on his face even in the frozen images.  

Jadon ground his teeth. He hadn't noticed anyone watching him that night. Much less taking pictures of him. He pushed the two pictures aside and stared at the next one. In an instant, Jadon's vision blurred and then it went red.
###chapter 15
The vibrations could be heard no matter how hard Tapiwa tried to ignore them. At times like these, she truly hated working in such a quiet place. She also realized that she should have put her phone on silent. Or better off, just turn the gadget off, but that hadn't worked yesterday. 

She'd missed a call from her father asking her to buy bread on her way home from the bakery. Coming up with lies to explain why her phone had been off hadn't been fun. She didn't want a repeat. Unfortunately, she knew the person currently calling wasn't her father but instead her reason for wanting the damn thing off.

Lucky for her, though, her boss wasn't around. Only Neo, her co-worker, was around. And right on cue, Neo walked around the corner, holding her backpack. Which explained why the vibrations had gotten louder with every passing second.

"Tapi, your phone is ringing." 

Tapiwa sighed inwardly. Damn, the guy even sounded so pleased with himself, as though he had done something great by bringing her bag to her. Left with no other choice, she took it with a forced smile and mumbled a 'Thank you'. What else could she do? 

Agitated, but forced to hold it together, she reached inside and grabbed the phone. Sure enough, it was another unknown number. Without an ounce of hesitation, Tapiwa rejected the call and quickly went to her settings and blocked the number.

She'd been doing that since she ran out on Asher at the mall. And in such a short time, her list of blocked numbers had expanded to eighteen. The first number to be blocked had been Asher's personal number, of course. But that hadn't stopped the man, not one bit. Within two hours, Tapiwa had come to the dreaded conclusion that Asher had access to several other numbers. It had only taken her answering calls from unknown numbers three times to realize it was a bad idea.

Tapiwa still couldn't believe this was happening to her. She didn't have much experience dating before Asher, but she hadn't imagined the man would turn into a psychopath.

"Tapi, is everything okay?"

Tapiwa was startled and took a step back. She hadn't realized Neo hadn't left. Of course, her reaction made Neo frown. He pressed his lips into a thin line. Then his eyes dropped on the phone she still held in her hand. 

"Do you need help with something?" he asked carefully. "Or someone?"

Yeah, that wouldn't go down well, Tapiwa thought. Not that she didn't think Neo could hold his own against Asher. On the contrary. 

At thirty-five, her co-worker was almost as tall as Asher, with a similar soft body and a little more padding around the middle from too much takeout and not enough walks. Neo wasn't bad-looking, more on the average end of the spectrum, according to Nicole. 

Nicole also thought Neo would look better if he got rid of the dreadlocks he kept. Tapiwa thought the style suited him. Especially when she took in the single loop he wore in his right ear, he, however, wasn't the kind of man she would take home to meet her parents. Hell, her father would probably chase him off with an axe. But he was alright. And a good friend.

Tapiwa thought she could really use a friend. "It's not a big deal," she started. Tapiwa shook her head and rubbed the back of her neck self-consciously, not meeting Neo's eyes. "I broke up with my boyfriend and he isn't taking it well." That was an understatement if ever there was one, but she didn't want to tell Neo how bad it was.

"Oh." Neo stepped closer and laid a hand on her shoulder, his brows drawn together in a deep frown. "I'm sorry for that. I thought you liked the guy?"

Something about the tone in Neo's voice made Tapiwa look up and study the man's face. Something flashed in his eyes, but it was gone too fast for her to be sure. Tapiwa shrugged. "I didn't know him for that long."

Neo smiled sympathetically. "Still, I'm sorry." His face grew serious, and he looked back down at the phone in her hand. "If he becomes too much of a bother, I don't mind taking care of it for you. The guy shouldn't become a pain in the ass just because you dumped him."

"I'm sure he will get bored and soon forget about me," Tapiwa hurriedly said. She didn't want Neo getting any ideas and trying to confront Asher on her behalf. "His ego was just bruised. That's all. You are a guy. I'm sure you can relate," she teased and bumped his arm with hers, trying to lighten the moment.

It worked. Neo chuckled and shook his head. "I actually can't relate. Sorry. I'm a man, not a boy. I believe in treating a woman I am interested in like a queen. And if, god forbid, things ended, I wouldn't want to make her miserable."

Tapiwa wasn't sure, but she had a feeling the conversation had taken on another, meaning she wasn't too keen to examine. She carefully took a step away from Neo toward the nearest table and busied her hands picking up the books some students had left open after their research an hour ago. 

"That's really nice," she said, not looking at Neo. "Any girl you date would be lucky."

"I hope so."

A strange, awkward silence fell. Which was kind of funny since they were in a library where silence was the norm. Tapiwa sorted the books and even went the extra mile to align them side by side on the table, readying them to be reshelved. 

Still, Neo didn't walk away. Oh god, please no, she cried inwardly. Tapiwa could almost catch the unspoken words so heavy in the air. They were screaming. She drew a deep breath, prepared to tell Neo she wasn't interested in another relationship. Not now and not in the near future. It was going to be one of those, 'it's me, it's not you' speeches. She mentally cringed. 

Just as Tapiwa turned and faced Neo, however, the front door opened and heavy footsteps echoed in the quiet library. Desperate to get away, Tapiwa flashed Neo a smile and hurried past him, out of the aisle, to attend to the newcomer. 

At that moment, she didn't care if the newcomer was someone lost asking for directions or the use of their bathrooms. Anything was better than having an awkward conversation with her co-worker. Well, not anything. Tapiwa hoped like hell it wasn't Asher. Still, she didn't slow her quick steps.

It took two turns around bookshelves before the front of the library came into view. When it did, Tapiwa stopped her forward momentum abruptly, as though some emergency brakes had been hit. 

She grabbed the nearest bookshelf and gaped at the man standing at the checkout desk. Ice particles trickled into her vein, freezing her blood when she met his eyes. Instantly, Tapiwa knew that the cat was out of the bag. Damn it!
###chapter 16
For a moment, no one moved, and then Jadon took a step towards Tapiwa. It was like watching a tornado heading toward her. Without consciously thinking about it, Tapiwa took a step back, nearly knocking into a table behind her. 

His reaction was instant. Jadon's frown deepened, but he stopped. Then, as though suddenly realizing where he was, Jadon took his eyes off Tapiwa and swept his studying gaze over the dim, stuffy library.

Of course, like a silly girl who didn't know any better, Tapiwa took advantage of Jadon's temporal distraction to satisfy her own curiosity shamelessly. Her eyes roamed greedily over the man she had hoped not to lay her eyes on again in this lifetime but was equally grateful she had. 

Damn, the man looked good enough to eat, Tapiwa mused and then immediately cringed. No. She didn't want to go there. Even after she'd spoken to Nicole, Tapiwa hadn't wanted to console herself with the fact that her first time had been with a handsome man. Unfortunately, her wandering mind had other ideas and wasn't done assessing the specimen that had stormed into her workplace.

Unlike the last time she had seen him at the restaurant, where he had on a pink shirt and no tie under his suit, today wasn't the case. Jadon looked as though he had dressed ready for a photo shoot for the front page of those magazines that featured tycoons. 

He wore a bespoke suit that looked like it cost more than she made in a year. The fit was perfect and was coupled with a black shirt and gray tie. Every piece of material seemed to have only one job: to make the man look powerful and intimidating. Not that he needed any help in that department.

Tapiwa swallowed. It was hard to imagine that this was the man she had woken up next to naked. The man who had taken her virginity. Something she still couldn't remember and wasn't sure if that was a good thing or not.

As though sensing her eyes on him, Jadon whipped his head back her way and their gazes met once more. The ice cold was still there, and it carried into his sharp voice. "When were you going to tell me?"

Tapiwa blinked at the question. "Tell you what?"

Jadon lifted a single brow. Then, like a predator closing in on a prey, the man stepped closer. His hand went under his jacket then and retrieved a folded large envelope. Tapiwa watched, her breath caught in her throat, as he opened the envelope, removed a single large photograph, and showed her.

A gasp escaped her the moment she realized what she was looking at. It was a picture of her and Jadon naked in bed on the night of the party. Tapiwa squeezed her eyes shut and shook her head, but the image was already burned into her mind. 

She could still see how Jadon's body was positioned over hers, his left hand stretched out, fingers intertwined with her right hand over her head. Her face had been turned toward the camera and Tapiwa had seen not horror but pleasure in the way her eyes had been half-closed and her lips parted. 

Jadon's face hadn't been fully visible with half of it buried in her neck, but there was no doubt it was him. There was also no doubt about what had been happening in the lower regions of their bodies. Her legs had practically been wrapped around his waist.

"Look at it," Jadon demanded. 

Tapiwa shook her head again. No. She didn't want to. Unfortunately, Jadon hadn't planned to play nice. In a heartbeat, he was in her personal space. He then gripped her jaw and tilted her head up. Tapiwa still wouldn't open her eyes. 

If she had the brainpower to feel embarrassment, Tapiwa thought she would probably collapse from it. Maybe that wasn't such a bad idea and when she woke up, she would realize it had all been a bad dream. Yeah, that wouldn't happen. Tapiwa knew this reality wasn't going away, just like the man who held her firmly and demanded her attention.

"Open your damn eyes and look at me," he hissed. His grip tightened just a fraction, and Tapiwa almost whimpered. "You will look at me and tell me how this happened." 

Against her better judgment, Tapiwa's eyes snapped open instantly. She blinked and then stared at Jadon in confusion. "How this happened?" 

"Yes. What did you put in my drink? Who were you working with? Is that the man now trying to blackmail me?"

The questions came at her in rapid fire and all Tapiwa could do for half a minute was just stare at the man. If not for his hold on her jaw, Tapiwa thought it would have hit the floor in shock. But then she snapped out of it and jerked her head hard enough to break the hold. 

Tapiwa took a step to the side and then walked around Jadon and kept moving until there was a whole table between them. Only then did she fold her arms over her chest and glare at him. Her skin still tingled where his fingers had pressed. She felt branded and a little scared, but she wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of showing it. Especially not when he was throwing such ridiculous accusations around. "Are you suggesting I orchestrated all this?"

Without missing a beat, Jadon slapped the picture on the table and braced his palms on either side of it before he leaned forward. He still wasn't in her face, although it seemed not to matter. Tapiwa shuddered. The man was both intimidating and offensively good-looking. He looked like the sort of man who attracted women to him like bees to honey, only to chew and spit them out without a second thought. 

"Are you saying you didn't?" Jadon demanded. "You conveniently dated my brother until that happened." He stabbed a finger at the picture. "Then you dumped him and I have someone blackmailing me because I somehow ended up in bed with you."

Tapiwa shook her head. "Are you insane? Do I really look like the kind to plan out such elaborate schemes? For all I know, this was all your doing. Because I can't remember anything about that night!" 

Jadon leaned back, the crease between his brows deepening. "If you are trying to sell that you had nothing to do with all this, I'm not buying it."

"Do I look like I care what you buy? I had nothing to do with this. For heaven's sake, I was a v-" Tapiwa cut herself off and bit her tongue before the word burst out of her mouth. No. There was no way in hell she was going to tell the arrogant bastard that she had been a virgin. Suddenly, that felt like one humiliation too many.  

"You were what?"

"Never mind." Tapiwa shook her head. Her eyes fell back down on the picture still held in place by Jadon's finger jabbed at the center. God, she felt her insides twist with mortification. Someone knew what they had done and had taken pictures of them. Just when she had thought she could put it all behind her and move on, this happened. "How did you get the picture?" she heard herself ask.

Jadon blinked. His eyes snapped down at the picture as though he had forgotten about it. After a beat, he lifted his finger off and clenched his hand into a fist before he suddenly picked the picture up like he couldn't bear to look at it either and shoved it back into its envelope. 

Tapiwa thanked every angel in the heavens that Jadon had put the picture away because barely half a minute late, Neo stepped into view and came to stand next to Tapiwa, a concerned frown fixed on his brows. If Neo had seen the picture, Tapiwa thought she would have died of humiliation. 

"Tapi, are you okay?" Neo asked even as he shot Jadon with a reproachful glare. 

Jadon wasn't fazed, of course. He returned Neo's glare even as he put the folded envelope back into the inner pocket of his jacket. Instead, he escalated the situation by allowing his aggression to leak into his voice. "I am having a private conversation with Tapiwa. Do you mind giving us some privacy?"

"Actually, I do mind, and I think you should leave. Right now," Neo fired back before he placed a proprietary hand on Tapiwa's lower back. She stiffened but didn't move away from the touch. Neo had never been that familiar with her before, and it felt weird. Unlike Jadon's touch, which had made her skin tingle and almost enticed her to lean into it, Neo's touch made her want to take a hot shower to wash it off.

Or perhaps she just wanted to wash off all the testosterone that saturated the air as both men refused to back down.

"And who might you be? Do you speak for Tapiwa?" Jadon challenged.

Before Neo could respond, Tapiwa jumped in already sensing the exchange of punches hovering on the horizon when Neo's hand flexed against her back. "I think Neo is right, Jadon. You should leave." Tapiwa forced herself to meet his gaze and hold it, just so he knew how serious she was about her request.

Jadon wasn't pleased, of course. His jaw clenched and his eyes narrowed. He looked from Tapiwa to Neo and back again. "Who is he? Is he your partner? The one who made the call?"

"What call?" Neo demanded.

"I told you," Tapiwa cut in. "I don't know what you are talking about. Now just leave. Please."

Tapiwa wasn't sure if it was the small plea she'd tagged on the end of her request that finally got through to the man. Whatever it was, she was just grateful for it when Jadon gave her one last glance and then turned and stormed out of the library.

"Are you okay?" Neo asked just as his hand began to make smoothing circles on her back. 

"Yeah. Thanks." Tapiwa stepped out of reach to the side and wrapped her arms around herself.

Something like disappointment flashed in Neo's eyes before he gave her a tight smile. "Anytime. Who was that man, anyway? I would have handed his ass to him and thrown him out if he tried anything."

Yeah, Tapiwa didn't think that would have ended how Neo played it out in his head. Thank god it hadn't gotten to that. But that wasn't what she wanted to think about at this moment. Tapiwa's mind was still whirling from the fact that Jadon knew they had slept together and had the evidence.

Evidence that had supposedly been sent to him by a blackmailer? What the hell? Was it even possible, or had Jadon just made that up? Tapiwa frowned and stared at the now-empty front door. The man thought she had set everything up. It didn't make sense. None of it made sense, she mused. So now what? What did that mean for her? Tapiwa was almost too scared to find out the answer to that question.
###chapter 17
Jadon had always thought he had mastered the art of patience rather well. After all, with a mother like his, he'd had to learn early on in life to just shut up and wait for things to happen. Whether they happened in his favor or not had always been the gamble, though.

Unfortunately for Jadon, the same gamble seemed to stare him in the face once more. But this time, he wasn't betting on his mother, hoping things played out in his favor. This time Tapiwa held the cards. Needless to say, he didn't like it.

"Where is she?"

Jadon drummed his fingers against the steering wheel in an agitated beat. It was the only sound that broke the silence in the car next to his heavy breaths.

Of course, he had walked out of the library when Tapiwa asked him to leave. But he had only done that because he hadn't wanted to discuss their situation in front of her colleague. Or was it her partner in crime? He wasn't sure.

Whoever the man was, though, there had been no doubt he was very familiar with Tapiwa and the closeness he had displayed had hiked up Jadon's temper to threatening levels. 

That's why he had walked out of the building. Before he found himself punching the man to a pulp. The only thing such a reckless action would result in was him in a police cell, explaining himself. Then he would have to face his father. The entire truth of the matter would come to light and he just shuddered at the ripple effects that bomb would bring to his life.

His fingers flexed and then curled into fists before he went back to tapping the stitched leather. Damn it! He needed to calm down and think rationally, or he would never get to the bottom of the problem. He had a blackmailer and possibly a stalker on his heels for crying out loud. He couldn't afford a hot head. Jadon closed his eyes for a moment and just breathed in and out through his nose. 

He still couldn't believe he had slept with Tapiwa. If he hadn't woken up that morning with the clear knowledge that he'd had sex, he would have thought the pictures were manipulated and false. He almost wished he could still claim that.

But he had known someone had been in that bed with him and he'd had countless fuzzy dreams of a faceless woman moaning under him. Shit! Jadon rubbed at his face and then pressed his thumb and finger against his closed eyes. 

There was no way he was going to get calm. Not anytime soon. He opened his eyes then and stared at the old building, only to realize that didn't matter. His time was up.

Releasing an even calculated breath between his clenched teeth, he sat up straight as he watched Tapiwa walk out of the Library with her backpack loosely hanging from her shoulder. 

As soon as she was in the open, the warm afternoon sun fell on her like a beam of light, determined to highlight the woman's beauty. Jadon realized he hadn't really studied the woman before now. Or rather, he had avoided doing so since he had known she was his brother's girlfriend. 

Of course, he hadn't missed how beautiful she was at the restaurant, but he hadn't taken in how shapely her legs were. At five foot five and a medium build, Tapiwa had mouthwatering curves he now wished he remembered touching. 

Watching her walk out of the fence that surrounded the little library, Jadon was almost amused at the calm, relaxed state in which she walked toward the main road. The woman had no idea he was there. She didn't even seem to have been rattled by their little confrontation earlier.

Maybe that was because she stupidly believed he would just leave and drop the matter. Tapiwa didn't know he had stuck around for more than four hours, waiting for her to get off work. But he had. Because, whether she liked it or not, they were going to have a talk and she was going to tell him the truth.

After making sure the interfering male from before hadn't followed her out, Jadon quickly started his engine and threw the vehicle into drive. Within two minutes, he pulled up next to Tapiwa, blocking her path before she could reach the sidewalk. 

Unsurprisingly, Tapiwa was startled. She let out a choked scream, took a step back, and pressed a hand to her chest. But then, her eyes darted from side to side and Jadon knew she would run. Jadon had no inclination to chase her down a busy road.

Thinking fast, he engaged his hand brake and then jumped out of his car. In no time, he was standing in front of the woman, but he didn't grab her for the simple fact that she looked about to scream again. So, he spoke instead. "We need to talk."

Tapiwa took a step back and glared at him. "You!" She looked around as though she was expecting someone else to jump out of hiding and corner her. Or maybe rescue her. Unfortunately for her, no one was there so she was forced to face him again. "We have already talked. There is nothing more to say."

"I don't agree."

Apprehension flashed in Tapiwa's eyes. Her gaze once more darted left and then right before she met his again. She looked like a long-tailed cat locked in a room full of rocking chairs. Her nervousness was so palpable he could feel it. 

Without bothering to pretend she was doing anything other than running, Tapiwa took another small step back. Both her arms came up and crossed over her chest like a shield. "Well That sounds like a-You-problem. It has nothing to do with me. Please leave me alone."

Jadon scoffed, unable to hold back his amusement, regardless of how pissed he felt. "I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news, Tapiwa. But this isn't a-Me-problem. There were two of us in that bed, remember?" He waved a finger in the space between them. "This is our problem."

"No," Tapiwa suddenly snapped, finally showing him a little more of her backbone instead of the scared mouse she had been portraying. "I don't remember anything about that night and frankly speaking, I'm glad and would like to just put it all behind me. Now If you will excuse me?"
###chapter 18
To Jadon's growing fascination, the woman actually dared to walk around him and the car and resume her trek home. Yeah, Jadon wasn't letting that happen. Before she could get more than three steps away from him, he grabbed her waist and lifted her off her feet.

"What! Put me down!" Tapiwa screeched, her arms immediately flailing.

Jadon ignored her. Instead, he shifted her to his side so he could pin her to him with one arm while his free hand opened the passenger door. Like wrestling a slippery puppy, Jadon then maneuvered her into the seat. He received an elbow to the chest for his troubles, making him grunt, but Jadon didn't back down.

Thankfully, soon enough, he had her buckled in with her seat belt secured. Jadon then quickly stepped back and closed the door, but not before flipping the child lock on the door. By the time he picked up the backpack that had dropped, rounded the vehicle, and got behind the steering wheel, Tapiwa had removed the seatbelt and was attempting to climb between the two front seats to get into the back to access another door.

With a groan of frustration, Jadon grabbed her and forced her back into her seat before throwing her bag into the backseat. He then started the vehicle and drove off, effectively preventing any more escape attempts unless Tapiwa planned to jump out of a moving vehicle.

"This is kidnapping!" Tapiwa spat.

Jadon shot the disheveled woman a look. She was glaring at him with her arms crossed over her chest. She also hadn't re-secured her seat belt and was half-turned in her seat to face him. "I told you we need to talk," he answered calmly. "Now put on your seat belt."

She ignored his request. "So you kidnapped me? That's a crime!"

"I didn't kidnap you," Jadon corrected evenly. "I will let you go just as soon as we are done talking. You could have avoided all this by just agreeing to talk to me."

Tapiwa snarled. "Fine! Talk!"

"Seat belt."

"What? You suddenly care about me getting injured?" she challenged. 

"There is no 'suddenly' about it. We have never known each other for me to care about you or for you to claim otherwise. Just put the damn seat belt on."

She didn't. 

Jadon huffed. He checked the road and saw that they were approaching a mall. Figuring they were better off having this conversation in a stationary vehicle, he took the exit and parked in one of the slots furthest from the usual mall traffic. 

For a long minute, he didn't say anything and Tapiwa only glared at him. He had half expected she would start banging on the windows and calling for help as soon as he entered the car park, but she seemed content to just wish him a gruesome death with her eyes. 

Jadon shook his head and loosened his tie. Not for the first time, he felt as though he was being choked. Physically and mentally. "Let's just talk so we can both be on our way. I want to be here just as much as you do."

"I don't want to be here."

Jadon nodded. "Exactly my point. So don't waste my time. Tell me how you got me in bed with you. Who are you working with?"

For a beat, Tapiwa only blinked at him. Then she spoke and venom dripped from every word. "Are you deaf? I already told you I had nothing to do with it. I don't know how I ended up in bed with you and I am not working with anyone."

"And I'm just supposed to believe that we randomly just fell in bed together, had sex, conveniently forgot about it, and then some other random guy just happened to have the pictures and is now blackmailing me?"

Throwing her hands up in the air between them, Tapiwa shrugged. "That's one version. The other is that you drugged me and took advantage of me. And now your accomplice is blackmailing you to keep the secret."

Jadon looked at her as though she had grown a second head. "How is that version even possible?" He removed the envelope and threw it between them on the center console. "Until I received those pictures, I didn't even know I had slept with you! I certainly hadn't taken advantage of you." Jadon felt his stomach twist at the very idea, and he was reminded that the blackmailer was claiming the same thing.

"How are you sure?" Tapiwa asked, her voice suddenly shook as her eyes fell on the envelope. "If neither of us claim to know what happened, who's saying you didn't raHurt me?"

The word she avoided to say hung in the air like a ticking timebomb. Jadon ground his teeth together. He had to ask. "Was there any evidence that I Hurt you?"

Slowly, Tapiwa raised her eyes and met his. She seemed to consider her words for a long beat before she spoke. "And if I say yes, would that make you more willing to forget that night ever happened? Because that is exactly what I want to do. I want to forget it and never be reminded of it for the rest of my life."

For some inexplicable reason, her words hurt Jadon. He felt them like a punch to the gut. Hearing that he had hurt her should have been worse but this was. Which didn't make any sense. He should want the same thing, but hearing Tapiwa so desperate to forget the experience angered him. Before he could question himself or his emotions, which he had no desire to analyze right then or ever for that matter, Jadon unlocked his door and jumped out of the vehicle.

"Hey!" Tapiwa called out.

Jadon ignored her. He walked around the hood until he was on her side. Without preamble, he yanked the back door open, retrieved her backpack, and then opened her door and shoved it at her none too gently. "Get out and go home."
###chapter 19
"Tapiwa, where have you been?" her mother asked as soon as she stepped through the front door. 

Tapiwa froze, trepidation clawed its fingers around her neck, and threatened to cut out her airway. She gulped and stared at her mother, trying to read her face. Was Miranda angry? Disappointed? Did she know about Jadon? Oh god, please no. 

The walls suddenly felt as though they were closing in on Tapiwa. She didn't move even though every cell in her body screamed for her to run and hide. Meanwhile. confused by Tapiwa's stillness and silence, Miranda frowned. She stepped closer, wiping her hands on a kitchen towel. "Are you okay?"

The question and concern heavy on her mother's features snapped Tapiwa out of her haze of dread. Quickly, she realized Miranda wasn't pissed. That could only mean the woman didn't know. Tapiwa's shoulders sagged. Relief washed over her like cool water. She nodded, managing a small smile. "Yes. I'm fine, Mom. Just a little tired."

Miranda immediately relaxed and smiled wide. "Of course. Well, I bet the surprise waiting for you in the living room will bring the energy right back."

"Surprise?" Tapiwa's nerves went back on high alert. Her eyes darted to the door that led to the living room, certain she didn't want to find out what it was.

Of course, her mother didn't notice her instant hesitation. Or she chose to ignore it. Either way, the older woman beamed and gestured enthusiastically for Tapiwa to get in there. "Come on. He has been waiting for over an hour," she said.

He? For a split second, Tapiwa wondered if it might be Jadon. But then she remembered that she had stepped out of his car only half an hour ago. And when she had walked away from the mall, he had still been parked there, glaring at her through the windshield. 

Furthermore, now that she gave it a little more thought, she doubted her mother would be so enthusiastic about Jadon. No. There was only one man that her mother gushed over like a teenager with a crush. Asher. 

Tapiwa almost didn't walk into the living room. Truth be told, if her mother hadn't been right behind her, she might have turned on her heels and ran. As it turned out, her escape route was blocked and she had no choice but to walk into the living where she found Asher, dressed in a suit, seated in her father's favorite one-seater with his left leg raised, ankle resting on his right knee. He looked like he owned the place instead of a guest.

"I will leave you two to talk," Miranda helpfully informed them, the smile still very much present on her face. Then she was gone. Not good, Tapiwa immediately thought.

She hadn't thought this day could get any worse. She had been wrong. Standing in front of Asher while she still felt the ghost imprint of Jadon's hands on her and the faint smell of his cologne clinging to her senses was unnerving, to say the least. Not to mention, the knowledge that there were pictures of her and Jadon in the hands of a blackmailer somewhere. It was all enough to make her break out in a sweat and pass out. Thankfully, anger was right there battling the emotion. It was enough to keep her thoughts in order.  

But before Tapiwa could demand to know what the man was doing there, Asher lowered his leg. He then bent down and picked up a small, black gift bag and a large bouquet of red roses that had apparently been waiting on the carpet, hidden by the small coffee table. Then, his face void of any emotion, he stood and stepped forward, extending both toward her like an offering. 

"These are for you, Tapiwa," he said evenly as though that hadn't been blatantly clear in his actions. 

Tapiwa didn't take them. She curled her hands into fists at her sides. Unease ran down her spine making her legs twitch. She was ready to take off and dash out of the room. "What is this?" she croaked, refusing to meet his eyes.

"I'm apologizing for my actions."

She nearly scoffed. Apologizing? Was the guy high? Tapiwa hadn't had any experience with apologies in a relationship, but she was certain they were never carried out this cold. She shook her head. "No. There is no need."

"I lost my temper the last time we spoke and for that, I apologize," Asher insisted. 

"Asher" Tapiwa glanced over her shoulder, making sure they were still alone. They were. She then looked at her ex-boyfriend, hoping he didn't give her a repeat of their breakup in the pizzeria. "I meant what I said. I can't continue with this relationship. I'm sorry. So please just take your flowers and gift and leave. There is nothing to apologize for."

Asher blinked but the blank expression on his face didn't change. The hairs on the back of Tapiwa's neck tingled. She shifted her weight from foot to foot. A long silence stretched as the man only stared at her. Tapiwa didn't know what to do. Suddenly the version of him angry and insulting was far much better than the unusual calm he was displaying. This felt like she was talking to a feral dog that was only asleep. What happened when it woke up?

"Asher?" she tried when she couldn't take it anymore.

The tiniest twitch appeared in his jaw. Asher exhaled heavily. Then, still not saying a word, he looked down at his cuffs and adjusted them before brushing an invisible speck of dirt off the lapel of his jacket. When his eyes met hers again, nothing had changed. 

He took a step toward her. "I really don't like these games, Tapiwa. But I understand you are a woman and you just want to see how far I can chase you."

"That's not-"

"I will let you play your games, Tapiwa. But there really is no need. You know how much I want you."

"I'm not playing any games, Asher," Tapiwa gritted out, her anger spiking. God, the man was refusing to listen. It was like talking to a brick wall. "We are done."

Asher's lips twitched and curved up into a smile. It wasn't pretty. "No. We are not." 

Tapiwa gulped. The urge to run hit her again. Something was very wrong with Asher and she didn't want to find out what it was. She took a step back, away from him. But just then, her mother stepped back into the living room, a frown fixed between her brows. 

"What is going on here?" Miranda demanded, her gaze darting between Tapiwa and Asher.

Asher regarded Tapiwa for a long second and then he looked at her mother and the ice disappeared from his eyes like a switch had been flipped. "Nothing, Mrs. Mvula. Just a little disagreement between love birds. Your daughter is just slow to forgive."

"Oh." Miranda shot Tapiwa a disapproving look. "Really, Tapiwa, the man came over and brought you such lovely flowers and a gift. Whatever he did can't be that bad you can't forgive him."

Tapiwa glared at Asher, who stared back calmly as though he hadn't lied to her mother. She gritted her teeth. Fuck it! "That's not true, Mom. I ended things with Asher days ago but he won't accept my decision."

A gasp filled the room. Miranda covered her mouth with her hand before she lowered it and asked in a horrified tone, "You ended things?"

"Yes," Tapiwa confirmed, her back straight even though she wanted the ground to swallow her whole. 

Miranda looked between Tapiwa and Asher again. "But why?"

"I just-"

"She was just angry at me for not giving her some attention at the party," Asher cut in. 

"That's not it!" Tapiwa hissed, wishing she could slap the bastard for putting her in that situation. 

As though sensing Tapiwa's intentions, Miranda suddenly stepped forward her hands raised. She looked at Asher. "Okay. How about you leave, for now, Asher? I will have a word with my daughter and get to the bottom of this."

Tapiwa wanted to scream. There was nothing to get to the bottom of. Why couldn't they just accept that she wanted out of the relationship without a fuss? They had only been dating for a couple of months. It hadn't been a marriage for crying out loud. But no, they were determined to make a mountain out of it.

As though to prove Tapiwa's point, Asher turned and faced her mother, his voice earnest. "Please talk to her. I really like your daughter and it would break me to just lose her when we haven't even had a chance to see where we were headed."

Oh! Tapiwa groaned inwardly. Somebody, please shoot her.
###chapter 20
Tapiwa's face was flushed, her eyes half open, and her swollen, wet lips parted. Her small, pink tongue sneaked out and licked her bottom lip slowly. Soft erotic sounds spilled out of her even as she threw her head back and arched her back.  

Everything was both so clear and yet wrapped in a haze that muffled every sound and sensation. It was driving Jadon crazy. Desperate for more, as though he knew if he blinked it would all go away, he kept his eyes on her, studying every curve of her body. Every mark.

The rest of him had a mind of its own, though. Chasing for pleasure, his hips drew back, parting their bodies for precious seconds before he thrust back into her with enough force to make her breasts bounce. She cried out. He knew she had from the way her lips parted and her neck extended. But again, he barely heard it. 

It was as though the sounds were traveling through a thick solid wall or a large body of water before they reached him. He couldn't understand it just as he couldn't understand why he couldn't feel her tight, hot, wet body wrapped around his hard cock. 

He touched her. He watched his fingers wrap around her left, full breast and squeeze, needing to feel something real. The sensation wasn't there. It was as though he was watching the hand of another person do the action.

Frustration coursed through him. Jadon groaned and moved faster. Still, he couldn't feel her. That meant he couldn't satisfy his need and find his release. His body felt wound so tight his skin tingled and his muscles ached.

But just when he thought he would go crazy from chasing the unattainable, the sound of fists banging at his front door tore through his haze and Jadon sat up in bed so fast his head span. 

Breathing hard and disoriented, Jadon closed his eyes for a moment and tried to gather himself. When he opened his eyes again, it took him a second, but then he realized he was in his bed at home. He easily recognized the art on the wall and the furnishings around the room, all of which were bathed in bright sunlight that hurt his eyes. A quick glance at the bedside digital watch told him it was eight in the morning.

Eight! Jadon's eyebrows went up to meet his hairline. He couldn't remember the last time he had slept in until eight. He also couldn't remember the last time he woke up so hard his cock literally hurt and pulsed along with the pounding in his skull. The sheets were also tangled around his legs as though he had fought with them all night. Which would have explained why his body was drenched in sweat. 

Then it all came back to him. The dream, Tapiwa, the blackmail, and the bottle of Johnnie Walker he had consumed last night to help him find sleep. Well, at least the alcohol had done its job, he mused as he extracted his legs from the sheets.

Another set of banging at his front door made him pause before he realized that the knocking was what had woken him up in the first place. Groaning, he stood up and made his way to the bathroom instead of the front door.

Whoever was banging on his door got impatient and gave the solid wood a run for its money but Jadon took his time emptying his bladder and brushing his teeth. By the time he got to the door, the person on the other side had gotten vocal, effectively killing the mystery of who was at his door.

"Jadon! Seriously, man. I will break down this damn door if you don't open it right fucking now!" Kaelo shouted.

Frowning, Jadon unlocked the door and threw it open, shocked to find both Kaelo and Ezra standing on his doorstep. "Where's the fire?"

"Are you kidding?" Ezra bellowed before he shouldered his way into Jadon's house as though he owned the place and then headed straight for the kitchen carrying shopping bags in both hands. 

Jadon glared at the disappearing back of his friend and then turned his focus back on Kaelo. "Explain." All Jadon could think about was his need for some strong coffee, painkillers, and some water, and not exactly in that order. He didn't have the brain power to figure out why his friends were acting like a couple of dumped chicks looking for drama.

Seemingly not in a hurry to offer an explanation, Kaelo huffed and walked into the house, forcing Jadon to step back and give him room. Once the door was shut, he folded his arms over his chest. "We haven't been able to reach you since yesterday." 

"Did I miss something we had planned?" Jadon asked, still confused and trying to piece together how his day had ended after his disastrous talk with Tapiwa in his car. Not much came to mind except somehow finding his way home and then locating the Johnnie Walker he'd kept in his kitchen.

Something must have shown on his face because concern immediately wrote itself all over Kaelo's features. His friend's eyes narrowed and he dropped his arms before taking a step forward. "What happened?"

Jadon shook his head, still feeling confused. "You are the one who barged in here saying I couldn't be reached. What is going on?"

"Dude got drunk and passed out. That's what happened," Ezra said, walking back out of the kitchen holding the almost empty bottle of Johnnie Walker in his hand. 

Kaelo frowned at the bottle and then Jadon. "So you turned off your phone because you wanted to drink?"

"What? I didn't turn off my phone." 

Still staring at him as though he had lost his mind. Kaelo produced his phone from his jeans pocket and dialed Jadon's number before setting the speaker on loud. Almost immediately, an automated female voice came on and informed them that the subscriber called either had their phone switched off or was outside the coverage area.

An eyebrow arched in question, Kaelo cut the call and lowered his phone. "Well?"

"I don't even know where my phone is," Jadon confessed even as he looked around his foyer as though he expected it to be right there next to his discarded shoes on the floor. 

Ezra whistled. "It was that kind of day?"

"Why didn't you call us?" Kaelo sounded almost hurt. "You sound like you needed a bro's night out not a drunk party of one."

"It really wasn't like that," Jadon argued even though it had been like that. 

After his talk with Tapiwa, Jadon couldn't think straight. He couldn't wrap his head around the fact that he had slept with his brother's girlfriend and was now getting blackmailed for it. Jadon wasn't a prude by any means but knowing he had gone where his brother had been just made him feel wrong among other things.

It hadn't helped that he undeniably felt attracted to the woman despite everything. But then she had told him bluntly that all she wanted was to forget anything that ever happened between them like a nightmare forgotten at daybreak. And it angered him. He seriously needed his head checked because it all made no sense even in his own thoughts.

But did he want to share all that with his friends so early in the morning while he still felt the effect of his ill-advised supper last night? No. Puffing out a long breath of air, Jadon shook his head. He waved a dismissive hand in the air. "It was just something at work. I will sort it out." It wasn't entirely a lie.

A beat passed, and then Ezra shared a look with Kaelo and shrugged. "So long you know you can come to us if you need anything." 

"Of course."

"Well. Okay," Kaelo said reluctantly as he moved past Jadon and made his way to the kitchen. "Anyway, we brought steaks, potatoes, and beer. We are watching the game here today." 

Jadon followed after his friend with a snort. "Gee, thanks for letting me know."

Kaelo shot him an unimpressed look over his shoulder. "You are welcome. Now, find your phone. I doubt we are the only people looking for you."

"Yeah," Ezra chipped in as he walked over to the grocery bags and began to remove all the purchases. "I bet your brother is looking for you, too." 

Pausing at the fridge where he had gone to retrieve a bottle of water, Jadon turned to stare at his friend. "Asher? What for?" His gut twisted.

Ezra grabbed a bowl from a cabinet under the island and dumped the potatoes in it before he answered. "I saw him yesterday buying a large bouquet of roses. He also had an expensive-looking gift bag. He said he was going over to woo his girlfriend. Wanted to know if I had heard from you. Apparently, he wanted some advice." 

"You should have told him his brother knows nothing about wooing a woman," Kaelo teased. 

"Oh, I did." Ezra laughed. "I told him he would have better luck getting some tips from a priest."

For the next five minutes, Jadon listened to his friends' banter and teasing with half an ear. His brain had shortcircuited when Ezra mentioned Asher had been on his way to woo Tapiwa with flowers and a gift. The thought made him sick to his stomach more than the fear that his brother knew about the party night.

What was wrong with him? Jadon should have been more concerned about the blackmail and the secret he didn't want to leak to the public, instead, he felt his anger flare at the image in his head of Asher presenting flowers to Tapiwa.

Tapiwa had ended things, but it was obvious Asher wasn't done trying to win her back. Jadon clenched his hands into fists at his sides. Would Asher actually succeed in his plans and get Tapiwa back? It shouldn't have been Jadon's place to care. She had been with Asher first and whatever had happened between them had been a mistake or someone's sick idea of a joke. So, in fact, there was nothing between them. 

Still, Jadon couldn't shake off how possessive he felt. He didn't want Asher anywhere near Tapiwa.
###chapter 21
She was being punished, Tapiwa thought as she fought to keep her eyes open. That wasn't an easy task when she had barely slept the night before. Who was she kidding? She hadn't had a good night's sleep in weeks. Not since the party and it was taking a toll on her both mentally and physically.

But then again, Tapiwa thought she could blame her current inability to keep her eyes open on the old pastor standing at the pulpit. He had the kind of voice that would put even the most energetic person to sleep. She should know, after all, she had known the man for as long as she was alive. 

Going to church every Sunday morning was a tradition in her family that had been upheld regardless of the season outside, the health status of anyone in the house, or even a possible car malfunction.

Allen Mvula was the sort of man who would drag his family through the worst storm on foot for an early Sunday service. The church loved his dedication of course; his kids, not so much. But they never voiced their opinion on the matter. Just as they never argued with the sitting arrangements.

As a more traditional church, it was housed in a small building, just big enough to fit five hundred congregants. At the very front of the long rectangular space was the pulpit which also accommodated the uniformed choir of ten. The rest of the space was divided into two sections filled with rows of faded white pews for the churchgoers. 

For over two decades, Tapiwa's father always insisted they sit in the left section, right next to the wall. Her parents sat in the second row from the front, since the first row was reserved for the church elders. Tapiwa and her siblings occupied the row immediately after. 

The sitting arrangement saved Tapiwa from her parents noticing she was dozing, but it was never a nice thing to have to stare at the back of her father's head for three hours every time she looked up. It was either that or staring at the wall which was right next to her because life was so unfair her seat couldn't even be next to a window. Also, the wall was unfortunately not close enough for her to lean against it and make it her pillow. Not that she would have dared.

Tapiwa did a slow blink and widened her eyes. Damn, it wasn't working. She needed sleep. Even for just five minutes. Needing to know what time it was, Tapiwa subtly removed her phone from her jacket pocket. She used her notebook to keep it out of sight and then glanced at the screen. Damn. Only an hour and a half had passed since the service started. She almost groaned but quickly swallowed it down.

Maybe she was really being punished by God for dozing one too many times during a service and had she given her tithe last month? Tapiwa mused. She didn't want to think God would use the situation with Asher and Jadon as a punishment, but it really felt as though some higher power was working tirelessly to show her the error of her ways.

Sighing in resignation, her finger moved to lock the screen of her phone and return it to her pocket when she noticed she had a new message from an unknown number.

Tapiwa immediately looked up at the pastor explaining the meaning of a passage he had just read. She shouldn't. She was in church and it wasn't the time to be checking her phone. It wasn't right and she would probably get caught. No, she wouldn't check. Tapiwa clicked the screen off. 

Her resolve lasted less than a minute. With a quick glance to make sure her brother, who was right next to her, wasn't paying attention to her, Tapiwa unlocked her phone again and opened the message.

Unknown: Are you still dating Asher?

Tapiwa frowned even as her heart skipped a beat. That hadn't been what she expected, although truthfully, she hadn't known what to expect and had only been searching for a distraction. Still, she was puzzled by the message. She bit her lip and thought for a second then typed out her response.

Tapiwa: Who is this?  

She hadn't expected the reply to be immediate since the first message had been delivered over an hour ago but it seemed the person had been waiting for her to respond because their answer was back before she could even think of putting the phone away.

Unknown: Jadon Paterson. Answer the question.

This time, her heart didn't skip a beat, it slammed against her ribcage as though it was attempting to jump out of her chest. Tapiwa barely suppressed the gasp of shock, still very conscious of where she was. But her mind was whirling. Jadon was texting her. Why? How had he even gotten her number? Against her better judgment, she answered his question.

Tapiwa: I'm not dating your brother. You already know I ended things with him.

Jadon: I know he came to see you again. He bought you flowers and a gift.

Tapiwa: And you just assumed I was easily bought?

Jadon: I assumed nothing. Hence my question.

For some reason, Tapiwa didn't believe him. She glared at her phone. He thought she would get back with Asher just because he'd bought her some flowers and a necklace. The same way he'd thought her capable of working with a blackmailer and plotting their night together. 

She was about to tell him where he could go and shove his assumptions of her when Lute suddenly leaned into her space close to her ear, voice low. "Put your phone away, Tapi. You know better."

Bristling at the rebuking tone in her brother's voice, Tapiwa turned her glare on him. She opened her mouth to tell him to mind his own business, but then an idea slipped into her mind and she was standing before she thought better of it.
###chapter 22
To anyone watching, Tapiwa probably looked as though she was headed for the bathrooms as she walked along the wall and made her way to the back of the church where the entrance opened up into a large corridor. Good. She didn't want anyone guessing her intentions. Especially not her brother.

Out of the main hall, two doors led outside on either end of the corridor just passed the offices on her left and the bathrooms on her right. Directly opposite the main hall, lining up the entire wall was a row of Sunday school classes for the children. 

Ignoring any form of guilt that tried to rear its ugly head, Tapiwa turned to her right. She quickly made her way passed the bathrooms until she was outside. Then she leaned against the wall and pulled her phone back up. However, instead of texting Jadon again, she made a call.  

He answered on the first ring. "What did you tell him?" he asked, clearly not bothering with pleasantries.

Tapiwa stared at the almost dry lawn in front of her, barely seeing it. His voice in her ear sent shivers down her spine and she wasn't sure if she liked it or if she wanted to investigate what it all meant. Not right now. 

"Was I supposed to tell him something?" she countered after a beat and then bit her lip, shocked at her own boldness when she spoke with this man.

Jadon's huff sounded frustrated. "No. But I wouldn't have been able to stop you if you did," he said. "What did he want?"

Tapiwa sighed and closed her eyes for a moment. "To get back together."

Another beat passed. "You told him no." 

It was a statement, not a question but Tapiwa still answered. "I told him no. I haven't changed my mind." Tapiwa didn't know why she was telling him this. Or why it felt so easy to talk to Jadon on the phone after she had practically run away from him after their confrontation. 

Suddenly feeling self-conscious, she looked around, squinting at the bright sunlight. She was still alone even though she could hear the amplified voice of the pastor as he continued with his sermon. It was a good reminder that she couldn't stay outside too long. Sooner or later one of her family members would come searching for her. That was if some other random, nosy member didn't locate her first.

"Did you break up with Asher because of what happened between us?" Jadon suddenly asked. 

Tapiwa was startled at the question. "Uhm" She hesitated even though the answer was simple. Especially now that Jadon knew about their one-time reckless endeavor. 

But before the words could form on her tongue, movement to her right suddenly caught her attention and like a ghost summoned by mentioning his name, Tapiwa watched in horror as Asher made his way toward her with determined steps.

She cut the call. Tapiwa didn't think twice. She ended the call, shoved the phone back into her pocket, and turned to hurry back into the church building. Unfortunately, for her, Asher was faster.  

His hand shot out and grabbed her arm, halting her escape. Tapiwa clenched her jaw. She whipped her head around and glared at him. "Let go of me, Asher."

"Who were you talking to?" he demanded.

Tapiwa blinked in shock at the question but then she recovered fast and attempted to yank her arm free. That only earned her a tighter hold she was sure would bruise, even with the barrier of her jacket. She grimaced. That was the last thing she needed. "You are hurting me." 

Asher's glare dropped to his fingers wrapped around her upper arm. He seemed to consider it for a second before he marginally loosened his hold. But he didn't release her. "Tell me who you were talking to."

A scoff of disbelief escaped Tapiwa. "That is none of your business. What are you even doing here, Asher?" For heaven's sake, Tapiwa began to wonder if God was really against her. The man was worse than gum under her shoe. She couldn't get rid of him.

"Your mother invited me to church."

Of course she did, Tapiwa thought with irritation. Why her mother couldn't just keep her nose out of things, Tapiwa didn't understand. "Well, good for you but the service is inside. Maybe you should get in and listen to the message," she suggested stiffly. 

But Asher didn't budge. His eyes narrowed. "You were talking to another man, weren't you? That's why you won't answer my question," he accused. Then his fingers tightened again as he drew her flush against his body in one rough tug. "Is that why you broke up with me? You already have another man in your life?"

Pissed and a little terrified by his actions and words, Tapiwa pressed her free hand against his chest and attempted to push him away. "No!" she bit out when he didn't budge an inch. "There is no other man. Now. Let. Me. Go."

"Never," Asher growled. Then, before Tapiwa knew what was happening, Asher grabbed her other arm and held her still as he suddenly dropped his head and found her mouth with his. 

For a second, Tapiwa froze, uncertain of what was happening or how to react. Instinct made her press her lips shut, refusing him entry even when his wet tongue pushed hard against them. But then anger flared in the pit of her stomach and for a second, it was enough to give her the strength to push Asher away and rip herself from his hold. 

Looking as shocked as she felt, Asher stared at her wide-eyed. She wasn't sure what exactly had shocked him and she didn't care. Before Asher could recover and move toward her again, Tapiwa slapped him hard across the face. 

The sound cut through the air like a thunderclap. Tapiwa flexed her suddenly warm hand before she curled it into a fist at her side. She opened her mouth, but she realized she really had nothing to say and wisdom beckoned she retreated to safety before the man reacted. 

So, she shut her mouth without saying a word, turned on her heels, and ran back into the church.
###chapter 23
"She's cheating on me!" Asher bellowed as he stormed into Jadon's office early the next morning.

Having already been warned by his secretary that his brother was on his way in, Jadon calmly looked up from his laptop where he had been reviewing everything he could on the Sunset estate contract. 

The last thing he needed that morning was a visit from Asher. Jadon had been scrutinizing every word in the documents for hours and hadn't yet found anything that would suggest why the blackmailer was after this particular deal. Other than the fact that there was a lot of money to be made from it. Millions, in fact.

Jadon's first thought had been a competitor company after the same deal. But he had quickly confirmed that the owners of the estate hadn't publicized their intentions to develop the land, hence, unless a company was approached, they wouldn't know about it.

However, it wasn't unheard of for company secrets to leak to competitors. Still, Jadon had trouble seeing one of the other real estate companies in the city going to the trouble of setting him and Tapiwa up at a party only to get pictures to then blackmail him to abandon a project. It sounded too far-fetched. 

If he didn't know better, Jadon would have assumed the matter was personal and actually had nothing to do with the business. But again, he couldn't fathom what the motivation would be and who would be behind it all. In the end, he already had a pounding headache and it was only nine in the morning. So, yeah, Asher was the last thing he wanted to deal with that morning on top of everything else. Unfortunately, there was no escaping it. 

Not wanting his brother to catch on to anything, Jadon closed his laptop. He even carefully flipped his phone on his desk, making the screen face down, just to be safe. Tapiwa hadn't called or messaged him after she abruptly ended their call, but he wasn't taking chances. 

"Asher, this is a place of work," Jadon reminded his brother. "Please keep your voice down and tell me what the hell you are talking about.". 

Asher huffed and then began a stiff march in the large space in front of Jadon's desk. "My girlfriend. Tapiwa. Who else would I be talking about?"

Resisting the urge to growl, Jadon braced his elbows on the arms of his executive chair and steepled his fingers in front of his mouth. He regarded his brother. "I thought she already ended things?"

To Jadon's surprise, Asher waved a dismissive hand in the air as though that particular fact was inconsequential. "There is another man," he insisted. 

Like a sudden pinch to his balls. the idea made Jadon uncomfortable. He shifted in his seat ever so slightly and cleared his throat. Tapiwa. The woman was going to be the death of him, he was sure. 

The images in the pictures he had received, coupled with his dreams were keeping him in a state of semi-arousal despite his best efforts to push everything out of his mind. Even the thought of her with his brother wasn't enough to kill it off completely.

It did, however, leave a bad taste at the back of his throat and made him want to punch someone. Preferably maybe even his brother. He shook his head and rubbed at his eyes. Something was really wrong with him if he had a problem with Tapiwa being with any other man except him.

Especially since being with him wasn't even in the cards. He had slept with the woman once and the memory of that encounter now haunted his dreams every time he closed his eyes. But that didn't suddenly mean he wanted to be with her. 

She wasn't the first woman he had slept with in his life. Jadon had sampled more than his fair share of the female species but he was behaving like a teenager after his first hookup. It was disconcerting, to say the least, and he had to get a hang of it before he lost his mind.  

However, Jadon had to admit his brother looked closer to losing his mind over the woman than he was. "Asher, sit down. You are giving me a headache."

Asher shot him a glare. "Are you even listening to me? I'm telling you that my girlfriend has some other dude in her life. She's cheating on me!"

"Technically speaking," Jadon started calmly. "She would have to be in a relationship with you for it to be considered cheating. The woman has the right to entertain another man if she isn't-"

"I didn't let her go so she doesn't!" Asher cut in sharply.

Jadon's frown deepened. He regarded his brother for a moment. "Asher, honestly, I am not understanding your obsession with this woman. And you can't use our mother as an excuse anymore. Tapiwa may be the daughter of her friend but our mother clearly showed she doesn't care for Tapiwa at the restaurant. So, what gives? Why are you suddenly hooked on this woman and refusing to let her go?"

Another huff of frustration escaped Asher as he continued his rigid march around Jadon's office. "You wouldn't understand." 

"Try me," Jadon challenged.

Asher threw an arm in the air. "I was prepared to just have my fun and move on like usual. But then the girl dumped me."

Jadon frowned, his anger rising even as a part of him relaxed at the thought that Asher never got to be with Tapiwa. "So this is because she didn't let you have your fun? Your ego is bruised?" 

"No!"

"Then I don't get it," Jadon stated, feeling as frustrated as Asher looked.

Asher abruptly stopped pacing, turned, and faced him. "Since when as a woman ever dumped me?" he shook his head. "It never happens. They fall all over themselves to have me."

"Must be your charming personality," Jadon deadpanned. His fingers twitched with the sudden urge to punch his brother again. 

But Asher seemed serious and said as much. "I'm not kidding! Tapiwa is different. What if she's the one?"

Gut clenching, Jadon sat forward fast. "The one?" he asked carefully.

Asher nodded, completely serious. "The one I can settle down with? She's not affected by my money or charm. She would make the perfect wife. She's not a gold digger."

"But she dumped you," Jadon felt the need to remind his brother of the facts. 

"Exactly!" Asher bellowed in frustration. "I can't let that happen. I owe it to myself to see if things could work out between us." 

Jadon blinked at his brother for a moment stunned speechless. Was Asher for real? He could understand wanting to know if a relationship would work out and lead to more but "Asher, what about what you owe Tapiwa? Don't you owe her the right to make up her own decision? She ended things. Maybe she didn't feel the same way." 

The words seemed to enter Asher's head through one ear and out the other. His brother shook his head and resumed his pacing as he spoke. "She's mine and I will get rid of whoever is trying to get her away from me. No one gets my woman." 

The words settled over Jadon like acid. He ground his teeth together and fought the urge to growl like a wild animal and tell his idiot brother that Tapiwa wasn't his. From the sound of it, she had never been. A fact he liked way too much to be healthy for his mental state. Damn it! The woman was going to get him killed.
###chapter 24
Tapiwa drew in a lungful of air as she broke the surface of the cool water and held on to the edge. 

A wide smile played on her lips. This was exactly what she had needed after the recent stress she had been forced to endure. A day out by the pool with her friend.

The weather was perfect. It was just warm enough to make the cold water comfortable, but not so hot that Tapiwa thought she would burn.

Kicking her legs lightly to stay above the water, she looked around the large public pool. It wasn't the cleanest or fanciest of places but Tapiwa liked it.

She and Nicole had been going to the old Richard's place, as they called it, for as long as she could remember.

The place had once been a residential house to an old white man, Mr. Richard, hence the name. When he died, the house sold, and the new owners turned it into a motel of sorts.

No one ever went there to book a room for the night. It was more of an hour-by-hour booking for a quick tumble in the sheets. The perfect place for anyone having an affair or just scratching an itch with a paid hookup.

Ideally, it wasn't the best of places for two decent young ladies to be found but Tapiwa and Nicole knew the manager from church and they were always allowed to come over and use the pool which was often unoccupied but clean.

Splashing behind her warned Tapiwa that Nicole had finally reached the deep end. She turned in time to see her friend reach out for the side of the pull and wipe the water off her face.

"You are getting slow," Tapiwa teased and splashed her friend.

"Hey!" Nicole exclaimed before she returned the favor and then dipped back under the water and grabbed Tapiwa, pulling her down. 

Moments later, they both resurfaced, laughing and wiping water out of their eyes. 

Nicole then pulled herself out of the water, turned in the air, and sat on the edge. She reached for her towel, which she had felt folded on her slippers near the edge, and wiped at her face.

"Are you feeling any better?" Nicole asked after a long minute.

Tapiwa smiled up at her friend. "Much. The water always relaxes me." 

Nicole nodded, returning her smile. "I know. That's why I always tell you Make lots of money and build yourself a big fancy house with a huge pool. Actually, forget the big house. Just build a small cottage but have a big pool. You will be happy." 

Tapiwa laughed. "Is that what you will do? Looks like you are already practicing the arrangement with that tiny room you live in." 

Mock glaring, Nicole slapped Tapiwa's folded arms on the edge of the pool lightly. "Hey, don't insult my paradise. I would take my one room over being home under my father's roof any day." 

Tapiwa scoffed but she understood. "Yeah. At this point, I would trade comfort for peace as well so I get it." 

"Hey." Nicole laid a hand on Tapiwa's arm. "Really, tell me. Are you okay? Is your mother still giving you hell about Asher?" 

Sighing, Tapiwa shook her head. "She just keeps asking what he did and why I won't forgive him. Then she starts this long lecture about no perfect relationship and how Asher actually shows great potential to be a good husband. I mean, she has been at it for over a week, I thought she would be getting tired of it by now. I certainly am." 

"Your dad isn't saying anything about it?" 

"He's barely around. It's calving season at the farm so he is gone most of the time with Lute. But even if he was around, he would just warn me not to embarrass the family."   

Nicole grimaced. "I wouldn't want to be in your shoes."

Tapiwa chuckled dryly. "I don't want to be in my shoes either." 

Her friend didn't chuckle. In fact, Nicole looked worried and Tapiwa knew what was coming. Of course, Tapiwa had told her friend that Jadon had found out about their night together. Except, Tapiwa hadn't told Nicole that Jadon had only found out because he was being blackmailed. Tapiwa told Nicole that Jadon had simply remembered their night together. 

"Has Jadon been in touch again?" 

"Not since last Sunday," Tapiwa confirmed with a thoughtful frown. She actually wondered why he had been silent all week, the same as Asher. For two men who had bombarded her life at every corner to suddenly go silent was unsettling. 

She wondered if it meant the brothers had spoken. Did Asher now know about her and Jadon? She cringed at the thought even though she was grateful he had left her alone finally.

Although she couldn't help feeling the drama with Asher was far from over. The thought just sat at the back of her mind taunting her like a ticking time bomb that would sooner or later countdown to zero.

With the blackmailer still out there with pictures of her and Jadon, anything was possible. Tapiwa felt she should enjoy every second of peace like it was her last. And it might be.

"Hey, Tapi."  Nicole touched her arm again and waited for Tapiwa to look up and meet her gaze. "Where did you go?" 

"Sorry. My mind just wandered."

Nicole's brows dipped in concern. "I can see that. Tell you what? How about I get us something to drink from inside?" 

Tapiwa looked toward the old house skeptically. "You know they won't serve us any alcohol. We would be lucky if they gave us water." 

Snorting, Nicole stood up and wrapped the towel around her waist, which was just a must if she was going to walk inside and try to charm some drinks out of a poor soul. Although, Tapiwa thought, if her friend planned on using her charms, then maybe she should have left the towel off. Nicole wore a one-piece suit just like Tapiwa but with her friend more on the plump side it looked almost indecent to walk around without covering up. Not that Nicole minded.

Within a minute, Nicole was gone and Tapiwa went back into the water for another lap. She didn't know when she was going to get another free day to come over for a swim so she wanted to get her fill.

By the time she made her third round, Tapiwa felt her shoulders ache a little and knew it was time for a break. Besides, Nicole should be back with their drinks or bottles of water, whichever her smiles had earned them.

Back to the edge of the pool, Tapiwa held on and wiped the water off her face. Just as she placed the other hand on the edge, ready to pull herself out, a shadow fell over her. 

Thinking it was Nicole, Tapiwa paused, smiled, and looked up, ready to tease her friend about the drinks. But then she realized the person hovering over her wasn't Nicole but a large man dressed in black, wearing a cap.

With the sun directly behind the man, Tapiwa couldn't see his features well but something told her she was in trouble. Before she could do anything, however, the man dropped to his knees and grabbed her wet hair in a painful grip.

Tapiwa opened her mouth to scream but before a sound could escape, water filled her mouth and throat as the man pushed her head under the water and held her there. 

Panic surged wild and raw within Tapiwa. She immediately raised her hands and clawed at the hand in her hair. Tapiwa kicked and twisted under the water, desperate to get free.

For a moment, she thought it was her end. Her body trembled. Reflex had stopped her from drawing water into her lungs but now they burned with the need for oxygen. She had no idea how long she fought. It could have been mere seconds, but it felt like forever.

Then, suddenly, Tapiwa's head was out of the water and the hand disappeared from her hair. She was so grateful she didn't care to see what had happened. Alternating between coughing and drawing hungry lungfuls of air, her hands held onto the side of the pool for dear life.

The need to get out of the pool suddenly overwhelmed her. She wanted to be as far away from the water as possible. Using all the strength she had left, Tapiwa heaved herself out of the pool and dropped to the wet stone surrounding the pool in a fit of more coughs.

Seconds ticked by then she sensed a presence over her again. Tapiwa tensed. Her eyes flew open and she realized the man hadn't left. 

Her already racing heart rate went up another notch. Tapiwa let out a pitiful whimper and tried to crawl away from the man and the pool. 

In an instant, her pathetic escape was halted. The man grabbed her hair once more and brought his face close. Tapiwa was about ready to beg for her life but then his words stopped her cold.

"This was only a warning,"  the man gritted out. "Tell Jadon Paterson he had better do what he's told otherwise you will be met with a more permanent accident." 

As abruptly as he had grabbed her hair, he released her and then the man walked away and was gone like a puff of air in the wind. 

Tapiwa shuddered. She looked around but there was no one. She was alone, soaked, and shaking on the wet stone path next to the pool. 

Tears rolled down her face. She had almost died. No. She shook her head. The man hadn't meant to kill her, only deliver a message for Jadon. Shit! What had Jadon gotten her into?
###chapter 25
"I shouldn't be here," Tapiwa muttered under her breath. 

"Excuse me. Did you say something?" The woman behind the reception desk asked, looking up at Tapiwa expectantly. 

Tapiwa gasped and took a step back. Damn it. Realizing her mistake, she immediately straightened and tried to compose herself. Her heart was racing and sweat trickled down her temple and spine despite the cool air being pumped through the large space. 

Calm down, she reminded herself and hoped her body listened. Standing in the executive reception of Paterson Real Estate Development Company, she couldn't afford to look crazy. That was the fastest way to get thrown out of the building. She didn't want that.

Tapiwa drew a quiet breath and then cleared her throat. Mustering the courage that had brought her this far, she stepped back in front of the long reception desk and tried not to feel too self-conscious.

But it was hard not to feel like a fly that had just landed in a bowl of soup. From the moment Tapiwa had stepped through the glass doors, she had known she was out of place. Even in her most presentable gray skirt and baby-blue blouse, she was sure she stood out in the worst way possible.

The place screamed money. From the spotless white floors and walls to the letters PREDC mounted on a beautifully carved dark wood wall behind the receptionist. Very little color existed in the wide open space. The reception desk was the same dark wood as the wall behind it. A single glass vase sat on top of the desk filled with long-stemmed white flowers Tapiwa had no idea of their name. 

In short, everything was beautiful in a freakishly clean way. It made her want to tuck her hands in her pockets and not touch anything in case she accidentally dirtied it. Even the woman behind the desk seemed fully intent on keeping with the theme of the decor.

She was a dark-skinned middle-aged woman who was impeccably dressed in a white blouse and black pants. Her hair was pulled back in what Tapiwa thought must have been a very painful ponytail from how tight it looked. But more than her physical appearance, it was the woman's demeanor that made Tapiwa think she was just as clinical as the furnishings.

Hence it took Tapiwa three tries before she managed to voice herself. "Uhm I was hoping to see Mr. Jadon Paterson."

A well-manicured brow arched before the woman dropped her gaze to the monitor in front of her. "Do you have an appointment with Mr. Paterson?" she asked as her fingers tapped on the keyboard at an impressive speed.

Tapiwa had no doubt the woman knew she didn't and could already see how this was going to play out. Thankfully, she had come prepared. "No, but I have his number. I could call him and tell him I am here. But I didn't want to risk disturbing him if he is in an important meeting."

For a second, Tapiwa almost genuinely grinned at the shocked look in the receptionist's eyes. She kept her cool, blank expression instead. She hadn't asked for an extra hour for her lunch break and made her way across town just to be bitchy to a woman doing her job. She just wanted to see Jadon and the sooner she did that, the better.

It turned out her words did the trick. Getting her name, the receptionist called upstairs and spoke to Mr. Paterson's secretary who in turn confirmed with her boss. In no time, Tapiwa was directed to the elevator and instructed to get off on the tenth floor.

The ride up felt like the walk to her doom. Tapiwa rubbed her arms vigorously, trying to get rid of the feeling of ants walking all over her body. Nervous didn't begin to describe how she felt. But after the incident at the pool, she knew she had to see Jadon.

Tapiwa hadn't told Nicole what happened when her friend had returned with drinks a few minutes after the man disappeared. It was hard to do that since she hadn't told Nicole about Jadon's blackmailer. 

That, of course, had been her opportunity to tell her friend everything but she hadn't. At the time, Tapiwa had thought she was just in too much shock and didn't want to scare her friend. She hadn't even wanted to get back into the water. Hell, she wasn't sure she would ever swim in that pool again after what happened.

But after she'd gotten home, Tapiwa realized she hadn't told Nicole because she didn't want anyone else to know about her and Jadon. If she told Nicole about the blackmailer and the man who almost drowned her then her friend would insist they went to the police. That was a surefire way for the whole story to get out and reach her parents. She couldn't let that happen. So, only one other person needed to know what had happened. Jadon. And she couldn't do it over the phone.

Tapiwa wasn't sure what she had expected when she got to the tenth floor. Probably more white walls and a robotic secretary behind a large desk. She found those, but they barely registered because she also found Jadon standing right outside the elevator, waiting for her. 

Without saying a word, Jadon stepped forward and grabbed her arm, pulling her out of the elevator when she looked as though she had been frozen in place. Then, with a severe frown creasing his brows, he marched her across another large open space with a secretary's desk and several hallways leading off to several offices. Jadon didn't release her until they went through a large door and they were in what she assumed was his office. 

As soon as the door was closed, Jadon dropped her arm as though she had burned him. Still acting like a man determined to get away from her, he stepped around her and walked over to his large desk. However, instead of going around it and sitting down in his chair as she expected, Jadon turned, folded his arms, and leaned against the desk. 

For several seconds, neither Jadon nor Tapiwa said a word. They just stared at each other. Tapiwa was vaguely aware of the opulence of the office and the heavy scent of Jadon's cologne in the cool air. It occurred to her that the man must have spent a lot of time in his office. 

Part of her wanted to explore and perhaps learn something about him. But she couldn't rip her eyes away from him. Damn, but the man was good-looking even when he scowled, she mused.
###chapter 26
It was already past one in the afternoon but Jadon looked so put together in a navy blue suit and white shirt. It might have been due to the cool air circulating the entire building, but the man didn't even look as though he had sweated. 

Tapiwa on the other hand, felt as though she had been chasing chickens in the sun for hours for how sweaty and dusty she felt standing there in yet another awfully clean space. Shifting her weight from one foot to the other, Tapiwa began to wonder if a phone call would have been such a bad idea. It would have saved her from standing under his scrutinizing gaze and feeling like a sample under a microscope. Thankfully, Jadon spoke and saved her from doing something embarrassing like dusting her skirt.

"I hadn't thought I would hear from you again after you cut my call short." 

Tapiwa fidgeted again and then brought her hands together in front of her, clasping them together. The man hadn't offered her a seat. She wished he had. Her legs felt shaky but she squared her shoulders and met his gaze. "If I had my way you wouldn't have. But if you must know Asher had shown up at my church so I had to cut the call." 

Jadon's brows dipped into a deeper frown. "I had no idea he attended the same church as you. I actually had no idea he went to church at all."

"You don't know whether your brother attends church or not?" Tapiwa asked only half curious by the fact.

"I don't spend my time tracking my brother's every move," Jadon snapped. 

"Maybe you should," Tapiwa fired back. She suddenly felt a wave of irritation wash over her at the drama of everything and how she was stuck in the middle of it. It didn't help that Jadon sounded accusatory and Tapiwa felt the sudden urge to defend herself. "Then you would know that he only came to my church because my mother invited him."

Jadon pursed his lips apparently not pleased by that explanation. "I see," he said flatly.

Tapiwa narrowed her eyes, not understanding his problem. But then she huffed out a breath and waved a hand in the air. "Look, I didn't come here to discuss Asher."

Nodding once, Jadon finally pointed at the visitor's chair in front of him. "Then sit down and tell me why you are here."

Grateful to get off her feet, Tapiwa lowered herself into the chair only to regret it a second later when she realized how close she was to Jadon and that she had to tilt her head back a little to meet his gaze. A gaze that was so intense she couldn't look away. "Uhm" Tapiwa lost her train of thought.

Jadon continued to stare for a minute then he seemed to snap out of it. Abruptly, Jadon straightened away from the desk and walked over to the wall of glass. Tension pulsed in the air. Tapiwa wasn't sure what was happening. 

"So, what brought you here?" Jadon asked in a harsh tone without looking at her. 

Right. Tapiwa shook her head and tried to gather her thoughts. "Someone attacked me and tried to drown me in a pool yesterday," she blurted out.

Jadon turned so fast that Tapiwa almost thought he would topple over and fall. For a moment, he just stared at her. Then, like a man possessed, he rushed back to her and pulled her out of her seat.

Jadon held Tapiwa by her arms and looked her up and down before focusing back on her face. "Are you okay? What happened? Who attacked you?"

Shocked by the strong emotion in his voice, Tapiwa shook her head. Realizing she wouldn't be able to talk if she kept looking at him, she dropped her gaze. He was just too close. So close she was swamped by his warmth and scent. It made her dizzy and grateful he was holding her steady. "Uhm I don't know who it was. Maybe the man who followed me the other day."

"What are you talking about?" Jadon demanded, his hands tightening.

Tapiwa realized she would have to explain things. So, she did. She told Jadon about the man on the road she thought had been following her. Then she narrated the ordeal at the pool and the message she had been given for him. Tapiwa hadn't realized she was trembling until Jadon wrapped his arms around her and whispered in her ear that she would be okay. 

Almost as though in a daze, Tapiwa leaned her entire body against Jadon's. Her cheek came to rest on his shirt-covered firm chest while her hands fisted in his jacket. It felt good. She felt safe. 

Jadon rubbed his hands over her back seemingly just as lost in the hold as she was. But then he pressed his lips to her forehead and kissed her there. Without thinking, Tapiwa lifted her head off his chest and tilted it back for a better angle. 

Something sparked in the air, holding them in place. Their gazes met and held for a beat before Jadon lowered his head again and this time his lips brushed over hers in a feather-light kiss. Tapiwa gasped as though an electric current had just traveled through her body firing up every nerve ending.

Unfortunately, it also awakened some of her brain cells and Tapiwa knew it was a very bad idea to be kissing Jadon Paterson. Another gasp escaped her lips but this one was filled with horror. As though sensing the sudden change, Jadon let go of her and stepped back. 

Tapiwa didn't wait to hear what he had to say, or what he would do. Maybe he realized it was also a mistake. She couldn't wait to find out. She turned on her heels and ran for the door. Tapiwa had to get away before she allowed this man to do something they would surely both regret.
###chapter 27
"You are joking. Right?" Without waiting for a response, Ezra turned away from Jadon and stared at Kaelo. "He's joking, isn't he?" he pressed, his voice almost pleading for confirmation.

On the other side of the table, Kaelo studied Jadon with narrowed eyes before he responded to Ezra with an exasperated, heavy sigh. "I don't think he is. This is what he wouldn't tell us the other day," he said in a voice full of accusation. "This is the reason he forgot his phone in his car and got drunk." 

Ezra's wide eyes whipped back around toward Jadon. "Seriously? But Okay." He waved a hand in the air, the frown on his face only getting deeper as though he was trying hard to understand but it just wasn't happening. It was almost comical to watch and Jadon would have chuckled if he didn't think one or both of his friends would take it the wrong way and he would probably end up with a bruised jaw for his trouble.

Unaware of Jadon's thoughts, Ezra continued with his own train of thought, which unfortunately still sounded like a man desperate to make sense of something that absolutely made no sense. "So you slept with your brother's girlfriend and now you are being blackmailed to cancel a big contract for the company. Or what? The blackmailer tells the world you are not a virgin. Dude, I bet I could find a hundred women who can testify that you are in fact not a virgin. You haven't been since you were seventeen."

Jadon ground his teeth together. He was suddenly very grateful they had decided to meet up in Kaelo's office at the hotel Kaelo's mother owned. The options had been limited. It was either the hotel or Ezra's sportswear boutique because Jadon didn't trust his office right now. And having this conversation in a store where anyone could walk in wouldn't have worked for Jadon. Especially if his friend was going to blurt out anything that crossed his mind as though he had verbal diarrhea.

"I haven't slept with a hundred women." Jadon felt the need to correct that assumption despite that not being the point or even a necessary fact to deserve their attention at that given moment. 

Of course, Ezra scoffed. "Do you keep a record somewhere? A little black book? Maybe a spreadsheet?"

"Shut up, Ezra!" Kaelo suddenly snapped his eyes still on Jadon. "We have more important things to discuss than Jadon's list of past bedmates."

Jadon grimaced at the anger in his friend's voice even as Ezra slumped back in his seat and grumbled something about just establishing facts. Yeah, Jadon wasn't in the mood to establish those facts so he was very much on board with Kaelo shutting Ezra up. Except, Kaelo hadn't stopped Ezra for the same reason Jason had in mind. His friend was just pissed that Jadon hadn't gone to them with the problem as soon as it had reared its ugly head. 

He understood where Kaelo was coming from but that didn't mean he was going to apologize for keeping the matter to himself for a few days while he processed. In fact, he might have kept it quiet longer if Tapiwa hadn't visited his office and dropped the bomb she had. 

What had happened before she ran out of his office was just another complication he couldn't wrap his head around. Hence why he'd called his friends and finally told them everything. Jadon needed help to sort out the mess that was now his life and he only trusted the two men in the room with him to help him do that.

For a beat, tension pulsed in the office. No one spoke. It was a small space, nothing like Jadon's office at the company. With only a small desk, three chairs, and two filing cabinets behind Kaleo, it was hardly the place to have a standoff. Jadon almost always felt claustrophobic whenever he visited his friend there. Which explained why he suddenly felt as though he couldn't breathe.

Without a word, Jadon tugged at his tie as he shot out of his seat. Ignoring his friend's shocked looks, he made his way to the only window in the room overlooking the back of the hotel.

The view was rather nice for the small hotel tucked between skyscrapers in the middle of the city. After a deep breath, Jadon allowed himself to take in the sight of the beautiful blue, clear sky above the green wall that made up the back of the hotel. 

The wall was actually made of blocks but Kaelo's mother had allowed a thick layer of plant life to grow over it, turning it into a breathtaking thick green wall. In the blooming season, colorful flowers decorated the wall among the green. It was so beautiful that the hotel used it as one of its best features for wedding events. The wall was however green today but not less beautiful. 

But as beautiful as the wall was, Jadon's eyes still dropped to the large pool being cleaned by two workers and his gut clenched all over again. A red haze fell over Jadon's vision as he remembered Tapiwa's trembling voice as she narrated what happened to her in a pool. "He could have easily drowned her," Jadon suddenly said without turning around to meet his friends' eyes. 

After a beat, there was a loud sigh behind him. Jadon assumed it came from Kaelo since the man spoke shortly after. 

"You need to go to the police and report everything, Jadon."

Shocked by those words, Jadon spun around and met his friend's still-angry gaze. "No." He shook his head. "My father will find out and that-"

"As long as you have this blackmailer on your ass" Ezra cut in. "I'm afraid your father finding out is a forgone conclusion."

"Not if I find out who he is and put an end to it before he can do anything," Jadon argued. 

A beat of silence passed as Jadon's two friends exchanged a troubled look. Then Kaleo leaned forward and rested his hands on the desk, fingers clasped. "Okay, Jadon, I need to be completely honest with you here," he started.

Jadon didn't like the tone of Kaelo's voice. He sounded like a man trying to reason with a person standing on the edge of a cliff. Jadon didn't think he was that far gone. He wasn't about to jump and be damned with everything. Still, he gritted his teeth and gave a single nod for Kaelo to go on. 

"This is bad," Kealo said solemnly. 

An unexpected snort escaped Jadon. He arched a brow at his friend. "Okay. I think I was expecting more than that."

"That's the summarized version."

"It does encompass everything in three little words," Ezra agreed. 

Jadon huffed. He shook his head. "Okay, un-summarize it. I called you both to talk so you could help me think and reason. I can't do this on my own," he admitted.

Being overly dramatic, Ezra quickly threw his arms in the air. "Oh, thank the good lord. For a moment there I thought you were about to turn into Jason Statham, going after an unknown enemy all on your own." 

"Are you done?" Jadon clipped. 

To his surprise, Ezra shot Jadon a wide grin. "Relax. I am offering comic relief. It's good for you. The vein on the side of your neck looks like it's about to burst."

For a moment, Jadon was speechless. His mouth opened and closed like a landed fish. Then, feeling rather irritated even though his friend had obviously meant well, Jadon pointed a finger at the door. "If you won't take this seriously and stop joking around, you might as well leave. I need solutions to a life-and-death situation. Not a good laugh."

As soon as the words were out of his mouth, Jadon regretted them. He inwardly cringed. Damn it! That had been too harsh and he saw the hurt in his friend's eyes. "Ezra-"

"You are right," Ezra cut him off in a flat tone. 

Jadon quickly shook his head. "No. I'm not. I'm sorry, man." Sighing, Jadon lifted his right hand and gripped the back of his neck. "I'm sorry. I'm just stressed with all this." He looked from Ezra to Kaelo, who had been seated behind his desk, fingers steepled on top as he watched the exchange. 

"I need help, guys," Jadon told his friends. "If something happens to Tapiwa it will be my fault." 

"You are certain that she isn't involved in the blackmail?" Kaelo asked.

Jadon shook his head. "Her fear was genuine. She's not involved. She's a victim. Just like me. And if this gets out She will have it bad." Jadon didn't want to even imagine how bad. 

Nodding, Kaelo stood up and began to pace in the space between his desk and the filing cabinets. There was barely enough room but he somehow made it work. "Maybe it's time you stepped away from your father's business and started your own as we planned," he murmured almost as though he was thinking out loud.

"If you are not working for your father then you won't fear the outcome of the blackmail," Ezra added.

Jadon frowned. He had to agree the thought had merit and had crossed his mind at least twice in the last hour especially when he saw how cramped up Kaelo's office was. But it wasn't that simple.

"Companies are not built overnight," Jadon reminded his friends. "And I don't think running will resolve anything. If the old man finds out about all this, he will skin me alive for creating a scandal. It will still affect the company even if I am not its current CEO." 

"But you didn't create the scandal," Ezra stated defensively. "It just landed on your lap. I suspect both you and Tapiwa were drugged at that party. Someone planned this out carefully." 

Jadon nodded in agreement. He had also reached the same conclusion and it bothered him. Sighing, he rubbed at his face. Damn, he was already tired of the situation and it seemed to only be starting. They had so many questions and not a single answer. They needed answers so they could put a stop to everything. And Jadon knew he had to get those answers as soon as yesterday for Tapiwa's sake.

Tapiwa. She had practically trembled in his arms with fear. Jadon didn't want to imagine what kind of nightmares the experience would give the poor girl. And it almost didn't surprise him that he wished he could be there to help reassure her again that everything would be okay when she woke from those nightmares.

A throat clearing snapped Jadon out of his thoughts. He looked up and found both Kaelo and Ezra watching him. "What?"

Kaelo frowned. "Just wondering" he said carefully. "Now that you know something happened between you and the girl, are you going to do anything about that? She dumped Asher so she's free and single."

The memory of his lips brushing Tapiwa's in the briefest, softest kiss in all humanity flashed through his mind but Jadon shook his head hard. That wasn't a good idea. "There is nothing to do about it."
###chapter 28
Jadon's thoughts were still spinning by the time he made it back to his office. His legs moved on autopilot as he stepped off the elevator and walked across the open space toward his office. 

"Mr. Paterson."

"Hmm," Jadon answered absently, still moving toward his door. 

Out of the corner of his eye, he realized that Mrs. Sitta hurried toward him but he didn't stop to attend to her. He knew he had taken longer with his friends than he had originally anticipated and now he was behind schedule with his work and would probably stay when everyone else went home just to make up. To say that he wasn't looking forward to that would have been an understatement so he pushed the thought to the back of his mind. 

A few steps later, Jadon reached his office door but to his surprise, his secretary was right there next to him, stopping him from turning the knob with a firm grasp of her smaller hand.

Startled out of his daze, Jadon stepped back, effectively breaking her hold on his hand. He then faced her, a frown quickly creasing his forehead. "Is there a problem, Mrs. Sitta?"

The older woman released a breath as though she had just run an entire football field and not the short distance from her desk to his door. Now that Jadon paid attention, he realized the woman looked very flustered. Her usual tight, no-nonsense bun had loosened and released a few strands of hair that curled around her face. He also noticed a few creases in her blouse, which was so unlike his usually freakishly clean secretary. Concern immediately gripped him and it only amplified when he noticed her eyes dart to his office door and back.

The worst thought went through his mind. He immediately concluded that whatever was wrong had something to do with the blackmailer. The mere idea made his headache come back with full force.

"What is it, Mrs. Sitta?" Jadon pressed, barely resisting the urge to shake the woman so she would tell him already. 

"Uhm forgive me, Mr. Paterson. But Mr. Paterson senior is in your office. He has been waiting for over half an hour. I offered to call you when he arrived but he said he would wait and not to be disturbed "

Jadon was grateful he hadn't eaten anything before he left his friends at the hotel like they had insisted because his stomach immediately churned. What could his father want that he couldn't have handled over the phone? Again, his mind raced back to the blackmail and a shudder raced up his spine.

"Mr. Paterson?" Mrs. Sitta called hesitantly.

Jadon blinked. Right. He couldn't just stand there. Forcing a smile for his secretary's benefit, he assured her that everything was fine. Then Jadon squared his shoulders and walked into his office to find his father seated behind the desk like he owned the place. 

Technically, Lewis Paterson owned the company and the office. But he didn't run things anymore so there was no reason why the man sat in Jadon's seat going through the papers on the desk. 

"Father," he said in greeting meeting Lewis' scrutinizing gaze. Jadon ground his teeth for a second, biting back his irritation. Then he forced himself to relax and walked over to one of the visitors' seats and sat down.

A look of disapproval flashed over Lewis' face. He made a point of checking his wristwatch before he met his son's eyes again and spoke. "You took a very long lunch break."

Seriously? Jadon thought with growing anger. Still, he maintained his composure. "I had some business to take care of."

"Your secretary said you didn't have a meeting." 

"I don't run everything by my secretary." 

Lewis scoffed and then went back to studying the papers on Jadon's desk before he spoke again. "I hope it was actually important enough to justify neglecting your work." 

A hot wave of anger washed over him in an instant. Jadon gathered himself until his spine was a steel column. "I have never neglected my work, father."

"Really?" Lewis asked with an arched brow. He made a thoughtful hum in the back of his throat that Jadon knew was all for show. Then he lifted the papers Jadon immediately recognized as the contract with Sunset estate. His stomach did another twist.

"Then explain to me why you are not focusing your efforts on securing this contract."

Jadon looked at the papers and then his father's face. "I'm double-checking some things before we sign." Technically, it wasn't a lie. He just wasn't going to mention that he was trying to find out who wanted the deal bad enough to set him and Tapiwa up and then blackmail him for the deal.

Unfortunately, Lewis Paterson wasn't a man who took procrastination and delays kindly regardless of the reasons behind it. He dropped the contract and tapped his finger on the paper. "The legal team has already confirmed everything is in order. What on earth are you checking?"

Jadon gritted his teeth together. "Father, can you just allow me to do the job you appointed me to do? If you trusted me enough to make me CEO, then trust me to make the right decision for the deal. I will sign it when I confirm everything is in order." 

For a long minute, Lewis gave him an unimpressed stare. Then he shook his head and stood up. His hands straightened his jacket and cuffs before he looked down at his son. "Let me remind you, Jadon. I gave you the position of CEO because you showed a quick mind full of intelligence. It's what you have shown since you took over. Don't change now." 

The warning was clear in the air as though his father had said the words out loud. Being CEO came with the condition that he met the expectations set. Failure to do so and he would probably find himself without a job. The idea wasn't as bad as Lewis probably thought it was. Thankfully, Jadon kept that bit to himself.

Still, Jadon felt the need to get his father's approval. So, he stood up and met his father's gaze with determination. "I will sort everything out before the end of the week.
###chapter 29
Six hours later when Jadon left the office he was ready to strangle someone. Fatigue weighed heavily in every step he took from the building entrance to his car. Jadon felt as though his body was weighed down by lead balls. All Jadon wanted to think about was a hot shower and his bed. 

After his father left, Jadon pushed all his other work into the pending box and focused solely on the Sunset estate deal as a last-ditch effort to solve the mystery and save his skin. But unfortunately, hours of pondering over the contract hadn't yielded any positive results or answers.

Jadon still didn't understand why he was being blackmailed not to take the deal so he couldn't begin to fathom who was behind it and how to get them off his back so he could still close the deal and please his father. 

Hence, Jadon had reached the conclusion that he would have to get ahead of the problem the only way he could. Besides, there was no guarantee that the blackmailer would leave him alone once he did what he was told and canceled the deal. There was every possibility that the man would be back with more demands until Jadon couldn't do what he was told and the truth was blown out of the water. By then, Jadon knew the damage would be worse and all his sacrifices would have been for nothing.

He couldn't allow himself to be played like that. Which was why Jadon had reached his conclusion. He either took charge of the situation or the situation took charge of him. He knew he should probably call his friends and seek their advice but after the talk with his father, Jadon knew what his friends would say he should do and what he would do were two different things and he wasn't in the mood for an argument.

He was almost reaching his car, his mind coming to terms with the consequences of his decision when he realized he wasn't alone. On instinct, Jadon clenched his free hand into a fist and whirled around, ready to knock out whoever was stalking him.

His fist froze in the air when he saw who it was. For a second, Jadon was stunned stupid. All he could do was stare at the woman illuminated by the security lights positioned around the car park so that no one fell over their feet if they happened to be there in the dead of night. Not that many employees made it a habit to put in over time. 

"Tapiwa?" he finally managed to croak out after a handful of seconds had passed. What the hell was she doing there?  Jadon mused even as he looked her up and down.

She still had on the same clothes she had worn when he saw her that morning in his office. When he had barely kissed her. The thought fell back in his mind like a solid rock and sunk deep until he felt it in parts of his body that should have stayed dormant. At least until he got home and could deal with it. 

Suddenly, Jadon felt rage wash over him. The emotion was only half directed toward Tapiwa of course. The rest he kept for himself. Somehow his path crossing with Tapiwa had been the biggest mistake of his life. He now stood on the edge of a cliff. Below was a pool of fire and behind him a loaded gun. Either way, he was done for. 

If he did what the blackmailer said, Jadon would have to face his father and the board of directors and explain why he canceled a lucrative business deal. He would be fired on the spot and his father would probably disown him.

On the other hand, if Jadon didn't do what the blackmailer instructed and allowed the deal to go through, then the man would release his and Tapiwa's secret to the world. Again, Jadon would have to face his father and the board. He would definitely lose his job, be disowned, and possibly be arrested. 

He was screwed if he did, screwed if he didn't. To say that it was the wrong time to be confronted with Tapiwa again was an understatement. Especially since he had no patience left in him. Jadon snarled. "What are you doing here?"

Tapiwa frowned and wrapped her arms around herself. She visibly shuddered whether from the weather or his tone, Jadon wasn't sure. "I waited for you."

"Obviously," Jadon deadpanned. "The question is why? You shouldn't be here."

The young woman arched a brow at him as though he had just said something ridiculous. "So, it's okay for you to wait for me outside my place of work but I can't do the same thing?"

She had him there but Jadon wasn't about to back down. "I had every reason to wait for you. We needed to talk." 

"Funny. Because that's why I am still here," she fired back. 

Jadon narrowed his eyes. He clenched his jaw. "You could have simply come back up to my office instead of practicing your stalker skills. Or called. You have my number.  Anyway" He waved his free hand in the air. "Speak. It's late and we both shouldn't be standing here in the dark. Especially after everything that's been happening."

Just then, Tapiwa looked around the car park as though just realizing where she was and how late it had gotten. He practically heard her swallow before she met his gaze again hers full of apprehension now.

"Yeah. Okay. I will make this fast. I do need to get home," she said quickly. "I just wanted to know what you planned to do about the blackmailer and whoever is following me." She looked around again as though she expected her stalker to jump out of the shadows and attack them right there. 

Jadon felt sorry for her. He really did. But he had to make a hard decision and he was pissed he had been forced into making it in the first place. "I'm not going to entertain any blackmailer," he said sharply.

A confused frown creased Tapiwa's forehead. She tilted her head slightly to the side and regarded him with palpable apprehension. "What does that mean?"

Jadon broke eye contact and looked around toward the distant dark shadows. Part of him wondered if the blackmailer or the man who had attacked Tapiwa was out there watching. Taking more pictures. He didn't care. He had made a decision.

"It means I suggest you confess everything to your family before it hits social media and all the news stations. I will not jeopardize my father's company to please a criminal."

Tapiwa's eyes widened. She took a step back, her trembling hand coming up to cover her mouth. Her head shook in denial. "You wouldn't," she choked, the words muffled by her hand.

Jadon steeled his spine, refusing to be moved. "The story will blow over in a few days. Someone else will do something stupid and everyone will forget about some random pictures of two adults having sex at a party." 

In an instant, anger flashed through her eyes, replacing the disbelief and dread that had been there a few seconds ago. Tapiwa dropped her hand and took a step back toward him. Her voice took on a harsh tone. "Blow over? For you perhaps. My life will never be the same again! My father will kill me!"

"And you think mine will spare me?" Jadon snapped at her, his taller frame looming over hers. He glared and pointed at the company building behind him. "I will be lucky if I don't get tossed out of the tenth-floor window when all this shit hits the fan. But at least the company would have the deal and my father would have one less thing to curse me for."

God, that sounded pathetic even to his own ears but he was out of options. Jadon let out a dry chuckle before he continued. "Don't think for a second I will be sipping cocktails when this happens. I won't have a job and maybe not even a family."

Tapiwa shook her head clearly perplexed. "Then why let it happen? There must be another way."

"Is there?" Jadon challenged. "Am all ears. Let's hear it. What is your grand plan? Unless you know who the bastard behind all this is, then our hands are tied. Or what? Do what the blackmailer wants today. Then what happens when he is back tomorrow demanding more? Huh? Have you thought of that? The thing is, all the demands will be on my shoulders. You are just the leverage being used against me." 

To his surprise, the woman flinched as though he had slapped her but Jadon wasn't going to sugarcoat things. He had a problem and he was going to deal with it the only way he thought best. 

"The only way to deal with blackmailers is to cut off their power. I'm sorry to say but you mean nothing to me, Tapiwa. You are a stranger. My brother's ex-girlfriend. As far as leverage goes, you were a poor pick. I'm just sorry you got tangled up in whatever this was but this is the best way to end things. I will sign the deal for the company. The blackmailer will expose what happened between us and then he will have no more power over me and no need to come after you in the street or try to drown you in a pool. That will be the end of everything."

Jadon pressed his lips together, realizing he was explaining himself like an idiot. He had no obligation to justify his decision. This was happening whether Tapiwa wanted it or not. Still, he softened his voice a little as he continued. "Go home, Tapiwa. Tell your family. I don't think it will be as bad as you think."

She didn't respond but he saw the slight shake of her head and the tear that rolled down her cheek. It nearly broke him. Jadon looked away. He couldn't be there and watch her cry. The urge to pull her into his arms and comfort her was almost too strong to resist.

So, without a word, Jadon turned and stormed over to his car. He had it unlocked and he was behind the wheel in a matter of seconds. Jadon didn't look at Tapiwa even though he felt her eyes on him the entire time. 

He didn't understand why it felt so hard and wrong to walk away from her but he wasn't going to cave. Throwing the car into drive, Jadon peeled out of the car park. When his eyes finally sought her out in the rearview mirror before he turned onto the road, she wasn't there. His chest squeezed painfully but Jadon told himself it was for the best.
###chapter 30
Jadon stared at what his best friends would have called goat food on his plate and tried his best not to grimace in disgust. 

He honestly didn't know what to make of the green goo that was artistically placed on the plate and then decorated with three purple leaves, six mushrooms, three thin strips of baby carrot, and ten peas. Yes, he had counted every item on his plate because it was just that ridiculous.

What made it worse was the fact that the plate of non-existent food actually cost more than he would have paid for a good steak and chips at his favorite restaurant. Jadon almost took out his phone to snap a picture of the joke for his friends. Unfortunately, he doubted his date would appreciate it.

Melody, that was the name of his date. She was the same woman he had spoken to at the gym on a dare from his friends. Jadon hadn't planned on calling her ever. But after he drove away from Tapiwa last night and couldn't get her out of his mind, he figured he needed to go out and see another woman.

Jadon also thought being seen in public with another woman would lessen the blow when the story of him and Tapiwa hit the waves. Part of him felt like a worm for using Melody like this. But then he looked down at the plate in front of him and he didn't feel so guilty anymore. 

Jadon had made the mistake of asking her to recommend her favorite place for their date. He hadn't known the woman planned to starve him. So, yeah. He wasn't going to feel any guilt for using her. 

Although Jadon suspected the woman was using him too. Melody looked great. She was beautiful and had a great body which probably came from eating like a baby bird before she visited the gym to take pictures. However, he didn't think she made it a habit to visit restaurants that charged an arm and a foot for three carrot sticks.

The excitement in her eyes as well when they arrived and were seated at the romantic table for two was a dead giveaway. Melody was living a fairy tale through his pocket. 

As though to prove his point, she looked up from her plate and beamed at him. "This is great!"

Jadon swallowed down the snort he so wanted to release. Instead, he gave her his most professional smile. "Indeed. I'm glad you picked this place."

"Oh, yes. I have been here a few times and absolutely loved the food."

He highly doubted it but decided not to burst her bubble. "I am always open to new experiences. If the food is so great then they will make a loyal patron out of me as well." Jadon picked up his fork and stabbed a pea covered in the green goo. Lord help him.

"Here," Melody suddenly said, snapping Jadon's attention away from the mystery on his plate. He looked up and found her extending her phone toward him. "Take a picture of me."

Eighty minutes later when Jadon walked Melody out of the restaurant to his car, he swore to himself that he would delete Melody's number as soon as he dropped her off back at home. In fact, he would block her number and probably change gyms so that there was no possibility to ever run into her again. 

Jadon also promised himself to give his two idiot friends an earful about picking up random women in the gym. God! Melody needed a serious reality check and Jadon had almost given it to her. Only the fact that they were in public and also the fact that he knew he hadn't genuinely wanted to see her had kept his mouth shut.

Thankfully, the night was almost done and he would push it all away and forget about it. He just had to get her home, which he did half an hour later.

Being the perfect gentleman even when he couldn't wait to get rid of his date was easy. Jadon walked around the car to the passenger door and opened it for her outside her gate. Taking her hand, he helped her out of the vehicle but released it as soon as she was on her feet and he was certain she wouldn't fall because of her ridiculous heels. 

"Thank you," Melody said with a shy smile.

Jadon nodded and took a step back, already planning his exit. To his surprise, however, Jadon realized he hadn't given credit to how far Melody was willing to go to live out her fantasy. From one second to the next, Jadon found himself with an armful of the woman. Then her lipstick-covered lips were on his in a hard press of a kiss.

His body went stiff and it took everything in him not to push her away. It wasn't the first time a woman had made a move on him, but it was the first time Jadon felt like washing his mouth from the contact. A very different reaction to what he had felt when he shared a kiss with Tapiwa in his office yesterday. 

Jadon had wanted to savor the taste of her even though he hadn't actually had the opportunity to sink his tongue into her mouth. His body had come alive, his blood heating up and pulsing with rapid heartbeats. It had all been so different and the memory of it just made his current predicament even more unbearable. 

Thankfully, he didn't have to endure it for long. His reaction or lack thereof finally seemed to register with the woman and she broke their contact, taking a step back. A confused frown creased her forehead as she looked up at him.

"You are not really into me, are you?" she asked tentatively before releasing an embarrassed, soft chuckle.

Jadon felt bad. He should never have called the woman regardless of his reasons. He shook his head. "Melody, you are a nice lady and I had a good time with you tonight."

"But? Coz' I can hear a 'but' coming." Melody wrapped her arms around herself looking self-conscious and on the brink of running.

"I just don't feel a connection," Jadon explained calmly. 

For a beat, Melody seemed to chew on that. Then she nodded, a forced smile plastered on her face. "I guess that's okay. You can't force these things. Thank you for tonight, Jadon. It was nice even if it hasn't ended how I would have liked." 

Jadon smiled. It was the most genuine smile he had given her all night. The woman was a social media addict, taking pictures of everything and posting them for the world to see. She also talked nonstop about things she clearly knew nothing about while pretending she was someone she was not. But she had enough grace to take his rejection without a fuss. And for that, Jadon was willing to rethink his earlier plan of action.

"How about friends?" he suggested with an extended hand toward her. "I think we would do better there. We can meet for drinks and such. I will even introduce you to my friends. You could also bring some of yours." 

She seemed to consider it for half a second and then her smile was back. Melody shook his hand. "Friends."

By the time Jadon drove away from Melody's house ten minutes later, he had to admit to himself that the evening hadn't been a total waste. He had gone out and been seen in public with a beautiful woman who was possibly going to be a friend.

What had failed was his goal to push Tapiwa out of his thoughts. If anything, after the unexpected kiss Melody had planted on him, Jadon couldn't get Tapiwa off his mind for even a second. Not that she had been far from his thoughts before.

So it was hardly a surprise that he pulled the car over, off the road, and reached for his phone. With the barest hesitation, he found Tapiwa's number and made a call. 

The phone rang three times and Jadon thought she wouldn't pick up his call when he heard the call connect. But then there was silence. Jadon drummed his fingers on the steering wheel and stared at the dark road ahead occasionally illuminated by the headlights of a passing vehicle. He waited even though he wasn't sure what he was waiting for, but still, the woman on the other end of the call didn't say a word.

Finally, Jadon couldn't hold his tongue. "Aren't you going to say something?" he demanded, his tone heavy with frustration.

The silence continued for another beat and then he heard a heavy sigh and her soft voice followed a second after. "What do you want, Jadon?"
###chapter 31
The window creaked as Tapiwa carefully pushed it open. She immediately froze, squeezed her eyes shut, and waited. Nothing. No one came to investigate the sound. She was almost surprised. The sound had been so loud she'd thought for sure someone would come but no one did. 

Still, she held her breath and looked over her shoulder toward the entrance of the living room. The house was dark since everyone had gone to bed over an hour ago. Tapiwa should have been in bed too but after her call with Jadon that wasn't about to happen.

Jadon asked to see her and instead of waiting for the next day like normal, sensible people would have done, Tapiwa had given Jadon her address and told him to wait on the street in front of her parent's house. That was over two hours ago. Jadon had texted her when he parked as instructed and she had told him to wait.

In all her years, even when her friends had gone through their teenage rebellious phases, Tapiwa had been the good girl. She'd never snuck out of her parent's house even though she had been invited to numerous parties. Tapiwa had been the perfect daughter her parents trusted. Until now.

She couldn't believe she was doing it but it didn't stop her from clenching her teeth and pushing the window again more carefully this time until it was open wide enough for her to climb out. 

The temperature outside the house was cold. Tapiwa paused for a beat and just absorbed that. She was standing on the gravel that surrounded the flowerbeds along the wall of the house in nothing but her pajamas, a loose T-shirt and shorts, and house slippers. 

"This is crazy," she muttered to herself. If she had any sense, she would turn back around, climb back into the house, and go to bed. She didn't. Instead, Tapiwa gently pushed the window so it wasn't so obvious that it was open. And then she made her way down the dark driveway to the street.

Before she reached the street, she heard a car door open and then Jadon was in her line of sight, standing next to his car. She hesitated a second. He waited, never making a move or saying a word. Tapiwa had the feeling he was giving her the opportunity to turn around and walk away if that was what she wanted. 

Tapiwa walked toward him and when he opened the back passenger door for her, she didn't hesitate to climb in. The door shut after her, enveloping her in the warmth of the vehicle and Jadon's scent as the man in question walked confidently around the car and climbed in on the other side.

For a minute, neither of them said a word. They kept the light off inside the car but a well-positioned street light filtered in through the windows making visibility possible. Tapiwa stared ahead, her hands clasped together on her lap while Jadon glared down at his phone. The silence was heavy with tension. Tapiwa couldn't stand it. She shifted in her seat and then decided to just face Jadon and whatever he had come to tell her. 

"Why are you here, Jadon?"

"That's a good question, " Jadon answered out of the blue with a strained chuckle. Seeming rather agitated, he dropped his phone on his lap and ran his hand over his hair. "Why did you agree to see me?" he asked.

Tapiwa looked away. "I don't know," she answered truthfully. She had asked herself the same question while she waited for the coast to be clear so she could sneak out and meet him. After their last conversation in the car park, she knew she shouldn't have even given it a thought. But she had and now she was seated in his car in nothing but her blue oversized pajamas.

"Have you already spoken to your family?" 

Tapiwa's head whipped back around. She snorted. "Do you think I would look so calm and whole if I had?"

His frown deepened. "Probably not."

"Is that why you came?" Tapiwa asked. "Were you worried about what might have happened to me?" 

"I was worried," Jadon confessed. "But no It wasn't what made me drive my car here tonight." He paused for a beat, his frown deepening as he glared out the side window into the dark. "I was on a date tonight." 

The air rushed out of Tapiwa's lungs. She pressed herself back into the seat as though to create as much space between them as possible. "Oh." Was the only thing she managed. 

Jadon turned and looked at her, the expression on his face unreadable. "Just someone I met at the gym some time back," he explained.

"I don't need an explanation," Tapiwa snapped. "It's not as though we are in a relationship. What you do is your business." The words left her lips but she felt the lie in them as rage coursed through her veins. 

Suddenly, the inside of the vehicle was too hot and smelled too much of betrayal. Tapiwa wondered if she could catch the other woman's scent in the car if she paid attention. She didn't want to and getting out of the car seemed like the best possible idea at that moment.

Without waiting for what he had to say, she jerked her body around and reached for the door.

"No!" Jadon suddenly growled before he had his hands on her waist and he was lifting her in the air and depositing her on his lap to face him. Jadon removed one hand from her waist and cupped her cheek, urging her to meet his gaze. 

"I kept thinking about you."

She'd intended to struggle and get off his lap but his words stopped her. Tapiwa blinked at him like a deer caught in headlights. Something changed in the air between them. 

The warmth of his hand on her cheek almost felt like a branding fire. The heat of it traveled down her body until she felt it in other more interesting places. Her nipples hardened and brushed against the soft fabric of her shirt. Suddenly too warm, her body pulsing with a need she had only become aware of recently, Tapiwa's tongue sneaked out from between her teeth and licked at her bottom lip. 

Jadon's eyes fell to her lip as they darkened. As though talking more to himself than Tapiwa, he murmured, "I couldn't stop thinking about the kiss. So brief but it sparked a fire I haven't been able to quench." His eyes then snapped up and met hers. He frowned. "Why?"

"Why what?" Tapiwa croaked. The palms of her hands were pressed against his chest. Tapiwa felt the fast beat of his heart that matched her own.
###chapter 32
  

Tapiwa expected Jadon to answer her question and elaborate on his thoughts. She expected them to maybe discuss what was going to happen about their situation. Jadon coming to see her in the middle of the night told Tapiwa that something had changed. What that change meant for her, she had no idea but she was willing to find out.

However, what happened next stole the air from Tapiwa's lungs and left her grasping at his shirt as though she needed a firm hold on him to ensure she didn't float away on the cool breeze outside the vehicle.

Unlike the tentative, soft kiss they had shared in Jadon's office yesterday morning, the one Jadon claimed from her now was so passionate her toes curled on either side of him and her innermost intimate muscles clenched. 

A loud moan tore out of Tapiwa's throat. She threw caution to the wind and eradicated any sliver of space that had existed between their bodies moments before. With no underwear on under her pajamas, the close contact with his hard body was both frustrating and exhilarating. She felt everything yet the barrier of clothes still prevented it from fully registering to all her senses.

A groan of frustration slipped out of her. Or perhaps it had come from Jadon, she wasn't sure. All Tapiwa knew was that one moment they were kissing, Jadon's tongue tasting every inch of her mouth, and then the next, he had her on her back in the backseat. 

Her pajama shorts went down to her knees while her shirt found its way up, trapped by her arms. Jadon's still impeccably dressed form hovered over hers. He suddenly grabbed her right breast just before he bent his head and took her nipple inside his warm mouth and sucked hard. 

The zap of electricity was sudden and intense, spreading from her breast to her core. Tapiwa arched her back, desperate for more. Her arms came up around Jadon, frantically grabbing at him to draw him closer. There were too many clothes still on his body and Tapiwa couldn't understand why through her haze of desire. She wanted skin. She wanted more.

Then, as though reading her mind, Jadon gave her more. His fingers found her wet pussy and stroked once before she suddenly felt something much harder and broader against her heated center. Before any clear thought entered her mind, Jadon pushed forward and Tapiwa's mouth fell open in a silent scream.

For a dizzying moment, Tapiwa thought her heart stopped beating. She couldn't breathe as her body fought to comprehend the new sensations. There was pain and discomfort because, of course, Jadon had to be well-hung. But there was also a buzz of intense pleasure that hummed just below the surface still out of reach but promising to me mindblowing. 

"Fuck! You are tight," Jadon groaned as he rolled his hips and settled deeper into her body. Tapiwa whimpered. He froze but he didn't pull out. Not that she wanted him to. 

"Breathe," Jadon whispered in a strained voice, his mouth now on her neck trailing kisses and sucking her skin hard enough to leave a mark. "Tapiwa, I need you to breathe. Tell me you're okay so I can move. I'm dying here." 

An unexpected chuckle burst out of Tapiwa. Startled, Jadon lifted his head and frowned down at her. "Okay Laughing isn't what I expect when I am buried deep in a woman's tight body. What's so funny?"

Tapiwa couldn't help it, she chuckled again but sobered fast when it made her muscles clench and the hard cock buried in her body twitched. She gasped and then licked her lips, all the while holding his narrowed, heated gaze. 

Thankfully, she found her words again because it seemed the man was waiting for an answer. "You are talking about dying but I'm the one being split in two by your cock. Have you any idea how big you are?"

He looked shocked by her words. Then a smirk took over his face. "Oh, baby, that's the wrong thing to tell a man." Jadon rolled his hips again before he pulled out until only the swollen head remained. When he slammed back in, Tapiwa wasn't sure whether she wanted to slap him or beg him to do it again. He didn't give her the time to decide though. Jadon repeated the move again and again, something that must have been difficult to do considering they were in the back of a car and space was limited but he made it look effortless. 

As minutes ticked by, Tapiwa threw her head back and moaned, feeling the buzz increase inside her body until she was chasing it with all her might. When the fireworks exploded behind her closed eyelids, Tapiwa was sure she was floating. She was only vaguely aware that Jadon moved twice, three times and then he tensed on top of her and released a deep groan. 

For a long minute, heavy breathing filled the car. Along with the scent of sex and sweat. Neither of them moved. Tapiwa didn't want to say anything and risk popping the bubble they were in. She felt so good but the thoughts were already trying to creep back into her mind. But Tapiwa shoved them down with a mental shake of her head. Reality could wait just a few more minutes, she thought.

Unfortunately, the universe didn't think they needed a few minutes. Suddenly, a door was pulled open, and cold air rushed in. It was worse than being dumped in a tub full of ice-cold water. Someone shouted but Tapiwa couldn't make out what was said, she was only aware of the fact that Jadon was suddenly tugged backward off her body and out of the car. 

Instinct made Tapiwa rush to right her pajamas and hide her body as she watched Jadon fall to the ground outside the car with a grunt of pain. Then she looked up and met the eyes of the person who had burst into their moment like a storm and crashed it. Her blood went cold. Oh, god. She was dead.
###chapter 33
Jadon was familiar with the term 'all hell broke loose' but he was sure he had never personally experienced an event that warranted its use. Not until tonight, that is.

Pandemonium. It was another word that crossed his disoriented brain as Jadon tried to make sense of what had just happened. One moment he was riding an orgasm high so great that he was contemplating taking Tapiwa back with him to his house so he could do it all over again but this time on a bed and with more finesse. He was sure they could go a few more rounds before exhaustion took over and their bodies demanded sleep. 

But then the door behind him opened and shit hit the fan. 

With his semi-hard cock still buried deep inside Tapiwa's body, it took him a second to realize what was happening. It had been a second too long. Before he knew it, Jadon found himself out of the car, dragged off Tapiwa's warm body by a pair of rough hands.

Like a bag of stones, Jadon landed with a painful thud on the cold, hard tarmac. Pain immediately radiated all along his left side which had taken the impact. Jadon groaned but he didn't move to defend himself just yet. He was more concerned with tucking his cock back into his trousers before their attacker got any ideas. Unfortunately, their attacker wasn't going to wait for him to get decent.

"You son of a bitch!" Rage hung off the words foretelling of what was to come. Jadon didn't have to wait long to find out. A second later, Jadon felt the first punch to his face. 

Damn. Whoever had hit him had fists like sledgehammers, Jadon thought as his head whipped back sharply from the impact. He immediately tasted the coppery taste of his own blood as his teeth nipped the inside of his cheek. 

The next punch was to his abdomen. Or had it been a kick? Jadon wasn't sure. There was just sudden, intense pain that joined the dizzying buzz in his head from the first hit. Everything blended, making it difficult to process what was happening. The only thing he was sure of at that moment was that the fists hitting him belonged to a very angry man. Jadon was also sure he would be killed if he didn't get up soon and defend himself.

"How dare you!?!" the man shouted again before another blow landed. 

Shit! That one felt twice as hard and Jadon fell flat to the ground, coughing and groaning as more pain assaulted him. Okay. This wasn't his finest moment, he thought after a handful of seconds. But he wasn't going to be some man's punching bag. Being caught off guard was one thing. Allowing himself to be reduced to nothing but a bleeding mess was something completely unacceptable.

So, while still feeling as though he couldn't draw a full breath into his lungs without coughing out a lung, Jadon pushed to his feet. That earned him another blow to the head that nearly sent him back down on his ass. 

Then he heard Tapiwa scream. "No! Dad. Stop. You will kill him."

Dad? Well shit, Jadon thought with dread. That explained the rage he felt radiating off the man in buckets. Jadon had been discovered balls deep inside Tapiwa in the back of his car by her father. Damn. Talk about the worst timing in history. 

For a second, Jadon almost burst out laughing. Not out of humor, just the awkwardness of the situation. Thankfully, he swallowed it down fast. 

But just then, someone brushed past him and it took Jadon a second to realize that it was Tapiwa. She stumbled out of the car and stood between him and her father. 

"Dad, stop!" A loud cry followed the words mixed in with the sound of skin being smacked hard. Despite his pain, Jadon jerked upright just in time to catch Tapiwa stumbling back into him. He realized that her father had hit her and just like that, Jadon's anger spiked. 

Jadon maneuvered Tapiwa to stand behind him, away from her father. Then he finally took a good look at the man who had almost beaten him to a pulp. And would probably still do it judging by the fury that burned in his eyes.

Taking in the man's features, Jadon saw that the resemblance was obvious between father and daughter even though the man's skin was darker and he wore a severe scowl on his face. Jadon also immediately concluded he was in trouble if the man charged at him again. Jadon wasn't weak, although he never made it a habit to get into brawls. But even he could admit that the man standing in front of him wouldn't be easy to take down. For a man who should have been well into his sixties, Mr. Mvula looked to be in very good shape with lean, hard muscles clearly hardened by physical work.

There was also the small matter that Mr. Mvula had every right to be upset. No father wanted to find his daughter being fucked in the backseat of a car right in front of his house. Okay, Jadon mentally cringed. He had messed up. Again. And this time he had no one to blame but himself.

Just then, a commotion at the front of the house snapped all their attention. Jadon watched as two women and a young man about his age poured out of the Mvula house and rushed toward them.

The older of the two women immediately moved to stand next to Mr.Mvula and Jadon hazarded a guess that she was the wife. Tapiwa's mother. Which meant the others had to be Tapiwa's siblings. Great. The whole family was there now.

"Allen," what's going on?" Mrs. Mvula asked quietly, her frowned gaze fixed on Jadon and Tapiwa who hadn't stepped out from behind him despite everyone being able to see her. 

Allen Mvula flexed his fisted hand. His face twisted into an even uglier scowl of disgust before the raw emotion coated the words that left his mouth. "Why don't you ask your daughter?" But before his wife could ask Tapiwa, the man seemed to grow impatient and blurted out, "I found your daughter being fucked right in front of my house!"

Shocked gasps echoed around them. Every eye fell on Jadon and Tapiwa. Jadon felt Tapiwa's hands fist into the back of his shirt. She was shaking. The tremors were so strong they vibrated through him. Jadon wasn't sure what to do. This was one of those situations he had never thought he would ever find himself in. So, he kept his mouth shut, which only seemed to fuel Allen's rage.

The older man pointed a shaking finger at Jadon. "You have destroyed my daughter!" 

Jadon clenched his teeth together to stop his impulsive response from slipping out. He hadn't destroyed anyone's daughter. He and Tapiwa had sex. They were two consenting adults. The location had been wrong, he agreed, but Jadon thought Mr. Mvula was being a little over dramatic. Unfortunately, the rest of his family didn't think so.

Tapiwa's mother began to sob, nodding her head in agreement with her husband. "How could you, Tapiwa? You have ruined everything." 

"No decent man would ever marry you!" Allen bellowed. He took a step toward them and Jadon reacted by taking a step back, still using his body to shield Tapiwa. That made her father's glare turn murderous. "This is your fault. You corrupted my daughter and now she is as valuable as a prostitute at the corner of the street!"

"Sir, I don't think-" Jadon started before the words were cut short by another punch aimed at his face. He dodged it. Damn it. Jadon understood the old man was pissed but he wasn't going to stand there and take a beating for free. 

Allen's chest heaved, clearly pissed he hadn't landed another blow. He raised the finger again. "I will not be put to shame."

Pure dread washed over Jadon. He didn't need a magic crystal to know he wasn't going to like what came out of the older man's mouth next. He was right.

"You are going to marry my daughter."
###chapter 34
"I can't do that." 

The words slammed into Tapiwa like a kick to the gut. Jadon's response hurt more than everything her father had said and done in the last five minutes. 

He wouldn't marry her. That hurt. Not that she had envisioned marriage while she had been taking his cock shamelessly in the backseat of his car. But for Jadon to simply refuse without any hesitation made Tapiwa feel like the whores her father now compared her to. 

Suddenly, Tapiwa felt foolish. She released her hold on his shirt and took a step away from him. How stupid could she have been? Had she really thought Jadon saw her more than just an easy lay? What? Had he come to just make sure he had a round with her he could actually remember?  She mused with growing bitterness. 

Unshed tears burned the back of her eyes even as the cold air of the night made goosebumps form all over her body. She couldn't look up and meet the gazes of her family. Shame like nothing she had ever felt before swamped her. Tapiwa would have paid anything to turn back time and never sneak out of the house to meet Jadon tonight. Hell, she would have paid a kidney to turn back time and never go to the party or even meet Asher Paterson because that was the point at which the train wreck had started. It had now reached its peak. 

Tempers and voices continued to rise around her. "You think you can just sleep with my daughter and walk away!" her father bellowed.

"I will kick your ass if you think you can just use my sister for a cheap lay," Lute chipped in just as angrily.

"I'm not saying she was a cheap lay," Jadon fired back. "But that doesn't mean I will marry her. I don't even know her!"

Tapiwa cringed at the truth in those words. She felt the eyes fall back on her. "What the hell!" Allen cursed. "Tapiwa! You opened your legs for a man you don't even know? Is that what you are doing now? Selling your body?"

Tapiwa shook her head hard. There was no way she would let her family believe that. "No. Jadon is He's Asher's brother."

Silence fell. Tapiwa curled her hands into the hem of her pajama shirt, she still kept her head bent, chin to her chest. She couldn't look up and meet the judgment and disgust in her family's faces. And she knew it was there because if there was one thing Allen Mvula treasured more than going to church every Sunday, it was morals and the perfect reputation. Tapiwa had just taken a dump on both. 

"You are Asher Paterson's brother?" Miranda finally asked after a long minute. 

Tapiwa didn't hear Jadon respond, but he must have confirmed it because, in the next breath, her mother went off in an anguished voice. "Oh, lord, child! What have you done? Tapiwa! You slept with your boyfriend's brother! How could you?"

"How could she?" Allen gritted out through clenched teeth. "Obviously you have done a poor job of instilling the right moral code in your daughter. That's why she could do this!"

Oh, god. Tapiwa took a step back and wrapped her arms around herself. This kept getting worse and worse. Her mother began to cry as her father continued to declare her an unfit mother responsible for her daughter's misconduct. Tapiwa wanted to go to her mother's defense. It wasn't her mother's fault that any of this had happened.

But she couldn't open her mouth and say anything. Her throat felt tight as though she had a noose wrapped around it. Her feet wouldn't move either. She remained rooted next to Jadon's car. 

Then, just when she thought things couldn't get any worse, chaos exploded again. Lute let out an angry growl and before Tapiwa could comprehend what was happening, her brother charged toward Jadon like a football player determined to tackle and take his opponent off his feet. Which was what he did.

Lute bent his body just before he reached Jadon and slammed his shoulder into Jadon's abdomen. Tapiwa let out a shout of shock which was drowned out by the grunts of pain that escaped both men as they both tumbled to the hard ground.

In an instant, both men tried to get the upper hand. They rolled on the ground, exchanging hits. Tapiwa watched in horror as Jadon took an elbow to the nose. A sickening crunch cut through the air and in the next second, blood began to ooze out of his broken nose.

Desperate for someone to do something, Tapiwa looked up at her father, hoping he would stop them before they killed each other. But Allen Mvula didn't look like a man about to stop anything. He stood with his arms folded over his chest, watching the fight with a sneer. 

Her mother and sister didn't seem inclined to get involved either. Miranda sobbed quietly beside her husband while Amy looked on with what looked like fascination plastered on her face. 

Tapiwa didn't know what to do. The urge to stop her brother from killing Jadon hit her hard, which was a shock considering she wanted to strangle the man herself for using her and humiliating her in front of her family. 

However, before she could act on her impulse to save Jadon, the sound of sirens filled the air. In a matter of seconds, they were surrounded by flashing blue and red lights from two police cars parked on either side of Jadon's sleek vehicle. 

The moment was surreal. Everything happened so fast. Four police officers rushed forward, shouting something Tapiwa couldn't comprehend. Before she knew it, Jadon and Lute were separated, each held down by two police officers.

In a blink of an eye, handcuffs were then wrapped and secured around each wrist before Jadon and Lute found themselves seated in the back seat of the police car.

"Miss?" An officer said to Tapiwa, snapping her attention away from the sight of Jadon, beaten and bloodied now seated with his arms cuffed behind his back in a police cruiser. 

"Yes?" she whispered, vaguely aware that another officer was also talking to her angry father and crying mother.

The young officer in front of Tapiwa gave her a sympathetic smile and then gently took her arm to lead her away from her father's raised voice. They didn't go far, just to the other end of the driveway. Then the officer dropped his hand and took out a small notebook. "Do you want to tell me what happened here tonight?"

Tapiwa blinked, her jaw clenching shut. Oh, she definitely didn't want to tell anyone what had happened. She wished she could erase it from her life permanently. Unfortunately, that wouldn't happen.
###chapter 35
The stench of the police cell filled Jadon's nose and made him feel sick to his stomach. Or maybe that had something to do with the gut punches he had gotten. 

Anyhow, he wondered how it was even possible he could smell all the sweat, piss, blood, and maybe even vomit that had ever covered the floor of the cell since the place was built when his nose was swollen. Well, at least it had stopped bleeding. But he could barely draw air through his swollen nasal passages. However, considering the horrible smell of the place, maybe that was a blessing, he mused.

With his left eye swollen shut and the right one halfway there, Jadon took full stock of his injuries as he sat on the most uncomfortable bench in his life. In all honesty, Jadon had to admit, at least to himself, that he'd had his ass handed to him well and good. Not that he had held back either. 

He couldn't see Tapiwa's brother since the man had been put in another cell when they arrived at the station. Probably for the best since Jadon was sure they would have ended up exchanging more punches if they were put in the same cell. Still, Jadon knew he had done some serious damage to the man as well. It was a small consolation.

A low groan escaped his throat when he tried to straighten his back. Damn. Jadon didn't want to see what the damage looked like under his ruined suit. It felt as though a truck had run over him several times and he was just one giant bruise.

What Jadon needed was a soak in a tub full of hot water and his bath salts, a glass or maybe a bottle of Johnnie Walker, and some painkillers. The combination on that list may not have been healthy, but Jadon didn't care and would have given his right thumb to be out of the police cell already and back in his house so he could fulfill his needs. 

Unfortunately, he had to wait for Ezra to come and bail him out. That's who he had called when he was allowed his one phone call. He could have called Kaelo or his father but Jadon wasn't in the mood for a long lecture. Not right now. He knew he wouldn't avoid it but he could buy himself a few more hours.

Thinking of hours, Jadon looked up at the small window at the top, near the ceiling. He could see the gray light of dawn peek in through the old glass. Well damn. The night from hell had ended and it was a new day. Too bad he couldn't be excited about it.

No formal charges had been made but Jadon had been told that Tapiwa's father was claiming Jadon raped his daughter and assaulted his son. It was such a ridiculous claim, that Jadon had burst out laughing when he was told. The officers, of course, hadn't appreciated his humor. They didn't appreciate who he was even more.

Jadon got the sense that the police officers thought he was just some rich playboy who thought he could get away with anything. They would probably have locked him up and thrown away the key already, except for the fly in Mr. Mvula's plans. Tapiwa's statement hadn't collaborated with her father's. 

If Jadon was honest, he was surprised she hadn't just gone along with whatever her father had said. And something told Jadon that by telling the truth and sparing him a prison sentence her father clearly thought he deserved, Allen Mvula would take his anger out on her. 

Damn it. Jadon thought back to everything that had happened. Perhaps he should have agreed to marry her, he mused and then shook his head. No. Fuck that. They were in the twenty-first century damn it. People didn't get forced into marriage just because they had been caught rubbing their genitals against each other. 

Besides, how was he going to explain that to his parents and brother? Although Jadon knew that particular boat had sailed as soon as the police had shown up and handcuffed him. "Shit," he cursed under his breath and then winced when the split on his lip stretched. Oh, yeah. He was banged up pretty well. 

"Paterson?" 

Jadon looked up at the uniformed man standing at the wall-to-wall steel bars of the small cell glaring at him. "Yeah?" he answered even though he was the only one in the cell and there was no mistaking the name belonged to him.

The officer scoffed and shook his head before he instructed Jadon to get up. "Your bail has been posted. Lucky you. You get to go home already."

Lucky? Jadon didn't feel so lucky but he kept that to himself. Instead, he stood up, walked over to the electronic doors, and waited for the officer to lazily signal for the cell to be opened. He had to clench his jaw and swallow down his anger as the officers took their time triple-checking that everything he had come in with was returned to him. Apparently, they didn't want Jadon to send his rich lawyers down on them for losing an expensive wristwatch or tie clip.

Finally, by the time Jadon walked out of the back where the cells were held he was ready to punch one of the clowns masquerading as law enforcement officers. Thankfully, he spotted Ezra and quickly made his way to his friend.

"Shit," Ezra cursed only low enough for Jadon to hear. "Did you go ten rounds with Ali or something? What the hell happened to your face?"

Jadon kept his mouth shut and limped out of the station toward the car park where he assumed Ezra had parked his car. 

"Seriously, man," Ezra pressed, following right behind him. "When you said you'd been arrested for fighting, I thought you dished it out to the other guy." 

"I did," Jadon confirmed not breaking his stride toward the car.

Behind him, Ezra snorted in disbelief. "Are you sure? Dude, you look like you got put through the meat grinder. Your bruises have bruises."

Jadon stopped, turned, and glared at his friend. The move must have looked stupid with one eye swollen shut and the other barely open a sliver. This would explain why Ezra pressed his lips together as though he was trying to stop himself from laughing. Jadon didn't care if his friend laughed. Hell, he would have paid to find some humor in the situation. "Tapiwa's father caught us having sex in the backseat of my car in front of his house. He roughed me up a little and then his son, her brother, finished the job when I refused to marry her."

Ezra's mouth fell agape. He stared at Jadon as though Jadon had just grown an extra head. Jadon almost chuckled. Almost. Unfortunately, he was yet to find the strength to laugh at the madness that had been his night. 

Without waiting for a response, Jadon turned back around and resumed his painful walk toward Ezra's Mazda. That's when he spotted his father walking toward them with a scowl that would have made a lesser man wither and crumple to the gravel just to avoid what was coming.

"Fuck. Did you call him?" Jadon asked Ezra in a harsh whisper.

"Are you nuts? You know I wouldn't." 

Then how the hell had his father found out he was at the police station before the sun was even up in the sky? Jadon wondered. Too bad he couldn't ask the man when he finally reached them. 

"Arrested!" Lewis Paterson hissed through clenched teeth. His eyes darted around for a beat, letting Jadon know that his father was avoiding creating a scene. That was good.

"Father, I can explain," Jadon began.

Lewis silenced him with a sharp cutting gesture in the air. "Shut it! I don't want to hear anything out of your mouth. Do you know how embarrassing it is to learn that my son has been arrested for a stupid fight in the middle of the night over a girl? Have you lost your damn mind, Jadon?"

Maybe? Jadon almost told his father but knew it was better to keep his mouth shut. 

A string of curses flew out of his father's mouth before the older man seemed to remember himself and where they were. He took a deep breath. It didn't help. "Of all the women you had to get tangled with, you pick the one with no moral scruples? She just played both you and your brother. That's the kind of woman you get arrested for!"

Then, seemingly too agitated to say anything more on the subject, Lewis looked over Jadon's shoulder at Ezra. "Ezra, take my idiot son to the hospital and let a doctor fix him up. Then I want you to take him home." The cold, angry eyes fell back on Jadon. "And you, If you know what's good for you, you will do exactly what I say and stay away from that stupid girl."

Jadon's jaw hurt from how hard he clenched it. But he knew he didn't have to say a single word right now. So, he nodded. It was enough for Lewis. The man turned his snarl toward the police station. "Go on. Get out of here. I will go and clean up your mess."
###chapter 36
"Ah!" Tapiwa cried out in fright. The sound of the ceramic vase crashing against the wall right by her head was enough to send her heart rate skyrocketing. Instinct made her duck her head even as she kept moving. She had to keep moving and get out of there. Her life quite literally depended on it.

"Allen, stop!" Tapiwa heard her mother cry out behind her from somewhere down the hallway. The raw desperation in Miranda's voice echoed the one that twisted Tapiwa's guts. But she didn't stop to see if her father would listen to his wife's pleas or if the man would continue in his rage-infused chase after her. 

The latter was more likely to happen. The man had just thrown a vase at her for heaven's sake. And it had been a nice vase too. One of the few her mother had ever spent a good amount of money on. Tapiwa thought it was a shame it now lay shuttered all over the floor, just like her life. Hell, she had to get out or she would really be nothing but broken bones on the floor if her father got his hands on her again.

Thankfully, she was already at the front door. Without hesitation, and as fast as her trembling fingers could grab the knob, Tapiwa threw it open and made a run for it. In her haste, her bare feet slipped on the small welcome mat right outside the door. The sudden shift in her equilibrium almost sent her crashing to the floor. But with a quick grab of the door frame, Tapiwa avoided the crash and kept her footing.

This was just as well because Tapiwa heard her father's heavy footsteps racing towards her seconds before the sound of a leather belt cracked through the air. Already familiar with what pain awaited her if she didn't move, Tapiwa threw herself forward, off the front porch.

Landing hard on the lawn barefoot and only wearing her pajamas was far much better than taking another strike from that belt. The skin on her back and the back of her thighs were already on fire from the five strikes she hadn't been able to escape while her father held her in place with one firm hand and delivered his punishment with the other. Tapiwa couldn't take any more.

Frantic to get away anyway she could, she scrambled on her hands and knees across the small lawn in front of the house, uncaring of any scrapes and bruises she got. When she was on the edge of the driveway with the tarred road in front of her, Tapiwa stumbled to her shaky feet and limped her way across the tarmac. Lucky for her, there were no cars driving by and she made it across in no time. 

Only then did Tapiwa stop running. Still shaking, she bent over, bracing her hands on her knees, and coughed. Tapiwa was breathless. Her chest hurt, and her vision swam and blurred from the tears as she sobbed. Unfortunately, she couldn't stay like that for long. She was still in deep trouble.

Desperate for help from anyone, Tapiwa straightened, wiped the tears from her eyes, and searched the road. It was empty. A cry of anguish almost fell out of her mouth. Of course, it was empty. It was still morning but it was just late enough that all the people who rushed off for work and school were already gone and those who stayed home all day were still in bed, doing morning chores, or leisurely sipping their coffee in the confines of their homes unaware of her predicament. Whichever the case, the sad reality was that no one was there to rescue her from her father's rage.

Not even her siblings. Lute was still at the police station after he was handcuffed and taken away along with Jadon. Jadon. God, Tapiwa couldn't believe that had really happened. It had been a roller coaster of emotions, from desire to bliss. Then they were discovered and introduced to shamed beyond her wildest imaginations. Only it hadn't ended there. Jadon had rejected her and Tapiwa thought her heart had nearly shuttered. 

Still, sifting through emotions wasn't her current priority. Her father was and it seemed she was alone to do it. Amy was home but her sister knew better than to leave her bedroom and interfere. That would have been the equivalent of waving a red flag in front of a bull. Allen Mvula wasn't above making sure his youngest daughter got the message never to repeat Tapiwa's mistakes.

Speaking of her father, Tapiwa shot a glance back toward her parents' house and saw that both her parents had ventured out of the house but stopped halfway across the lawn. Allen still held the belt in his right hand. It was no longer folded, she quickly realized. Instead, her father gripped it from the tail end, leaving the heavy buckle swinging by his leg. The scowl on his face told Tapiwa not to dare approach him. Unless she wanted to know what that buckle would feel like when it met her flesh.

Miranda stood a step behind her husband, her cheeks wet with tears that continued to run freely from her eyes. In a feeble attempt to calm the situation, she grabbed her husband's left arm, urging him back into the house. But Allen wouldn't budge. Not when he still had something to get off his chest.

The glare he sent Tapiwa made her shudder and take a step back, creating more distance between them. Tapiwa would have loved to say she knew her father wouldn't kill her. She couldn't. He was pissed and rightly so, all things considered. But how that rage had manifested left her reeling and doubting the value of her own life in her father's eyes. 

In Tapiwa's part of the world, it wasn't unheard of to hear that a parent or guardian had taken a punishment a step too far. Those were the stories that gave everyone goosebumps when they aired on the evening news. But they were also the unspoken norm.

Some of those stories had even struck close to home. Tapiwa could still remember the horror of finding out that her aunt, who just happened to be her father's cousin, had beaten her daughter, Suzzie,  into a coma for getting pregnant at the young age of fifteen. 

Tapiwa's cousin had survived the ordeal and woken from the coma two weeks later but the pregnancy hadn't. The last time Tapiwa had inquired about her cousin's wellbeing she learned that Suzzie would never be able to have kids again due to extensive damage to her womb from the beatings. 

Suzzie no longer lived with her parents, of course. No, strangely enough, Tapiwa's now eighteen-year-old cousin was living in her own house, in another country, married to the same guy that had impregnated her.  

And as for her father's cousin, the woman had done less than a year in a minimum security prison for assaulting her daughter and causing the death of her unborn grandchild. 

When the story hit social media, there were so many mixed feelings on the subject. Some believed her cousin should have been disciplined for bringing shame to her family while others, with more sense in their heads in Tapiwa's opinion, had thought the mother should have had more time behind bars and preferably with hard labor in a maximum security facility. 

Unfortunately, whatever was done to the mother would never turn the clock back and fix what was already damaged in Suzzie's body. Just like Tapiwa couldn't turn the clock back and fix her error last night. 

But she could stay far away from her father and prevent him from doing something that they would both regret once the tempers were cooled. At least, Tapiwa knew she would regret whatever happened since she would be on the receiving end of it. 

As though to confirm Tapiwa's fears, her father spoke and his words held the venom she saw in his eyes. "No one under my roof will bring shame to my name. No one!"

Her father took a step forward, his fingers still wrapped around the belt. Self-preservation made Tapiwa take two steps back. Her eyes immediately darted left and right, planning her route of escape. Because the choices were clear. It was either she ran or she died at her father's hand. But her father didn't advance further. Only his words grew colder.

"I don't want to see your face, Tapiwa. You are no daughter of mine."

Tapiwa's heart sunk to her feet. She shook her head, denying the words. Her mouth opened, but she couldn't get any words out. Soon her vision blurred and she realized she was crying again. Looking at her mother through the haze of tears, Tapiwa saw that Miranda, too was crying. But the woman didn't contradict her husband or stand up for Tapiwa. Damn. That hurt.

Her chest squeezed and she couldn't stop more tears from running down her face. Especially not when her father abruptly turned around, grabbed his wife's arm, and marched them back toward the house. The sound of the front door being slammed shut echoed with finality on the quiet street. It seemed to take the last of her strength.

Without thought, Tapiwa dropped to her knees on the sidewalk and let out a shout burdened by all the pain and hurt she felt. It was all she could do.
###chapter 37
Jadon had strict instructions from his father to stay out of sight until his face didn't look as though he had been on the receiving end of a horse's kick to the face. Yeah. Jadon wasn't doing that.

Barely twenty-four hours after the whole fiasco with the Mvula family he was already getting itchy just staring at the walls of his house. Jadon needed air and he wasn't talking about the measured breeze that came in through his open windows. 

Jadon wanted to go for a drive. If that drive happened to take him into Tapiwa's neighborhood, he wasn't going to think too hard about it. Just as he wasn't going to think too hard about the reason he asked Ezra to find out what had happened to Tapiwa after the whole ordeal yesterday.

Ezra had yet to give him any report. That was either good or very bad. Jadon couldn't decide but it added to his unease tenfold. Which was probably why he couldn't relax and needed to go for a drive.

Mind made up, Jadon carefully made his way to his foyer for his shoes and jacket. Except, when he got there, the thought of bending and putting on his shoes almost brought frustrated tears to his eyes. 

Shit! He was in pain. Ezra hadn't lied when he'd told Jadon that his bruises had bruises. Thankfully, despite how bad he looked, he hadn't needed stitches. The doctor had just wrapped his bruised ribs after an x-ray showed they weren't broken. A nurse cleaned all the scrapes and minor cuts, then they gave him a shot of everything before handing him a bottle of painkillers and sending him home with instructions to rest.  

Needless to say, Jadon hadn't rested and he had barely touched the pills. But now thinking of how much pain he would be in if he tried to put on his shoes and jacket, Jadon began to think maybe resting wasn't such a bad idea. And maybe he should take one or two of those pills while he was at it. Resigned, he turned around, ready to slowly walk back to his living room and nap on the couch like he should have been doing most of the day.

He barely made it two steps when the screech of tires outside in his driveway caught his attention. Apprehension quickly flooded his system. Jadon stopped moving and waited. Thankfully, he didn't have to wait long. A car door slammed and then heavy footsteps stormed up the driveway toward his front door. 

His first thought was that the Mvula men had tracked him down and were there to finish what they had started. Jadon wasn't sure he would survive another physical confrontation. For one thing, he didn't possess the legendary chi mastery of some martial arts fighters, who could allegedly fight on despite suffering broken bones. Jadon's bones were not broken but he was most certainly in too much pain to go another round with either father or son just because he had made the error of letting his libido direct his actions. 

"Jadon!" Asher's voice boomed on the other side of the door, snapping Jadon out of his thoughts. It was both a relief and not. Especially when the shout was quickly followed by a fist banging on his door loud enough to wake the dead. "Jadon, open the damn door!"

Yeah. That didn't seem like the best idea. Suddenly, Jadon was grateful to all the stars he hadn't made it out of the house like he had been thinking. There was no doubt in Jadon's mind that his brother had found out about his little adventure with Tapiwa. Jadon closed his eyes and drew a deep breath. Damn, this mess was going to be the death of him, he thought with a shake of his head. 

"Jadon!" The fist pounded again, somehow managing to rattle the windows of the house. 

"Asher, go home!" Jadon bellowed back.

There was silence for a second and then a loud thud as though someone had attempted to kick the door down. Thankfully, the solid frame stood. A second later, Jadon heard Asher curse and assumed the idiot was now in pain. He didn't open the door to find out. 

"You jealous piece of shit!" Asher shouted, kicking the door again. "Coward! Come out here and face me, you bastard!"

Jadon sighed tiredly. He gave his door a careful study just as another kick landed on it. Certain that it wouldn't suddenly give in and let his furious brother in, he shifted on his feet until his back was against the nearest wall. Then Jadon sunk to the floor and just listened as his brother howled insults at the top of his lungs, loud enough for the entire neighborhood to hear. 

Asher called Jadon every nasty thing under the sun. He accused him of always being jealous of Asher and going after his girlfriend in a fit of jealousy because apparently, Jadon had always wanted whatever Asher had.

Laughter nearly bubbled out of Jadon as he listened. But his ribs hurt, so he bit it back. Besides, there was really nothing funny about the accusations. The urge to defend himself and set the record straight was strong. 

Jadon wanted to tell his brother that he and Tapiwa had likely been drugged at the party. The proof was there in the existence of the blackmailer. But that wouldn't explain why Jadon had been balls deep in the young woman barely twenty-four hours ago. Hence, he kept his mouth shut and allowed his brother to rant like a lunatic.

Finally, after what felt like the longest half-hour of Jadon's life, Asher ran out of steam. Silence fell outside his door, but Jadon knew he was still there. He hadn't heard the car pull away. 

As the silence stretched, Jadon grew more uneasy. For some reason, he had been more comfortable listening to Asher spew insults and assaulting his door. At least that way he had known exactly where the man was and what he was thinking. Silence meant being blind.   

In a new state of panic, Jadon struggled off the floor with heavy breaths. Groans of pain slipped past his lips with every movement, reminding him of what a big idiot he had been. By the time he was upright, Jadon had a fresh sheen of sweat on his forehead and his breathing was labored. 

After listening for a beat, he gritted his teeth and stepped closer to the door. He wasn't stupid enough to open it, he just wanted to be sure he knew where Asher was or what he was doing. Jadon thought the worst thing he could do was underestimate an angry man. Angry men were unpredictable.

A minute later, Jadon was certain Asher wasn't at his front door anymore. The back door! Jadon turned around and made his way as quickly as he could to his kitchen. He couldn't remember if he had locked it and prayed he had.

The back door that led into the small backyard attached to his house was also made of solid wood. The only difference was that half of the top part was replaced by heavy glass. However, to compensate for the possible security risk the glass presented, the door also came with a grill door which Jadon thankfully realized he had locked because Asher stood there scowling at him but unable to get into the house.

Jadon grimaced at the hatred he saw in his brother's eyes. Again, the need to explain himself hit him. He didn't fight it this time. "Asher, you need to hear me out. I didn't set out to seduce and sleep with your girlfriend. I wouldn't do that to my own brother for god's sake."

Asher snorted. His lip curled in an ugly snarl. "You are no brother of mine. Mom was right." 

"What?" Jadon asked, puzzled by that statement. "What are you talking about?"

But Asher didn't respond to his question. Instead, he grabbed the grill door and shook it like a gorilla trapped in a cage. When he stopped, he was breathing hard, the glare in his eyes looked almost insane.

"You will pay for this, Jadon. I will make sure you regret ever touching what's mine!"

Jadon's lips parted, but whatever he had been about to say died on his tongue as his brother abruptly turned around and stormed off. Less than a minute later, Jadon heard the car in his driveway turn on and then a squeal of tires informed him Asher was gone.

Feeling both exhausted and a little shaken, Jadon grabbed for the island to stay upright. "Shit!"
###chapter 38
Tapiwa watched as the sky outside the window turned a mesmerizing shade of orange, red, and violet as the sun made its final journey toward the horizon to mark the end of the day from hell. She released a shaky breath from her aching chest and buried her puffy face into the soft pillow. 

Wearing a borrowed extra large T-shirt and a pair of shorts, Tapiwa felt as though her life had come to an end. Literally. But she had no more tears to shed. That was a good thing, she thought. Because after spending hours crying, Tapiwa was exhausted, dehydrated, and just a mess. She had a feeling she looked worse than something a cat might drag into the house. That thought didn't help her low mood.

But just then, as though sensing at least one of her needs, a bottle of cool water appeared in her line of vision. When Tapiwa didn't immediately grab it, however, Nicole pulled the bottle back, opened it, and then brought it closer to Tapiwa's face. 

"You need to drink this," Nicole said softly as though she was trying to coax a nervous pet. 

"I don't want to," Tapiwa croaked. God, she sounded pathetic even to her own ears. It made her want to cry again so she buried her face further into the pillow. Anything to hide just how terrible she felt even though it had to be written all over her.

When Tapiwa had turned up on Nicole's doorstep hours ago in her pajamas looking like death warmed over, Nicole had gone into a panic. It had taken Tapiwa almost an entire hour to explain everything that had happened because she couldn't stop crying. 

Nicole had cried too, because, how could she not when she saw how much Tapiwa was hurting both physically and emotionally? But then her friend had helped her bathe and apply tissue oil on the welts left behind by the leather belt. Nicole had also given Tapiwa a painkiller and helped her into bed. Tapiwa hadn't moved since.

With her brows furrowed in concern, Nicole sat down on the edge of the bed still holding the bottle of water. Slowly, almost as though she thought Tapiwa would flinch from the touch, she brought her hand to Tapiwa's swollen cheek and brushed the strands of hair away. "Tapi, I know you probably just want to lay down and hope that everything will just right itself But it doesn't work that way. You know that." 

Nicole sighed when miraculously, Tapiwa found a new fountain of tears to explore. She wiped at the new tears but continued to speak. "Don't do that, Tapi. You have done enough crying. Shit sucks but you have to pull yourself together or you will get sick and then where would that leave you? Where would it leave me? How am I supposed to handle you if you fall sick?" 

"I won't get sick," Tapiwa argued weakly and sniffed.

"Yes, you will. You haven't moved in hours. You need to eat and drink some water for your body to heal. And then you need to calm down enough to think rationally about your next step. Staring at the window and crying will not land solutions on your lap like free Christmas gifts."

Nicole wasn't the best at pep talks but Tapiwa could see her friend was really worried about her. She didn't want that. Managing a snort for the Christmas gift reference, Tapiwa finally sat up. She immediately groaned as her muscles protested and had to be helped the rest of the way until she sat with her back gingerly against the wall. 

Nicole smiled encouragingly. "Good. Now you eat something." Before Tapiwa could protest, Nicole handed her the bottle of water and then stood from the bed only to return a moment later with a bowl of cold cereal with slices of bananas and strawberries. 

Tapiwa arched a brow at her friend because, how could she not? They were talking about cereal in cold milk with some pieces of fruit. "Really healthy," Tapiwa deadpanned. 

"What?" Nicole asked in mock innocence. "I added fruits. And milk is healthy. Calcium. It's good for your bones and teeth. And And" She narrowed her eyes as her brain obviously cooked up more points. Finally, she snapped her fingers together, excitement rolling off her. "And I gave you the healthy cereal, not the cocoa puffs. This one is whole grain and low sugar."

Tapiwa couldn't help it. She burst out laughing. Her shoulders shook as she threw her head back and just let the laughter take the hurt away even for just a second. "Admit it," she said when she finally sobered. "Your mother bought it and you just want me to eat it so you don't have to."

Not looking the slightest bit guilty. Nicole shrugged. "You need to eat and I need to get rid of five boxes. Five boxes, Tapi. The woman went and bought so much and she knows I don't eat that brand." 

"She wants you to at least eat healthy," Tapiwa answered before taking a spoonful into her mouth. The truth was she had no appetite and cereal wasn't what she would have picked to eat if she had, but she couldn't turn down the food after her friend had gone to the trouble of cutting the fruits and arranging them into a happy face of sorts on top of the cereal. Nicole was trying to not only feed her but cheer her up as well. And for that, Tapiwa was grateful. 

Silence fell around them, only broken by the sound of Tapiwa chewing crunchy cereal. By some miracle, Tapiwa forced half the bowl down her throat into her stomach. Just as she was about to tell Nicole she couldn't eat anymore, there was a knock at the door. She stiffened, nearly dropping the bowl all over her lap.

Thankfully, Nicole was quick and took the bowl from her. "Jesus. Relax, Tapi. It's probably just Amy, she called earlier and said she would bring you a bag of clothes."

All the cereal Tapiwa had eaten suddenly churned in her stomach. A bag of clothes? It sounded so final as though her family was completely cutting her out of their lives. Has it gotten to that level? Tapiwa mused. She didn't want to believe that. 

But a minute later when Amy entered Nicole's one-roomed apartment dragging Tapiwa's largest suitcase behind her, Tapiwa feared it was indeed so. Her family was throwing her out. 

"Well, this is awkward," Amy said once she was inside. She rubbed the back of her neck, and all the while a grimace pinched her face as though it actually hurt her to be the one to deliver the news. 

Tapiwa was speechless. She didn't stand from the bed, couldn't even move to hug her sister. All she could do was stare at the suitcase.

Thankfully, Nicole was there to play the good host. It was her place after all. "Amy, why don't you have a seat? I can offer you something to drink. Juice? Wine?"

Amy shifted on her feet, the picture of awkward on steroids. "Uhm. Actually? I can't stay. Dad told me to deliver the suitcase and be back home within an hour. There is a cab waiting for me outside."

A whimper escaped Tapiwa's throat. She shut her eyes, refusing to see the sympathy in her sister's eyes. The fact that Amy hadn't even made a move to hug her or ask how she was spoke volumes. Tapiwa didn't want to face any of that right now. She just couldn't. 

So, with her eyes still firmly shut, Tapiwa listened as Nicole walked Amy back to the door. In a low whisper, Nicole asked Amy if Tapiwa's father had said anything else regarding Tapiwa. Really, at this point, Tapiwa was just torturing herself but she held her breath and listened, desperate to know something. Anything that would shine some glimmer of light on the situation.

There was a short silence. Then Amy's low voice crushed any trace of hope Tapiwa dared hold on to. "He doesn't want Tapiwa's name mentioned in the house, Nicole. Dad is pissed. He even took down any picture with her face."

There was silence after those words. Tapiwa didn't care. She'd heard more than enough. Allen Mvula wanted nothing to do with her. Who knew sleeping with a guy could bring so much hell into her life? Tapiwa sure as hell hadn't known it would get to this point. Guess she had been wrong and now had to face the consequences.
###chapter 39
The lights in the club were a dim blend of blues and greens. It danced across people's faces, transforming them into colorful character creations suitable for an anime. Jadon thought it was funny. Especially since it meant all the women who had spent hours doing their makeup couldn't show it off. No one would see. 

Not that people came to the overcrowded, dimly lit, sweat-smelling, loud club to admire a woman's caked-up face. Hell, even the minuscule shorts and dresses were hard to see. This probably explained why so many people were on the dance floor in the pretense of dancing while all they were really doing was touching each other everywhere. The sense of touch was after all very powerful and able to fill in the gap where sight failed.

Then again, Jadon mused to himself. Maybe they weren't even pretending and the aim of the whole exercise was to touch before they took matters further in the bathroom stalls, or in the alley behind the club. Of course, a few lucky ladies would end up in the back seat of a car or the nearest paid-by-the-hour motel. 

Because, Jadon highly doubted any self-respecting woman with no intention to spread herself like a turkey would wear clothes that hide nothing and allow total strangers to get to familiar with their bodies in public. But who was he to judge? He was in the club too after all. What did that say about him? Hadn't he been caught in a car in public as well? 

Jadon shook his head at his own thoughts. Not an easy thing to do since his head rested on his palm which was supported by his elbow that was positioned on the table keeping it in place. 

For a moment, as Jadon continued to watch the dim fiasco of morals, he wondered if someone like Tapiwa would ever find herself in such a place. She had been at the party where all this mess had started but he knew it was his brother's influence that had brought her there. 

Jadon wished she had resisted. Then again maybe not? He didn't know and he was too intoxicated to be digging for the truth within. At least he had stopped feeling most of the aches in his body. That was a plus.

"How many has he had?" Jadon heard Kaelo shout over the loud music promising to make them all deaf before they returned to their homes in the wee hours of the morning after they had probably paid for the club owner's new car by consuming half the stock of alcohol in the place. 

"Three shots and half a bottle of whiskey," Ezra answered beside Jadon before taking a sip of his own drink.

Kaelo immediately seemed to relax and settled back in his seat. "Not very intoxicated then."

Jadon released a snort. "Give me another half hour and I will remedy that."

"We agreed to go out for a few drinks. Not to get you totally wasted," Kaelo reminded him. "You are not even supposed to be drinking. Aren't you taking painkillers?"

Very slowly, while holding his friend's unimpressed gaze, Jadon brought his glass to his lips and took a gulp, barely wincing as the liquid set a fire as it went down his throat. All he got was a head shake before Kaelo looked away.

Kaelo was not a happy bunny. The man was hurt that Jadon hadn't called him right away as he had Ezra. Jadon had explained to his friend that he just hadn't been willing to get a lecture while his entire body pulsed in pain. That had only seemed to piss the man off some more. He would get over it, Jadon thought as he swallowed more alcohol. 

"Have you heard from your father yet?" Ezra asked.

"Nope." The 'p' popped off Jadon's lips, making him chuckle. Okay, it was official. He was well on his way to being totally wasted. But he wasn't there yet. His brain was still very active and feeding him thoughts he didn't want to ponder on.

But then, there was one thought he didn't want to shake off. He decided to ask before he marinated his liver to the point of forgetting. "Did you find out what happened to Tapiwa?"

Ezra wiped at the condensation on the side of his glass, brows furrowed. "I thought you would be too drunk to think of the woman tonight." 

"Does he look like he is going to forget about that woman?" Kaelo cut in. "Just look at his face. It tells you how far he is willing to go for this madness." 

"You see that?" Jadon pointed a finger at his friend. "That's why I didn't call you. You are judging. I can practically hear the gears in your head working. You want to lecture me."

"I don't. It would be a complete waste of our time," Kaelo deadpanned. 

Jadon's eyes narrowed on his friend for a second. Then he looked at Ezra. "Is he saying I am beyond help?"

"Do you want to be helped?" Kaelo countered.

"What is that supposed to mean?" 

"I don't know. You tell us." Kaelo suddenly huffed out a breath and ran his fingers through his hair. "I mean, Jadon First, you don't tell us that you woke up in a strange room naked. Then you don't tell us that you are being blackmailed until shit is about to hit the fan." 

Kaelo waved a hand between himself and Ezra before he continued. "We offered to help, but you go back to your office and just decide you are going to throw everything away."

"I told you my father was waiting for me and I just made the decision I thought was best. But you know I haven't even signed the damned contract yet." 

"That's only because you decided to go after the woman who has clearly bewitched you and fuck her on her father's front lawn." 

"We were in my car." 

Kaelo snorted. "That changes nothing, you idiot. You were in front of her father's house. You are damn lucky the man and his son didn't kill you." 

"You need to start doing more weights at the gym, man," Ezra threw in casually. 

Kaelo glared at Ezra. "That is so not the point right now." 

Feeling like his buzz was being drenched in cold water by his friend's words, Jadon swallowed the rest of his drink in one gulp before signaling to the bartender, who just happened to look their way right then for another. That was why he had insisted on a table close to the bar and it was working out well for him.

"Are you seriously just going to drink and ignore what I'm saying?" Kaelo asked in an incredulous tone as he eyed Jadon's empty glass.

Jadon turned his head and stared at his friend. "Dude, you sound like you want me to call you every minute and ask your opinion before I make a decision. When did I give you the impression I was into D/s relationships?" 

"Woah! Okay, that just went too far." Ezra waved a hand in the air. "Time out."

But Jadon wasn't done. He was now pissed and between that point when the alcohol no longer clouded his judgment enough but was still just the right amount in his bloodstream to break the connection between his brain and his mouth. So the words just tumbled out unguarded.

"You two are my best friends and I know you will always have my back. But that doesn't mean I can't make decisions concerning my own life without your input." 

"That's not what we are saying."

"No!" Jadon snapped. "What you are saying is that I should have called and told you that I woke up naked in a bed at a party. Has it occurred to you that maybe I was embarrassed and just wanted to forget the entire thing that happened? You guys are my buddies, but that doesn't mean I want you to know every time I screw up." Jadon looked at Kaelo then. "Did you call us when you thought you had accidentally slept with your cousin?"

Thankfully, Kaelo had the decency to look sheepish. The man picked up his drink and gulped before he answered. "Not my finest moment."

Jadon snorted. Ezra laughed. "You think? And we wouldn't have found out if you hadn't panicked when you heard she was pregnant weeks later. You almost had a heart attack." 

"Thank you for the reminder," Kaelo clipped and finished his drink in another swallow now seeming just as desperate to drink the thought away.  

Shaking his head, Jadon took a deep breath and let it out slowly. After a minute, he felt the flames of anger within him simmer down and he could talk calmly. "To be honest, I think where this girl is concerned my brain just takes leave and I stop thinking." 

"Yeah. We noticed," Ezra said with a soft chuckle.

"You are attracted to her?" 

Jadon met Kaelo's studying gaze and held it despite the low light in the place and all the blue and green shadows cast all over his friend's face. There was no point lying. "Yes."
###chapter 40
"Hey, Tapiwa, are you okay?" Neo asked, his voice full of concern.

Tapiwa's attention snapped up from the posters she had been arranging. They were for a book launch being held at the library for an upcoming children's book author. 

Tapiwa realized she had been staring at the colorful prints for over five minutes instead of sticking them on the notice board like she should have been doing. Her cheeks went immediately warm. 

"Uhm Hey, Neo. I'm fine. Sorry. Was just lost in my head for a bit." She gave him a smile she hoped backed up her words and got him moving. No such luck.

The furrow between Neo's brows deepened. "Are you sure? You came in late today and honestly, you haven't really been yourself. Something is obviously wrong. Don't think I haven't noticed how stiff you are. Tapiwa, you have a bruised cheek for heaven's sake. Please, tell me what's wrong. Maybe I can help. Did that ex of yours do this?"

Damn it! Tapiwa dropped her eyes to the poster, grinding her teeth together. Nicole had warned her that going to work wasn't such a good idea while she was still bruised and healing, but Tapiwa couldn't just lay down on Nicole's bed all day letting her thoughts run havoc over her. She had to keep busy for the sake of her own sanity.

She also had to work in order to get paid. Because, Tapiwa had reached the conclusion that if her father didn't forgive her sometime soon like today, then Tapiwa should be looking for ways to support herself. She couldn't rely on Nicole. Nicole didn't work and survived on her parent's generosity. Tapiwa no longer had that privilege.

Tapiwa just hadn't expected her co-worker to be all up in her business. She should have though. Neo had already shown way more interest in her life than was probably healthy. The urge to tell him to just mind his own business was high. Tapiwa really didn't want to tell her embarrassing story to the world. The people who knew were enough.

"I'm fine, Neo. Just a little trouble at home. Nothing serious." 

"Okay." Neo sounded skeptical and reluctant to drop the matter but something on Tapiwa's face must have said the topic was closed because he gave her a nod and then set down a bottle of orange Fanta she hadn't noticed him carrying. "I Uhm thought you might want a drink. It's a little hot today."

"Oh." Tapiwa glanced at the bottle as though it was a poisonous snake ready to strike at her. "Thank you," she managed with a small smile. The truth was she didn't want anything from Neo. She didn't want him to get the wrong impression and after the mess she was already in, Tapiwa didn't want further complications related to a man. If all the men could just leave her alone, she would have been grateful.

But just then, as though her guardian angel was on strike and Tapiwa had the devil tap dancing around her with a large grin on his face, the door of the library opened and Asher Paterson walked in.

The moment Tapiwa realized who it was, icicles slipped into her bloodstream and she shuddered. With a silent gasp, Tapiwa dropped to her knees, out of sight. She only remembered Neo when she heard the man make a shocked sound.

Snapping her eyes up at Neo, she realized he was about to speak. Obviously to ask what the hell was going on. Tapiwa couldn't have that, She quickly pressed a finger to her lips and made the universal signal to shut the hell up.

After that, Tapiwa turned on her knees and crawled as quickly as she could along the cracked, cold old tiles for the back of the library, all the while trying to make as little noise as possible.     

Tapiwa was already at the back door that led to the storage rooms and staff bathroom when she heard Asher's thunderous voice demanding to know where Tapiwa was. Again, Tapiwa was glad her boss wasn't around to witness her life implode. Strangely enough, there were no usual students and occasional curious adults around to witness it either. Only Neo. She would deal with that later. Right now, though, she needed to get away.

It took her a few minutes to make her way out of the building through a window because she didn't have a key for the back door. Tapiwa thankfully didn't have the time to think about how ridiculous she must have looked as she clambered out of a small window. Asher's raised voice echoing throughout the library was more than enough motivation to climb through anything just to get away. 

There was no doubt in Tapiwa's mind that Asher's sudden appearance had everything to do with the man finding out she had slept with his brother. God, that was one confrontation she was not willing to go through. 

Tapiwa stealthily moved around the building toward the front where the gate stood. It was the only way out of the yard unless she wanted to climb over the fence. Yeah, that wasn't happening. Tapiwa knew she would most likely break her leg and then she would be a sitting duck.

The logical option would have been to hide behind the building and wait for Asher to leave, but Tapiwa didn't want to risk it if Asher suspected she was around and came looking. Also, waiting would have meant dealing with Neo once Asher was gone. That wasn't something she wanted to do either. 

So, Tapiwa peeked around the corner and noted that Asher was still inside the library. His car was parked haphazardly at the gate as though he had been in too much of a rush to get to her to park in the designated parking spaces. The man was unhinged and in serious need of professional help. Thankfully he wasn't Tapiwa's problem. His next girlfriend could worry about that.

Five minutes later, Tapiwa couldn't believe she had escaped Asher's madness as she tried her best to look normal and not run down the sidewalk back to Nicole's place. But just to be certain her luck wasn't short-lived, she turned off the main road and took a narrow alley.

She couldn't take the bus because her handbag was back in the library under the front desk. That meant Tapiwa was in for a long walk until she found a cardless ATM that would allow her to withdraw from her bank account. From experience, she knew the closest one was at the mall at least half an hour's walk away. 

Tapiwa's mind was still reeling as she walked out of the alley into a back road when her phone buzzed in her pocket. Apprehension slammed into her but when she checked the caller ID she saw that it was Neo calling. Of course, he would call, Tapiwa thought with a sinking feeling in her gut. What had Asher told her co-worker? She didn't want to know.

Tapiwa stared at the phone until the ringing stopped. Part of Tapiwa expected Neo to try again, however, it seemed he got the hint. Instead, the message notification dinged a few seconds later.

Neo: What the hell is going on, Tapiwa? Please call me when you get this. I want to help. And don't worry about work. I will cover for you but whatever is going on, sort it out fast before you lose your job.

Another wave of apprehension washed over Tapiwa. She couldn't afford to lose her job. Not right now when the rest of her life was going tits up.
###chapter 41
Jadon wasn't sure what to make of his father's silence after their brief exchange outside the police station. Or the fact that he still had a job at the company as the CEO even though he had clearly pissed off his father by getting arrested because of Tapiwa. 

He also couldn't even make sense of the absence of any calls from his mother. By now, he was certain that  Angela knew what he had done and with who. Jadon had expected his mother would track him down and scream at him for hurting her golden son. 

Then again, he remembered that Angela hadn't particularly liked Tapiwa given her comments at his birthday dinner. So maybe the woman wasn't making a fuss because it served her purpose to keep her favorite son away from the girl she felt didn't deserve Asher. Who knew?

All the same, Jadon was uneasy with all the silence and lack of metaphorical bombs going off all around him. He hadn't even heard anything from the blackmailer. It was as though everyone had just taken a step back and decided to watch how badly Jadon could mess things up on his own. 

Well, the joke was on them, Jadon thought. Other than a night at the club with his friends, Jadon had been laying low and waiting for the other shoe to drop. So when his secretary called him and told him that he had a meeting he couldn't miss this morning, Jadon almost thought it was a setup. A way to just get him to the office so he could be fired and then escorted out of the building officially while everyone watched. 

Just to be certain he wasn't walking into an ambush, he'd asked if his father had set up the meeting. Mrs. Sitta couldn't have sounded more puzzled by his question if she tried. Of course, Lewis Paterson hadn't set up the meeting. 

So, Jadon had shown up for the meeting wearing one of his best suits. But there was nothing he could do about his face. Random mugging was the story he was going with. Whether people bought the story or not was their business. Thankfully, Jadon was still the boss so no one questioned him. At least not to his face.

But now, two hours later, the meeting was over and he sat at his desk staring at the Sunset estate contract, pen hovering over the bottom of the papers where his signature was required. He had already gone over the contract again but still, his hand wouldn't move and close the small distance between the tip of the pen and the papers. After a moment, frustration bubbled up in him. Jadon groaned and threw the pen across the office.

Unfortunately, it just so happened that was the exact time his friend stepped through the door, without knocking of course.

Kaelo came to an abrupt halt as the pen bounced off the wall to his right, a distinct cracking sound filling the sudden silence. His wide eyes stared at the damaged pen now on the carpeted floor before turning to Jadon and narrowing. "Okay" he said carefully. "That wasn't aimed at my head, was it?"

Huffing, Jadon waved a dismissive hand in the air. "Just close the door. What are you doing entering my office without knocking anyway?"

For a beat, Kaelo didn't do as instructed. He studied the pen again as though he was really trying to figure out if Jadon had wanted to take his head off with the stationary. Then he released a breath and closed the door. 

But instead of walking over to Jadon's desk and taking a seat like Jadon expected, his friend walked over to the pen and picked it up. "Any particular reason things are flying in here?" he asked, his eyes fixed on the damaged pen in his hand instead of Jadon.

"Isn't a man allowed to be frustrated?" Jadon clipped. Jadon thought he had more than earned the right actually. Not to mention, he was beyond frustrated.

"Hmm," Kaelo hummed thoughtfully. "I suppose." He then walked over to the small bin next to Jadon's desk and tossed the pen inside before he walked over to the window and stared out onto the city below.

Jadon's brows furrowed at his friend's odd behavior. "What's going on, Kaelo? Why did you rush in here like you were being chased?"

"I thought you might want to know what happened to Tapiwa." 

That had Jadon sitting up in an instant. "Well?" he demanded impatiently. "Spit it out!"

Kaelo scoffed and shook his head. Thankfully, he didn't make Jadon ask again. Jadon wasn't sure he wasn't just going to squeeze the information out of the guy if he had. 

"My cousin just happens to go to the same church as your Tapiwa and her family," Kaelo started.

Jadon ground his teeth and made a gesture that said 'Get on with it'. God, he didn't need the background story. He just wanted to know if she was okay. Jadon hadn't been able to shake the worry. Unfortunately, Ezra hadn't been able to find out anything and Jadon couldn't go back to her parent's house and find out for himself. The one time he had tried her phone, she had canceled the call and then he couldn't get through. He suspected she had blocked his number.

"Apparently," Kaelo continued but made a pained grimace like what he was about to say actually caused him physical discomfort. "Her father beat her up and threw her out of his house. She may be staying with a friend. My cousin wasn't sure about that part."

Jadon froze for a long minute, just absorbing the information even as rage like nothing he had ever felt before flooded his body until he felt the heat from the roots of his hair to the tip of his toes. He was shaking, he realized. Jadon clenched his hands into fists on his lap, trying to hold it all in. 

Drawing a slow, deep breath, he asked through gritted teeth. "Her father beat her?" He was looking at Kaelo so Jadon saw the nerve twitch in his friend's jaw. It gave him a small comfort knowing he wasn't the only one having trouble swallowing the news. 

It was nothing new, hearing that a father had beaten a child, but still, imagining Tapiwa on the receiving end of Allen Mvula's brute force made his gut twist. He should have gone after her as soon as he left the police station regardless of what his father had said. Jadon didn't want to imagine how bad it was, but he had to know.

"How bad?"

Kaelo shook his head. "No one knows. My cousin said she heard that a neighbor had seen Mr. Mvula with a leather belt. My guess-"

Jadon was out of his seat and headed for the door. He couldn't hear the rest of Kaelo's words or the man calling his name over the pounding heartbeat and rushing blood in his ears. A red haze fell over his vision and only one thing stood out in his mind. He had to find Tapiwa.
###chapter 42
"Goddamnit!" Kaelo shouted from Jadon's passenger seat. From the corner of his eye, Jadon saw the man frantically grab the Oh-shit handle in a death grip before throwing him a glare.

"Are you trying to kill us?" Kealo demanded through gritted teeth.

Jadon scoffed despite the fury coursing through his blood. He focused back on the road just in time to swerve around a large pothole, never slowing down. It earned him another muttered curse from his passenger and honking from the vehicle he had nearly collided with in the other lane. It all washed over him like background noise.

"Seriously, man. This isn't the Indy 500," Kaelo pressed. "And if you kill us, you can't run in and rescue the damsel in distress. Broken bones don't make good heroes." 

"You didn't have to come," Jadon reminded the man. Actually, Jadon hadn't even realized his friend had followed him out of the office and down to his car until the passenger door swung open with enough force to stop him from stomping his foot on the accelerator and tearing out of the car park like a bat out of hell. 

Jadon was both glad and frustrated his friend had followed him. Glad because he knew he wasn't alone, but frustrated because Kaelo hadn't shut up about his driving since they left his office. 

But Jadon couldn't slow down. His mind kept replaying how smooth and soft Tapiwa's skin had been under his fingers when he touched her in the backseat of his car before his imagination jumped in and tried to drive him insane as he imagined what her father had done to her with a damn belt. 

Fury made his fingers tighten around the leather of the steering wheel dangerously. He quickly overtook the delivery truck in front of them. Luck was certainly on his side because traffic was lighter this time of day. Not that the man next to him appreciated that.

By the time Jadon parked outside of the library where Tapiwa worked, he was certain Kaelo had puked in his mouth at least twice. His friend looked a little green as he slowly stumbled out of the car and followed Jadon into the building. 

Just like the first time he had sought Tapiwa at work after he saw the pictures, Jadon stormed into the dim building that smelled heavily of ancient books with only one thing in mind: to set eyes on the woman. But unlike the last time, he didn't see her. Actually, he didn't see anyone.

A little unsure of how to proceed, Jadon froze, a deep frown between his brows. When he had stormed out of his office, he hadn't considered the possibility that Tapiwa wouldn't be at work. He should have, considering she was possibly injured, but he hadn't. Maybe he hadn't wanted to think about it because it meant he had no idea where to find her if she wasn't here.

Seconds ticked by and nothing changed. Jadon turned to Kaelo, about to tell the man they should check the back. Someone had to be there if the front door had been left open. He didn't get to make a sound.

"I will be right with you," a male voice called out just before the sound of approaching footsteps reached them. 

Jadon's mood plummeted further. He had a feeling he knew who was coming before the man rounded the corner and came into view. He wasn't wrong. It was Neo, Tapiwa's co-worker who had been very touchy with her the last time Jadon had been here. 

Their mutual dislike was immediately evident when the man spotted Jadon. He dropped the casual smile he had been wearing and Jadon could have sworn the man actually snarled at him before he seemed to remember himself and schooled his features.

With a few steps, Neo was in front of them. He stood, feet apart and arms crossed over his chest. There was the slightest widening of his eyes when he took in Jadon's bruised face, but even that was gone in a blink of an eye.  "What can I help you with, gentlemen?" 

Despite the words, Jadon was sure Neo didn't want to help them in any way. Luckily, he didn't care about the man's issues. They weren't there for him. "I'm here to see Tapiwa. Is she in today?"

Neo's nostrils flared. "I believe she asked you to leave the last time you were here." 

Jadon didn't have time for this. He huffed out a breath and took a step toward the man but Kaelo's hand quickly stopped him from going further.

"Look, man," Kaelo started, addressing Neo. "There is a lot more at play in this matter than you are aware of so if you could just get back there and call Tapiwa out, we would greatly appreciate it."

"Who the hell do you people think you are?" Neo exploded. His arms dropped to his sides, hands clenched into fists. "Tapiwa wants nothing to do with you so you should just leave before I call the police and get you all arrested for harassment."

Every word that fell out of Neo's mouth was like sandpaper to Jadon's nerves. The urge to punch the idiot and demand to know where Tapiwa was bubbled up in him and almost spilled over. Lucky for Neo, Kaelo was still trying to play the diplomat.

"No one is harassing Tapiwa. We are only concerned about her wellbeing. Is she in today?"

"No," Neo stated flatly. "So, you two should just turn around and leave." 

Somehow, Jadon made it back to the car without punching Neo's teeth down the man's throat. It was a close call, though. Jadon doubted he would have held on if not for Kaelo who grabbed him and refused to let go until they were out of the building.

Seated now in his passenger seat because apparently, Kaelo couldn't take another round of his driving, Jadon took out his phone and dialed Tapiwa's number. It didn't even ring. 

"Fuck!" Jadon slammed his fist against the dashboard and threw the phone into the cup holder.

"Give me the number," Kaelo demanded, grabbing his own phone. 

It took him a second to gather himself and pick up the phone again. Jadon gave his friend the number and then waited tensely as they both listened to the ringing tone until it cut. She never picked up. Jadon thought he was going to lose his mind. What if Tapiwa was in a worse state than they thought and she couldn't get to her phone? Was she admitted to a hospital or in some abandoned building too injured to move and find help? The possibilities all ran through Jadon's mind, each uglier than the previous one.

Thankfully, before his mind could get lost down the very dark tunnel, Jadon remembered that he wasn't so helpless in the situation. He just needed to make another phone call. 

With renewed focus, he dialed a new number and quickly brought the phone to his ear, ignoring Kaelo's curious gaze. 

It only took two rings before the person picked up the call. 

"Hello, stranger," a female, sweet voice drawled. 

"Vicky. How are you?"

Jadon caught the moment Kaelo made the connection. His friend's eyebrows ran up to his hairline. In the next heartbeat, Kaelo mouthed 'No!' and made a cutting motion in the air. Jadon ignored him.

"I didn't think I would ever hear from you," Vicky said with a chuckle. "I'm surprised you didn't delete my number."

"I don't delete numbers," Jadon answered. It was just something he never did and it had worked in his favor more times than not. 

Vicky chuckled again. "Good to know. So, how are things?... How are the guys?" 

Jadon shot Kaelo a look. The guy glared daggers, his jaw so tight Jadon worried for the man's teeth. "The guys are fine," Jadon said, looking Kaelo in the eyes, just to mess with his friend for a bit. After all, he still owed the guy for the date with Melody. Things had gotten wild the past few days but he hadn't forgotten.

Still, he had a more pressing matter he needed to handle first so he spared Kaelo more torture and cut straight to the point.

"Uhm, Vicky, I'm sorry to do this, but I didn't call just to say hi. I have a favor to ask and it's kind of urgent." 

A long-suffering sigh filled his ear. "I should have known," Vicky said with a hint of disappointment which thankfully quickly disappeared. It was one of the traits he had liked about the woman. Too bad no one else did. "Alright, tell me what you need." 

"Thank you. I need you to track the GPS location of a phone number." 

Silence. 

"Vicky?" 

"You are not turning into a stalker, are you? Coz' let me tell you, that would so not be sexy."

Jadon released a short chuckle. "No. Nothing like that. I'm just worried a friend might be injured and in trouble and I just need to find her." 

The sound of fingers tapping in rapid-fire across a keyboard immediately filled the background. A few seconds later, Vicky asked for the number, and then Jadon waited as she did her thing. He didn't dare look at Kaelo. He could already feel the palpable heat of the man's rage against his skin, he didn't need to confirm it.

It took Vicky less than five minutes to have a location. Thankfully, it wasn't that far from where they were.

"Thank you, Vicky. I owe you." 

Vicky chuckled but this time it sounded forced. "Yeah. Sure. Listen, Jadon, it was great hearing from you but I have to run now. Good luck finding your friend." Then she was gone, not giving Jadon a chance to say more. He was okay with that.

Not wanting to waste a second more, Jadon gave Kaelo the address but was forced to look up when the vehicle didn't immediately start moving. He arched his brow. "Problem?"

Kaelo's jaw dropped. For a long beat, he seemed speechless. Then he snapped his mouth shut and just shook his head. "No. Huh-uh. I am not touching that one. Let's just forget about it." He finally turned the engine on and started backing out of the car park.

"Are you curious?" Jadon couldn't help but ask.

Kaelo shook his head. "Curiosity killed the cat, haven't you heard? Anyway, even if I had to be curious, I wouldn't be about her. I would be curious about your true motives toward Tapiwa. What's your end game, man?"

Jadon immediately frowned and looked out the windshield toward the road ahead. If only he had an answer for that. "Not sure yet."
###chapter 43
Jadon wasn't sure what he had expected to find when they got to the address Vicky had given him. His worst fears aside, he had guessed there was a huge possibility that Tapiwa was staying with a friend and it looked like he might be right.

The property was right off the main road which ran a few meters higher than the landscape below. This gave Jadon a very good view of the entire yard despite the place being fenced and the gate closed. Security-wise, it was pathetic. The owner of the place might as well have saved some money and not bothered with a fence or gate since they seemed to serve very little purpose.

The tiny building at the very end of the yard was also a puzzle to Jadon. He couldn't understand why eighty percent of the yard had been left unutilized. Unless someone thought the dry lawn and weed-infested gravel made for a beautiful landscape. 

As for the building that covered the remaining twenty percent, Jadon doubted it contained more than one room. The tiny brick box truly left much to be desired and he wondered how Tapiwa was living there. 

She didn't come from money like Jadon and was probably familiar with a simpler lifestyle, but still, what he was looking at looked extreme. The sudden urge to take her back to his house and take care of her hit him hard. Jadon drew a sharp breath, hands clenching on his thighs even as the car moved closer to the gate, finally cutting off the elevated view of the property.

He was so lost in his thoughts that it took Jadon a handful of seconds to realize the car had stopped and Kaelo was staring at him. He suddenly felt uneasy and frowned. "What?"

Kaelo arched a brow at him. "I thought you would have already jumped out of the vehicle and started banging on the gate by now, demanding entrance." 

Jadon clenched his teeth. It wasn't that he hadn't thought of it. But after the library, he thought that maybe he needed to behave like a man with all his five senses intact and not being blown to the wind because he needed to set his eyes on Tapiwa.

"Just hand me your phone," Jadon stated with his hand outstretched expectantly.

"Why?" 

Irritation made Jadon's fingers twitch. He curled his fingers back into a fist. "Because the woman has blocked my number and I want to text and tell her to step out of the house before I run this car into the gate and give her no choice in the matter." 

Kaelo's eyes narrowed, still not handing over his phone. "Yeah, maybe don't say it like that." 

"Phone," Jadon pressed, not bothering to amend his approach. 

With a huff of disapproval and a headshake, Kaelo handed over his phone. Then he folded his arms across his chest and watched Jadon. Jadon, of course, ignored him and typed out his text, sending it before he thought twice about it.

JADON: Tapiwa, I'm outside the gate. I suggest you come out and talk to me if you don't want me making a scene.

Jadon passed the phone back to Kaelo and then leaned back in his seat and watched the gate. After five minutes, Jadon began to think he might need to make good on his threat. Tapiwa was refusing to come out and talk to him. That shouldn't upset him so much considering how their last encounter had ended, but it did. It infuriated him.

But just as Jadon threw the car passenger door open and jumped out of the car with Kaelo immediately rushing out after him, demanding to know what Jadon thought he was doing, there was the sound of angry footsteps at the gate and both men froze. 

Several seconds later, the gate opened with a hard yank and Tapiwa stepped out followed by another woman who looked to be around her age. Both women spotted scowls that promised a hell of a lot of angry shouts in the next five minutes but Jadon wasn't really bothered by that prospect. He was just glad to finally have his eyes on Tapiwa.

"What the hell are you doing here, Jadon!?!" Tapiwa shouted just like Jadon had expected she would. She didn't even seem to be shocked by his bruised appearance. Or maybe she just didn't care.

"So, this is him?" the other woman snarled. 

Jadon ignored the second woman and focused on Tapiwa, she looked better than he'd expected. That unclenched something in his chest, his shoulders sagged. "Tapiwa..."

Tapiwa shook her head. "I don't want to hear anything you have to say. You already said all that needed to be said the other night."   

"The other night was a bucket full of chaos," Jadon argued, pausing when he saw Tapiwa flinch as though he had hit her. Jadon frowned and mentally went through his words, searching for the culprit. He found it in a heartbeat. "I didn't mean everything. Definitely not that," he quickly explained.

If eyes could reduce him to ash, Jadon imagined he would have been nothing but a pile of it by now. Tapiwa was beyond pissed and it all seemed to be directed at him as though he was the root cause of all her problems, which wasn't true. 

But before Jadon could get more words out of his mouth, Tapiwa's friend was in his face. Literally. The woman, who was more on the plump side than Tapiwa but shared her height, looked up at Jadon, nostrils flared in anger.

"What kind of devil are you?" She waved her arms in the air in agitation. "Both you and your brother have done nothing but ruin her life."

Okay, he didn't have the patience for this, Jadon thought with gritted teeth. Jadon could appreciate that Tapiwa had a very supportive friend not afraid to confront him on her behalf, but she wasn't who he wanted to talk to. 

Not bothering to answer, he looked over the woman's head at Tapiwa. "We should talk. Alone."

"I am not letting you anywhere near Tapiwa!" her friend suddenly declared. Then, as though to make sure she got her point across, the woman took a step back, putting herself between Jadon and Tapiwa. Then she spread her arms on either side and glared at Jadon as though daring him to try and get past her.

God, Jadon really didn't have the time for this. He had been going insane with worry for Tapiwa and there was just no way he was going to allow an overzealous friend to stand in his way. 

Without giving it much thought, Jadon simply closed the distance, reaching for the annoying woman around the waist with both hands. Before she could react or anticipate his intentions, Jadon lifted her off her feet and onto his shoulder, making her squeal in shock. 

Other voices joined the air, Jadon heard Kaelo's warning call of his name and Tapiwa's gasp followed by an order to put her friend down. He ignored both. Instead, he turned, walked over to Kaelo who looked at him as though he had lost his mind, and dropped the woman in front of him. "Keep her out of my way," he ordered. 

An indignant gasp escaped the woman and she let out a long string of curses on Jadon but she didn't physically obstruct his way again when he was once again facing Tapiwa. Jadon realized Kaelo must have been holding the woman back when he distantly heard her order him to let her go. Good. That would keep her preoccupied and out of his way, he thought as he closed the distance between him and his main target.

Part of him expected Tapiwa to bolt, but she didn't. Instead, her eyes narrowed as she glared at him. Jadon's lips twitched in an aborted smile. For some reason, it pleased him to see her stand her ground and not flee from him. But he wasn't about to question himself then why that was.

Finally, Jadon reached Tapiwa and took her arm in a firm hold. Some part of him still feared her flight instinct might still win out in the end. He couldn't have that. "Are you going to come willingly, or do you want me to lift you as well?" he asked.
###chapter 44
"Talk. I'm listening," Tapiwa snapped, folding her arms across her chest, and glaring at Jadon. 

He had convinced her to walk back to his car for their conversation. Tapiwa had little choice in the matter. She either agreed to talk to him and walk over to the vehicle under her own power, or he carried her there. 

A shudder had traveled down her spine. It hadn't been the thought of being manhandled that had caused the reaction but rather the bone-deep desire to feel the man's hands on her body again. It had hit her so suddenly, making her vision swim for a second.

Right then, Tapiwa knew she couldn't let Jadon touch her like that. His fingers around her arm already felt like a branding iron. Still, the man insisted they needed to talk in private hence their current location.

But being in the car wasn't making her life any easier, Tapiwa quickly realized as she waited for Jadon to speak. She didn't dare look at the backseat for fear of the memories she had been fighting so hard not to think of suddenly swamping her. 

It also wasn't easy not to stare at Jadon and take in the damage on his face her father and brother had left. She ached for him but refused to show sympathy. The man had used her and rejected her like toilet paper once he was done. 

Except, Tapiwa frowned as she tried to make sense of her thoughts and current circumstances. If Jadon was finished with her then why had he tracked her down and demanded to speak to her? What did he want? 

Thankfully, it seemed she was about to find out. Jadon cleared his throat once, his eyes fixed on the windshield and not her.   

"I want to start by apologizing for the other night."

"What?" Tapiwa nearly choked on the emotions that bubbled up her throat and brought the taste of bile to the back of her mouth. If the man uttered the words 'it had been a mistake' Tapiwa was going to skin him alive, she vowed silently. 

Jadon's head suddenly turned and he faced her. "I shouldn't have allowed things to get that far. You deserved better than the back seat of a vehicle. Even if it's an expensive vehicle. Anyway" 

Jadon paused and ran a frustrated hand over his short hair. "If either of us had been thinking clearly, we wouldn't have allowed things to escalate to that level and would have avoided the entire aftermath."

Her mouth agape, Tapiwa stared at the man as though he had grown a second head. A part of her brain told her his words kind of made sense but the burn of humiliation she had suffered and the rejection from him and her family clouded her thoughts like thick fog obscuring the horizon. She couldn't see any sunshine and she was ready to share the cold she felt within. 

"Wow." Tapiwa slowly clapped her hands in front of her mockingly. "Give the man a medal. He is sorry he let his libido lead him astray. Is that all you wanted to tell me?" 

Jadon's frown deepened. "What is your problem? 

"My My problem?" Tapiwa spattered. She balled her hands into fists on her lap. "My problem is that if you had just stayed the hell away from me I wouldn't have been beaten and thrown out of my father's house!"

Jadon grimaced. He looked her up and down as though searching for the injuries. There were none exposed to see. Even the bruise on her cheek had faded. 

"I heard," he said carefully. As though he wasn't really sure what was the right thing to say at that moment. "I'm glad to see it wasn't as bad as I feared. And looking at my own face, I feared you would be unrecognizable," he finished with a dry chuckle.

Tapiwa didn't chuckle. There was nothing funny about what had happened. "That's only because I ran."

"I'm glad."

Tapiwa shook her head. "Look, Jadon. I'm not in the mood to ease your conscience. If you are feeling guilty well, good for you!" 

Incredulous eyes stared at her. "Good for me?"

Tapiwa shrugged and then clenched her jaw when the movement stretched a painful spot between her shoulder blades. It only fueled her anger further. "Am I supposed to feel sorry for you after what you did to me?"

Jadon turned in his seat and fully faced her, a confused look plastered on his face. He shook his head. "Excuse me, but I think we have our wires crossed. What exactly did I do to you?"

It was on the tip of Tapiwa's tongue to scream at him that he had used her and then rejected her. She hadn't thought he would suddenly turn around and fall on one knee, magically producing a ring from his pocket when her father demanded he marry her to preserve their family honor, but the man hadn't even hesitated to refuse. She had just been a quick roll in the hay and it stung that she had allowed herself to be used like that and to add insult to injury, the man was there saying things that didn't make sense.

Damn it! She had known talking to Jadon was a bad idea. This was taking them nowhere. Thankfully, it was a decision she had no trouble rectifying. Tapiwa reached for the door. But before she could open it, Jadon acted fast and activated the locks. Oh no he didn't.

Tapiwa turned and glared at the man. "I promise you, this will end badly if you don't let me out right this instant." 

"We are not done talking."

"I'm done! I have no desire to hear anything else you have to say," Tapiwa countered. 

"I want you to come and live with me," Jadon suddenly said.

Tapiwa's mouth fell open again. A second passed, then another. Tapiwa waited for the punch line even as her brain did summersaults trying to make sense of his words. After a beat, she blinked, shut her mouth, and cleared her throat. "Uhm, what do you mean, you want me to come live with you?"
###chapter 45
Jadon shifted in his seat as though suddenly uncomfortable. He studied her face and then looked out the window, a frown creasing his forehead. "I understand that your father threw you out because of our little indiscretion. You are now living with a friend, but I would like you to consider taking up my spare room. I think you would be more comfortable and I could help you get back on your feet. It's the least I could do." 

The more he talked, the more Tapiwa felt the urge to slap the man. Little indiscretion? He had been dick deep in her body when her father found them and the man dared call it a little indiscretion. Was that why he wanted her to move in with him? Tapiwa mused as her anger simmered right under her skin. So that they could continue their little indiscretion? 

Suddenly a humorless burst of laughter left her lips. Jadon startled and leaned away from her as though he suddenly feared she had gone mad. It just made her laugh some more. 

For the next few minutes, Tapiwa laughed and laughed until tears burned her eyes and she knew if she didn't stop and get out she would end up humiliating herself by crying in front of this man that she somehow both hated and still wanted with every fiber of her being.

It took her a minute, but with a few deep breaths, Tapiwa managed to regain some composure. She stared at Jadon, who still looked worried and had his lips pressed together in a thin line. Tapiwa snorted. She was tired of this and just wanted him gone.  "I can't even pretend to say thank you for the offer. So I will just ask you to take your offer and shove it where the sun doesn't shine. And while you are at it, delete my number and stay away from me." 

A muscle ticked in the man's jaw. "I think we already tried the whole 'stay away from me' thing, it didn't work." 

"This time, try harder," Tapiwa snarled. She then grabbed the door and ordered him to let her out. 

For a long minute, he did nothing but stare at her. The air in the car vibrated with tension and something else. Something that told her if Jadon dared grab her right then and kiss her, she would cave. She couldn't let that happen. Her self-preservation woke up within her with a vengeance.

Suddenly very agitated and fueled by too many emotions, Tapiwa banged her fist against the window. "I said let me out!" 

The lock disengaged a second later and Tapiwa didn't waste time stumbling out of the car. Nicole was at her side in a second, a frown firmly fixed between her brows. "What happened?"

"Nothing," Tapiwa snapped as she walked away from the vehicle as though it was a ticking time bomb about to go up in flames. 

In a matter of seconds, Tapiwa made it to the gate, grateful no one had called her back. But then, she heard the car engine roar to life and her curiosity got the better of her. Looking over her shoulder, Tapiwa almost shuddered at the look Jadon shot her before he suddenly looked away and ordered his friend to get into the damn car.

Following his gaze to the side, Tapiwa also then realized that Nicole hadn't followed her as she had assumed. Her friend still stood next to Jadon's car with his friend and from the looks of it, they were exchanging phone numbers. You have got to be kidding me.  Tapiwa thought in disbelief. 

A minute later, Tapiwa waited for Nicole at the gate as the car joined the main road and drove away. She almost wished it had taken all her confusing thoughts with it but alas, those stayed with her. Which was probably why she was quick to snap at Nicole when the woman finally joined her.

"Of all the guys, him?"

Nicole looked up from her phone with a slight frown. "What?"

Tapiwa huffed. "Jadon's friend! You got his number. Why?"

"He's good-looking." Nicole shrugged.

Tapiwa opened her mouth, not sure what she was even about to say but decided against it. Nicole was an adult and could make her own decisions. It had nothing to do with her. With that thought in mind, Tapiwa turned to get back into the yard. But just then, the hairs on the back of her neck tingled and unease crept up her spine like cold, dead fingers.

Frowning, Tapiwa scanned the area. For a second, nothing looked out of place. A scarce number of people walked around, going about their business, nothing unusual. But then she saw him. A dark figure standing under a large tree along the main road above. 

The man was shrouded in the shadow of the tree's canopy but Tapiwa knew without a doubt it was the man from the pool. The same man who had threatened to drown her. The air in her lungs left with a shocked gasp that instantly caught Nicole's attention. 

"What is it?" Nicole looked around but didn't seem to notice Tapiwa's nightmare under the tree several feet away.

The sudden wave of raw fear made talking impossible. Tapiwa's ears filled with the drumming of her thundering heartbeat. Sweat broke out on her forehead. At that moment, she wished Jadon hadn't driven away.

"Tapi?" 

Tapiwa blinked and darted her eyes at her worried friend before she looked back at the dark threat just standing there, watching them. But he was gone. Confused, Tapiwa's frantic eyes darted around but there was no man.

A shudder rocked her body again, stealing the strength from her legs. Swaying, Tapiwa wrapped her arms around herself and shook her head. No. She couldn't deal with this.
###chapter 46
The harsh sound of a ringing phone cut through the heavy fog of Tapiwa's sleep. There was something familiar about the ringtone, but her mind struggled to surface from the murky depths of sleep that still held on to her tightly.

For a few seconds, the annoying, insistent sound seemed to stop. Tapiwa nearly drifted back to sleep, desperate to make up for the hours she had spent tossing and turning as her mind refused to shut down and just let her rest.

After Jadon's visit and the fright of seeing the man who attacked her again, Tapiwa had been unable to settle down, which had translated into an exhausting night. Spiraling thoughts and vivid flashes of Jadon's bruised face had refused to leave her alone. 

His words echoed in her head, keeping sleep at bay and adding fire to her stewing anger. Even now, as her mind just began to wake up from sleep, the remnants of yesterday clung to her. They were like a suffocating blanket she couldn't shake off. She just wished she could get a few more minutes of sleep.

Unfortunately, it seemed someone was against the mere idea of Tapiwa resting because the ringing started again.

Sighing, Tapiwa forced her heavy eyelids to flutter open. A dim ceiling was the first thing she saw. Tapiwa immediately wondered who was calling them so early, before the sun had even crept up over the horizon. 

Whoever it was meant business because the ringing stopped again for a handful of seconds, only to start all over again. Tapiwa groaned. Damn. She had to get up whether she liked it or not. Fine, she thought with exasperation and attempted to roll over, only she realized she couldn't. 

Suddenly alarmed and fully awake, Tapiwa looked down at her body, only then realizing that Nicole had done it again. Her friend, too used to not sharing a bed, had a terrible habit of finding herself in the middle of the bed, almost pushing Tapiwa off over the edge. Except this time, Nicole hadn't stopped in the middle. No. The woman was right next to Tapiwa, her warm breath tickling Tapiwa's cheek with an arm thrown over Tapiwa's middle, locking her in place.

Tapiwa wanted to chuckle, but the ringing continued, relentless and demanding someone's attention. Now that she was more awake, Tapiwa realized it was her own phone ringing. She recognized the orchestra version of Pirates of the Caribbean, which was her ringtone. 

Next to Tapiwa, Nicole also seemed to realize that Tapiwa's phone was the culprit for their disturbed sleep. The woman groaned, shifting in her sleep, and thankfully removed her arm from Tapiwa as she grumbled in a voice thick with sleep, "Tapi, your phone."

"Yeah. I know," Tapiwa answered, her head already turning toward the source which was thankfully seated on the stool she had placed close to the bed, charging.

Nicole shifted again, her arm going under her pillow and burying her face in the soft material. "Just answer it already, Tapi before I throw it out the window."

Tapiwa rolled her eyes. "Dramatic much?" she teased. Still, she stretched out her hand and tried to grab the phone without actually getting off the bed. Luck was not on her side though because her fingers brushed the edges of the phone, fumbled and the phone dropped to the floor with a thud.

To Tapiwa's shock, Nicole sat bolt upright as though a bomb had gone off in the room. All signs of sleep were gone. "What was that?"

Suppressing a chuckle, Tapiwa carefully leaned over the edge of the bed and retrieved the phone. It had stopped ringing but started again as soon as it was in her hand. That's when Tapiwa saw who was insistently calling her. Her sister, Amy.

Tapiwa's heart immediately skipped several beats. She stared down at the phone, her thumb hovering over the screen. Apprehension crawled up her spine and wrapped around her neck like a noose. 

She wanted to toss the phone on the floor and bury her face in a pillow. There was just no way Amy would be calling at the crack of dawn with good news. This had to be bad. Real bad. Unfortunately, she knew she couldn't ignore the call.

So, with a deep breath, Tapiwa swiped the screen to answer the call and brought it to her ear. "This is early," she said, in lieu of a greeting. 

"Tapiwa, for God's sake, what took you so long to answer the call?" Amy hissed through the phone.

Tapiwa glanced at the closed curtains of the room and the barely there streams of gray filtering in through the gaps. "Like I said, it's early, Amy. I was sleeping." 

For some reason, Tapiwa's answer only seemed to frustrate her sister some more. Amy huffed, and Tapiwa could have sworn she heard the younger woman curse under her breath before she addressed Tapiwa again. 

"Well, I hope you got enough sleep, Sis because the can of worms just exploded." 

Tapiwa sat up straight. Her eyes darted to Nicole, who watched her with a concerned frown. "What are you talking about, Amy?" 

"The internet. Social media your pictures are all over."

"What pictures?" Tapiwa asked even though in her gut she already knew.

A choked sound came down the phone. It sounded like her sister couldn't even voice the words without choking. Oh, this was worse than bad, Tapiwa realized.

"Nudes. Of you and Jadon in bed together. Tapiwa, how could you? Dad is fuming. If you were still in this house I think I think he might have killed you with his bare hands. He says he wants nothing to do with you. He wants to disown you, Tapiwa. Mom is beside herself."

A numbness fell over Tapiwa. She heard every word but it all washed over her. For a long minute, Tapiwa felt as though she was in a daze and she couldn't feel anything. But then Nicole shook her shoulder and she was back with a sharp gasp.

Tapiwa heard Amy's concerned voice call her name several times in the phone still held to her ear. "Yeah," she croaked out.

"Are you okay?" 

Was she okay? Tapiwa wanted to laugh. No, she wasn't okay, far from it and she had a feeling she wouldn't be for a very long time. But that wasn't what she told her sister. "I'm fine. Just thinking."

Amy huffed again. "This is a mess, Tapiwa. You should never have gotten involved with that man. He has ruined your life." 

Amy wasn't telling Tapiwa anything she didn't already know and had wished a thousand times she could go back in time and undo it. But then she reminded herself that she hadn't actually gone out looking for this problem. She'd been set up and now she was shouldered with the consequences.

It took another minute for Tapiwa to assure Amy that she was fine and not alone before her sister ended the call. However, before Tapiwa could drop the phone on the bed, it began to ring again.

"What the hell?" Tapiwa groaned, frustrated. Couldn't she get even two minutes of peace? It seemed not. She checked the caller ID and frowned. She didn't know the number.

"Who is it?" Nicole asked, sounding just as frustrated as Tapiwa.

Tapiwa shook her head but answered the call. Whatever else this was, she had no desire to let it fester. She wanted to rip it off like dry wax. "Hello? Who is this?" she demanded.

"Tapiwa, don't hang up!"

Tapiwa immediately recognized Jadon's voice and snarled. "Are you happy now? Huh! Did you do it? Did you release the pictures to completely destroy me?" 

"What?" Jadon sounded shocked and angry. "Don't be ridiculous. You know I wouldn't have let this hit the public eye. I am getting affected too, remember?"

Tapiwa scoffed. "Yeah right! I told you to leave me the hell alone, Jadon. Leave me the hell alone! You have done enough!" 

This time, when Tapiwa ended the call she turned the damn thing phone off. Then she threw it on the floor, not caring if it survived the landing before she let out a frustrated scream from the pit of her stomach.
###chapter 47
"Fuck!" Jadon bellowed as he threw the phone across the office. It landed with a thud on the carpeted floor just short of meeting its doom with the glass. Not that he would have cared if it broke into a million pieces. The phone was a cheap burner he had bought to get in touch with Tapiwa since she had blocked his number.

A hysterical laugh burst out of his mouth, shaking his shoulders. Jadon couldn't believe what they had feared had actually happened. He knew he should have been prepared for it when he refused to do the blackmailer's bidding, but damn, maybe some part of him had thought it actually wouldn't come down to this. 

And the icing on the cake? Tapiwa blamed him for everything. Maybe she needed a scapegoat she could blame and hate, but that wasn't helping either of them in their current predicament.

It was barely seven in the morning, Jadon imagined he had maybe another half hour before the majority of people in the city got to see what he looked like naked on top of a woman. For a second, Jadon didn't know whether to shout or cry. Thankfully, it was more laughter that bubbled out of his lips. 

But a minute later, Jadon sobered and reached for his usual mobile. As though needing to see it again so he could believe it, Jadon opened his social media page and just stared. The caption made a fresh wave of anger crawl up his spine. 

'CEO Jadon Paterson screwing more than his father's company.' It was the tamest of the headlines he had seen since the pictures hit the waves. Some had gone as far as to suggest Jadon was an escort on the side. But the worst were the ones that suggested Tapiwa was the peanut butter between the two brothers.

Jadon had read them all, every single one of the articles that seemed to spring out of the shadows like bees from a hive. How so many sources had the story in one version or another typed and published in such a short space of time just amazed him.

But the one thing that remained common through all the lies, dramatization, and exaggeration of their story was the pictures. They were the same nude pictures the blackmailer had sent him in an envelope. But they were even more, all of them of him and Tapiwa ravaging each other on the bed.

However, despite the gravity of the situation, Jadon felt a twitch in certain parts of his body as he scrolled through each photograph. Damn, if not for the fact that they had just been exposed to the world for cruel judgment, Jadon would have mused more on how well they fit together. 

One particular picture caught his attention and Jadon swore he could almost hear Tapiwa's moan through the image. Her head was thrown back, her spine arched as her hands gripped the sheets on either side of her body as though she needed something to anchor her or she would simply float away on the breeze. 

Jadon saved the picture. Hell, what was he doing? Jadon went back to the top of the list and saved every picture. He didn't want to think too much about it, he just knew he wanted them. 

It was as he was saving the last picture that there was a knock on his office door. He quickly locked his phone and set it on the desk, face down. "Come in," he called out. He assumed it was his secretary, and he was right.

Jadon realized he was also right, that the majority of people would be aware of his party night before the morning was over. He could tell the moment the elderly woman crossed the threshold that she knew. Mrs. Sitta refused to look up and meet his gaze as she walked over to his desk and set a folder on it.

An awkward silence then settled in the office as Mrs. Sitta continued to avoid eye contact and Jadon debated whether to offer an explanation for everything. However, before Jadon could reach a decision, his secretary broke the silence.

Mrs. Sitta opened the folder she had brought and pulled out a paper before she pushed it across the desk toward Jadon so he could see. "Sir, this is Uhm. This is an email from the Sunset estate. It just came in. They are pulling out of the offer to do business with the company."

The bottom of Jadon's stomach fell. Sweat began to form on his forehead despite the cool air circulating in the building. He blinked down at the papers, unwilling to even pick them up. Damn, that had been fast, he thought. The pictures hadn't even been up for twenty-four hours on the net and already companies were pulling out from doing business with them. His father was going to have an aneurysm when he found out. 

Right then, as though the thought of the man had conjured him, the office door slammed open and Lewis Paterson stormed in, fury radiating from him in palpable waves.

Before anyone could say anything, Lewis pointed a finger at Jadon's secretary. "You, get out!" 

Mrs. Sitta clamped her mouth shut and scurried out of the office as though it was on fire. Jadon didn't blame her. With the way his father glared at him, Jadon expected things to explode into flames any second.

Jadon watched his father exercise control honed by years of being in charge as they waited for the seconds it took them to be alone. Once they were, Lewis Paterson exploded. "Are you fucking trying to sink my company!?"

Jadon flinched before his back straightened and he pressed against his seat, shoulders squared. "No. I'm not."

The answer fell on deaf ears. Lewis snarled. Already standing on the other side of the desk, he suddenly bent forward and swiped his hand across the surface, sending the folder and everything else flying to the floor in a clutter of noise that was only drowned out by the roar of fury that left the man's throat.

Jadon jumped to his feet and took a step away from the desk. He had never seen his father in such a state and he had to admit that it made the unease double in his gut.

Cold eyes glared at Jadon as a tense silence filled the room, only broken by Lewis's heavy breaths. Jadon held his father's gaze, refusing to cower. He knew it looked bad, but he wasn't to blame for the mess. At least not this particular incident.

Maybe that was what he needed to explain to his father, Jadon thought. He should have perhaps talked to his father long before the shit had hit the fan, but Jadon didn't dwell on that. It wasn't going to solve the current predicament. 

"Let me explain," Jadon started, carefully watching his father.

"I told you to stay away from that girl!"

"This happened way before everything else. We were drugged at a party and couldn't remember. Someone tried to blackmail me with those pictures after. That's when I found out." Jadon blurted everything out, knowing he probably wouldn't get another chance to explain himself. And Jadon honestly wondered if his father was even listening to what he was saying or believing him for that matter. From the looks of it, he doubted it.

Lewis's eyes narrowed, his anger only seeming to rise higher. "All you are telling me is that you were reckless and put the reputation of this family and company in jeopardy. I trusted you, Jadon. I made you the CEO of my company and let you run the show. And this is the thanks I get! I have already received calls from two major investors questioning the integrity of my CEO. Our damn shares are standing on the knife's edge because of you!"

"I didn't post the pictures!" Jadon exploded. Hearing his father speak broke something in him. "Don't you get it? Someone set me up, took those photographs, and then attempted to blackmail me for the Sunset estate contract. They are the ones to blame for this mess!"

"No!" Lewis fired back, pointing a finger at Jadon. "I blame you for this mess."

"What? How-"

"You put yourself in the position to be set up. And after you had already screwed yourself six ways to Sunday You didn't come to me so that I could fix your damn mess before it ruined us all!"

Jadon opened his mouth, but he didn't know how to argue with that. Logically speaking, his father was right, but even if time was reversed somehow, Jadon knew he wouldn't have gone to his father and confessed the mess he had found himself in, so there was no point in even defending himself.

Either way, it seemed his father was done discussing the matter. The older man matched back to the office door and swung it open. Before Jadon could wonder what was happening, two men from security walked into the office behind Lewis, who was once again facing Jadon.

Lewis's voice was cold, leaving no room for argument. "Escort my son out of the building. He is no longer the CEO of this company, with immediate effect."
###chapter 48
Jadon completely missed his mouth, the alcohol pouring onto his bare chest. For a second, his brain had a hard time comprehending what had happened and the new sensations on his skin. 

Then it clicked and Jadon pulled the glass away from him and squinted at it. The glass was empty and none of the last contents had ended up in his mouth. Damn, it was official. He was drunk.

Actually, scratch that. Jadon knew he was beyond drunk and well on his way to passing out on his couch. God, how he wished it would happen already. Jadon was ready to just shut down and not think about anything. But it seemed he needed a few more gulps of alcohol to help him get there.

Barely able to lift his head, he looked around his living room. He blinked several times before he realized it wasn't his eyes that had trouble seeing, but that the room was dim from lack of light. It seemed the day had finally come to an end. Good.

Jadon couldn't remember the last twelve hours of the day. After he was escorted from the company building like a criminal, he had driven straight home and retrieved a bottle of whisky from his kitchen before he settled on the couch and just lost himself in the burn of the alcohol. 

Just to be certain he didn't get disturbed, Jadon had turned off his phone and thrown the damn thing in a drawer in the kitchen. He didn't want anyone else talking to him, not today. Jadon was having a pity party for one, and it suited him just fine.

Although, he was shocked neither Ezra nor Kaelo had stormed his front door and threatened to break it down if he didn't open it. He was also amazed that Asher hadn't made an appearance. With the evidence now public for the world to see, Jadon had thought Armageddon would surely follow. But no one had come after him and he had spent the hours alone, marinating his organs. 

Jadon must have dozed off because the next thing he knew, insistent pounding at his front door roused him. He blinked heavy eyelids and then froze in confusion when he was met with darkness. 

Feeling disoriented and confused as to why he had a pounding headache and the taste of something dead in his mouth, Jadon made to sit upright and grunted when he suddenly lost his balance and tumbled off the couch and onto the carpeted floor with a loud thud.

Right then, another set of loud knocks echoed from the door. "Okay! Okay! I'm coming!" Jadon shouted in frustration. 

Jadon then rolled to his hands and knees before he grabbed onto the couch and pulled himself to his feet. It was hard to tell if the room swam since everything was so dark, but Jadon felt as though he was about to go down again. His stomach churned, not helping his situation. 

A few seconds later, another knock finally got him moving, and it seemed that was what his brain needed in order to piece together the puzzle in his head. The pictures were out for the world to see. Tapiwa blamed him and told him to stay away. His father had fired him. That last one stung, but Jadon shook it off with a shrug. It was done and there was nothing he could do about it.

Except, remembering the reasons that had led to his solo drinking party gave him pause, only then realizing he didn't know who was at his door and that it could be Asher. Jadon stopped abruptly at the door and only hesitated a second before he flipped the switch and turned on the lights both inside and outside the house. 

There was the sound of feet shuffling, but then nothing. Nothing to tell Jadon who was at his door. Jadon blinked a few times, waiting for his own eyes to adjust to the light and stop piercing his still-intoxicated brain like a hot knife. Then he looked through his peephole and froze.

Shocked and half expecting to discover that he was hallucinating, Jadon threw open the door, barely registering how nice the cool night air felt against his skin. He stared at Tapiwa for a long minute, taking in her plain jeans and T-shirt before he found his voice and croaked out, "What are you doing here?"

Tapiwa frowned, her jaw clenched. For a moment, she looked as though she was about to turn around and bolt. Her eyes darted around before they dropped to her feet and then lifted back up to Jadon. 

"I'm sorry to just show up like this," she said, every word coming out as though it had been dragged over shards of glass and fire. Tapiwa grimaced and looked away. "I uhm I asked Nicole to get your address from Kaelo." 

Jadon blinked, unable to think of a single response to what she had said so far. Especially since she hadn't exactly answered his question, his brain processes were also waddling their way through molasses, so that didn't make coming up with a response easy.  

His lack of response seemed to make Tapiwa grow more uneasy, though. She shifted her weight from one foot to the other. Her hands came together in front of her and she proceeded to twist her fingers together almost aggressively. 

"I-" Tapiwa cut herself off and drew a deep breath before continuing. "I heard you lost your job. It's all over social media Right along with our Story. I'm sorry."

Those words finally seemed to snap Jadon out of whatever stupor he had been in. He snarled. "I don't need your sympathy. I'm sure you are doing a little happy dance in your head right now."

"What?" Tapiwa looked shocked by his words, which only made Jadon snort. "I'm not happy you lost your job," Tapiwa argued.

"Says the person who's blaming me for all this shit."

"I I may have been rushed in my reaction," Tapiwa said awkwardly.

Jadon's eyes narrowed. Something wasn't adding up. The woman couldn't have just had a sudden dose of common sense or whatever set her thoughts straight. He didn't believe it. Unfortunately, he was still too intoxicated to try to figure it out in his head. 

Hence, he just blurted out his thoughts. "Why are you suddenly like a kicked dog with its tail between its legs? What happened?"

Anger flashed in Tapiwa's eyes, but she looked away quickly. Jadon didn't miss it though, just like he didn't miss how her hands clenched into fists at her sides. "I lost my job," she gritted out after a beat.

Jadon snorted again, some form of dark pleasure washing over him from hearing those words.  He waved a hand in the air. "Welcome to the club. It must be something in the air."

"This isn't funny," Tapiwa snapped, glaring at him now and not bothering to hide it.

But Jadon only snickered. "Isn't it? Shit hit the fan and we are both bathed in it. I think it's only right we both have a slice of the consequences."

"A slice? Is that what you call it?" Tapiwa shouted, her temper clearly climbing. "I have lost my family, my job, and now even a roof over my head because my friend's parents don't want someone with my reputation anywhere near their daughter. Does that sound like a slice to you? I have gotten the whole fucking cake!"

Jadon's lips pursed. He didn't know what to say. Clearly, the ripple effects of their encounter were causing a tsunami in Tapiwa's life, but what was he supposed to do about it? "Why are you here, Tapiwa? You came to make sure I knew just how badly your life has been screwed up?"

This time, it was Tapiwa who snorted. She shook her head. "No. I came to take you up on your offer. I need a place to stay." As she finished her statement, Tapiwa reached behind her and pulled forward a suitcase Jadon hadn't noticed before. 

Well, damn.
###chapter 49
Jadon wasn't stunned. No. Scratch that. That was too tame a word to describe what he felt. His brain had literally gone offline the moment Tapiwa mentioned her intention to stay under his roof. 

Which was probably why they were now in his living room, and he had no idea how they had moved from the door.

An awkward silence stretched as they both just stood there, surrounded by his furniture and the heavy scent of whisky in the air as though Jadon had somehow bathed the room in it before she arrived. 

Given the state he had been in when her knocking woke him up, he wasn't sure he hadn't soaked some of his furniture in alcohol. He probably should check but he couldn't bring himself to care at that very moment. 

All his attention was on the woman. Jadon noticed that Tapiwa looked around the living room with mild curiosity, but mostly she just looked exhausted and ready to drop. 

However, she hadn't taken a seat. Not that he had offered one. She just stood there, next to her rather large suitcase with her arms folded over her chest, her bottom lip abused between her teeth as her eyes darted around. It was like watching a cornered animal.

Several conflicting emotions raced through him. Jadon drew a deep breath and released it quietly. His brain was still a little too pickled for any serious conversation or thinking. Hell, it was hard for him to even keep his thoughts straight. For heaven's sake, a good section of his brain was kind of excited that Tapiwa was under his roof and would be sleeping in his bed. 

No. Jadon mentally shook his head and quickly corrected that last part. Tapiwa would be sleeping in the spare room, not his bed. Yes, they'd had sex- more than once, and that was exactly why they were both in so much trouble. Jobless and about to be skinned alive by their own families. 

Really, if they had an ounce of self-preservation left, they would stay the hell away from each other, Jadon thought even as he ignored how the rest of his body felt about Tapiwa's close proximity.

Just then, as though reading his mind, at least the inappropriate part, Tapiwa suddenly met his gaze with a narrowed glare. "Fine. I guess this will do, but I have some rules." 

Jadon felt his eyebrows chase his hairline. He suddenly choked on his saliva and had to clear his throat before he attempted to ask, "This will do? Gee I'm so glad you approve of your only option of accommodation."

Tapiwa's nostrils flared in obvious anger and Jadon wasn't sure if he found that cute or irritating. He blamed his confused thoughts on the matter on the alcohol still clearly swimming in his bloodstream. 

Speaking of which, Jadon shook his head and made his way toward his kitchen. His mouth still tasted as though something had crawled onto his tongue and died there. He also had a pounding headache behind his eyes and knew he needed water to hydrate his body back to normalcy. 

Tapiwa's hurried footsteps were right behind him. "I said I had rules," she insisted. 

"Yes, of course," Jadon deadpanned over his shoulder. "Let's hear them." He reached for a bottle of water in his fridge, twisted the top off, and swallowed a third of the bottle before he turned around and looked at the woman who had turned his life upside down again. Only then did he realize that she had been quiet instead of giving him her ten commandments. And he quickly realized why. 

Tapiwa's eyes were taking in his moderate, yet modern kitchen with all the chrome and black electrical appliances he never really had the time to use with his busy work life as a CEO. Which he wasn't anymore. The thought hit him again and made his stomach churn as though he had just gulped down acid instead of plain water.

Now irritated and needing to get away for a few hours before he faced what was left of his life, Jadon waved an impatient hand at Tapiwa, snapping her attention back to him. "Your rules, your majesty?" 

It seemed an intoxicated brain and anger made a terrible combination for the words that left his mouth, but unfortunately for Tapiwa, he didn't care. He just snapped his fingers in her flaring face and told her to get on with it.

Tapiwa gave a loud sigh as though resigned to her fate. She folded her arms across her chest again. "There will be no sex."

Jadon realized his mistake a second too late. He quickly lowered the bottle of water, his body already wrapped in a fit of coughs as his lungs tried to expel the water he had accidentally inhaled. 

"Fuck!" Jadon leaned forward, hand braced against the island. Water dripped down his chin and nose. His eyes watered and he had to blink several times before he realized that Tapiwa had moved closer and was about to touch him. 

Jadon jumped back before she made contact. "No!" he stated, before coughing some more.

"I just wanted to pat your back," Tapiwa said, sounding almost offended.

Jadon shot her a glare. He wiped at the mess on his face with the back of his hand, tossing the almost empty bottle of water into the sink. "I think you have done enough," he snapped.

A beat passed. Tapiwa narrowed her eyes. "What is that supposed to insinuate?"

"Simple." Jadon didn't miss a beat. "You are hazardous to my health. You have been in my house less than half an hour and already I am about to hack up a lung and a kidney." 

"It's not my fault you don't know how to swallow."

Jadon quickly pressed his lips together to prevent the words that rushed to his tongue from tumbling out. His head was still a little fuzzy, less now that he was forced to think so much, but even at less than a hundred percent, he knew not to take the bait of her words and say what had immediately popped into his mind. 

So, instead, after a handful of seconds, he asked, "No sex?" That's your rule?" Surprisingly, although Jadon had reached the same conclusion not ten minutes before, he still felt as though the rule she suggested scraped against his sensitive skin like sandpaper.

Tapiwa took a step away from him. "Yes," she stated firmly. "We are not in a relationship. I will cook and clean since I can't currently contribute financially. But that is all I am willing to do. I will not have sex with you just so I have a roof over my head." 

"Damn," Jadon chuckled and shook his head. "Sounds like you gave it some real thought. Did you plan the speech on your way here? Maybe you wrote it down on a piece of paper?" 

"Don't mock me." 

"That's impossible. You are mocking yourself by being so naïve. You do realize that lust and passion don't just come out of a tap in the sink, right? You can't just turn it off and in case you missed it We have it in spades."

Tapiwa's jaw clenched and twitched. She lifted her chin defiantly. "Well, I can."

For some reason, those words rubbed Jadon the wrong way. "Well, you are in luck." He gave her a toothy smile. "I had no plans to touch you. Sleeping with you has brought me more than enough problems and I would like to keep the little sanity I have left."   

Tapiwa's mouth fell open. She blinked at him and actually had the audacity to look offended, much to Jadon's amazement. "Are you are you?" she spluttered.

Jadon cut her off with a hand in the air. "Please, just shut up. I have had all I can handle for today." With that, he turned toward the hallway and stumbled his way out of the kitchen, glad his legs had enough strength and coordination to get him to his destination without further humiliation. 

He was halfway to his room when he threw over his shoulder with all the sarcasm he could muster. "Oh, make yourself at home, darling."
###chapter 50
It was morning, and Jadon could tell from the sunlight streaming into his bedroom through the thin space between his curtains. It was also very warm, as though the sun had sat right outside his window and directed all its heat into his room.

Jadon groaned, remembering that he hadn't switched on his air conditioner last night when he finally stumbled to bed. And now, as he lay on his back, staring up at the ceiling, he felt the sweat that covered his entire body like layers of molasses. Gross.

He needed a shower. And a large cup of coffee to kill off the hangover that clung to him. Just then, as the thought of coffee settled in his mind, Jadon's senses caught a whiff of eggs and cheese. His stomach growled, even as his mind fought to make sense of the smell in his house. Unless he had bought an automated chef, he didn't understand why his house smelled of food while he was still in bed.

Someone had to be in the house, he realized. Jadon pushed himself up by his elbows and stared at his bedroom door. For a moment, he just froze and tried to piece together the events of the previous day. 

Oh, that's right, Jadon remembered with a sinking feeling in his gut. He had been fired after his pictures hit the web. Then Tapiwa had been at his door. As soon as the last thought entered his mind, Jadon shot up into a sitting position and swung his legs off the bed. 

The sudden motion threatened to bring bile to the back of his throat, but he was too preoccupied with what he had realized to be concerned with an upset stomach. So much so that the feeling went away as fast as it had hit him. Then Jadon was only faced with one fact: Tapiwa was in his house, and by the smell of it, she had cooked breakfast. What the hell? 

Jadon wasn't sure what he felt was irritation that she had made herself at home like that. Or if he was pleased. Either way, his emotions on the matter could wait. He wanted to see the woman first.

After a quick visit to the bathroom, Jadon pulled on a pair of sweats and a T-shirt. He also took a second to swallow two ibuprofen to help with the ache in his head before he made his way to the door. 

He was buying himself a few seconds to align his thoughts. Jadon couldn't remember everything that had been said last night when Tapiwa showed up at his door, but what he remembered made him cringe before anger crept into his bloodstream.  

No sex. Jadon scoffed at the memory of her rule. Had the woman thought he would jump her as soon as they were behind a closed door? After everything sleeping with her had brought him? Jadon wasn't masochistic. 

But she had felt the need to state the rule out loud, and Jadon hadn't taken it well. He blamed the alcohol. 

Jadon reached his bedroom door, took a deep breath, and grabbed the doorknob. He almost laughed at his own theatrics. One would have thought he was about to head out into a war zone, which, given their interaction last night, Jadon thought it wasn't so farfetched. 

Snorting, Jadon stepped out into the hallway but came to an abrupt halt when he heard what sounded like his entire kitchen crashing to the floor. Without wasting a second, Jadon ran toward the kitchen, his heart threatening to beat out of his chest.

An uncharacteristic fear for Tapiwa gripped him. Jadon needed to see her and ensure she was okay. What if she was injured? Jadon's mind immediately tried to remember where he had left his phone so he could call an ambulance. 

However, as soon as he stepped into the kitchen, Jadon's emotions morphed from one of fear for Tapiwa's wellbeing to wishing he could personally wrap his hands around the woman's neck and squeeze. "What the fuck did you do to my kitchen?" Jadon demanded, eyes wide as he took in the disaster in front of him that had once been his kitchen.

It was utter chaos. On the floor of the kitchen, where Tapiwa now froze in a crouched position, was a mosaic of broken pieces of ceramic he recognized had once been his dinner plates. He hazarded a guess that he had found the source of the crash. 

Still wondering what the hell had happened, Jadon took in several open cabinet doors and their empty shelves that had once held all his kitchen utensils. The utensils that now lay scattered all around his kitchen counters and island as though he had just moved into the house and had yet to find a place for his belongings.

As though that wasn't enough, Jadon caught sight of empty eggshells, shredded cheese, and half-chopped vegetables still seated on the counter next to the stove. An omelet on a plate was on the other side, partially covered while there seemed to be another on the hot plate, and by the smell of things, Jadon knew it was just about to burn and be nothing but black ash in the skillet if it wasn't removed from the heat that very instant.

Jadon jerked forward and headed for the stove. Thankfully, the shards of the broken plate had been kept to one side of the kitchen, so Jadon didn't have to worry about his bare feet as he raced forward and prevented his house from the smell of burned eggs. 

Unceremoniously, he dropped the skillet in the sink, turned off the stove, and then turned to glare at the woman. 

Standing amidst the chaos she had caused, Tapiwa had the decency to look sheepish. Unfortunately for her, Jadon was too pissed to take a gentle approach. His arms swung wide at his sides, his glare fixed on her. 

"What the hell is this?"

Tapiwa flinched. Her lips pinched together as a frown formed between her brows. She didn't meet his gaze, but she looked around at the mess she had single-handedly created. "I was trying to fix your kitchen," she explained. And then, to Jadon's amazement, the woman lifted her chin defiantly and met his gaze.

That only made Jadon see red. "Fix... Fix my kitchen? What the fuck do you mean you were trying to fix my kitchen?" 

Tapiwa's frown deepened. "I said I would cook for you last night, so I was making you breakfast and then I realized everything was just" She waved a frustrated hand in the air. "Everywhere! There was no order in your cabinets. So I was fixing that."

Jadon was vaguely aware of his mouth falling open. A beat later. he snapped it shut, shook his head, hand raised. "You know what? It's too early for this. I can't deal with this right now."

"Okay. Well" Tapiwa looked around and grimaced as though finally seeing just how bad it was. "Uhm. Your breakfast is ready. You can sit down at the dining table and I will bring it." 

A snort of disbelief escaped Jadon. "No thanks. I would rather grab something at the café down the street." 

A look of hurt flashed in Tapiwa's eyes. Or at least, Jadon thought it was hurt. A second later, he was certain he had seen wrong when his gaze was met with pure irritation. "Fine. Suit yourself."

Jadon shook his head, looked at his kitchen again, and shuddered before he turned for the door. Barely a step in that direction, he stopped and faced the woman again as a thought occurred to him.  

"I'm going out to look for a job. I suggest you do the same thing instead of wrecking up my house."

"It's not my fault you lack organizational skills in your kitchen," Tapiwa fired back, arms crossed over her chest.

For some reason, that was when Jadon realized what Tapiwa was wearing. She had on a plain T-shirt at least three sizes too big, causing the neck to droop over her left shoulder. It was obvious she had no bra inside and he wasn't so sure if there was anything under the small shorts that completed her nightwear. 

Damn. The sight and realization that he knew what lay underneath and could almost remember the feel of her sent blood south so fast Jadon almost felt light-headed. Unfortunately, his brain reminded him just as fast about the no-sex rule. Shit.

Without a word, knowing he was only wearing sweats that wouldn't hide anything, Jadon spun on his feet, ignored her words, and left the room as though it had suddenly caught fire. Or perhaps he was the one on fire. He certainly felt too hot.
###chapter 51
One long, cold shower later, Jadon was in an even worse mood than he had been when he stormed out of the kitchen. 

It didn't help that he had been forced to beat one out because his damn cock wouldn't go down no matter how many times he reminded himself that being with Tapiwa was just asking for more trouble. Not that it had made much of a difference.

Jadon sighed in frustration and stared down the front of his suit pants with a frown. There was no missing the bulge his semi caused. But he didn't have time to indulge his body's needs. He had to head out, meet his friends, and figure out what he was going to do now that he didn't have a job at his father's company.

Finding another source of income as soon as possible was in his best interest. His bank account wasn't in the red, but he didn't have enough to live the rest of his life like a king either. Jadon knew if he lived on his savings for months, then he wouldn't have enough to invest into a business like they had planned with his friend. Hence, the time for decisions was now. 

With that thought in mind, Jadon exhaled heavily, grabbed his tie and jacket, and made for the bedroom door. The entire time he stood under the cold spray of his shower, Jadon planned to avoid Tapiwa on his way out.

It should have been easy to do, considering he assumed she would still be in the kitchen trying to fix the apocalyptic disaster she had created. All he had to do was walk past the kitchen door and not walk in. That was what Jadon had planned to do. Except he found himself stopping and stepping into the kitchen before he even realized what he was doing.

To his shock, although Jadon thought he really shouldn't have been shocked at all, he found Tapiwa seated at the island, in the midst of the chaos, eating the omelet she had made for him. 

She quietly watched him as he entered. Then, as though to prove a point, she carefully cut a rather large piece and stuffed it into her mouth, her eye still fixed on him. For a second, the ridiculousness of the situation and how full her cheeks were almost made him smile. Almost.

But then his eyes wandered back around to the mess and all the humor left him again. Not surprisingly, his rude self came back in full force. "Glad to see you are enjoying yourself," he snarled. "I hope you will still have the energy to fix the mess you created once you are done."

Tapiwa's chewing slowed, anger evident in her gaze as she glared at him. "I'm eating an omelet, not an elephant."

Jadon still didn't look impressed. He looked down at her half-eaten plate. "At least try to cut smaller pieces. The eggs are already dead. They won't suddenly turn into chicks and run off your plate."

A beat passed in tense silence. Jadon was certain Tapiwa was about to tell him where he could shove his opinion on her eating habits. Her jaw clenched, and the fingers wrapped around the fork tightened until her knuckles paled. The thought of taking a step back out of stabbing range flashed through his mind, and he almost followed it. 

But before his feet made a move, Tapiwa dropped her fork on the island with a loud clatter. She then grabbed the remaining half of her omelet with her fingers. Jadon watched, shocked and quite intrigued, as she proceeded to roll the omelet into the size of a decent sausage roll. 

Before he could guess what she was about to do, Tapiwa met his gaze and shoved the whole thing into her mouth. 

Jadon slowly blinked. That hadn't just happened, had it? He couldn't believe it even as he watched her stubbornly struggle to chew the mouthful. After half a minute of watching, though, Jadon couldn't hold back, incredulous laughter burst from his mouth.

This only seemed to anger Tapiwa some more, of course. Furiously glaring, which didn't work well with full cheeks, she leaned back and folded her arms over her chest. Suddenly, Jadon had an image of an angry chipmunk in his head, and he nearly doubled over in laughter.

He was wiping tears from the sides of his eyes, his chest aching and heaving by the time Tapiwa swallowed the last of it. Her glare didn't waver. 

"Are you done?" she asked in a prissy tone.

Jadon shook his head, a few more chuckles bubbling out of his throat. In all honesty, Jadon was enjoying himself too much, watching Tapiwa fume. At least it had taken care of the boner he had been struggling with and had the added bonus of adding a few more seconds to his life if he believed all that nonsense about laughter being a cure for anything wrong in the world.

He, however, still had a little wisdom left and Jadon knew he had to get out of the house before the anger he saw brewing behind Tapiwa's eyes reached a boiling point and spilled all over him. So, without any further words, Jadon turned on his heels and walked out of the kitchen.

Less than a minute later, he threw his front door open, only to come to an abrupt halt. Shit! Jadon took a step back, ready to slam the door shut in his brother's face, but Asher was quick. Asher gripped the edge of the door, forced it to remain open, and forced his way inside before Jadon would engage his muscles to stop him.

Jadon didn't step away from the door, even though Asher was now in his house, looking around with a snarl. Jadon didn't like this. Asher had promised to deal with him the last time he had been there banging on his locked door. He didn't want another physical confrontation while his body was still healing and he wanted one less right now while Tapiwa was in the house and might get hurt in the process. 

This meant Jadon had to get rid of Asher before his brother exploded or found out Tapiwa was in the kitchen and the situation turned into a life-and-death gamble. 

"Asher, what are you doing here?" Jadon asked just loud enough he hoped Tapiwa heard and understood the warning to stay out of sight. 

Cold, glaring eyes met Jadon's gaze. Then an arrogant smirk took over the expression. "I told you I would make you pay. I'm the new CEO of the company."

That didn't sit well with Jadon. Suddenly, his stomach felt as though he had swallowed a giant rock. His father certainly hadn't wasted time replacing him. It had barely been twenty-four hours since he had been escorted out of the offices. It stung to know his father had just given the position to Asher so fast. But he didn't let it show on his face. "And? What is this? You just came to gloat?" 

The snarl was back. Asher looked less than pleased by Jadon's response. But then, he looked like he still thought he had one over Jadon, and his next words told Jadon what his brother thought was the ace in his deck.

"Actually, I'm here to confiscate all company property in your possession." He smiled then, showing Jadon a row of teeth so white and straight he was tempted to rearrange them at the back of Asher's throat. 

"I don't have any company property in my possession," Jadon gritted out. 

His brother scoffed and then made a show of looking around Jadon's foyer. "I believe this house and the car belong to the company."

Jadon nearly burst out laughing. Was that what Asher was hoping? Had his brother come to his house hoping to throw him out into the street with nothing to his name? Jadon knew he shouldn't have been shocked by this. 

Unfortunately, before Jadon could pop his brother's bubble and then ask him to get the hell out of his house, a choked sound behind Asher cut through the air and Jadon tensed. Shit. No. Unfortunately, it was exactly what he had feared. 

In a heartbeat, Asher spun and came face to face with Tapiwa, who stood frozen in the kitchen doorway. Jadon was moving before his brain registered what he was doing.
###chapter 52
Watching Jadon walk out of the kitchen, still clearly laughing at her, had nearly sent Tapiwa into a fit of rage. The man had to thank his angels that she hadn't sent the empty plate flying at his retreating back; she thought with a scowl.

Hell, the man had to be grateful she hadn't broken another plate just to get on his nerves. Tapiwa fumed, her hands fisted on her lap. She looked around at the mess she had started. 

Honestly, Tapiwa had no idea how it had gotten that bad. It had all started with her wanting to put the mugs in order. And then she had discovered that the skillet had been thrown in the same cabinet as the plates. After that, Tapiwa lost track of her own actions. And now she sat in the midst of a mess she knew would take hours to fix. 

Part of her, the immature part that felt a bone-deep need to get on Jadon's nerves, was tempted to just leave the mess as it was until Jadon got home. See if he would still be laughing then. 

But Tapiwa knew she couldn't do that. Jadon had given her a bed to sleep in and was willing to feed her until this entire mess blew over. Pissing him off wasn't in her best interest. 

With that in mind, Tapiwa got off the stool and walked over to the sink to get started. That's when she heard the voices. 

Tapiwa stopped and frowned, confused. She'd thought Jadon had already left the house. She could have sworn she'd heard the front door open, but now she was certain one of the voices she heard in the hallway belonged to him. 

Acting on her curiosity, because Tapiwa didn't believe curiosity killed the cat, she quietly made her way toward the hallway that led to the front door. 

The tension was the first thing she sensed when she stepped into the hallway. It pulsed against the walls like a living, breathing being. She should have stepped back and stayed away, but she had to know what was going on. Then she saw them and the air rushed out of her lungs in a choke.

Suddenly, the brothers were staring at her. Before she knew what was happening, though, Jadon rushed forward and placed himself between Tapiwa and Asher. The move was so unexpected that Tapiwa gasped and took a step back, even as her heart warmed at the thought that he wanted to protect her. Or maybe he just didn't want a murder scene in his house. Either way, Jadon placed himself as a human shield, and it wasn't a second too soon.

Asher, who had been too shocked to react a second before, exploded. "Are you fucking kidding me?"

Tapiwa flinched, but she didn't run. 

"Get out of my house," Jadon barked, his back so stiff Tapiwa could see the muscles ripple even through the suit.

Asher's furious gaze darted between Jadon and Tapiwa. "So this was what was happening all along?"

An exasperated groan tore out of Jadon. He took a step toward his brother. "Asher, I don't care what you think or believe. I just want you the hell out of my house. Right. Now."

Tapiwa's heart was no longer beating at the back of her throat. She was sure it had just left her body. Her ears rang and her vision blurred. But she didn't miss the second things turned from bad to chaotic. 

With a growl that sounded more animalistic than human, Asher lunged forward at Jadon. The first sound of a fist meeting flesh echoed a second later. Tapiwa wasn't sure who had punched who. She was too busy screaming as she dropped to her knees against the wall and covered her head with her arms. 

For several seconds, all she heard was the madness of fists meeting flesh, grunts, and the occasional thud, as though someone had hit the floor or wall. Something smashed, the sound so loud she flinched. She didn't look. Part of her told her she needed to help Jadon. Maybe call the police or grab something from the kitchen to beat Asher with. 

Unfortunately, her body seemed to have locked in fear and she couldn't do anything but wait it out, hoping like hell Asher wasn't left the last man standing. She didn't want to think he would physically harm her, but she wouldn't bet her neck on it.

Then suddenly she heard the front door slam shut, the force of it making the wall she cradled against tremble from the force. An eerie silence followed. Tapiwa squeezed her eyes shut and waited. 

But after a long minute, she needed to know. What if Asher had killed Jadon and then escaped? What if Jadon was bleeding out on the floor just a few feet from her while she cowered against the wall, doing nothing?

The thought brought bile to the back of her throat but propelled her into motion. Tapiwa dropped her arms and jerked into an upright position. When her eyes landed on Jadon, a whimper escaped her throat before she could hold it back.

*** 

Jadon winced, his teeth clenched tightly as he fought not to move despite the pain. The nurse was almost done, and he didn't want to delay the process any further.

Still, his reaction got him a lecture. "This could have been less painful if you had just gone to the hospital," the nurse said with a pointed look before piercing his skin again with her needle.

"I appreciate you doing this," Jadon said instead, and the woman just huffed, earning a snicker from Ezra.

They were all gathered at Ezra's closed sportswear boutique. After Jadon threw Asher out of his house and took stock of the additional damage done to his body, he knew he needed stitches. Unfortunately, going to the hospital would have raised more questions, and Jadon thought his life was already enough of a shit show.

The last thing he wanted was to file another police report for assault, which was the only way to get treated at the hospital. One look at him and the doctors would have known he hadn't walked into a door or slipped on the wet bathroom floor. His face looked like he had been in a scuffle with a pissed-off man and there was no hiding it.

Lucky for him, though, one of Ezra's past girlfriends was a nurse and when they called, she came, no questions asked. Jadon couldn't even remember her name, but he was grateful for her help.

"There. All done," she finally said before she gently tilted his head to the side to admire her work. She gave herself a nod of approval. "I think you will still be handsome."

"Now I remember why we broke up," Ezra suddenly said. He shook his head and crossed his arms over his chest, regarding the nurse with an unimpressed look. "I was here wondering why we broke up, but that just reminded me." 

Kaelo snorted, giving Ezra a side-eye. "You mean you forgot how insecure she made you feel by always talking about how handsome your friends are?"

Pursing her lips, the nurse began to clean up. No one missed the darker shade of embarrassment on her cheeks. Thankfully, though, his friends decided not to point it out and waited for her to pack up and leave before they said anything further. 

Jadon was glad. He didn't want the woman pissed at them. The way things were going, there was every chance they would need her services again, and he didn't want to risk her turning them down because Ezra and Kaelo lacked tact. 

So, to make sure the woman was sufficiently motivated to still answer their call and ignore the jabs, Jadon gave her a nice amount for her 'transport' and then she was gone and Jadon faced his two idiot friends. 

"You couldn't help yourself?" Jadon asked Ezra.

Unfazed, Ezra shrugged with a grin. "Trust me, I did you a favor."

Shaking his head, Jadon dropped the subject and finally leaned back in his seat and closed his eyes. God, his body felt as though he had been run over by a twenty-ton truck several times. He was in pain, and the pills he had taken earlier were yet to make a difference.

"Hey, you good?" Kaelo's voice cut through the silence. 

Jadon snorted. "Far from it."

"Yeah. You look like shit."

Opening his left eye, which hurt less since it wasn't directly under the stitched cut on his forehead, Jadon glared at his friend. "How about you stop stating the irritating obvious and help me instead get my life back on track before there is nothing left of me to save?"

"Dramatic much?" Ezra teased and got a glare as well for his trouble. 

Hoping to relax a little so he could think straight, Jadon closed his eyes again and just drew a deep breath. 

"Are you really going to live with Tapiwa under the same roof?" Kaelo asked after a beat. 

Jadon sighed. He could still see the horrified look on her face when he left the house bleeding. She had been frantic and nearly hysterical, but Jadon hadn't been in any mindset to deal with that and calm her. So he'd snapped at her and told her to leave him alone before he stormed out the door. Now he regretted it and wondered if she would be home when he got back. He wouldn't be shocked if she left. 

Except she had nowhere to go. 

"Yeah," Jadon said quietly. "She will stay with me." Sitting up then, his face took on a hard look. "Besides, I think it's safer given everything that happened."

Kaelo and Ezra nodded before they shared a long look. After a beat, Kaelo held Jadon's gaze. "Since you are no longer working for your father and it's official can we now focus on starting something of our own?"

"Please, say yes," Ezra pleaded. He waved a hand around the boutique. "I like this, but I am bored out of my mind here."

Jadon chuckled, the move making his chest ache. He quickly stopped. "Yeah. We can finally get that on the drawing board. But I want to find out who blackmailed me and put those pictures on the net before we get anywhere."

Kaelo frowned. "Do you think they would still come after you after exposing you?"

Jadon shrugged with a grimace. "With these people, who can truly know?"
###chapter 53
For the rest of the day, Jadon tended to his anger and frustration toward Asher and the Tapiwa situation like a pot of stew on the stove. Every time his friends dared to distract him from it, Jadon knew exactly what thoughts to conjure up to mentally adjust the heat and ensure he was still bubbling hot by the time he drove back home to face the woman again.

It was either he held on to the anger or he allowed the desire sizzling under his skin to take over, and he knew neither of them wanted that. Hell, the woman had made the rules. No sex. No complications. Jadon was determined to stick to that.

For a long minute, Jadon remained in his car outside in the driveway, thinking of the best approach for the rest of the evening. He wanted to avoid Tapiwa but knew in his gut he wouldn't. 

With a huff of frustration, he got out of the car and made his way into the house. The first thing he noticed was how clean the foyer seemed. There wasn't a thing in disarray from his earlier scuffle with Asher, not even a drop of blood. The house also smelled strongly of his cleaning products and the distinct smell of Tapiwa, which explained why it was so clean. 

Suddenly, Jadon wasn't sure he could hold on to his anger and keep the distance between them. This felt too domesticated, like a husband returning home from work to his sweet little wife. The thought sent a jolt so strong down his body that Jadon nearly dropped his keys. That wouldn't do.

Dragging a steadying breath into his lungs and willing his growing cock to behave itself, Jadon cautiously made his way further into his house. 

His first stop was the kitchen, where he was met with a delicious smell, thankfully clear floors and counters, but no Tapiwa. Frowning, Jadon checked the living room. She wasn't there and there didn't seem to be any evidence she had been in there at any time today. 

Feeling suddenly anxious and wondering if she might have left after all, Jadon quickened his steps. He was already halfway to the guest room when his brain kicked in and pointed out that she couldn't have left if there was a hot cooked meal in the kitchen.

Jadon came to an abrupt halt and tried to steady himself. He didn't want to rush into the room and have to explain that he'd thought she left and the idea had twisted his gut to the point of pain.

After a minute and feeling more relaxed, Jadon made it all the way to the guest bedroom. However, when he knocked on the door and almost immediately heard a crush and a yelp from the other side of the door, all the composure he had gathered evaporated in a heartbeat.   

Alarmed and concerned, Jadon threw the door open and rushed inside. Déjà vu hit him as soon as he was in the room. 

It was like the kitchen that morning all over again. Jadon looked down at the stacks of books on the floor and bed, which should have been neatly sitting on the wall-to-wall shelves on one side of the room. 

The woman responsible was once again on the floor, except this time it seemed she had fallen off a chair, which he was sure had come from his dining room and shouldn't have been in the room. She was on her back, eyes wide with shock, he guessed. She was also dressed in jeans and a long-sleeved shirt, so there was very little skin on display. Shame.

Still trying to understand what it was exactly that he was seeing and ignoring his immediate concern for her wellbeing, Jadon studied the books on the topmost shelf and those scattered around Tapiwa's legs in a way that put Jadon's teeth on edge. Suddenly, understanding dawned. She was rearranging his bookshelves and had fallen off the chair when he knocked. 

He guessed he should have anticipated the woman would feel the need to poke at his books. She'd worked in a library, for crying out loud. But still, he couldn't stop the irritation he felt from bubbling over and pouring out of his lips.

"Do you have something against respecting my belongings?" Jadon snapped through clenched teeth. 

"I-" She cut herself off and scrambled to her feet. 

Jadon didn't miss the slight wince she tried to hide. Once she was standing, though, whatever guilt she'd had for once again making a mess of his house vanished like a puff of smoke in the breeze and he saw he was about to deal with the stubborn, argumentative woman once again. 

Jadon nearly stormed out of the room before she started, but for some reason, his feet remained glued to the threshold. 

Tapiwa looked around and then folded her arms over her chest. "I was just trying to stay busy," she said defiantly, her chin jutting out in the slightest. 

"Most people watch television." 

"I don't like television much," Tapiwa retorted without missing a beat. 

Jadon arched a brow, not having expected that answer. "Let me guess. You prefer books," he said sarcastically, shooting the scattered books another glare. "But you can't just read them like a normal person. No. You have to rearrange them as well." He shook his head, frowning. "Do you have an OCD condition or something?"

"I don't have OCD." 

"Are you sure? Maybe you just haven't been diagnosed yet. It's not something to be ashamed of. It would just explain this obsessive behavior you have to rearrange everything in my house. I mean-" 

Jadon threw his arms wide in exasperation. "I am almost expecting to find you in my underwear drawer tomorrow. Because You know I don't color-code them or anything like that."

Tapiwa's nostrils flared. "I don't have OCD and I will not be checking your underwear drawer or any other drawer in your room."

"Probably a good idea. My bedside table has condoms and lube. It would just be creepy if you started stacking them according to brands and colors." 

"You-" Tapiwa spat even as her arms dropped to her sides and her hands curled up into fists. "Fuck this!" she suddenly bellowed before she turned on the bare soles of her feet and stormed over to her suitcase by the wall.

Before Jadon could ask what the hell she was doing, Tapiwa began an agitated struggle to lift her heavy suitcase above the books, all the way to the door. Jadon watched, rather fascinated. He opened his mouth to ask where she was going, but then clamped it shut and decided to just watch. 

By the time Tapiwa got to the bedroom door, she was breathing heavily and sweating. But that wasn't about to stop her. She glared bloody murder at Jadon, and he chose to silently step out of her way. 

Jadon didn't follow after Tapiwa as she marched down his hallway to the front door. She had nowhere to go. They both knew this. He wasn't going to beg her to stay. Especially not when she was just being dramatic after deliberately messing up his house every time he turned his back. The damn woman needed to learn boundaries.

The front door slammed shut. Jadon sighed. Despite his resolve just seconds before, he almost went after her. But no. He would wait and see what she did. If she was gone for good well, Jadon wasn't sure what he would do, but he would figure it out after he put his books back where they belonged.

Ten minutes later, Jadon had barely filled the first row of shelves when he heard knocking at the front door. He paused, certain it was Tapiwa. She didn't have a key to his house and the door would have locked after she left.

Some part of him wanted to leave her outside for some minutes, just to make a point. His insides clenched and Jadon was on his feet before he thought too hard about it. 

As expected, Tapiwa was at the door when he opened it. But Jadon frowned. Unlike when she'd left the house, looking like a pissed-off kitten, Tapiwa looked spooked. She was covered in sweat, breathing hard, and she kept darting glances over her shoulder into the shadows as though expecting danger.

What the hell? Jadon stepped forward and grabbed her elbow, guiding her back into the house before he grabbed her bag and slammed the door shut. Then he faced her. "What happened?"

Trembling like a leaf caught in a storm, Tapiwa wrapped her arms around herself and shook her head. She squeezed her eyes shut and drew a deep breath. "I think I thought I think I saw the man that tried to drown me. He was standing at the end of the street." Tapiwa opened glazed eyes and looked at Jadon before she whispered, "I think he was watching the house."
###chapter 54
Jadon's first instinct was to rush out the door and go after the man who had tried to harm Tapiwa. The rage was instantaneous, covering him in a red haze he could barely see through. 

But then Tapiwa whimpered. Her arms shook even as she wrapped them around herself as though seeking any form of shield between her and the thing that scared her. It was like a bucket of ice-cold water. Jadon couldn't leave. He had to take care of Tapiwa.

Several minutes later, Jadon had Tapiwa situated on the carpet with a glass of orange juice while they waited for the pizza he'd ordered for them. 

Tapiwa had finally calmed enough to stop shaking like a leaf caught in a storm, but she still looked a second away from ducking under the table at the slightest hint of trouble. Not that Jadon blamed her. He didn't want to imagine the memories going through her mind after seeing the man again.

Actually, Jadon had a feeling that nothing that went through Tapiwa's mind right now was healthy for her. So, he decided to break the silence and the first thing that entered his mind was his books and the mess she had created. A mess that still needed to be sorted out but could wait.

Still, he said, "My books weren't in a mess. There was an order to the way I had put them." 

At the sound of his voice, Tapiwa's head snapped up. Jadon watched as her expression went from shock to confusion and then downright disbelief. She stared at him as though he had grown a second head.

"You want to talk about your books right now?" she asked after a beat, her astonished eyes still fixed on him. 

Jadon shrugged and went for nonchalant. "Would you rather talk about the man stalking you?" 

Visibly shuddering, Tapiwa shook her head no. "Uhm No. But I know we probably should." 

"Yes, we should. But right now, let's discuss my books." 

Tapiwa pursed her lips. She regarded Jadon with a frustrated gaze. "Fine. What were you talking about? What damn order did I disrupt in your books?" 

"You know-" Jadon cut himself off and ground his molars for a second. Her bitchy attitude was enough to make him bristle, but he didn't want them arguing again. The heated exchanges they had engaged in since she stepped into his house hadn't helped them in any way except to drive her out the door, where she nearly ran into her stalker. He couldn't let that happen again.

So, deciding to be the mature one in the situation, Jadon drew a deep breath and released it slowly. When he was certain the next words out of his mouth wouldn't be a spark to ignite the flames, he opened his mouth to speak. But then the woman beat him to it and spoke first.

"I'm sorry. That was rude," she said, not meeting his eyes.

"It was," Jadon agreed, unable to help himself. "But I understand that you are a little shaken. Maybe I should have given you a glass of whisky instead of juice." 

Tapiwa shook her head fast. "No. The juice is fine. I don't want to intoxicate my brain." 

A little puzzled, Jadon tilted his head to the side, still studying her. "Why? Are you afraid you might end up confessing you find me sexy and irresistible once your brain is marinated? I mean, I wouldn't hold it against you. They do say that a drunk only tells the truth."

As he'd hoped, Tapiwa threw her head back and laughed. The mood lightened, and it felt as though a cool breeze had just blown through the house, taking away the unbearable hit. However, another kind of heat took its place. 

Jadon watched the change in her features as she relaxed for a few precious seconds. It was so mesmerizing it was Jadon's turn to stare at how beautiful she looked laughing. 

Shifting in his seat, Jadon knew he was in trouble. Still, for the next half hour, Jadon made it his mission to make Tapiwa laugh. And every time she did, he stared, wishing he could keep that look on her face permanently.

By the time they sat cross-legged on the carpet, eating their pizza, the tension was all but gone and Tapiwa looked far more relaxed than Jadon had ever seen her. It was unfortunate that they still had to talk about their problems. A topic he knew would bring back all the tension. 

Hoping to hold off the unwanted topic for a second longer, Jadon abruptly stood up. "Would you like some ice cream for dessert?" he asked, his steps already taking him out of the living room and into the kitchen. He suddenly felt the need to be as far away from her as possible, for both their sakes.

However, barely a handful of seconds later, Jadon heard Tapiwa following him, so he wasn't surprised when her voice came out much closer than he would have liked. "Pizza and ice cream at night? That sounds like a recipe for an unhealthy body." 

Snickering, Jadon reached into the freezer and removed the vanilla and chocolate ice cream he'd bought over a week ago on a whim. "Just think of it as motivation to go to the gym," he teased.

"You are one of those people who exercises so that you can eat anything you want, aren't you?" 

"It does take away the guilt," Jadon agreed. "But I do love a good workout. What about you? Do you work out? You said you swam?" he asked as he located his bowls so he could serve them both a portion of ice cream. 

Of course, the bowls weren't where he had usually kept them due to Tapiwa's organizational assistance, but he managed to keep his frustration to himself. He didn't even snort when he found them in the cabinet under the island. Nope. He wasn't going to start another argument with her. 

"Yeah," Tapiwa said in response to his question. She sounded so distracted, not what Jadon had been expecting. It was such a sudden change, it caught Jadon's attention. He stopped fussing with the ice cream and stared at the woman. 

"Hey, what just happened? Where did you go?" he asked, concern etched on his voice.    

"What?" Tapiwa's gaze snapped to him. "Oh. Nowhere. I was just" She sighed and waved a frustrated hand in the air. "That man. Could he be the one who took the pictures at the party?"

Well, there went dessert, Jadon thought as he stared down at the full creamy vanilla chocolate in the container, trying to find the best way to answer Tapiwa's question without freaking her out more than she already was. There was also a part to the whole mess he doubted she had seriously considered, and he knew he had to highlight it.

"I think Someone drugged us and put us in that room, set up the camera, and let everything play out. But" He braced his palms down on the island on either side of the ice cream container. 

"I also think their plan wouldn't have worked if we weren't somehow already attracted to each other."

Tapiwa froze. Her mouth opened and closed like a fish out of water for a handful of seconds before she finally blurted out, "But we didn't even know each other."

Jadon nodded. "True, but it must have been an attraction at first sight. It's either that, or you are going to believe that any man put in the room with you would have ended up where I did. Do you think that's likely? Would you have slept with just anyone?" 

A deep frown furrowed Tapiwa's brows. "I would like to think not," she admitted quietly.

Nodding, Jadon retrieved two spoons from the drawer and moved closer to Tapiwa, leaving the bowls behind. He stuck both spoons in the tub of ice cream and then scooped out a spoonful and stuck it into his mouth. Tapiwa didn't make a move to grab the second spoon. She still seemed lost in what Jadon had told her.

By the time his mouth was free again, she still hadn't made a move to join him. Jadon thought to ask if it was the flavor she didn't like, but from the look on her face, he could tell she just wasn't ready to let go of her train of thoughts to enjoy a little creamy goodness.  

Thinking she needed more time, Jadon brought another scoop to his mouth. He was right. After a short beat, she looked at him, her eyes full of confusion. "What is it?" he asked around a mouthful, making his words sound funny.

For a second, Tapiwa's lips twitched in a smile, but then it was gone. She held his gaze. "I'm just wondering why the man would still be following us when the pictures were already published. What does he want now?" 

"That's a good question," Jadon said with a nod. "Unfortunately, it's one I don't know the answer to, but it's one I intend to find out."

"Let me know when you do," Tapiwa said before she leaned forward and picked up the extra spoon. Then, instead of shoving the ice cream into her mouth like he had, she stuck her tongue out and licked at the ice cream on the spoon.

Jadon when rigid in a heartbeat. He watched, practically mesmerized, as she repeated the action, completely unaware of the effect she was having on him. His own spoon was empty and halfway back to the tub of ice cream, but he couldn't bring himself to complete the act. 

A few seconds later, when Tapiwa finally stuck the spoon in her mouth and slowly withdrew it, Jadon couldn't take any more. He shoved away from the island so abruptly that Tapiwa's eyes came up to his face with alarm. 

Jadon only managed a jerky, "I'm fine. I just need to get to bed." Then he spun on his heels and left the kitchen like a bat out of hell.
###chapter 55
The following morning, Tapiwa hesitated in the kitchen doorway. Earlier, the sounds of footsteps outside her bedroom door and dishes clacking together in the kitchen had woken her from her restless sleep. 

At first, Tapiwa had thought Jadon was rearranging the dishes in the kitchen. She thought it was entirely possible because after he abruptly left her in the kitchen last night with the ice cream; she had found the books he had started returning to the shelves in an order that only he understood. 

Feeling a little frustrated with the man, she'd almost continued to put the books in the order she believed they should be. But after a moment, she decided not to be a bitch and left the books stacked on the floor. She planned to ask Jadon what order he wanted them in before she put them back because she couldn't remember the order they had been in before she brought them down. 

Tapiwa felt even a little guilty for messing with Jadon's house and the way he liked his things. She'd planned to apologize this morning. However, when she thought she heard him rearranging the dishes in the kitchen, her need to apologize and play nice had flown out the window and she rushed to the kitchen to tell the man how ridiculous he was being.

Except, she found that Jadon wasn't rearranging the dishes she had pain strikingly tried to put in a way that made sense. No. Instead, she realized that the man, only wearing a pair of low-hanging sweatpants, stood at the stove seemingly cooking breakfast if the smell of eggs and pancakes was anything to go by.

The sight had Tapiwa double blinking. Not because she'd thought the man couldn't cook. The used pots and pans in his messy cabinets had dispelled that assumption pretty quickly. It was the view of his naked, toned back muscles shifting as he moved around the stove. 

Jadon hadn't yet realized she was there, so it gave her the perfect amount of time to just watch him. Tapiwa wasn't ashamed to admit it, at least to herself, that she had gone back online and looked at the pictures of the two of them. She had just needed to see them again to remind herself of the mess she was in. The effect hadn't been so black and white.

In as much as Tapiwa was ashamed of how her family and the rest of the world now saw her, she couldn't help being glad that Jadon was the other person in those pictures with her. Nicole had been right. Tapiwa had lost her virginity, but at least she had done it with a man who made most women drool.   

That made Tapiwa believe Jadon had to be right about their attraction being instant. Even though she still couldn't remember the night at the party, Tapiwa had to agree that she must have been attracted to him to end up in bed with him. She had certainly been attracted enough to sneak out of her father's house and fuck him in the back of his car, so that said a lot.

Just thinking of that night and the moments before her father had caught them, Tapiwa wondered why she had insisted on rules. What had she been smoking? 

Fortunately for her, Jadon chose that moment to turn from the stove and notice her hovering at the threshold. It effectively snapped Tapiwa out of her thoughts as he seemed to be frozen in place and just stared at her.

She wasn't sure what he was seeing, but she now had a view of his chest and it was distracting. Then she remembered that the man was cooking and by the sounds and smell building in the air, Tapiwa guessed the food was about to turn to black ash if Jadon didn't get back to it fast.

"Uhm, Jadon. The eggs" 

"Shit!" Jadon immediately turned back to the stove and quickly pulled the pan off the hot plate. He then went on to curse under his breath as he inspected the damage. 

Tapiwa pressed her lips together to stop herself from chuckling. After a moment, when he'd stopped fussing and just decided to dump everything in the trash before throwing the pan in the sink, Tapiwa let out a choked snicker that caught his attention. 

His eyes narrowed on her. "Are you judging me?" he asked in a tone that told Tapiwa he wasn't really mad but rather just irritated. 

So Tapiwa shrugged. "You could have been a little gentler with the pan. It's not its fault the eggs burned after all."  

Jadon huffed and then reached out for another pan in the cabinet. "Don't worry. It has no feelings. I, on the other hand, do and I'm upset it ruined my apology breakfast." 

Tapiwa was on the verge of laughter, but then Jadon's words sunk into her brain. "Apology breakfast?"

He was no longer looking at her. Jadon busied himself chopping up more spring onions that were apparently going in the eggs he was frying. But at least he answered her question. "Yes. I figured I owed you an apology and wanted to make you breakfast. It's no big deal." 

Except Tapiwa thought it was a big deal. "You shouldn't have," she whispered even as her stomach did flips and the lock on the cage of butterflies broke.   

Jadon shrugged, turning his back on her so he was back at the stove preparing the pan. "Like I said, it's no big deal. I just thought we could perhaps start on a fresh page after everything." 

A long beat passed. Jadon didn't say anything more, and Tapiwa wasn't sure how to respond. In the end, only two words were appropriate: "Thank you."

Several minutes later, Tapiwa sat at the kitchen island, silently watching Jadon prepare her breakfast. He insisted it was no big deal, but Tapiwa saw how much effort he put into what he was doing. 

Tapiwa was so distracted it took her a moment to realize the phone in her hand had vibrated. Looking down at the screen when she finally managed to snap her eyes away from the half-dressed man, she saw that she had three messages from Nicole, all sent in quick succession of each other. Frowning and curious, Tapiwa unlocked her phone.

Nicole: Hey. Are you mad at me? You know I couldn't do anything about my parents, right? Please don't be mad.

Nicole: Okay, Kaelo told me you made it safely to Jadon's house and that you're staying with him. That's good, right? I hope it's not awkward after everything that happened. 

Nicole: Tapi, you need to respond. I'm here feeling really guilty. I need to know you are okay.

Tapiwa silently chuckled at the last message and shook her head before she typed back her response. 

Tapiwa: If you stop texting one message after the other, then maybe I will get the chance to respond.

The response was almost instantaneous, as though Nicole had been waiting with her phone in her hand for Tapiwa to text back.

Nicole: You are still talking to me?

Tapiwa: Why wouldn't I be? What happened wasn't your fault.

Nicole: I feel like it was. I should have stood up to my parents and stopped you from leaving.

Tapiwa sighed. The last thing she'd wanted was to put her friend in a difficult situation. 

Tapiwa: You know I would never make you choose. You didn't need to be dragged into my mess. 

Nicole: I don't mind your mess. That's what friends are for. But really, tell me. How is life with the handsome hunk of a man?

Tapiwa's eyes shifted from her phone to look at the hunk in question and nearly choked at the sight. Jadon was done cooking and had plated the food in front of him. He was now in the process of squeezing fresh oranges. Tapiwa watched his muscles bulge and flex with every movement. Damn. 

Her phone vibrating again had her looking down only to see another message from Nicole. Tapiwa hadn't realized she had taken too long to respond, but apparently she had. 

Nicole: That good, huh? 

Crossing her legs to suppress some of the sensations zapping through her body and confusing her mind further, Tapiwa darted a glance at Jadon again before typing out her answer. 

Tapiwa: I think I messed up.
###chapter 56
Breakfast was a quiet affair. They sat in silence eating the eggs and pancakes Jadon had managed not to turn into black coal. 

Tapiwa had to admit she liked it. Something about sitting across from Jadon, not meeting his gaze or speaking but just knowing he was there gave her some form of comfort she had never thought was possible. 

The butterflies still flattered around in her stomach at the thought that he'd gone to all the trouble to make her breakfast. She was so taken by his gesture that she hadn't even felt a hint of guilt for abruptly ending her conversation with Nicole so she could focus solely on Jadon and the meal he had made for her. 

Another reason might have been the fact that she hadn't wanted to continue the conversation they had been having. Admitting she had made a mistake making the rule wasn't something she wanted to admit out loud. Because that would have meant finally admitting that she wanted to climb Jadon like a jungle gym and do very naughty things. Things that couldn't be done with them seated across from each other and with her damn rule still hovering like a dark cloud over them.

But she'd made the rule, and she saw how hard Jadon intended to stick to it. She suspected it was the reason he had left her alone so abruptly last night. Somehow, his actions and self-control made her want him more.

Still lost in her swirling thoughts, she forked more eggs and brought them to her mouth. Just as she slowly closed her lips around the fork's tines, two things happened. One: she realized Jadon's fork was frozen in midair and his eyes were fixed on her lips. That immediately sent fire through her veins.

But then, the second thing was the sudden knock at the door that made both of them jump as though they had been doing something far more involving than eating eggs and staring longingly at lips.

"Fuck!" Jadon cursed under his breath even as he dropped his fork and stood up so fast that the stool almost toppled over in his haste. "I should probably invest in a vicious dog and train it to stand right in front of my door. I bet that would discourage so many people from visiting so unexpectedly," he grumbled as he walked out of the kitchen.

Tapiwa was still laughing when she heard Jadon open the front door and greet whoever was on the other side with an exasperated, 'What?'. Somehow, that sobered Tapiwa in a heartbeat. She quickly remembered what had happened the last time someone was at Jadon's front door and feared the worst. 

Her fingers tightened around the fork in her hand. She listened, barely holding on to her now building anxiety. Staying as quiet as she could, Tapiwa didn't hear raised voices or a physical fight. Instead, the sound of several approaching footsteps reached her ears, and she stiffened, not sure what to expect. 

Thankfully, she didn't have to wait long to find out what was happening. A minute later, Jadon walked back into the kitchen, looking just as irritated as he had been when he went to answer the door. Except he wasn't alone. Two men walked in after Jadon. 

Tapiwa immediately recognized Kaelo, but she had no idea who the second man was. She guessed he had to be a friend of Jadon, too because the man didn't hesitate to pull out a stool and sit down. 

Then, with a wide grin on his face, the handsome man held out his hand to Tapiwa. "Hi, you must be Tapiwa. I have heard a lot about you. My name is Ezra."

"Ezra, for goodness's sake, at least wash your hands first," Kaelo cut in. 

Oh! Tapiwa's eyes snapped toward Kaelo, narrowed in disapproval at what she thought was a rude comment. But then she realized he was teasing his friend when she caught him winking at her. 

She was so shocked by the unexpected act that she forgot Ezra's outstretched hand and stared between the two men before her eyes settled on Jadon, who stood to the side, watching with his arms crossed over his chest.

"UhmI" Tapiwa closed her mouth, not sure what to say. 

With all the men seemingly waiting for Tapiwa to say something, an awkward silence fell. However, it only lasted for a handful of seconds before Ezra was talking again. He looked between Tapiwa and Jadon. "Wait, did we interrupt something? You both look tense." 

"No," Jadon answered quickly. Too quickly. It had both his friends arching their brows in question. That got Jadon moving. Looking suddenly as though he would rather run a marathon barefoot in the desert than face whatever his friends were thinking, Jadon walked to the island and picked up his mug of coffee. 

"Come on," he urged his friends when he had refilled it from the pot. "Let's go into the dining room. You said you were here to discuss the business."  

Kaelo's eyes narrowed, but there was humor behind them. "What? We don't even get some coffee?" 

"I I can get everyone coffee," Tapiwa helpfully offered, already standing from her seat ready to do just that. But Jadon's voice stopped her.

"No. They can get their own coffee. You You can enjoy the rest of your breakfast and then I don't know. Watch TV or something."

Tapiwa didn't know why, but she felt dismissed like an unwanted child. Her spine stiffened. She looked at the other two men watching her, as though waiting for a reaction. She wasn't going to give them one. Squaring her shoulders, she gave Jadon a tight smile. "Actually, that's fine. I'm just going to get ready. I'll be stepping out."

To say that her answer didn't please the man would have been an understatement. Brows furrowed, Jadon walked back to the island and set his mug down. Ignoring his friend's curious gazes, he asked, "Where are you going?"

Tapiwa blinked, her hackles immediately rising. "Excuse me? Do I need to give you an account of my whereabouts?" she asked angrily. 

Jadon's jaw worked. "Have you forgotten that we still have a small matter of your stalker?" 

The reminder of the man she had seen last night made Tapiwa shudder, and the fight and rage left her in a single exhale. "Uhm no. I I was just going to go out and look for a job." 

"That can wait." 

Tapiwa shook her head. "No, it can't. Jadon, I refuse to be a dependent indefinitely. I can't live under your roof forever. I need to find my feet. The sooner the better." 

Whatever Jadon was about to say in response to her statement was cut off by Kaelo, but from the look in Jadon's eyes, he wasn't happy. 

"She'll be fine, Jadon. Looking for work is a good idea. Staying cooped up in the house all day can't be healthy for anyone."

Tapiwa nodded her thanks to Kaelo and decided to make an exit before Jadon voiced his opinion again. But before she was out of earshot, Tapiwa heard Ezra ask Jadon a question that made her slow her steps.

"Why are you so agitated, man? Are you finally admitting you have feelings for her?"

"I don't have feelings for her," Jadon stated flatly.

Tapiwa's heart sank. Her stomach twisted and the breakfast she had enjoyed just moments before now felt like lumps of coal. No, she reminded herself that it didn't matter and what was important was finding a job.

With that, Tapiwa went to her room to get ready for her job hunt. 

Several hours later, Tapiwa realized her day wasn't going to get any better. Feeling low after so many rejections and even two potential employers, unfortunately, recognizing her as the woman in the trending pictures on social media, Tapiwa was ready to call it a day and just get back to Jadon's house, curl into a fetal position and wish the day would just end.

Dejected, she made her way from the center of town, which housed over eighty percent of the city's businesses, to the main bus station. She was almost halfway there when she caught sight of a small ice cream shop. Memories of the night before came rushing back into her mind. She shook them off, but she still went in, figuring she needed a little pick-me-up.

Moments later, she was seated at one of the small tables, a spoonful of lemon ice cream in her mouth. It tasted heavenly, lemon being one of her favorite flavors, but for some reason, she wished she had picked the vanilla and chocolate flavor like the one she'd shared with Jadon last night. Or better yet, she wished she could buy more of the lemon and take home for Jadon to taste. She wanted to know if he'd like it.

But then she remembered his words that morning. Jadon wouldn't be interested in tasting her favorite ice cream. He probably just wanted her gone out of his house, she thought. However, that didn't explain the breakfast he'd made for her. None of it made sense.

However, before Tapiwa could ponder on the matter further, a shadow fell over her. Not having noticed someone had approached her table, she immediately jerked back and then nearly fell out of her seat when she looked up and saw exactly who it was who had followed her into the ice cream shop.
###chapter 57
Watching Asher lower himself in the seat opposite hers was like watching a poisonous snake get comfortable right in front of her. Tapiwa stiffened. 

Pushing the ice cream away from her, she darted a glance around, wondering if the tension she was sure was hanging over her head like a dark cloud had attracted the attention of the few other people in the small establishment. Unfortunately, it hadn't. Everyone remained oblivious to the fact that Tapiwa was facing a nightmare.

"Aren't you going to eat your ice cream?" 

The question and casual tone in which it was asked startled Tapiwa. Considering how pissed off he had been the last time she saw him when he discovered she was now living under Jadon's roof, she'd expected much of the same reaction. But the man was unnervingly calm. 

Tapiwa stared down at her ice cream regretfully, knowing she wouldn't be finishing it. Pushing the cup away, she picked up her bag, ready to make her escape. Whatever game Asher was playing; she didn't want to be a part of it. 

But before she could stand up from her seat, Asher leaned across the table and snagged her wrist. "Not so fast, baby," he hissed. 

Somehow, the sudden show of aggression calmed Tapiwa. This was what she had been expecting. Still, her jaw tightened as she hissed back, "Let go or I'll scream."

Asher blinked, as though surprised by her threat. Thankfully, he released her, but he wasn't done with her. "Job hunting?" he asked in a taunting voice, a sneer plastered on his face. "My pathetic brother can't even afford to provide for you for a week. You already have to roam the streets for employment."

Tapiwa ground her teeth together, refusing to rise to the bait and be dragged into a shouting match in such a public, small place. She tried to pull out of Asher's hold, but he tightened his grip until it was painful and Tapiwa knew she would bruise. Still, she fought to get free.

"I want you back." 

The words startled Tapiwa long enough to stop her struggles. Her eyes snapped up to meet Asher's gaze in shock. "What?"

Like a switch suddenly flipped, Asher's entire demeanor changed. His hold relaxed a little as he began to rub his thumb over her soon-to-be bruised skin in soothing circles. The taunting in his voice was gone, replaced by seriousness and a hint of desperation.

"You were supposed to be with me," he said, his brows furrowed deep in a frown as he looked at his fingers around her wrist instead of her face. "Jadon has always been jealous and I know he seduced you and tried to take you away from me just to hurt me. I won't let him win. I want you back." He looked up then and added with earnest. "We can still make a great thing out of this. Just give us a shot."

Tapiwa shook her head, not sure if she should ask Asher if he'd lost his mind or was just delusional. "No," she managed to croak out at the same time she finally pulled free from his hold. "No," she said more firmly.

A dangerous, crazed look flashed in Asher's eyes. "Your life will only get harder if you continue to be with Jadon. I can promise you that, Tapiwa."

Tapiwa didn't wait to see or clarify what Asher meant by that. She abruptly turned before he had a chance to grab her again and practically ran out of the ice cream shop.

An hour later, covered in sweat and breathing as though she had just run a marathon instead of the half-mile between the bus stop and Jadon's house, Tapiwa tumbled through the front door and moved to immediately shut and lock it. Her entire body trembled, whether, from anxiety, exhaustion, or just adrenaline, she wasn't sure.

Before she could catch her breath and wonder if she'd seen Jadon's car or his friends out in the driveway, she found herself staring at the answer to the question she never asked as Jadon came rushing down the hallway toward her, concern etched on his face. 

"Tapiwa?" He looked over her shoulder at the locked door and then back at her. "What happened?"

Tapiwa tried to speak but what came out was a cough. Her lungs burned, and she just needed a moment to catch her breath. Somehow understanding this, Jadon quickly wrapped his arm around her shoulder and guided her into the kitchen where he helped her onto a stool and brought her a bottle of water and a towel from the laundry room to mop up some of the sweat she had rolling down her neck and face. 

After a few minutes, when she looked calmer and had stopped shaking, Jadon finally sat next to her and held her gaze. "Can you now tell me what spooked you? Did you see the man again?" 

The edge in Jadon's voice made Tapiwa feel a little better. She knew he was concerned about her safety and she was sorry she had caused him to worry. Thankfully, she was now able to answer his questions.

So she did. Tapiwa told Jadon about her run-in with Asher and everything the man had said. When she was done, she studied Jadon's tense muscles. He wasn't happy and with good reason, but unfortunately, she wasn't done. "I think Asher might be behind the blackmail and everything," she told him. The idea had been spinning in her head from the time she'd run out of the ice cream shop.

Jadon paused for a second as though contemplating the possibility and then shook his head. "I don't think so. He was ready to kill me when he realized we had slept together. And you just mentioned he thought I seduced you." He shook his head again. "I agree the idea had crossed my mind at some point, but I don't think Asher would have had the guts to do it and put up such an Academy Award performance to throw us off." 

Tapiwa threw her arms in the air in obvious frustration. "Well, regardless of who is behind it, my life is screwed. I can't even get a job as a cleaner with our pictures all over the damn internet."

For a beat, Jadon didn't respond. He scratched at the five o'clock shadow on his jaw. Finally, he said, "Then you will work for me. Well us. Kaelo and Ezra will be part of it." 

Surprised but curious, Tapiwa gave him her full attention. "Work for you how?"

For the next ten minutes, Jadon explained what he and his friends were trying to do. Tapiwa listened with rapt attention. When he was done, her mind was spinning with possibilities. A kennel of hope and excitement began to bloom in her.

"And you have the funds to get this off the ground?" she asked tentatively.

Jadon nodded. "We all do. We have been hoping to do this for some time, so we each saved up some money just in case we ever got around to actually doing it and getting away from our families. I may have lost the CEO position, but I am not hurting financially. At least, not yet."

"That's good to know," Tapiwa responded quietly, a frown forming between her brows because now that she thought about it, in as much as she might have wanted to work with Jadon and his friends, it had sadly come to Tapiwa's realization that she wasn't qualified to do anything else other than stack books in a library.

"What's wrong?" Jadon asked, his hand reaching out to cap her cheek. 

Tapiwa drew a sharp breath but didn't pull away. They stared at each other for a long beat as though both surprised by the move and unwilling to pull away. The sexual tension that had been humming just under the surface seemed to grow hotter. 

"Uhm." Tapiwa searched her mind for what she had been thinking about but drew a blank. All she could do was dart her eyes between Jadon's gaze and his mouth. She wanted to kiss him and the thought slammed into her with the force of a freight train, stealing her breath.

At her gasp, however, Jadon seemed to snap out of whatever trance they had been in. He blinked, dropped his hand, and pulled back as though he had been burned. It was like a bucket of ice-cold rejection. 

Suddenly, Tapiwa didn't want to be in the same room as Jadon anymore. She remembered what he'd told his friends that morning. He didn't have feelings for her. Yeah, Tapiwa thought with a sinking heart, she had to get out of there. "Uhm. I think." She looked away and got off the stool. "I need a shower."

"Of course," Jadon readily agreed, not even looking at her. That just further compounded the hurt in Tapiwa's chest.

Unable to come up with anything more to say that wouldn't make the situation more awkward or give away how much she was affected, Tapiwa left the kitchen.

It was only as Tapiwa stood under the spray of the shower twenty minutes later that it occurred to her that Jadon might just be honoring her wishes again. Tapiwa groaned and leaned her back against the wall. That stupid rule she had stated. Damn it!
###chapter 58
The next morning came too soon for Tapiwa's liking. That probably had something to do with the fact that she had spent most of the night getting tangled in the sheets and had only found rest when the crack of dawn broke through the pitch black of night. 

The urge to stay in bed and hope to catch a few more hours was tempting, but now she was up and although the sky outside the house was as gray and cold as her mood, she couldn't stay in bed. 

Mumbling to herself like a demented old woman, Tapiwa took another shower, which she hoped would energize more of her brain cells. She sadly realized her brain cells remained in hibernation as she dragged herself from the guest room she had been using to the kitchen. 

Naturally, Tapiwa listened carefully for any signs of Jadon. She heard nothing, so she assumed he was either sleeping or out of the house already. After the abrupt way they had separated yesterday, she thought it was probably for the best if they didn't see each other so early. Especially not when her mind was still foggy with lack of sleep. 

However, before she could relax and look forward to a cup of coffee and maybe some scrambled eggs on toast, she stepped into the kitchen and found herself staring at an obviously exhausted Jadon seated on a stool at the island with a bottle of water. 

In a heartbeat, Tapiwa wasn't sure whether to leave or go in. While she hovered at the threshold with indecision, Jadon brought the bottle to his lips and gulped down a third of the bottle as though it were something much more than water.

He was stressed. She could see that, and Tapiwa thought she had a pretty good idea of the reason behind it. She didn't know how to fix it, though. The sexual tension was palpable. They both felt it and yearned for it. Resisting was making sleep impossible and being around each other without dealing with the desire was like torture.

The thought occurred to her that she could simply state she wanted more in the same way she had stated the boundary that was holding him back, but just the thought of opening her mouth and saying the words made her heart almost beat out of her chest. Okay, so that wasn't happening. At least not right now.

So, instead of dwelling on that, Tapiwa went for the tentative normalcy they had established since she had entered his house. "Can I make you some eggs for breakfast?"

"Better make enough for four. Kaelo called me fifteen minutes ago and told me he was bringing Nicole." 

Tapiwa stopped halfway to the fridge and turned to face Jadon with a concerned frown. "Has something happened?" 

Jadon shook his head, a single shoulder lifting in a shrug. "He didn't mention a problem. He just said they had an idea."

Tapiwa wondered what sort of ideas made people visit before eight in the morning but she kept her mouth shut and her thoughts to herself.

For the next few minutes, she busied herself pulling all the ingredients out of the fridge and then set about making breakfast. It all seemed so domestic and normal despite the tension still hanging heavy in the air between them. 

In fact, the air pulsed with it so much so that by the time there was a knock at the door announcing their guests, Tapiwa was ready to run out of the room. She did, but only to answer the door. 

"Hey!" Nicole said, full of cheer, when Tapiwa opened the door and let them in. She was immediately all over Tapiwa with a tight hug.

"Hey yourself." She returned with a chuckle, happy to see her friend. Even though the mischievous glint in her eyes told Tapiwa that she was in for a world of questions after their last conversation.

Completely oblivious to the silent message passing between the two women, Kaelo grinned and held up a brown paper bag toward Tapiwa. "Good morning, Tapi, I brought beignets." 

"Be-what?" Tapiwa asked with a frown even as she took the bag, her curiosity already heightened. 

"Beignets. They are the best thing ever made." 

Doubtful of that over-the-top praise, Tapiwa opened the bag and was immediately assaulted by the wonderful scent of vanilla and sugar. She was a little confused when her eyes landed on the square, fried dough covered in a dusting of sugar. Tapiwa dug in and took one, too curious to wait for the kitchen. 

As soon as she took a bite, Tapiwa knew she would be asking for the bakery's address from Kaelo as soon as she swallowed. God, that tasted so wonderful a moan slipped out of her before she could hold back. 

Kaelo chuckled, clearly pleased with himself. But then he looked over her shoulder and his smile took on a teasing quality. Tapiwa didn't have to turn to know Jadon was there. She went to turn around and see for herself, but Kaelo decided to throw his arm over her shoulder.

The move was so unexpected that Tapiwa froze, giving Kaelo the perfect opportunity to lean in and speak right next to her ear. "You know, you could come and live with me and I would make sure you have beignets every morning." 

"Are you done?" Jadon's voice cut in sharply. 

Laughing, Kaelo released Tapiwa and then wrapped his arm around Nicole instead and guided her toward the kitchen, leaving Tapiwa with Jadon in the hallway.

At that realization, her heart rate picked up, and Tapiwa wasn't sure why. They were living in the house alone and hadn't done anything and they were unlikely to do anything now that their friends were in the house with them.

Still, that didn't stop Tapiwa from shoving the rest of the beignet in her mouth and turning around, desperate to get back to the kitchen. Her plan was however halted when she realized Jadon now stood in front of her.

"Uhm We Uhm. We should get in there and hear this plan," she stuttered.

Jadon nodded, a frown creasing his forehead, but he didn't look in a hurry to move. For a long second, they just stared at each other. And then, as though something had snapped inside him, he groaned and stepped closer. "I can't hold back anymore," he said, his voice low and raspy.

Tapiwa parted her lips to ask what he was talking about; the words didn't leave her mouth. With another groan, Jadon dropped his head and captured Tapiwa's mouth in a heated, desperate kiss.

All manner of thinking left Tapiwa's mind. Suddenly, the only focus she had was Jadon's mouth and how it moved over hers. It was all achingly familiar already, even though they had very few memories of kissing. She didn't want him to stop, even though she was aware that they would both need oxygen soon.

But then the soft thud of something landing at her feet snapped them both from the fog of desire they had almost allowed to consume them. They separated, but only enough to realize she had dropped the brown paper bag of beignets. Thankfully, none had fallen out of the bag.

Embarrassed, Tapiwa didn't move as Jadon lowered his hand and picked up the bag. Once he was upright again, he smiled at her. "Glad I was so good you forgot all about the sugary goodness."

"Oh," Tapiwa's cheeks grew hot. She covered her face with her hands. "Please never say that again," she begged, but she was laughing. It felt good to do it too. The sexual tension was still there, now even heavier than before, but the kiss had held promise they could work things out somehow and so some of the urgency behind the need calmed.

Tapiwa thought it was that newfound calm that allowed her to walk back into the kitchen with Jadon. It was the same calm that stopped her from bursting into flames and just melting to the floor when both Kaelo and Nicole looked between her and Jadon with arched brows, as though expecting something.

Thankfully, Jadon was quick to remind Kaelo he had a plan he wished to discuss, and that plan didn't involve what may or may not be happening between them. With that handled, they all settled down to eat as Kaelo got talking.

"I think whoever has been blackmailing you still has an eye on you and it pisses them off that you two are still together," Kaelo said.

Jadon set his fork down on his plate. He frowned. "We already guessed as much."

"Did you also guess that you could use that to your advantage?"

That had Tapiwa sitting up straight. "What are you talking about?"

Kaelo's fingers tapped on the island top in a fast beat. He shared a look with Nicole and then darted his eyes between Jadon and Tapiwa. "I mean Instead of playing it safe, we provoke the guy." Kaelo shrugged. "Instead of staying in here where it is obviously safe, you go out and get seen in public."

"You mean become bait?" Jadon snarled, not liking the idea.

For the first time since they had sat down to eat, Nicole spoke up with a shake of her head. "Not exactly. We were thinking we all go clubbing. Like a double date. You guys will be seen in public, being at ease and happy. That is bound to push this person's buttons."

"And piss them off more than they have already been," Tapiwa said. "What happens when they do something else?"

Kaelo arched a brow. "What else can they do? They already publicized the pictures."

"I still don't like it," Jadon cut in. "There are still too many unknowns in this matter. We risk making things worse instead of better."

"But this might be the only chance you get to provoke them into making a mistake and exposing themselves. Once we know who they are, we can take care of the problem once and for all, instead of living in a constant state of apprehension, because you don't know when the other shoe will drop."

Tapiwa hated to admit it, but Kaelo had a valid point and when she looked at Jadon, she saw that he too agreed even though he liked it as much as she did. But what other choice did they have if they hoped to get their lives back to normal?
###chapter 59
In the end, they settled for a pool date at a resort instead of a club. Jadon was glad. The plan was risky enough as it was and he hadn't thought the addition of alcohol, dark lights, and loud music would have helped.

He also liked the new idea because it gave him a chance to ogle Tapiwa's body under the sunlight without shame, but he kept that part to himself. 

Trying to keep his mind out of the gutter before things got uncomfortable in his shorts, Jadon looked around the resort. But as lovely as the thatched roofs and stone-walled structures were against the picturesque background of a clear blue sky, it couldn't hold his attention, and he found his gaze drifting back to the large pool and the two women in it. Not that Nicole had caught his attention for more than a few seconds. No. All Jadon could watch was Tapiwa in her white two-piece swimsuit that left little to the imagination.

They hadn't been able to get out of the city because they needed to be close enough for their stalker to follow them and report back to the blackmailer. Also, the need not to waste time had pushed them to make arrangements for that very day as soon as they were done with breakfast.

Which meant that Jadon hadn't had a chance to speak to Tapiwa since the kiss they shared in the hallway. He wasn't happy about that and he could tell Tapiwa was also on edge even though she was making a good effort at pretending she was having fun.

Right then, as though she had somehow felt his eyes on her, Tapiwa turned away from a laughing Nicole and caught his gaze over her shoulder. Electricity seemed to zap through the air from the brief look and travel through his body. Damn. Tapiwa quickly looked away, but Jadon still felt the effect.

"Are you going to lie down on that sunbed all day?" Kaelo suddenly asked beside him. 

Jadon turned his head away from the water and studied his friend, who was also just lying down on an equally relaxing wooden sunbed. He arched a brow. "Do you have a problem with that?" 

Kaelo rolled his head slightly and gave Jadon a pointed look above his mirrored sunglasses. "A problem? No. I am just wondering how you gluing your butt to the sunbed and Tapiwa practically behaving like a fish that can't be out of the water for two minutes helps our plans. The both of you know that you need to actually be together to get a rise out of your stalker, right?"

"Relax. We have only been here an hour. We still have time," Jadon gritted out and couldn't help checking the parameter to see if someone was actually watching. Nothing and no one looked out of place. 

But Kaelo didn't agree. "An hour you have clearly wasted. Look, shooting each other heated looks and adjusting that rod in your shorts every five minutes isn't going to cut it. Do something to get this man's attention," he snapped. And then, to Jadon's surprise, his friend called out to Nicole and, without a blink of hesitation, the female smiled and made her way out of the pool, leaving Tapiwa alone.

For a long minute, Tapiwa looked as shocked as Jadon. Then her eyes met his and Jadon found himself making his way into the water.

As he made his way toward Tapiwa, some part of Jadon had hoped the coolness of the water would kill the huge problem in his shorts. He wasn't so lucky. If anything, by the time he reached her side and placed a hand on the edge of the pool to keep him in place as his legs lazily kicked under the surface, Jadon's cock was hard enough to drill a hole into the side of the pool.

Not wanting to freak Tapiwa out, he tried to keep some distance. Tapiwa gave him a puzzled look, but Jadon was quick to divert her attention away from him. "How are you holding up? I feared you wouldn't want to be anywhere near a body of water after what happened to you last time." 

Tapiwa chuckled softly but there was no humor in it and she quite couldn't cover the slight tremor in her voice. Thankfully, she didn't try to hide her genuine emotions on the matter. "I honestly don't think I would have been able to do it if you guys weren't around."

"We could just lie down on the sunbeds if that would be easier." 

Tapiwa shook her head. "No. I love the water. Besides," she lowered her head but looked at him through her lashes, her lips twitching as though she was trying hard not to laugh. "I think the water will be good for you. You looked uncomfortable out there." 

Jadon's jaw clenched as he cursed under his breath. Was everyone aware of the problem in his shorts? God, he hoped not. But then something else jumped into his mind. If Tapiwa was aware of the predicament he was in, then he had no reason to hold himself at arm's length. Getting closer, he smirked when her breath hitched.

"Okay, you caught me. But I have a feeling the water has been hiding your secrets," he drawled, running his eyes over the parts of her body he could see. "Is that why you haven't left the water? You didn't want me to see you were wet from more than just water?"

Tapiwa licked her lips and looked away for a second, her cheeks getting darker. "I wouldn't be having this problem if you bothered to wear a shirt." 

"So, my chest is distracting you?" he teased.

Eyes narrowed, Tapiwa leaned in and whispered. "How would you like it if I took off my top?" The last word was barely out of her mouth before she pulled back, looked at his face, and chuckled breathlessly. 

For a long beat, Jadon was rendered speechless. He had no idea where the boldness had come from, but he liked it. Maybe a little too much, and he wasn't sure he could listen to her tease him any longer without doing something about it. So he needed to know.

"Tapiwa, just so we are on the same page here What happened to your no-sex rule? Is it just suspended for a dayor?" 

Tapiwa looked away and then down at the water as though she hoped it would just make her disappear. The sudden pullback was enough for Jadon to wish he had kept his mouth shut and just taken what she was offering, but he wasn't going to be that man.

Lucky for him, before the silence reached uncomfortable heights, she cleared her throat and looked at him. "Could you first answer what happened to you telling your friends you have no feelings for me?" she countered.

Jadon hesitated only for a second. "Admitting feelings to your fellow male friends, no matter how close they are, just feels like baring too much weakness for all to see." He shook his head and huffed out a breath. "Look, Tapiwa, I can't say what I feel right now. We still hardly know each other. But what I know is that I want a chance to get to know you without the stress of blackmailers and fathers threatening to disown us in the process."

Clamping his mouth shut, it was Jadon's turn to look away. He had said more than he intended and, as much as he tried; he didn't actually regret it. No. He wanted them to be on the same page. Jadon didn't want to hurt Tapiwa in any way, but he also wanted to make sure he didn't get himself into more than he could handle.

Just as he began to turn his face back around to study the woman who had his thoughts in knots, he heard Kaelo shout something. The anger and urgency in his friend's voice had him instantly on alert and grabbed for Tapiwa to protect her.

But then he realized Kaelo was running, chasing after a man who had just jumped down from a tree on the other side of the resort. Jadon didn't think. He released Tapiwa, jumped out of the pool, and took off after Kaelo. 

Adrenaline pumped through Jadon's body, fueling his steps as he ran, but he could already tell both he and Kaelo had been too far to catch the man. That fact became even more apparent when the man turned a corner at the edge of the lawn and disappeared from sight. 

Jadon and Kaelo continued to run, but by the time they got to the corner the man was long gone and there was no way to know where he had disappeared to. Cursing, Jadon leaned forward and braced his hands on his thighs as he tried to catch his breath.

"Damn it!" Kaelo shouted, equally out of breath and holding his waist as he paced around in circles. "We almost had him!" 

Jadon shook his head. "Only in theory. He was too far ahead for us to catch up with him." 

"Fuck!" Kaelo looked around again, but it was pointless. The man was gone. 

Jadon shared the sentiment, but he also suddenly remembered that they had left the women on their own and he wasn't comfortable with that. So, with one final look around to make sure they had truly lost the stalker, he turned and started making his way back to the pool.

"Jadon, wait!" Kaelo called out.

Stopping, Jadon turned and then his eyes widened when he saw Kaelo hold up a phone he didn't recognize. "Is that?"

Kaelo nodded. "It must be. It was on the ground. He must have dropped it as he ran." 

Jadon walked back toward Kaelo and took the phone. This had to be the break they had been looking for. The mistake that would reveal everything. Excited and apprehensive at the same time, Jadon blew out a deep breath. "Okay. Let's see who he has been talking to."
###chapter 60
Jadon was fuming. Actually, scratch that. He was murderous in his rage, and it was all targeted toward one person as he stormed into the office. He promptly ignored the shouts of Ms. Sitta, insisting she announce him first. 

A small part of his brain felt bad for stressing his former secretary, who he had always respected, but he was too consumed with rage to actually stop and care. 

Through the red haze that was draped over his vision and the blood pounding through his ears in sync with his thundering heartbeat, he barely heard the door bang against the wall or the rattle of glass. Even with his body heated, Jadon hardly felt the cool air pumped through the building's air-con system, or the smell of the clean lavender scent that he knew always hung in the air in his former office. 

Everything, it seemed, took a back seat. What he didn't miss, however, was the startled, wide-eyed look on his father's face right before those same eyes narrowed, and the older man's upper lip curled in anger. 

"Jadon! What is the meaning of this?" he demanded in a tone that would have made a drill sergeant tremble. Jadon just snarled back and slammed the door shut with extra force. He was almost surprised nothing broke off, but pushed the thought to the back of his mind along with all other irrelevant issues. He had other matters to concern himself with, and the durability of the office door wasn't one of them.

Lewis Paterson flinched at the sound of the door banging shut. Enraged, he went to stand, but Jadon wasn't going to allow that. "Sit down!" he bellowed as he approached the desk with as much fierceness as any predator, not caring in the least that he was addressing his father. Something Lewis didn't take kindly to.

"I beg your pardon!" Lewis shouted as he stood up. "Have you lost your damn mind?"

"No! But clearly, you have." 

"Watch your tone, Jadon! Now. Before I do something that we will both regret Get out and don't come back until you remember your manners."

Jadon snorted. Far from intimidated by his father's aggression. Not willing to waste any time, he reached into the back pocket of his jeans and retrieved the printed papers he had felt burning a hole in his pants for the past hour and threw them on the desk in front of his father. Just looking at them made bile rise in the back of his throat and he fought the urge to jump over the large desk and punch the older man. How could he have done this? Jadon still couldn't wrap his head around it.

"What's this?" Lewis demanded, not bothering to pick up the papers.

"That," Jadon gritted out. "Is the evidence that you paid the man that has been stalking me and Tapiwa. The same man that tried to drown her to send a message on behalf of the blackmailer. And if I was a betting man, I would bet that this is the same man who drugged us at that party and took the pictures now plastered all over social media." 

As he spoke, Jadon didn't take his eyes off his father, determined to catch every expression to confirm the guilt. Not that he needed Lewis to confirm it. The evidence was there in black and white and couldn't be denied. 

They had been right about the phone Kaelo had picked up at the resort. It belonged to the man they'd chased, and it held the evidence to finally bring the entire nightmare to bed. But what Jadon hadn't expected was for the evidence to lead back to his own father.

A cocktail of anger, betrayal, and disappointment churned in his stomach even as he watched Lewis finally pick up the papers and read them. After several seconds, the man's face still gave away nothing except confusion and irritation, but Jadon wasn't buying it. Either his father was a very good actor or the older man simply didn't give a damn that Jadon now knew he had been behind the blackmail and everything else. 

Either way, Jadon realized he was about to find out as his father lowered the papers and glared at him. 

"What the hell are you playing at, Jadon? Is that your way of trying to get out of the mess you did? By falsifying information and accusing me of such a heinous crime?"

Jadon blinked. "Accusing you? Father, the evidence is right there in your hands. I don't need to accuse you when they speak for themselves." 

"Just because you type my account number and name on some papers stating I paid a man doesn't make it evidence." Lewis snapped and threw the papers back on the desk. He pointed a finger at his son. "I will have you sued for every penny you have if you dare to drag my reputation through the mud with your lies. You have already caused the company enough damage. I will not let you destroy me!"

For a second, Jadon didn't know what to think. He hadn't expected his father to easily confess to what he'd done, but Jadon had at least thought something would give the man away. He wasn't seeing it.

Growing more frustrated by the second, he decided to change tactics. Jadon folded his arms across his chest and regarded the older man he had fought so hard to win approval from for years. "Fine. Let's say for a brief second that I believe you. Would you then mind explaining why those records exist? Because those papers are not fake or fabricated. We got those off the phone of the man who has been watching my house and following both me and Tapiwa around for days."

"I can't explain what I don't know. I would need to have my accountant look into it. Maybe my account was hacked."

"That excuse would just be very convenient, wouldn't it?" Jadon deadpanned.

Lewis's jaw clenched. He balled his hands into fists, planted them on the surface of the desk, and leaned forward. "If what you say is true, and this is the man who took those disgusting pictures and publicized them, why the hell would I be in bed with him? Why would I sabotage my own company? We have already lost three big contracts since this whole mess went public. Would I purposely do that to my own company!"

Unfazed, Jadon mirrored his father and snarled. "Well, somebody set me and Tapiwa up, and that somebody is being paid by your personal account according to those papers. I suggest you find out who is framing you or stealing from you, otherwise, you might go down for it."

The glare Jadon got from his father would have made him shake a week ago, not today. Today, he was too pissed to care about his father's temper. All Jadon wanted was answers and a way to end the mess that had consumed his and Tapiwa's lives.

"I said I would have my accountant look into it," Lewis sneered.

Jadon nodded, straightening. "Fine. But don't take too long to do it. Tapiwa and I are tired of living in a constant state of fear."

Lewis's eyes narrowed, clearly not liking the fact that his son was telling him what to do. "Don't blame me for the state of your life. You would have avoided all this if you just stayed away from that girl. But no you just had to think with your dick." 

"What part of 'set-up' are you not getting?" Jadon snapped.

Lewis huffed, pulling himself away from the desk and adjusting the cuffs of his shirt. "Is it a set-up that you are now living under the same roof?" 

Jadon wasn't surprised his father knew about that. "She needed somewhere to stay."

"Of course," Lewis deadpanned. He then stopped fussing with his cuffs and gave his son a hard stare. "You are not doing each other any favors with your current arrangement, though. Use your head, Jadon, and try to save what little reputation you have left. Either distance yourself from the girl or marry her, for goodness's sake."
###chapter 61
Tapiwa's short nails drummed a restless beat against the large ceramic coffee cup in front of her. It was a beautiful cup with a picture of a puppy on the front to put a smile on the customer's face. It was completely wasted on her.

After a beat, she lifted the cup to her lips and sipped. A frown immediately formed between her brows and she quickly returned the still half-full cup back to the table. Her coffee was now lukewarm, but she wasn't surprised. Tapiwa felt as though she had been waiting for hours already, but was certain it had only been minutes.

Shifting in her seat, she let her gaze sweep over the bustling coffee shop for signs of her mother, even though she knew the woman would have found her if she had already arrived. The coffee shop wasn't so big that it would have been possible to miss her among the other patrons enjoying the hot brews and pastries.

Tapiwa's stomach growled at the delicious smell of the pastries, but she didn't dare get anything for herself. Her stomach was in too many knots to take anything. 

In truth, she was still surprised she had gotten a call from Miranda. Tapiwa had thought, after Amy told her of their father's plans to disown her, that her mother would cut all ties with her as well. After all, the woman never liked to upset her husband.

Maybe this was a mistake, Tapiwa thought, glancing at the time on her phone for what must have been the tenth time in the space of five minutes. But who could blame her? Her mother was already twenty minutes late and there were no new text messages or calls to explain the delay. 

Arg! Tapiwa ran her fingers through her hair. She would have much preferred to stay home and wait for Jadon to return from his father's office. Tapiwa doubted that the confrontation was going to be pleasant. 

She still couldn't believe that Lewis Paterson could be behind everything that had happened to them. But that was what the stalker's phone said. But why? What did the man hope to gain from destroying his own son? Part of Tapiwa hoped there was a mistake somewhere. She would even stretch for an explanation, while the other part of her just wanted to bring this entire matter to a close.

A minute later, still wondering how Jadon was dealing with his father, Tapiwa picked up her phone to shoot him a message. If he answered and told her he was on his way back to the house, then Tapiwa would leave without hesitation. It wasn't her fault her mother was late. 

Unfortunately for Tapiwa, her mother picked that very moment to arrive. Oh, come on, she screamed internally.

"Sorry I'm late," Miranda said a little breathlessly as she settled into the seat opposite Tapiwa. Despite her breathing, the woman looked well put together from her hair to the simple, yet elegant navy blue dress she had on.

With her plan to leave now crushed, Tapiwa set her phone back down on the table and wrapped her hands around her coffee cup even though she had no intention of drinking it. She just needed to hold something. The urge to stand and hug her mother was strong, but she didn't know why her mother had called and asked to meet so urgently, so she decided to wait and hear what this was about before she offered any physical affection.

"That's fine," Tapiwa answered easily. "I didn't mind waiting. Although I feared maybe you weren't coming after all."

Miranda's brows drew together in a frown. She then snapped her gaze away from Tapiwa and looked toward the counter as though she was contemplating grabbing a drink for herself, but then she shook her head, dismissing the thought, and focused back on her daughter. "I'm here because your father wanted me to talk to you." 

A single sentence was all it took. Trepidation started at the base of her spine and slowly crept up her back like cold icy fingers. Tapiwa pushed the cold coffee away. She leaned back in her seat and folded her arms over her chest. "Okay? What does Dad want you to talk to me about?" she asked tentatively.

Miranda's gaze didn't waver. "He's found you a husband." 

For a moment, Tapiwa felt as though her world had just been turned upside down. She blinked several times as though that would right things up again. "A husband?" she croaked and had to clear her throat before she asked, "Why would dad find me a husband?"

Miranda dared look confused, as though Tapiwa was the one not making sense. "Why do you think? You have disgraced the family. Your father is only trying to save you from further shame." 

"By marrying me off to someone I don't even know?" Tapiwa asked, incredulity too mere to express what she felt. She shook her head and then rubbed her fingers against her temple, already feeling a headache coming on full force.

"Mr. Beyn is a nice and respectable man."

Tapiwa's mouth fell open. Surely not? She studied her mother's face for a beat before she dared to ask. "You don't mean Mr. Beyn from church, do you?"

Suddenly, Miranda Mvula couldn't hold her daughter's gaze. Her eyes darted around the coffee shop as though suddenly concerned someone was listening in on their conversation. Her hands came up, grabbed one of the paper napkins, and began to smooth it on the table as though it were the most important task.  

"Mom?" Tapiwa pressed, her throat constricted with emotions, but she already knew the answer. 

"Your father believes it's for the best."

Tapiwa couldn't believe this. "The man is old enough to be my father!" she shouted, not caring about the attention they were now getting from the other patrons in the little shop. By the silence that fell, Tapiwa assumed they now had everyone's full attention, something her mother clearly didn't appreciate if Tapiwa took in the disapproving glare. Well, too bad. Tapiwa didn't appreciate her father setting her up with an old widower with three kids almost her age. What the hell!

"Keep your voice down and listen," Miranda finally hissed. 

Tapiwa didn't want to. There was nothing that could be said that would make this proposition even marginally okay. Nothing. Still, she leaned back, folded her arms over her chest, and waited.

Miranda swept a glance around the coffee shop, but no one was looking their way. They were all pretending to be interested in their cups. She hesitated for a second, but short of leaving the shop, there was nothing else she could do.

Still, Miranda lowered her voice in the hope of getting some privacy, but her words were still harsh. "You disgraced your father and I, Tapiwa. What you did was beyond shameful and you should be grateful your father is still trying to help you and give you a chance to be a part of this family again. Accept the marriage, for all our sakes. And I hope to God you are not pregnant. I hope you were at least that careful."

At that very moment, the thought of being pregnant didn't scare Tapiwa as much as it had before. She almost wished for it. It would have saved her a lot of trouble and the idea of having Jadon's child actually filled her with warmth and not dread.

"What are you doing?" Miranda snapped.

Tapiwa's eyes snapped up. She hadn't even realized that she had dropped her gaze to her hands now splayed on her flat stomach. The look of horror on her mother's face told her the woman had seen it too.

"Don't tell me you are pregnant." 

Tapiwa thought about it for a second. She mentally shook her head. There was no reason to confirm or deny it. Neither answer changed what she had to do. After a beat, Tapiwa stood up and stared down at the perplexed expression on her mother's face. 

Bracing herself, Tapiwa made sure her voice was firm. "I will not marry Mr. Beyn or any other man father picks for me. No one is going to force me into an arranged marriage. It's my life. I make the decision." 

As Tapiwa walked out of the coffee shop, she couldn't help remembering the lyrics of Bon Jovi's song, It's My Life. A small smile tugged at her lips despite the churn in her gut and the ache in her chest. It was very fitting for the situation.
###chapter 62
All the confidence Tapiwa had walked out with from the coffee shop had vanished by the time she got back to Jadon's house. Her nerves had her in a stranglehold, barely allowing her a full breath.

Tapiwa paced. She twisted her fingers together until they hurt, but barely registered the pain past her swirling thoughts. An arranged marriage? Seriously? Tapiwa shook her head. She knew she shouldn't be so surprised her parents had come up with that, but it still shocked and hurt her.

It also humiliated her that her father would think she was only good enough for an old widower. Tapiwa cursed under her breath, turned, and headed for the kitchen. She needed something to calm her nerves and remembered Jadon had alcohol there. 

She didn't want to drink. Not really. Not now when she needed her head clear and alert with everything happening. But it was either she had a drink or she began to cry and the latter just left a bad taste in her mouth. She didn't want Jadon to come home to a breakdown after his confrontation with his father.

Just then, the thought of the confrontation and of the possible outcome only hiked up Tapiwa's anxiety, and her destination changed. Tapiwa was back in the living room, searching for her phone. She needed to call Jadon and find out what was going on before she lost her mind. 

But just as Tapiwa picked up the gadget, she heard the front door open. Her heart beating at the back of her throat, Tapiwa rushed out of the living room into the hallway, her phone forgotten. The moment she spotted Jadon, something in her chest settled. 

A large part of her had been worried. Confronting the blackmailer, whether it was his father or another person, was a dangerous thing to do, especially when the person had shown little boundaries about how far they were willing to go to accomplish their plans.

Jadon stopped just inside the doorway and studied her. He didn't appear any less pissed than when he had left for his father's office, and Tapiwa imagined that meant things hadn't gone well. But before she could ask, Jadon seemed to notice her own distress.

Furrow deepening, he shut and locked the door and then made his way toward her. "What happened?" he asked when he'd reached her and grabbed her shoulders as though he thought she might turn and leave and wanted to ensure that didn't happen. 

Tapiwa's heart warmed at his obvious concern, but she shook her head. "You first. How did it go?"

Huffing, Jadon turned her around and headed them for the kitchen as he spoke. "As well as we anticipated it would go. He denied everything and still tried to make me feel stupid for my life's decisions." 

"Your father denied paying the stalker? But his name and account were in the man's phone." 

"I told him. He still denied paying or even being involved," Jadon told her. He then went ahead and gave her a summarized version of what his father had said while he found his liquor supply and poured them both a glass on the kitchen island.

Tapiwa held the glass between her hands and stared down into the amber liquid but made no move to bring it to her lips. Jadon, of course, noticed. He set down his own glass after swallowing half the contents in one burning gulp. Hands both braced on the island, he leaned forward to catch her gaze. "Are you now going to tell me why you are so agitated?" he asked patiently.

A beat passed before Tapiwa looked up. "I had coffee with my mom today."

"I see. It didn't go well?"

A scoff escaped Tapiwa. "Understatement. My father found me a husband," she blurted out before she finally swallowed half the liquid in her glass and promptly started coughing.

Jadon was at her side in a heartbeat. He patted her back firmly with one hand and took the glass away from her with the other. When she was finally done trying to expel one of her lungs, he spoke, his jaw clenched tight.

"Who is the man?" 

"It doesn't matter," Tapiwa answered, her free hands curling into fists on the island.

Jadon seemed to think about it for a second, the frown on his forehead severe. "No. I suppose it doesn't because you won't be marrying anyone."

"What?"

"You heard me." Jadon suddenly held both her shoulders firmly. "I wouldn't allow you to marry anyone."

Tapiwa's frown deepened with confusion. It wasn't the reaction she had expected. She'd hoped Jadon would maybe get upset about the whole thing. Perhaps she had hoped for a little show of jealousy. However, what Jadon displayed almost seemed possessive. As though someone wanted to take away his favorite toy and he wasn't going to allow it. She wasn't sure how to take it. 

This was the same man who had told her family he wouldn't marry her, she reminded herself. Yes, they were attracted to each other and burned for each other like two hormonal teenagers, but what did that say about the future? 

Tapiwa's eyes narrowed, and she stepped out of his hold. "I already told my mother I wasn't going to be forced into any marriage. Even if that was my only way back into my father's good books."

Silence fell around them for a moment as they just stared at each other, unspoken questions hanging in the air like a thick fog. When Jadon finally spoke, his voice was calmer. 

"I am not going to force you into marriage, either."

"What are you talking about? You already said you wouldn't marry me."

Jadon held her gaze. "That was when your father tried to force me to do it. I will not be manipulated. My father has also hinted at marriage to save my face, but I will not do it for that reason, either."

Tapiwa shook her head. "Then I'm not sure what we are talking about." Her chest squeezed. She realized that she wanted so much to hear that Jadon wanted her, but that wasn't what he was saying. He was telling her about all the reasons he wouldn't marry her. It hurt, even though she knew rationally that it was insane to talk about marriage when they weren't even dating.

But before she could run from the room because she really felt like running and hiding in some dark corner until all the emotions drained out of her, he closed the distance between them. Jadon then capped her face and lowered his mouth to hers ever so slowly, as though he were giving her the opportunity to back off. She didn't.

Soon enough their lips met and Tapiwa couldn't hold back the moan that rose in her throat. Her fingers tangled in his shirt and she held on, tilting her head so the angle was just perfect for him to devour her. 

This was what she'd wanted. His tongue tangled with hers, the taste of alcohol preventing her from just tasting him, but that was alright. For now. 

But then Jadon pulled away and an embarrassing whimper left her parted lips. "No." The word slipped out unaided.

Jadon chuckled softly. That made Tapiwa's eyes snap open, and her heart freeze. For a single second, she wondered if he was just toying with her, but then she looked into his eyes and saw the raw desire there. She could also feel his fast heartbeat under her fingers. 

He shook his head and lifted his gaze above her head as though he needed to look away just to regain some control. "I need to say something before we get carried away," he said, his gaze still fixed away from hers.

"Okay?" 

Jadon took a deep breath, closed his eyes for a second, and then let Tapiwa go, only to drop to one knee in front of her. Tapiwa gasped, her eyes wide with shock. "Wh-what. What are you doing?" 

The man had the audacity to smile, although it didn't reach his eyes. "Tapiwa Mvula, our start was terrible. And we may have messed up a few things along the way." 

Tapiwa blinked, her bottom lip caught between her teeth even as her heart threatened to beat right out of her chest.

"We are still more or less strangers," he went on. "But like I'd said before, I would like the chance to get to know you and possibly build a life with you." He paused then and frowned. "I don't think I am saying exactly what I want to say." 

Tapiwa dared to be bold and took a step forward so that Jadon had to tilt his head back to meet her gaze. "So, what is it you really want to say?" 

He didn't hesitate. "If you are going to marry anyone, it will be me."

The rest of the evening was lost on Tapiwa after that declaration. She vaguely remembered dropping to her knees in front of Jadon and kissing him. Then things shifted. She might have started the kiss, but he took over and had her under his body moments later. The rest was a haze of mind-blowing pleasure.
###chapter 63
Jolted awake by the sound of a ringing phone wasn't how Jadon wanted to wake up in the morning. It took him a second to orient himself and understand why half his body felt so heavy and warm.

Amazed by the sight that met him, Jadon almost forgot what had woken him up. Tapiwa was half sprawled on top of his body with her head resting on his chest. Now that he was awake, he could feel her warm breath fan the little strands of hair he had between his pecks. Her hair was a bird's nest, twisted around her head and falling on him. 

The sight of her slightly parted lips and the drool collected between her cheek and his skin was a surprise but super cute and added a sense of normalcy to everything. It was just the right amount of imperfection to assure him he wasn't dreaming. 

Then again, the shrill of the phone cutting through the silence also did that.

Jadon grumbled under his breath and tried to reach for the phone on his bedside table without moving Tapiwa too much. It didn't work. Between the annoying sound coming from the phone and his moving muscles under her body, he saw her eyelids twitch and then lift to reveal sleepy, unfocused eyes.

"Sorry," he immediately apologized. 

Confused eyes looked up at him and then the sound of the phone seemed to register and she moved off his body mumbling an apology, her cheeks gaining a darker shade.

Jadon quickly grabbed the phone and then groaned when he saw it was his father calling. Without hesitation, he rejected the call and then set the phone in airplane mode before he dropped it back on the bedside table. He didn't know what the man wanted, but he wasn't willing to destroy his newfound peace so early in the morning. Whatever Lewis Paterson wanted could wait another hour or two.

"Who was it?" Tapiwa's drowsy voice cut through Jadon's thoughts. 

His gaze snapped toward her. She had scooted to the edge of the bed and was attempting to finger-comb her hair into something resembling order, but it didn't seem to be working. Jadon's eyes roamed over her naked body, still on display, loving the few finger-shaped bruises that marred her perfect skin like witnesses to the long, passionate night they had shared.

Without hesitation, his morning wood got harder and immediately caught Tapiwa's attention. She stared at it a second and then looked back up at him and licked her lips. The act made Jadon's hard cock twitch, but before he could grab her and resume their night activities, she jumped off the bed and shook a finger at him.

"Don't even think about it. I need a shower and food. I'm not a robot, Jadon." 

Jadon scoffed. "I know you are not a robot." 

Tapiwa folded her arms under her breasts and nodded at him. "Good. Then you agree I need food and a shower before you can do whatever is going through your brain."

"Your nipples are hard."

Tapiwa narrowed her eyes on him. "Food, Mr. Paterson."

He threw his head back and laughed. Jadon was loving it, so he couldn't help pushing her a little. "Last I checked, I was the one expelling bodily fluids the whole time, so-"

Tapiwa threw up a hand in front of him. "Don't finish that. For all our sake." 

More laughter fell from Jadon's mouth, but he didn't say more and stood up from the bed, giving her the perfect view of his naked body as he walked toward the bathroom. Jadon didn't miss the muttered curse, and he laughed some more, knowing she was as affected as he was by this.

They showered together and Jadon managed to convince Tapiwa into a quick one before he helped her out and took her to the kitchen for breakfast that he made as she sat down at the island and watched him.

Two boiled eggs, toast, and a large cup of coffee later, Tapiwa finally looked ready for anything Jadon had in mind. She even smiled when he teased her about rewarding the cook.

"The reward would be very small," she teased back. "That wasn't exactly five-star cuisine."

Jadon mock frowned. "I thought it's the thought that counts." Given how their last two breakfast attempts had gone, Jadon had opted for something simple that was guaranteed not to burn. They could do fancy another day. 

Tapiwa chuckled. The warm sound brought a smile to his face. Then he had more reason to smile when she leaned over and gave him a kiss on the cheek for his reward.

"I could get used to this," he suddenly blurted out. 

The words froze Tapiwa in the process of collecting their dirty plates. She studied him for a beat. "Get used to what exactly?" she asked tentatively. 

Jadon didn't miss a beat. He waved a hand in the air. "This. Everything. Waking up with you. Having some naughty fun in the shower." He winked. "Breakfast together. Just everything." 

Another beat passed. Tapiwa set the plates back down and retook her seat next to Jadon. Her eyes searched his, but he wasn't certain what she was looking for. Thankfully, she spoke and solved the puzzle.

"So, you were serious about the proposal yesterday?"

That wasn't what Jadon had been expecting to hear. He frowned. "You thought I wasn't?"

She shrugged. "The thought crossed my mind for a second or two. Maybe it was a heat of the moment thing."

Jadon shook his head. "I'm dead serious. I plan to get you a ring as soon as possible. Today, if I manage to pry myself away from you long enough. Or perhaps we can go together so that you can pick something you'd like. Then we will get married as soon as we both feel we are ready. Hopefully, not too far in the future." 

"I'm not sure how my father will take this," Tapiwa confessed. She raised her right hand to the back of her neck and rubbed nervously. "What if he refuses and insists on this old man he picked?" 

During the course of the night, after one of the many love-making sessions, Tapiwa had finally shared with Jadon who the selected candidate her father had picked was. To say that Jadon wasn't impressed was an understatement. 

"I don't care if your father accepts or not. This is about us, not him. Don't worry. I will make it happen."

Tapiwa smiled at him, but Jadon could tell she didn't fully believe him and that was okay. He was going to prove to her that nothing was going to stand in their way to be together. Absolutely nothing.

But before he could say anything more on the matter, a sudden sharp bang pierced the silence. Tapiwa's wide, frightened eyes snapped to his and then the hallway, when another bang that sounded suspiciously like gunfire cut through the air again. 

The sound was coming from their front door. Jadon stood immediately and put himself between Tapiwa and the door. What the hell was going on now, he wondered, even as he mentally prepared himself for whatever was coming at them.
###chapter 64
The sound of another bullet hitting his front door finally had Jadon jumping to action. He needed to protect Tapiwa and he couldn't do that with her out in the open.

"You need to hide," he told her as he grabbed her arm and tugged her along behind him as he ran for his bedroom. 

A million scenarios played out in his head, each one more gruesome than the previous. Whoever was shooting at his front door had to be the blackmailer or the man he had paid to stalk them. Somehow, Jadon didn't think his father would go this far. That left him with more questions about who could be behind this and he wouldn't go out looking for the answers until he knew Tapiwa was safe and hidden.

Jadon wasn't bulletproof, but he would rather be alone when he faced the shooter because there was just no way in hell he was letting Tapiwa anywhere near the shooter. 

"In here." Jadon opened the wardrobe and gestured for her to get in, but she didn't. 

Tapiwa stood in front of the door, eyes wide with panic. She shook her head. "We can't both fit in there," she whispered before she flinched at the sound of someone slamming hard into the front door. 

They didn't have time to waste. Jadon grabbed her arm again and firmly led her into the space under the hangers. "We both don't need to fit. I need you to hide in here and call the police."

"But-"

"No buts, Tapiwa. Just do as I say and no matter what you hear, don't come out," he said firmly just as they both heard the front door crash open. Not giving Tapiwa a chance to argue or do something foolish, he quickly shut the doors and left the bedroom. Whoever it was, he didn't want to give them a clue of where Tapiwa was hiding.

His heart pounded like crazy in his chest, sending his entire body into tremors. Jadon took a deep breath and made a short detour to pick up the bat he had almost forgotten he kept in his kitchen pantry. Then he was in the hallway and facing the intruder.

It was too late for fear, and when he realized who was in his house, fear was the last thing Jadon felt. Red-hot fury coursed through his veins in a heartbeat. "What the hell, Asher?" he demanded angrily, ignoring the gun his brother held, and the glare of pure hatred directed at him.

"Where is she?"

Jadon didn't need to ask who he meant, and a wave of possession washed over him. "You are not coming anywhere near her," he gritted out through clenched teeth.

Something close to madness entered Asher's eyes and for a second, Jadon was concerned about his safety and he hoped like hell Tapiwa had called the police. Luckily, the gun was still pointed down toward the floor as Asher's hand hung by his side. 

He could see the damage to the front door behind his brother. Several holes now decorated the solid wood and the doorknob was broken. Clearly, Asher had been determined to get into the house and nothing was going to stand in his way. Except Jadon.

"She's my woman!" Asher bellowed like a petulant child, staking a claim on a toy.

Jadon scoffed. "She was never yours and you know it. Asher, put down the gun and leave before you do something stupid."

"Oh, yeah?" Asher snarled and raised the gun, pointing the barrel at Jadon. "Like what? Shoot you? That wouldn't be stupid. That would be the wisest thing I could do for our family. You have brought us nothing but shame." 

"And you shooting your own brother in cold blood over a woman who isn't even yours would make you a hero?" Jadon challenged, his fingers tightening around the bat. 

Asher bared his teeth, the determination in his gaze telling Jadon that there would be no reasoning with his brother on the matter. So he wasn't surprised when Asher spoke and the words were those of a man beyond the point of madness.

"No one will stop me from taking back what's mine."

"I'm not yours!" Tapiwa's sharp voice suddenly cut through the air and Jadon cursed under his breath. Damn it! He'd told the woman to hide and not come out for anything.

Jadon turned, intending to block her from coming closer and putting herself right in the forefront of the danger. But before he could, she'd moved around him and stood between Jadon and Asher, her glare fixed on the latter. 

Without giving it a moment's thought, Jadon jerked forward and grabbed Tapiwa's waist, which snapped something in Asher and the man's gun swung in the air, pointing at Jadon and then Tapiwa. Jadon reacted on instinct. He let go of Tapiwa and threw himself at Asher, his hands gripping the hand that held the gun and forcing it up toward the ceiling.

Grunts and shouts filled the air as more chaos ensued. Jadon was vaguely aware of Tapiwa's frantic voice behind him, but he kept his focus on Asher, refusing to let go of the hand that held the gun. 

Asher cursed. He lifted his knee and tried to get Jadon in the abdomen, but unlike Asher who was too much of a party boy to hit the gym, Jadon never missed a session, so he easily dodged the hit and then swept his leg under Asher, sending them both down to the floor hard.

Asher found himself at the bottom with Jadon on top, still gripping his wrist in a death grip. But just then, the gun went off and Tapiwa screamed. For a second, Jadon feared she had gotten shot, but he couldn't let go of Asher and find out. 

In all the time he had known Asher, Jadon had never thought his brother was capable of killing someone. He hadn't thought he was capable of blackmail and threats, either. But clearly he had been wrong. Obviously, a scorned woman wasn't the only creature one had to be wary of. A man with a bruised ego was far more dangerous.

"Get the fuck off me!" Asher bellowed as he bucked under Jadon like a rodeo bull, trying to throw him off.

Jadon went airborne for one frozen second before he landed back on Asher, making both men grunt in pain. Unfortunately, the move was enough for Jadon to lose his grip on Asher's hand and the gun.

Asher didn't waste a second. He used the gun to strike Jadon in the face, and Jadon fell back and off his brother's body. Before Jadon could reorient himself, Asher heaved himself into a sitting position and raised the gun as though to strike Jadon again. 

But just then, Asher got hit from behind. He let out a cry and fell forward, the gun finally falling out of his hand. Jadon looked up just in time to realize Tapiwa stood behind Asher, holding his bat. Damn, something like pride swelled in his chest and he wanted to just grab her and wrap her up in his arms. It had to wait, though. They had to deal with Asher first.

Feeling as though half his face was on fire and already swollen from where the gun had hit him, Jadon flipped over and dragged himself toward the dropped gun before Asher could make a move.

But just as Jadon, fingers brushed against the black metal, more chaos penetrated the fog of pain and anger he was in. Several footsteps hurried toward his front door. Then he finally heard the words he had been praying for.

"Police! Everyone, just stay where you are!"

Jadon was fine with that instruction. He immediately lifted his hand away from the gun and let his body lay flat on the floor. Fuck! He couldn't believe that had happened.
###chapter 65
Tapiwa shifted on the bench for what felt like the fiftieth time in the last ten minutes. She couldn't help it. The bench was hard and narrow. It had obviously been made to ensure maximum discomfort, which she guessed worked well for where they were. A police station wasn't meant to be comfortable. But still, she wondered if it would kill them to get better sitting arrangements.

A minute later, another unavoidable shift had the wood making a scary, creaking sound and she froze, afraid the thing would suddenly break and they would find themselves unceremoniously on the floor that didn't look particularly clean.

Next to Tapiwa, Jadon heard the sound and saw her tense. His lips twitched despite the state they were in, swollen and bleeding from a split on the bottom one. The rest of his face didn't look any better. He had a cut where Asher had hit him with the gun just above his right eyebrow, causing his right eye to be almost swollen shut.

The police officers that had brought them to the station had been considerate enough to offer Jadon an ice pack since he and Tapiwa weren't arrested but had just been brought in to give their statements. Tapiwa would have preferred Jadon had been taken to the hospital for proper care. Unfortunately, Jadon refused to leave her side, which was what would have happened if he had gone to the hospital since Tapiwa was needed at the police station.

Things still wouldn't be so bad if the officers just worked a little faster. Of course, they didn't. Tapiwa and Jadon had been seated on the medieval torture bench for almost an hour already and she was just about ready to scream and Jadon seemed to have picked up on that already.

Not caring where they were, he lifted his free hand, the one not holding the ice pack to his swollen face, and placed it over her thigh. He gave her a gentle squeeze, stilling the agitated tap of her leg she hadn't even realized she was doing. "Just take deep breaths," he said quietly.

Tapiwa huffed. She looked around and took in the buzz of an overcrowded police station with only four uniformed officers in sight to help direct the traffic of people all needing help from the law enforcers in one form or the other. The air reeked of sweat and frustration and it was only eleven in the morning.

She shook her head, resigned to their fate. "At this rate, we will be here all day." 

"God, I hope not," Jadon groaned and shifted on the narrow bench, earning them another nerve-wracking creak, which he ignored. "I seriously need something better than this melted ice pack. The pain is not taking a back seat anymore." 

Worry immediately gripped Tapiwa's chest. She straightened and turned so she was facing him fully. "How bad is it? Do you want me to get someone to take you to the hospital? You should have gone to the hospital. I told you to go."

To Tapiwa's surprise, a soft chuckle fell from Jadon's lips. A little confused, she narrowed her eyes on him. "What's funny?" she demanded, leaning back enough to see more of the man. "You are in pain. It's hardly anything to laugh about."

Jadon shook his head, then promptly regretted it and winced. But before he could explain what he found so amusing about their current predicament, there was a commotion at the entrance of the police station.

Tapiwa looked up in time to see Angela Paterson bulldoze her way through the crowd, her husband following behind her with a less forceful face. Tapiwa tensed, her heart skipping several beats even as she broke out in a cold sweat. The look in the woman's eyes looked murderous, and suddenly she wondered if the four officers she had seen earlier would be enough to prevent Armageddon from taking place.

"Where is he?" Angela shrieked before she reached them, her hands balled into fists at her sides. But that wasn't the only thing that stood out. 

There was none of the usual elegance about her appearance. The woman's attire of brown sweat pants and a simple blouse, and her maroon-dyed hair sticking up in every direction, suggested she had just stormed out of her house and rushed over to the police station without a care for her appearance. Like any good mother would. Except, it seemed, the only person she was desperate to see was her son Asher. The look she gave Jadon almost froze the blood in Tapiwa's veins before the same look landed on her and she nearly shrank in on herself.

"Control yourself, Angela," Mr. Paterson snarled in a low tone behind his wife. He too wasn't dressed in a suit to impress. He wore black pants and a navy blue polo shirt that looked expensive but was obviously part of what he considered informal and relaxed. And strangely enough, unlike his wife, Lewis appeared composed.

Unfortunately, Angela wasn't having any of that. She turned on her husband, her body practically vibrating with fury. "This is your fault!" 

Lewis blinked and took a step back from his wife. A few other eyes in the station also looked their way and Tapiwa saw that they would soon have the attention of everyone. But it seemed Angela didn't care about that.

"You ignored my son and pushed him into this!" 

"How the hell did I ignore Asher?" Lewis demanded, a perplexed frown creasing his forehead. He looked at Jadon. "I gave both my sons the very best." 

"No!" Angela pointed a furious, accusing finger at Jadon. "That one got all your attention, the CEO position your time! You pushed Asher into this!"

"Oh, for the love of God," Jadon muttered in disbelief. He looked at his mother as though she had grown a second head. "You can't honestly believe that, mother? Asher is an adult. He made his decisions, and he has to take responsibility for them." 

"What decision? He did nothing wrong!"

Jadon dropped the ice pack and stood up, facing his mother. "He came to my house with a gun ready to kill me!" 

Angela sneered. "Can you blame him?"

A harsh silence fell as everyone just stared at Angela. Then a man approached and Tapiwa recognized the detective who had spoken to them earlier. The older gentleman with salt and pepper hair came to stand next to them, his stern gaze fixed on Angela Paterson.

"Madam, maybe you should follow me and we can have this conversation somewhere more private?" 

"I don't need to talk in private. I just need you to bring my son out here and we will leave," Angela snapped.
###chapter 66
The detective arched a brow and folded his arms across his chest. "That's not happening, Mrs. Paterson. Your son is being charged with criminal trespass, vandalism, reckless endangerment, assault and battery, and unlawful discharge of a firearm. That is before we come to the fact that he is under investigation for blackmail, stalking, and many other charges that have been brought to our attention."

By the time the detective was done listing the charges, Angela looked ready to blow. Her face took on a darker shade, jaw clenched hard. "My son would never do any of that." 

"You are right," Lewis suddenly cut in, snapping everyone's attention. 

Tapiwa's eyes narrowed. She wondered if the man was also about to defend Asher and throw all the accusations on Jadon. Tapiwa hadn't known how bad the family relations were until today and she couldn't help comparing it to her own family. 

Her parents were not perfect. Hell, her father was trying to marry her off to an old widower and her mother had no backbone to stand up to her husband, but still, the Petersons' situation seemed far more explosive. 

Lewis turned on his wife. "You are the one behind everything." 

"What?" Angela and Jadon both said at the same time with equal shock.

Lewis looked at his son. "I found out who was using my account to pay the stalker." 

Silence fell as the pieces slowly fell into place. This time, when the detective suggested they take the conversation somewhere more private, Angela didn't argue. So, within minutes, they were all in an office that had all the makings of a low-paying government employment look, joined by two more officers who stood against the wall like sentries.

The detective turned to Mr. Paterson. "Sir, perhaps you may start by explaining what you found out. Your son only informed us of your connection to the man they chased, whom they believe was a stalker."

Tapiwa didn't miss the disapproving side eye the detective gave them. The man had already expressed his thoughts on their decision to deal with matters on their own. But what was done was done, and they had more important things to focus on. Like finally finding out who was behind the blackmail and the entire mess that had turned their likes upside down.  

Lewis removed a flash drive from his pocket and handed it over to the detective. "Everything is there. I had my accountant compile all the evidence. It will show that my wife, Angela, used my account to pay the man believed to be the stalker and several other payments that I suspect will lead to evidence of her buying drugs and covering up her son's messes."

Even though they had all obviously already concluded that Angela was involved, they all looked at her with a mixture of shock and disappointment. None of which seemed to faze the woman.

Like a regal queen who believed she was above the law, she lifted her chin and sneered at them all before her eyes landed on Jadon, and the hatred in her eyes intensified. "I don't care if you now know. I still got what I wanted. You lost the CEO position that should have always been Asher's, and your reputation is worthless. You will never make anything without the taint of those pictures ruining everything." 

Jadon shook his head, seemingly out of words. His mouth opened and closed several times, but nothing came out. Thankfully, the detective was there to ask the relevant questions. "Why? Why would you destroy your own son?"

Angela scoffed, giving Jadon a disgusted look. "He's not my son. We used a donor egg to have him. But I later conceived on my own and had Asher. Asher is my only son." 

"You gave birth to both of them, Angela!" Lewis shouted, and his control finally snapped. "You promised you would love the child regardless of the egg that was used. You told me it didn't matter as long as you were a mother."  

"Well, I lied!" Angela fired back. She threw her arms in the air. "It mattered! If we had been more patient, then I would have had only Asher. My son. With my DNA!" 

Lewis shook his head. "You need help. All this while You have been treating the boys differently because one doesn't have your DNA! You should be glad he doesn't. See what your precious son has done!"   

But Angela wasn't about to see reason. She slammed her fists into Lewis's chest, screaming. "It's your fault for not giving him what rightfully belonged to him!" 

The police officers moved forward and grabbed Angela. It took all three to hold her back. Tapiwa and Jadon stayed still, taking in the scene like it was a movie playing out in front of them. 

Emotions were high, and the voices were higher. Tapiwa wouldn't have been shocked if more officers rushed into the office for fear a fight had broken out. 

Lewis pointed at Jadon, still shouting at his wife. "He is my son! Or did you forget? I had every right to give him everything!" 

As soon as the words were said, Tapiwa felt Jadon jerk as though he had finally snapped out of whatever daze he had been lost in. Then, without a word, he grabbed Tapiwa's hand and tugged her behind him as he made his way out the door and into the large hallway that led back to the reception area and the front door.

He didn't need to say anything. Tapiwa felt the tension in his hold and the tremors he tried hard to suppress as he walked like a man on a mission. And the mission was to leave the police station as fast as possible. 

Tapiwa had no problem with that plan. The truth was out, but the mess was far from over. They needed time to process and come up with a plan. They rounded a corner and Tapiwa opened her mouth to ask if they had a ride back home since they had driven to the police station with the officers. 

But the words didn't leave her mouth as both she and Jadon came to a sudden stop when they saw who had just entered the police station.
###chapter 67
Jadon wasn't sure what was happening. One moment he had been reeling from everything his mother had confessed to and just wanted to get the hell out of there, and the next, he was engaged in a fistfight right in the middle of the police station with Lute Mvula.

Tapiwa's brother had stormed into the station, took one look at Jadon's hand around Tapiwa's wrist, and snapped. 

Fuck! It seemed Lute would always catch him at a bad time. It was the second fight of the day and Jadon's body was already in a considerable amount of pain. For heaven's sake, he only had one eye to look through and keep track of what his opponent was doing. 

Lute went for his midsection, delivering two solid hits before Jadon was able to block and then return the favor with a strike to the ribs. His opponent grunted and stumbled a step back as though to catch his breath. 

That's when Jadon caught sight of Tapiwa. She hadn't gone far when things got physical. Like the crazy, fearless woman Jadon was slowly coming to realize she was, she jumped onto her brother's back. The weight was so sudden that Lute staggered. Then he twisted and tried to dislodge her, but she held on like a crazy feline.

More commotion joined the madness as officers finally reached them and had to first pry Tapiwa off her brother's back before they held Lute down when he tried to go after Jadon again. An officer grabbed Jadon's arm, but there was no need. Jadon had no intention of testing out more of his fighting skills.

It took another handful of minutes for things to finally quiet down. By then, Jadon realized they had a full audience, phone cameras included. He also noted that his father was standing next to him while the rest of Tapiwa's family was standing next to Lute, who had been handcuffed and was trying to argue his way out of them. 

His eyes swept the crowd, looking for Tapiwa. He nearly stormed across the space when he saw the officer holding Tapiwa, trying to lead her to her father. Allen Mvula stood like an imposing drill sergeant, demanding for Tapiwa to go to him. Thankfully, Tapiwa shook off the hold the officer had on her and quickly made her way to Jadon's side.

Needing a physical connection more than anything else, Jadon ignored the pain radiating throughout his entire body and pulled Tapiwa's body against his. He arranged her so her back was to his front and then just wrapped his arms around her and held on. Jadon wasn't sure how much longer he would be able to stay on his feet, but he planned to hold on for as long as he could.

Of course, the move acted like a spark to a can of gasoline for the Mvulas. Allen snarled, his hands balled into fists at his sides. "Tapiwa! Get the hell away from that man and come here. Right. Now!" 

Tapiwa didn't move even as a deadly silence fell over the entire station. The detective that had been handling their case looked from Tapiwa and Jadon to the Mvulas. It looked like a man with a thousand questions, but he didn't voice them. Not yet.

Instead, it was Lewis who spoke, addressing Allen. "Mr. Mvula, I think you should calm down." 

Allen looked as though he had been insulted. "Don't tell me to calm down! You should tell your stupid son to let go of my daughter. Your family has humiliated me enough." 

Lewis half turned his head and locked eyes with Jadon. For a moment, he wondered if his father was about to order him to let Tapiwa go. Not that it would have made a difference. Jadon had no plans to let Tapiwa go. Unless it was what she wanted and even then, he wasn't sure he would be able to do it. 

But to his surprise, his father turned back to Allen and said the last thing he'd expected. "Your daughter isn't a minor. I think it's safe to say she can make her own decision in this matter." 

That had obviously been the wrong answer because Allen Mvula stepped forward like a man about to punch someone. That was until the police detective stepped in his path. "I have already arrested your son, sir. I have no trouble putting you in the same cell if you start more trouble." 

Allen's jaw worked. He narrowed his eyes on the detective but obviously knew that was a fight he wasn't going to win. So, instead, he turned back to Tapiwa. "If you know what is good for you, young lady, you will step away from that man and come home with me right this second."

"Is that a threat?" The detective cut in sharply.

"What?"

"Are you threatening your daughter, sir?"

Allen looked genuinely confused. "She's my daughter." 

The detective nodded. "Agreed. But that does not give you the right to threaten or harm her in any way." 

Tapiwa trembled in Jadon's hold. But then, as though sensing she was finally in a safe environment, she spoke up. "I'm not going back with you, Dad." 

"Don't do this," Miranda suddenly cut in, stepping forward. She looked at her daughter imploringly. "Do what your father says and let's go home. We can fix this."

Tears ran down Miranda's face and Jadon sensed more than felt the fight begin to drain out of Tapiwa. Anger rose in Jadon. She was being manipulated with tears and the promise of family, but he didn't believe everything would be 'fixed' if she just went back home. Her father wanted her to marry an old man from the church to restore his family's honor. Jadon couldn't let that happen.

With a firm grasp on what was most important to him, Jadon didn't hesitate. He released his hold on Tapiwa and immediately heard her shocked gasp. In a heartbeat, she turned her face to stare at him with wide, confused eyes. She thought he was letting go of her so she could go with her family, but that was the furthest thing from the truth. 

Before more doubt crept into her mind, Jadon turned her around so their fronts were now touching. Then he firmly but gently cupped her face and kissed her. 

Time seemed to stand still. It wasn't smooth as far as kisses they'd had went. It wasn't even urgent or steaming. No, this kiss was gentle and slow, and yet Jadon felt it all over his body. He felt electrocuted and wrapped in the warmest, softest caress ever. 

For a moment, everyone and everything else, including the pain, faded into the background. He felt her hands gently crawl up his sides before she curled her fingers in his shirt as though she was trying to stop him from vanishing on her. Like that could happen.

But then, like all good things, the bubble popped and Jadon heard Allen's voice cutting through the air like a trumpet of doom.

"Get your filthy hands off my daughter!" 

From the struggle in the man's tone, Jadon assumed he was being held back, and he was grateful. Then a throat cleared next to them and Jadon felt Tapiwa tense in his hold. Reluctantly, Jadon pulled his mouth away and met his father's studying gaze.

Lewis looked from Jadon to Tapiwa and back. After a beat, he asked, "What are you doing, son?" 

That was an easy question to answer. Jadon almost grinned. Of course, he was staking his claim, but that wasn't the response his father was looking for and he still had Allen Mvula to deal with. 

The man in question was still struggling with the police and demanding Tapiwa walk over to him right this second. Tapiwa didn't so much as move an inch. She stayed glued to Jadon.

So, clearing his throat, Jadon said to his father and all those within hearing range. "Telling the world I want Tapiwa and I'm going to marry her." 

There was a second of silence, and then Allen shouted like a deranged man. "Over my dead body!"
###chapter 68
"How is she?" Kaelo asked.

Jadon released a long breath and shrugged. It left like he was trying to lift the weight of the world off his shoulders. "As well as can be, I guess." That, of course, was a lie. Jadon knew Tapiwa wasn't anywhere near 'well'. Not that he could blame her. 

It had been a week since her father's very vocal stance on the idea of Tapiwa and Jadon being together. Jadon had to agree. At the time, he had been more than a little worried that Tapiwa would fold under the pressure. It wasn't as though there had been anything firm in their foundation to make her choose him over her family. They barely knew each other.

But then Tapiwa had shocked them all by categorically refusing to go with her father. That hadn't gone well with Allen Mvula and it had taken three officers to hold him down so Jadon could quickly get Tapiwa out of there with his father's help.

The detective had advised Tapiwa to get a restraining order against her family, but that was just a step too far for Tapiwa, so she didn't. That didn't mean Jadon hadn't taken every precaution in the book to ensure her safety. 

With his mother arrested and facing numerous charges, everything had blown up. The stalker was thankfully found and locked up. That took care of the threat that had been following them around like an evil shadow. However, the fallout of having Lewis Paterson's wife and son arrested for various atrocities had hit the company shares hard and nearly sent Jadon's father to the hospital with stress and heartache.

Jadon felt bad for his father, which was why he was back in the office, trying to save the company from going belly up. However, he wasn't giving up on the new direction he had decided to take with his friends. He just had to find a way to make it all balance.

"Have you bought her a ring yet?" Ezra asked, cutting through Jadon's thoughts and bringing him back to the present.

A smile tried to tug at the corners of his lips. He reached into his jacket's inner pocket, wincing as muscles that still ached protested with the move, but he reached for the small box and brought it out of its hiding place. 

Jadon stared at the carved wooden box in his palm for a second, like he had been doing every time he looked at it for the last few days. It was an exquisite work of art. The box was made of rich, dark mahogany wood adorned with intricate carvings of intertwining vines and flowers. Despite its age, and it was an antique, the box was smooth and shiny. The only thing that gave away its age was the tiny, soft creaking sound it made when it was opened. 

Inside, on a velvety, blue small cushion, sat a single ring. A simple, yet elegant fourteen-karat gold band supported a solitary, pink diamond. Just like the box that sheltered it from the world, the ring was old but had been well-preserved for years.

Jadon smiled as he showed his friends the ring. "It was my grandmother's. Dad gave it to me." His smile dimmed a little as he looked down at the ring again. "Apparently, he was supposed to give it to Mom, but she never liked simple and old. I think it's perfect and Tapiwa would like it." 

"So, you are waiting for the perfect moment?" Ezra enquired, returning to his relaxed state after sitting forward to properly examine the ring. Kaelo did the same.

Closing the box and returning it to his pocket, Jadon shook his head. "She just got disowned by her family because she chose me. I don't think this is the best time to give her the ring and ask her to talk about marriage." 

"I couldn't think of a better time," Kaelo argued with a frown. "It would certainly comfort her that she didn't just reject everything for nothing." 

Jadon could see his friend's point and if it had been the morning before Asher came shooting at his front door like a lunatic, he might have agreed. Everything had been going perfectly that morning until it wasn't. So instead, he said, "We still don't really know each other. A handful of kisses and orgasms doesn't make a relationship." They hadn't even had those in the past week since the police station. 

"Dude." Ezra threw his arms in the air. "You guys have done everything in reverse. Got intimately acquainted before you knew each other's names. Put a ring on her finger and then you can spend the rest of your lives getting to know each other." 

The words still played in the back of Jadon's mind as he made it home at the end of the exhausting day. As he walked in through the front door, he tapped the front of his jacket just to be certain the treasure was still there, even if he wasn't sure he could give it to Tapiwa tonight.

But then he took in how quiet and dark the house was and Jadon's heart nearly escaped his chest. No part of him had imagined even for a second that Tapiwa might leave and go back to her family. That thought now propelled him from the front door to the kitchen, where he usually found Tapiwa at this time of the day. He turned the lights on and was greeted by emptiness, not even the scent of something delicious waiting to fill his empty stomach.

With his heart practically beating at the back of his throat, Jadon turned and made his way to the living room. If she wasn't there or in the spare bedroom, then he would know for sure she was gone. 

The living room was empty and so was the spare room. Jadon couldn't bring himself to check the closet to see whether all her belongings were gone. He wasn't strong enough. Not tonight. All he could think of was running out of the house and driving to the Mvula house and begging Tapiwa not to do this. But then what? 

Jadon shook his head and headed for his own room. Maybe he needed a stiff drink and sleep before he made any rash decisions. He couldn't just think of himself. Jadon had to think of Tapiwa and what was best for her. He wanted to believe that he was what was best for her, but maybe family meant more to her.

At the door of his bedroom, Jadon's hand trembled, and he had to clench it and draw a deep breath before he could open the door and walk into his empty dark space, knowing that it would probably remain like that for the foreseeable future.

He didn't bother with the lights, preferring the darkness, as it hid everything he didn't want to see. Jadon shed his jacket and threw it on the floor, not caring how expensive it was or what was in his pocket. He then turned and headed for his bathroom.
###chapter 69
Twenty minutes later, Jadon stepped out of his steaming bathroom with nothing but a towel around his waist, not feeling any better than when he had gone in. Resigned to his fate, he finally turned on the lights so he could see his way around and not break a toe. 

That's when he saw her. Jadon froze, a very unmanly scream thankfully stuck in his throat. Several emotions hit him at once. Relief that she was still there in his house but also confusion as to why she was asleep in his bed, curled up in the center in a small ball like a child. There was absolutely no way Jadon would have seen her if the lights hadn't been on. 

Jadon took a minute to get his heart rate back to normal. He could feel the droplets of water still clinging to his body. They chilled as his skin was exposed to the cooler air-conditioned air, but he ignored it and made his way to the bed. 

As soon as he sat on the edge of the bed and gently used his fingers to move the long strands of hair that had covered her face away, Tapiwa's eyelids fluttered and opened. For a moment, she seemed confused as she blinked up at him, but then it all seemed to register and she quickly moved to get off his bed.

"Oh! Oh, God, I'm sorry!" 

"Hey. Hey." Jadon moved fast. He grabbed her shoulders and stopped her escape. "It's okay. I don't mind." He chuckled softly then and shook his head. "I just wish I had known you were here all this time. I just spent half an hour in the shower feeling miserable because I thought you'd left." 

At the mention of the shower, Tapiwa's eyes snapped toward the still-open bathroom door with the steam pouring out. Then her eyes fixed on him and seemed to take in his state of undress for the first time. 

Her reaction was instant and almost comical. Tapiwa's eyes widened a fraction, her pupils dilating and her nostrils flaring as she drew in a deep breath. Then her cheeks took on a darker shade, and she dropped her eyes, clearing her throat. "Uhm. You uhm thought I left?" she stammered, unable to meet his gaze.

Something warmed in Jadon's chest. He was certain if Tapiwa had been a dude, she would have had a very visible bulge at the front of her gray sweats. As it was, he was sure she was wet and was almost tempted to find out for himself. Damn it! It had been too long and his body was reacting to the beautiful woman in his bed like a moth to a flame. The towel was doing a poor job of hiding it, too.

But as much as he wanted them horizontal and doing something better than talking, he knew they had to talk. So, with control he wasn't sure he still had reserves of, Jadon drew a deep breath and looked away from the temptation.

It took him a second to recall what she'd asked for him to answer. "The house was dark and empty when I got home. I thought you finally couldn't take it. I know you haven't been too happy since we left the police station." 

Tapiwa frowned. "It was very upsetting," she confessed.

"I know. I also know that I would understand." He paused and thought for a second about what he was about to say, then shook his head. "Okay, I might try to understand if you decided you needed your family and left. But I hope you Don't. Is that selfish of me?"

"I think being a little selfish is good sometimes. At least, that's what I have been telling myself for days since everything. I am being selfish to pick my happiness over my family's honor, after all." 

Jadon's eyes narrowed even as hope bloomed in his heart. "Happiness? I make you happy?"

Tapiwa tilted her head back and forth, her lips pursed. "Hmm, I was happy that morning. Waking up in your arms, watching you make me breakfast. We talked about getting to know each other and buying a ring. It all sounded like a fairy tale. Almost too good to be true." She shook her head and rubbed the back of her neck. "Maybe that's the illusion I am willing to bet my happiness on. Willing to sacrifice everything for."

"But what if it's not an illusion?" he cut in, a thoughtful frown creasing his forehead. Before he decided to just go for it, Jadon got off the bed and quickly made his way to the jacket he had discarded. 

Hesitating for only a moment, he retrieved the antique box and slowly made his way back to the woman he hoped would wear the treasure hidden within. She watched him, her chest heaving with every quick breath she took. Jadon realized she was nervous and somehow that made his own nerves settle a little.

When he sat on the bed, he placed the small box between them. "I didn't buy a ring like I said I would. My father gave this to me after the police station. It belonged to my grandmother. I hope" Jadon paused and swallowed hard before he continued. "I hope you like it and do me the honor of wearing it for the rest of our lives."

Then he opened the box and heard Tapiwa's soft gasp, but she didn't say a word or make a move to touch the ring. She only stared at it with an expression he couldn't read. The silence stretched long enough that Jadon began to worry. Was it the ring she didn't like? Or just the idea of being bound to him?

He was about to suggest she could pick her own ring at a jewelry store because the second option didn't bear thinking about when she finally spoke.

"Shouldn't you put it on my finger?" she looked up at him and finally, Jadon saw her smile and the glint of mischief in her eyes.

Laughing and letting go of all the concerns he had been carrying around with him like a second skin, he picked up the beautiful ring and slipped it onto her finger.

Next thing Jadon knew, he had a lap full of Tapiwa and their mouths ate at each other like they were starved, and kissing was the very food that would save their lives and nourish them back to health. It was everything Jadon needed at that moment and silently vowed to himself to give Tapiwa everything.

Including her family. He wasn't going to let her lose them, even if they didn't deserve her. But he knew she would be happier if she had some sort of relationship with them, so he was going to make it happen. Jadon was going to make sure Tapiwa never looked back on how they came together with regret. He just wasn't going to let that happen.
EPILOGUE
The warm sun stood high in the sky, casting a golden light on the lush greenery of the vast back gardens of the Paterson estate. A cool breeze from the surrounding trees blew toward the open white tent where the wedding was set up to take place. 

It was a small gathering with only ten invited guests on either side of the red-carpeted aisle. Three rows of chairs decorated with white roses were made for the seating arrangement. At the front, where the marriage officiant stood, a formally dressed woman in her mid-fifties, there was an arch made of the same white roses, intertwined with the green. It was beautiful in its simplicity.

But no one paid much attention to the decor. They were all more interested in the groom standing next to the officiant. Jadon had stuck to the theme of the wedding and wore a simple white button-down with no tie and with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows. The only formal touch to his look was the beige vest he wore that matched his pants and the handmade two-tone leather shoes. 

He could barely stand still as the last seconds of his life as a single man ticked away. It wasn't that he was regretting his decision, far from it. He just couldn't wait for this part to be done. Jadon kept fearing something would go wrong and would stop the wedding from happening, but he was ready to move heaven and earth to make it happen.

In fact, Jadon had already done the impossible to make the wedding happen. He'd known how important it was for Tapiwa to walk down the aisle with her father, regardless of what the man had done. So, Jadon had swallowed a humble pie and approached Mr. Mvula until the man's anger relented and he accepted that Jadon was going to marry his daughter regardless of his feelings and it was in his best interest to be there to support her.

Just then, soft music started playing, cutting through Jadon's thoughts. All the guests stood and turned to watch the bride walk in with her father. In an almost hypnotic daze of wonder, Jadon's gaze landed on Tapiwa and held on despite the distance that still divided them. His heart stalled before it kicked back into action, and Jadon drew a deep breath. Damn! He was a lucky man.

\~~~ 

Every other person seemed to fade into the background. Dressed in a simple, plain satin wedding dress and the shortest heels she could find, Tapiwa's step faltered and her arm instinctively tightened around her father's.

As though sensing she needed a second, Allen Mvula stopped walking and allowed Tapiwa to take a breath and just absorb everything. She appreciated that, and it made her think the father she had loved while growing up was still inside the man somehow.

But then her attention was grabbed by their surroundings. Everything was beautiful and simple, just like she had requested and Jadon had promised to deliver. Jadon. He stood at the end of the aisle, his eyes never leaving hers like he was afraid she would vanish if he looked away. 

She could almost see the nervousness in his stance and was certain if she remained still a minute longer, the man would fly across the space and carry her to the front for this marriage to take place. Strangely enough, that thought brought a smile to her face, and had it been any other time, then Tapiwa would have been tempted to put the theory to the test. Lucky for Jadon, Tapiwa didn't want to entertain their guests more than what was scripted. Especially not her family.

By some miracle, Jadon had gotten her father to accept their union and even give her away on this special day. Her mother, Amy, and Lute all sat on her side of the aisle, dressed to impress and smiling widely, like a proud family of the bride. It all painted a delightful picture, but something had broken when Tapiwa's father chased her out of the house with his belt, something that couldn't be rebuilt with a few smiles and awkward hugs. The only person she'd felt comfortable with all day was Nicole. 

But thank God Tapiwa wasn't dwelling on that. Instead, she focused on the man she had fallen for and had spent the last few months getting to know. Jadon was an interesting man, Tapiwa thought to herself with a smile.

Driven and confident were the two words she would have said described her soon-to-be husband. In the aftermath of the revelations, Angela Paterson was sent to jail for five years for her part in the blackmail. Lewis hadn't done anything to help his wife escape the punishment. Neither had he raised a finger when Asher was ordered by the court to do mandatory counseling and community service for twelve months.

It had surprised her to know that Asher was attending the wedding. He was seated next to his father in the front row of the groom's side. Things weren't smooth among the Paterson men, but Tapiwa thought just like with her family, maybe time could heal some wounds and something nice would bloom. She wasn't holding her breath, though. 

Suddenly, her feet felt lighter and her steps quicker. She couldn't wait to be next to Jadon. He was her rock. Her happy, safe place and she just needed to breathe in his scent and feel his warmth and know nothing else would come between them.

Jadon, of course, didn't miss her sudden hurry to get to him. In typical Jadon style, he didn't care about how things were supposed to be done and instead started walking toward Tapiwa and met her halfway. To the guests, the groom just seemed impatient, and it earned them a few chuckles. Not from her father, of course, but who cared?

Expertly, Jadon took her arm out of her father's and walked her the rest of the way to where the officiant was still waiting. "Are you okay?" he asked quietly.

"I am now," Tapiwa whispered with a smile.

The rest of the wedding went on without a glitch and before long, Tapiwa proudly smiled when she was introduced as Mrs. Tapiwa Paterson. The guests clapped and smiled as the single cameraman they had hired for the occasion took photos.

Then, just before the guests began to make their way over to hug and congratulate them, Jadon leaned closer and whispered into her ear. "Do you think they will notice if we don't show up for the reception?"

Tapiwa snorted and suppressed a laugh. "It would be pretty hard to miss," she told him, studying him from the corner of her eye. The guests were almost upon them with their congratulations, so she quickly asked, "Why do you want to run away from your own wedding?" 

Jadon smirked and winked at her. "I thought we could better celebrate it in private. Preferably on a bed." 

This time, Tapiwa did laugh even as her cheeks grew very warm, as well as other hidden places. Damn. The man was insatiable, and he had turned her into a crazy woman always hot for another round. Except, they hadn't been together for two days because Tapiwa's mother wanted to maintain some semblance of tradition. Yeah, that hadn't been fun and Tapiwa could suddenly see the merit in Jadon's idea to skin the reception even if it was their wedding.

However, she had to keep her response to herself until all the guests had hugged and wished them well. They finally had a moment alone as people moved to the other tent set up near the fountain with decorated tables and buffet tables for their meal. 

Tapiwa looked around, made sure no one was close enough to hear, then raised herself to her toes and whispered in his ear. "Seeing as I can't remember our first time together; I think you have to make our first time as a married couple pretty spectacular." 

A low growl vibrated out of Jadon's chest. "Damn, woman, you are killing me." Seeing as all the guests were up ahead of them near the tent, she grabbed her ass and pressed their bodies together with a very suggestive roll of his hips.

"You know what?"

"What?" Tapiwa asked almost breathlessly, her hands holding onto her husband's biceps. 

Jadon gave her a quick kiss before he said, "I don't care if the guests notice our absence. It's our wedding, we make the rules and my wife just said I needed to give her 'spectacular' I'm not about to disappoint." 

Tapiwa smiled, but before she could respond to that, Kaelo's voice behind them alerted them that they were not as alone as they might have assumed they were. 

"Please. Please. I beg you, take your wife to your room before you give us all a show." 

Laughter burst out of Jadon even as Tapiwa buried her burning face in his chest, but she was laughing, too. Then, in one swooping motion, Jadon had Tapiwa in his arms and he started for the house instead of the reception tent, much to Kaelo, Nicole, and Ezra's amusement. 

Tapiwa didn't mind. Her only concern was the man in whose arms she felt safe. Sensing a need to say the words they had only started whispering to each other a few weeks ago, she lifted her hand and capped his cheek. Jadon immediately stopped walking and stared down at her expectantly. 

Tapiwa smiled. "I love you now and I will love you forever." 

He took her left hand with the two rings now side by side on her finger and kissed them before pressing the hand to his chest right over his heart. "Now, forever, and always, baby."

The end.