
###chapter 1
*******
Trapped on a sentient island, Acacia is imprisoned in a castle that feeds her, clothes her—and impregnates her. With time running out before the birth, she must unravel a primal ritual binding her to a phantom captor. But escape is futile when the island itself conspires against her.
*******

**The whole book shall be written in Acacia Point of View only.

**Acacia Dawn Winters Point Of View**

Life is a maze; just follow it like your life depends on it, because it does.

I've heard this quote from when I was a kid and always wondered why we should struggle so much and run along to follow the course of it.

I've always been a slow person. Contrary to the quote, I always tried to make a slow paced life for myself to breathe it, live it and enjoy it.

I've always been a person who tried to live up to things that life threw against me and I was always happy to overcome them. I never run to keep up with the other's pace. I didn't ever try to solve a maze as soon as possible. I enjoyed it too.

I never run.

I walked through all my life.

But not now...

For the first time in my life, I felt anxious. I felt confused, clueless and lost.

I felt like I need to run. And this is the time I need to run.

I felt a weird electric sensation in my legs and itched to run as far from here as I can. But how can I?

I cannot leave from here.

I am stuck here for life, alone.

I looked around the place I am currently at and stumbled to get on my foot. How did I get here?

Where are others?

Where are my friends?

I yet again looked around the island I am currently standing on and tried to figure out what is happening with me.

There is nothing but trees and plants here.

How did I get here?

Are my friends pranking me?

"Ruby? Ruby where are you? I know you are trying to get me scared. Get out from you hiding place" I yelled loudly expecting a big laughter as an answer.

"Ruby?"

"Damien? Da...Damien?"

"Guys, where are you all hiding? I know you are planning to get me scared"

"Guys, get out from your cover."

"G - Guys. Damien! Carter! Anne! Ruby!" I called out their names.

I started getting anxious yet again and started running along the shores of the white sand beach trying to look for someone. Anyone.

I walked through the shore for more than two hours and found none. I am now confident that it's not a prank played on me by my friends. If it was, they should've revealed it by now but I see no one here at all.

Where are others?

I shook my head to recollect all the memories of the trip, our gang of friends were taking from past week.

It was Carter's idea to take a trip. He was always the one to push us on a travelling spree while I and Anne are lazy bugs of the group. No matter how much we like to travel, I and Anne would still choose to cozy up at home.

Damien, was the neutral one of us. Always the balanced one of us; contrary to his girlfriend, Ruby, who is downright the crazy one. A little extreme and extra she was.

From high school to sophomore of university, we've been a blast of a group even going for the same course of study. Architecture.

We took a direct flight from London to Chile to roam around and sometimes just get lost with wind. Being interested in Architecture can do that to a person. Your eyes are designed to see the art in everything.

Plaza De Armas was beautiful with it Baroque style. The statues there were so amazing and so beautiful that we had lots of pictures taken.

From there we travelled to Milodon Cave and by God, was it breathtaking! It was the most beautiful cave I've ever seen. It was so deep and there are varieties of new kind of animals you might not find in other places.

Art at its prime.

The trip was going so well with planned visits to nomadic approach to food. From land, air to sea, we were going for every means of delight.

Until -

Until we thought of going to Pantagonia to visit waterfalls and glaciers.

That was when it started.

We were travelling in a boat to the land of waterfalls, happily chatting, teasing each other, threatening to throw each other in the sea when something felt off.

One moment I was wrapped in the embrace of joy and in the next moment there was a weird sensation I experienced in the pit of my stomach.

It was a weird sensation that felt... ominous!

Like a predomination of a bad feeling.

I felt as if... like my soul and body was tearing apart and I was being summoned by a force that I couldn't see. My heart felt like it has a stake through it. Painful and deathly.

Goosebumps washed over my body and went stiff as the feeling only getting intensified every passing moment. Four pairs of eyes observed my sudden change in the mood and before I could tell them about it, something cold washed me down.

From there, my memory was a bit hazy. I fairly remember that I was getting faint and heard a loud crack before everything went blank.

Seeing how I found myself washed over by the shore of an island, unconscious and nearly dead, it was clear that the ominous feeling I felt was right.

Our ship was wrecked and I was the only one who was washed over to the present place. The forsaken island full of wild vegetation.

Oh dear heaven, my friends... did they survive like me?

I don't think anyone floated towards this island as it seems like I'm alone here. But how?

The so-assumed wreck took place in the middle of the sea so it's not possible for me to float all the way till here. And the odd thing is, my clothes are not all that wet.

It's not a sunny day that I conclude that perhaps my clothes and hair dried while I was unconscious. It's not possible too. And I feel alright.

Considering near death experience, I feel slightly weak but alright. Good enough that I spent two hours walk round the island shore.

What exactly is happening here?

Why am I alone on this island?

Tears rolled down my cheeks at the predicament I am in. I don't know where I am and how I reached here. I want to go back to my home, to my university and to my friends.

But how?

How can I go back from here? There is just water around here and no habitation anywhere. The land I currently standing on, is unused and un-discovered.

No traces of people or boats!

"ARGH!!!!" I bellowed in fright hearing the loud thunder sound.

I stumbled back at the sudden sound and fell down on the white sand, covering my face with my hands.

Parade of thunders struck in the dark clouded sky making me even more scared.

Seems like it's going to rain and I need to look for a shelter before I get fully drenched and die of hypothermia.

I looked around the vast wide shore and deep veil of tall trees lined up along the borders of the forest.

With another hard lightening, cold rain started to pour down with big hard drops, drenching me completely in mere seconds.

Shivering and stuttering with chattering teeth, I moved immediately towards the long bushy tree to protect myself from the cold attacks.

With every crash of cold swish of breeze, a cold chill started to strike deep into the spine.

I heard a loud animal cry from deep inside the forest making me choke into sobs. It was feral and sounded hungry.

Dangerously predatory, the growl was followed by another one and this time much more fiercely.

Sheesh! I was alive from a huge shipwreck accident only to be eaten raw by an animal?

Standing under a tree during a thunder storm is signing a death letter with a smile, so to avoid getting stuck by a lightening or roasted by fire, I looked around to find something safer to tuck my head in, seeing how the unsheltered shore and the shelter of trees are both currently joining hands to kill me either way.

With strings of curses, I rubbed my blurred eyes and walked around the twin trees to find something, a burrow a cave or something much safer.

The little warmth in my body slowly started to drain away. I can feel my lips chapped frozen. Slowly, I started to loose the grip over my body and the cold hell numbed every movement in me.

I was unable to move on my own. The eyes that were previously blurred by pouring rain started to loose its focus and my head started to give in; almost putting me into another sleep but this time, I'm sure I wouldn't wake up from it.

Crouching and hugging myself, my head leaned back against the tree trunk. My senses slowly started fail one after the other. Soon enough, my ears did not resonate the sounds of wind, waves and rain. My nose too cold and numb to smell anything, I did not feel my own skin.

The fuzzy parade of my brain continued to haze me into an eternal sleep. Few more seconds, I would be gone forever and I did not even have enough mind to say few last words for myself.

My eyes finally fluttered closed welcoming the torturing calm embracing me only to be broken with something that sounded like name.

"Acacia"




###chapter 2
**Acacia Dawn Winters Point of view**

Fear.

While some say fear can put limitations to oneself, fear can also destroy the light in a person.

My mind clogged me from comprehension, even the basic simple ones. I could taste the gaudy spice of death one minute and in another, there suddenly appeared a drop of elixir of life.

A hallucination or real, I don't know.

But it was the whisper of my name that jolted me back to life, enough to show that I'm not dead yet. Close, but not dead yet.

"Acaciaaaaa!"

Along the swish of wind and patter of rain, I heard it. A small yet loud enough to reach my ears, a whisper knocked some breathe into me.

My shivering body, still quivering at mercy of what brought me here, leaned forward to look around. It was hard moving my body considering I'm having a hardest day of my whole life.

Every possible thing on universe is hell bent of killing me for no good reason. Once, an accident; Twice, bad luck but this one day had me in the hell's cauldron for the third time.

Surely, there must be something wrong with me alive.

How I wish I have just enough strength to scoff at myself.

Using all the strength that current life support I have in me, I blinked my eyes to open them enough and look around. The trees, the rain, the muddied ground, everything was just the same as I remember before visiting the hell on a vacation few minutes ago.

"Acaciaaaaa!" Another spark of life was restored inside me when I heard it again. It was like the voice of winds that was calling out to me. A male-ish but filled with the roar of typhoon winds was how it sounded.

Like the storm, the wind has a voice of its own.

My heart raced miles per second with every whisper I hear. I was trying to think that all this was a dream. Hearing those whispers was a mere illusion. No, how can air call out for me?

This is absurd! Ridiculous!

Unless the strong sense of wanting to follow it wrapped around me. As if a spell was cast on me, like magic that was pulling me to it, my heart probed me, compelled me to follow it.

To gather all the strength I have and walk, run or even crawl to where the voice was coming from.

But my brain, it has always been the sanest of my entirety. It told me not to do so, as if dying in the rain was better and would do greater good to me than follow some freakish hallucination I'm having.

Telling me that I'm just hallucinating because of the entire wrecking ship incident.

"Yes. I'm just h- h-hallucinating. It's not real. Take a deep b-breath Acacia, it'll help you relax and think sane." I told myself with shuttering teeth and shivering body.

My body temperature is went down to Arctic once and rose back a little with few sparks of creepy whispers but was now going down again at high speed and anytime soon I'll be attacked by absolute decree of death for sure.

Having warning me enough, my brain started to succumb to my near end. It is not functioning much anymore. I feel dizzy and faint. Light like a feather; while the cold did not feel that aching to me anymore.

"Acaciaaa!" I breathed out loud having being resurrected out of my death trance again and this time, I could suddenly feel a little energy that came from adrenaline rush from waking up suddenly.

It was scary. I'm now beyond terrified.

"ARGH! ARGHHHHH" I cried out loudly hearing a close whisper of my name. It sounded close, almost near my ear. The hoarse male whisper brought a shiver through my spine.

"Who is it? Who is there?" Forgetting the chatter of my teeth, I gathered myself and attempted to stand up.

It's almost a supernatural task for me. I pressed my finger against the trunk of the tree, digging my nail into its cracks. Supporting my heavily wet body, I tried to stand up on my legs.

And I fell. The mud and rain water splatter all over me, some even into my nose and mouth, providing me with unnecessary hydration in the wrong time.

Trying again, my legs failed me again for second, third and for the seventh time. A couple more attempts later, I did stood up, with some support.

The constant whispers that did not cease were the only reason I found the energy to get up. The feeling of being in greater danger than the storm posed on me came back with thunders and lightening.

I have always been a thinker. I think and think a lot. I act after only after over thinking myself but one thing that I'm robbed off from the moment I was washed over here was the time and ability to think over things.

Every single thing, natural or otherwise posed a great difficulty to my rational side.

I act unlike me already and it has only been half a day on this land of eerie terrain. And so I went with the new change and flowed with the current of it.

I inhaled, gathered little energy and started to run. Away or to whatever it is, doesn't matter anymore.

Stick in its ass, whatever it is, I decided not wanting to be a part of possible hallucinations caused by near death trauma or the supposed ghost lot that are conquering the land I'm standing on.

I ran, first on to the shore where the waves crashed violently, chasing me back into the hub of forest.

I took the hint and so I ran towards the opposite side. Into the forest that I haven't ventured into completely!

My steps faltered over obstacles that small rocks, large tree roots that spread across and slippery ground. I struggled, crawled up again to my feet, sometimes even crawled my way through the irregular wild line of trees.

Breathing heavily, my pace slowed down as I started to walk given all the splinters and bruises all over my skin that is exposed.

"Acacia" And there it is again.

"I know, I heard it. I heard my name. Who are you? A ghost?" I shouted out; foolish I know to expect an answer.

"Are you a ghost? For your safety, I hope you are one because if you turned out to be one with blood and flesh then so God help me I will drain out your blood and flesh you out in parts in all the butcher shops across the country." I grumbled angrily but in a smaller voice. I'm equally scared, to be honest.

All though robbed off with the ability to think better, I'm not a fool to enrage a possible ghost to make things worse.

"Acaciaaaa!" This time I heard it from the my right as if it is leading me somewhere.

Is the voice really leading me somewhere? I don't know but the urge to follow it is increasing every moment inside me.

Is it safe to follow it?

What if I walk into something where I'm lured to be a sacrifice of some sort? I mean horror movies I watched so far has been great help with my current thought process.

I didn't move for a while. I allowed rain to drench me further and send an army of chills down my whole body but I was scared to move.

Terrified that whatever it is that just pulled me back from my death is something more dangerous that it would inflict me with death every living moment.

My heart is no better; it pounded fast inside my chest telling me, showing me how horrified I am.

The feeling to follow amplified when another whisper ran in my ears and this time, it sounded a little too closer than before.

Despite my better judgment, this time I followed it. Not completely out of my will but the need to follow it has taken over the better parts of my senses.

The fright I was feeling towards the whisper was taken advantage of the sheer force that was calling me in the first place as it turned my fear into following it for better something I did not understand.

And so I was entranced to follow it. I walked through the thick parts of the forest not failing to see the trails of possible inhabitation that was now unused for seemingly a very long time.

At the foot of a hill, the trails of past habitation showed clearly and this time without any ghostly whispers to lead me, I know what to follow.

The hill was a rocky elevation helping me with several tripping and falling downs. It was not easy to climb a hill and with little to no energy, I almost surprised myself when I toughed it up almost to the top of it.

Of course, it includes skidding down three times and having to climb again and again but what felt like hours of incessant walking, I was now standing before the definition of my fear.

A castle.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

So, what do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

This book will be in a little slow pace with better description of things than in other books because it is necessary. Hope you bear with it.

Was Acacia hallucinating or was she really hearing someone calling out for her?

If so, who is it? How does they know her and why calling out for her?

What is the issue with that island? Is it haunted?

Why is Acacia pulled out from her near death only to lead her to a castle?

Why in the first place is there a castle in an abandoned island?

What awaits Acacia now?




###chapter 3
**Acacia Point of View**

An extravagantly large castle stood on the top of the hill; before me.

With a touch of ghostly appearance and danger oozing out of every brick of the establishment, it puzzled me. As lavish as it may look, it looked unused. Currently, at least.

There is no sign of habitation or a breath of life in and around it. The long stretch of runway was covered with overgrown bushes and weeds. The porch looked thoroughly unattended and the fountain is filled with the plankton made of green algae.

The castle in question stood tall and proud, only, it did not give out the light of life. It looked gloomy and borderline haunted.

That moment, when I realized that the voice that was calling out for me might be as much real as a castle that stood before me, my heart sunk in dread.

The rain, the weakness in my body, the near death condition I was currently in, all was forgotten for a moment. My body started to shake not with cold but with fear.

Raw immeasurable fear!

Panic crawled its way inside me slowly as if it was playing a game with me. My eyes started to blink down tears when a sudden thought came to my mind.

Was everything that happened was to lure me here?

I knew, I knew it was rubbish thought that my over-thinking brain came up with but I also knew the probability of being it right is high as well.

No, no, this is just my mind playing tricks.

A trauma can do that to people. Of course I've seen Mrs. Lockwood's son suffering from paranoia after losing his twin in a bike accident.

This is just when I am being paranoid. That's it.

After convincing myself about my obvious condition, I turned around to leave the place and rather die in the rain when a huge bolt of lightning struck down on east side of the woods.

That made me jump and yelp in alarm. From the top of the hill where most of the island is clearly seen, the lightening caused wild fire and it is spreading at a very frightening rate.

The rain is still heavy and the woods are soaking wet so how the fire is spreading at such an alarming rate was terrifying.

Turning to the ominous castle that stood before me, I contemplated. Looking between the wild suspicious fire and ghostly castle, I knew I had to make my choice soon.

It would be either walking into the fire and become ash or taking the benefit of doubt and walk into the castle which might as well kill me.

"This is not the time to be my usual curious self but -" I mumbled to myself when the fire installed a deep painful fear inside me.

When a possible shelter was standing before me, a small spark of wanting to live suddenly beat in my heart.

So I did what I thought should not do. With every aching and protesting muscle inside me, I took small steps towards the establishment that made silent promises of something unknown.

Despite the unkempt lawn, I noticed as I walk towards the building that it was actually neat. Muddy, due to rainstorm but still it was somehow, somewhat looked maintained which doesn't make sense.

As I walked closer, I was able to see more of the castle that is becoming clear to me. It was very large, like a palace of some royalty back in tenth or eleventh centuries. One can say that it may contain hundreds of rooms seeing how far the establishment spread in the back.

Once on the porch, under the roof protecting me from the rain, I turned around and realized that there was a huge wall surrounding the premises and the gates were closed tightly. Beside the gates was a small breach on the wall enough to fit a large bulldozer like person and through which I walked in.

The main door was tall, several feet high and looked too heavy to open. With hesitant steps, I stood before the closed door, contemplating again if I'm doing the right thing or not.

If danger has a figure, then this castle can be its father.

Taking a deep breath, attempting to calm my pounding heart and wayward working mind, I placed my hands on the cold doorknob rings that hung from dragon mouth carvings.

Instead of pushing the doors open, I decided to knock the door with the heavy ring knob. With a consideration that there might still be residents in this place, I spent the next fifteen minutes in knocking the door both expecting and not expecting anyone to open it.

When I did not hear any sound from the other side and when even after knocking the door for fifteen minutes and having it unanswered, I finally heaved heavily before pushing the door to open it.

As expected, my puny human strength wasn't meant to open such metallic demonic door of such size and weight.

"Hello." I called out struggling to push the doors again. "Hello."

I called out for someone, anyone in hope to receive help. With no luck in help, I placed both my hands on one door and pushed it with a loud grunt.

And it squeaked open, a little.

Having no much energy to push the door anymore, I squeezed inside from the little opening with raging breaths.

"Hello," I called out softly in fear. I blinked when all I can see was dark and only pitch dark.

There was no light and seeing how the sky is now gowned with heavily grey clouds, the situation with light did not help me.

It was a pit of darkness.

"Hello, anybody there?" Living or dead, one can easily tell how scared I was by the shiver in my voice. I could literally feel the vice of death wanting to strangle my neck.

"I- I'm Acacia and I'm... lost." I said waiting for any sound of possible occupant. I held the metal doorknob tightly as I waited for a while to receive an answer.

When I heard none, I didn't know what to do further anymore. Because for one, there is no light to show me the path that would lead me in.

As the sky heard my thought, a roaring lightening struck illuminating what contains inside for a couple seconds. At the first lightening, I was too scared to notice anything but in the later series, I was able to catch the brief glances of basic things.

The staircase for example, I noted that the stair case is located far corner in the large hall and the castle is a seven storied one. There was a table drawer at the foot of the staircase to side on which what seemed to be a candle was standing on the candle stand.

Grasping the basic things I noticed, I slowly started to walk towards the staircase. I took every step carefully, waving my hands around to know if there was something in the way.

With every cautious step, I felt the panic wrapping my pounding heart like a vice. Several minutes of walking, my hands finally hit with the edge of the table which supposedly I was trying to find.

Touching the surface of the table, I tapped it loudly and finally found what I wanted to. Once I took hold of the candle, I felt moved my hands towards the drawers to look for matchsticks or lighter to light up the candle.

The two drawers were filled with many things expect for the things I was looking for. I felt every item stored in the drawers but nothing seemed like a lighter or a matchbox. It was only when I resumed to search again when I realized what the cylindrical stick I pushed away earlier.

It was a fire stick. A baton to light fire.

Taking it out hurriedly, I shook the fire baton. A few shakes later, it fire finally sprang up making me sigh in relief.

In did not waste my time in lighting up the candle in my hand fearing that the fire stick would soon snuff the fire out. Once the candle is lit, I snuffed the fire stick and carried the candle and the fire stick with me.

Lifting the candle, I waited till the light is shed around. The castle, the hall is so big that one candle is not enough.

"Are you sure there is no one here and I can use the building for a while?" I called out again wishing not to be a shameless intruder stupid enough to sneak into danger.

One final clarification needed that there was indeed no one using the building and I got it. There were several table by the wall around the hall and I went to light them up not wanting to die out of fear for dark.

When most of the candles in the hall were lit, the candle which was in my hand fell down when I finally took at look at how the castle looked from inside.

It looked freaking neat without even a speck of dust.

And so the already sky reached fear crossed its boundaries.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

So, what do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Is it too dragged? A note, this the first book of the duology and the whole book will have only one character and that is Acacia. It's a challenging task enough to write this book given its genre and the story but running the whole thing with just one character is getting me insane.

The story will be a lot more descriptive and slower than my other books but the story will surely bind you to your chair.

Acacia took the chance of going into the castle for shelter despite the feeling of danger she tried to deny.

Who or what lead Acacia towards the castle?

Was it to save her life for good or bad?

Why is the place is unoccupied by anyone but still kept tidy? Is it possible?

Will Acacia die of heart ache which she is sheltered in that castle?



###chapter 4
**Acacia Point of View**

The castle was much larger from inside than outside.

The roof was adorned by a large chandelier hanging down in the middle of the gigantic main hall. Smaller chandeliers were hung around the large one with few meters of space like a bud surrounded by petals.

Unlike the normal setup with electrical lightings, this was more like a medieval systems with place allotted for candles and surprisingly, there are well shaped crystal chips around the candle stand to illuminate the light well.

From the limited yet the better lighting, I noticed that the cold stone walls are decorated with several painting which one could only find in museum nowadays because these painting cannot be from this era.

I walked to take a closer look at the paintings and sighed as the warmth of soft and rich carpets soothed my feet. I almost groaned in pleasure when my achingly cold feet are now treated by warm carpets. The whole floor, stairs are covered with carpets made of some rich animal skin and one look at them, I can say each of them can cost thousands of dollars.

As a student of Architecture, the design and the layout of this palatial mansion is like a treat to me. On closer look, I realized that the paintings were that of sceneries that I have never seen anywhere.

Not even in internet.

They were like landmarks of some fictional place with a pinch of fantasy in it and it felt so real as if the painter has seen it with his own eyes.

The places in those paintings felt... alive.

But that wasn't much of a surprise because what stunned me most and terrified me out of my skin was how squeaky clean the place was kept.

It was almost like the place is maintained by hundreds of people, cleaning and managing every day.

Somebody definitely lives here.

"Whoever lives here, may I please have a word with you? Hello?" As usual, my call was met with only silence. It was too quite that other than the sounds of storm and my own breathing, there is nothing I heard.

Even the sound of my breathing felt loud that I swear I could hear the echo of it.

"Please." This time my voice trembled in plea.

At that point, I suddenly couldn't comprehend if being alone here was better or supposedly having a creepy companion that is not seen yet.

Cold, wet and shivering, I waited for a few minutes to see if someone would make an appearance claiming to be the owner but nothing of such happened. When I understood that perhaps I was the only one there, at least for tonight, I hesitantly walked to the stairs.

I stairs spiraled in one length all way to the last story, only having a small interval on each story. From below, one could not see the intervals at all making it look like the whole building is leaning on the staircase in a very beautiful way.

It was amazingly done almost giving the whole thing an optical illusion.

The first story itself has five hallways including three wings and the whole floor nearly has fourteen rooms and none of them are bedrooms. Most of them are study rooms, more like office rooms from Middle Ages only; these rooms are well equipped and maintained with sophistication.

I did not bother to checkout every room giving my freezing condition, I hastily moved to the second floor and thankfully, the first room I opened is a bedroom.

"Thank God." I sighed in relief and walked into the large bedroom. The room was so big with one king sized bed in the middle of the room with nightstands on either side of it. Two candles on each table are readily available and I wasted no time in lilting them.

Carrying the candle with me around the room, I noticed three doors other than the entrance door. One opened to another room connecting with the present one. The second which was beside the extravagant vanity was a bathroom and the third one was a walk-in closet that contains female dresses, more like long gowns.

There are like hundreds of gowns, simple ones, moderate ones, lavish evening gowns, soft and comfortable night gowns and warm cloaks. You name it and you can find it here. But the fashion itself looks like a few eras past although every dress seems very much new and fresh.

"Let's change first before worrying about other things." I told myself as picked what looked like a warm nice night gown and a fluffy towel.

"To whomever these belong to, excuse me for using them without permission." I said loudly to no one in particular and walked into the bathroom to change.

My idea was to just wipe my body and change given the rain has already showered me enough. But what I saw in front of me faltered my steps and I had to take the support of wall to stand still.

In the huge bathroom, in the stone-made bathtub that was sitting in the far end, was steaming water which I would like to think waiting for me. The steam were coming out warming the bathroom and the hot vapors was masking everything around the bathtub.

To say I nearly peed in my pants was definitely an understatement. If this isn't creepy as hell, then I don't know what is.

I was the only one in the room from the past few minutes and when I checkout the bathroom earlier, everything was just normal. Now I see that the tub was filled with hot water with a bathing sponge and bathing aid beside it.

My breath hitched at the mere sight of it. It was not possible. For hot water to appear out of nowhere is not possible. For the possibility that it might be for me is not possible.

Without waiting, I raced down the stairs to get of the damned mansion. At that moment, I don't even want to think if it was the work of a possible living companion or even more, dead.

My steps were fast enough to take me to the main door in mere seconds. Reaching the main door, The large heavy goodness has nothing to hold to open from inside. No bolt, no knob or nothing. The door which I left open was now closed and I don't even want to know how it happened.

For one, I know that no matter how strong the winds are, they are not strong enough to close a door such heavy.

"Oh no no no." I tried to wiggle my finger in the small space between the close door but even I know I'm trying something impossible. The large windows were shut and when I tried to push and pull, they did not even budge. Either they are locked from out or the windows are just for show.

"I know I'm not alone here. Who are you? What do you want from me?" I cried out as tears poured down my eyes.

Spasm of rush took over me as the need to get the hell out of this place sat on my mind and heart so heavily that I started to hyperventilate.

"Please. If there is someone please show yourself." I fell on my knees and called out as the tears rushed out of me like a stream.

"No, no, I should get out of here. I should get out now." I raced to all the room on the first floor to see if there is any possible exit but as expected, the windows were closed shut with no possible locks I could see.

The entranced hall is attached to several rooms and none of them had another exit door.

"The kitchen. If there is a kitchen in this place, it would definitely have a back door." I mumbled to myself and ran to back of entrance hall where a possible dining room and kitchen might be situated. Lucky enough I did find a kitchen with a back door which was closed and possibly locked from outside.

Although the back door was small, it was made of some kind of hard metal that no matter with what I tried to break it, it wouldn't budge at the least.

Stuck and afraid, I leaned over the back door and slid down. Wrapping my hands around my legs, I hugged myself as I cried.

What is happening to me? Why is it happening to me?

First the accident and then this. I don't even know if my friends are alright or not.

If they are found, if someone found me missing, one day would they come here to search for me?

Will I ever be able to escape from this place? What if I couldn't?

If only this was just a very long nightmare.

If only -

My body finally gave in and with the last prayer to the heaven to help me escape, I was finally enveloped by the darkness.

My eyes felt heavy and body light. I didn't even know if I fainted or merely dozed off from exhaustion but there was only one thing I was wishing for before I was completely swallowed by sleep.

If only this was just a nightmare!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think of the ###chapter? Good?

Is the story getting interesting and edge?

Who or what was after Acacia?

What was helping Acacia and why? 

Is Acacia coming to the island a pre-planned thing? If so, who would do that?

If the whole island is empty, who is maintaining the castle and who prepared bath for her?

With the fright she is going through, will she live another day to see the sun?


###chapter 5
**Acacia Point of View**

Irony of life...

Sometimes, living is no less than hell and dying is no better than paradise.

As unpredictable as it can get, the whole cycle of life and death has always been too leveled.

I was born in an ordinary family of four; mom, dad, I and my younger brother. Dad was a normal bank employee and mom was an insurance agent and my little brother was in seventh grade. Nothing ever was out of ordinary for me. My life was...

Leveled.

Has always been leveled. No great joy nor there was a deep wound. But then it has all come down with just one accident in the middle of the ocean.

I should've died the very day in the very shipwreck. When I found myself on the shores of an island alive, I was hoping to live until I get back to where I came from. Not only did that not happen, life has shown me the flicker of hope blinking every now and then and when I was finally setting to see a little hope that life presented me, it snubbed the light out and crushed me with a horrible death.

Died of heart ache and fear.

The memories of moments before my death were still vivid. I remember every single thing I saw, I felt and I suffered before my life finally gave in.

Although, once death embraced me, I start to feel light and free. I'm not cold and shivering anymore. I'm not scared anymore. I'm not in pain and I'm not overly thinking anymore.

I just felt... so comfortable. As if I'm currently wrapped in warmest of the satin sheets and put to a much needed good sleep.

Am I waiting for my turn to get punished or rewarded before sent to reincarnate? I don't know. But this moment, right this minute, I couldn't feel more relaxed given how traumatized my days before death was.

I snuggled more into what was giving me warmth and hummed in bliss. The satin like feathers I was feeling around me notified me that the feeling might not be just my imagination.

What felt like a dream or reality of a just dead and wandering soul in sleep started to get more real.

My hands wandered around still in the state of partly unconscious and immediately felt bed sheets under me and one on me. My eyes still closed and brain still refusing to work, I was still weighing the option of still being dead until my wandering hands met with a table and something on it fell down with a loud clank.

With a gasp, my eyes flew open and I woke up with a startled cry. Looking beside me, what dropped down and fell was a silver spoon and one the night stand sat a small tray with a big cup steam coming out of it.

Confused, I looked around to see what was going on and where in the hell I am. I was sitting on a very large king sized bed which is very fluffy and soft that the place I sat dipped inside pretty deep. Looking around, the room looked similar to the one I thought on staying, only, this is much bigger and grand.

My heart dropped when I realized I was not in my wet jeans and top anymore. I was in one of the night gowns I saw in the other room.

Hurrying to my feet, I ran to the large window situated beside the vanity table and looked out of the glass. The view outside the glass was what I'm very familiar with. It was the very island I was stuck on.

So I am not dead. Not even close it seems.

The very realization stuck fear inside me. If I wasn't dead; just say since I'm still alive, who brought me to this room?

Who changed my clothes?

Touching the gown I was currently wearing, the long sleeves were good to protect my hands from chilling climate. My long hair fell down my back loosely and few stranded in the front. Some kind of mixed flowers and type of oriental medicine smell was coming from my hair and it actually smelt really good.

Walking to the huge mirror on the vanity table, I found my face which should be painted in dirt, mud and all the filth I stumbled into was now clean. There was no hint of dirt on me anywhere.

As if I was bathed.

Or I was bathed; only I don't remember doing it myself.

If I did not do it then who can? If someone did do it for me, then it is very clear that I'm not the only one on this island.

"Why would someone help me? If this is even considered a help." I wondered out loud.

Surprisingly, although I'm still scared, I also feel a tad bit alright. It must be due to the near death incidents from past couple of days but now that I'm thinking over everything, a few pieces of the puzzle are getting clear now.

One, I'm supposedly not alone on this island.

Two, whoever it is that is staying here apart from me, they don't want me dead.

Three, For some reason, they want me here in this castle.

Four, all my necessities are provided and I still don't know who was doing them and how they are doing without being found by me.

Walking over to the nightstand, I saw dark colored liquid in the cup and by the steam coming out of it. It is still hot and I don't know how it maintained the temperature when the climate is extremely cold.

Hot chocolate.

For a minute, I hesitated if I should drink it or not but given that I'm still alive says the different story. Whatever happened to me after I lost consciousness, I strangely feel less jumpy today.

That does not mean I'm not scared and creeped out; although I'm being more cautious than before, something told me that it's not my time to die.

Something or someone is looking out for me for whatever evil reasons that is.

Chugging down the hot liquid in big sips, I decided that I should live now. Live and go back to my home again and to do so, I have to get away from this place.

If I were to escape this place, I need to know about this place. One thing is clear, something is doing its best to keep me here and as mysterious and dangerous it looks, I will have to try my best to escape no matter what.

After all, I should try my theories first to do what I need to.

With new found feeling that is in the middle of fear, determination, foolishness and defeat, I found a closet room inside the room I was currently in.

As expected, there are hundreds of dressed of my size. Picking out a day gown and a towel, I went into the bathroom to have a shower before I see what I could do to get out of here.

Again, the bathtub was filled with hot water beside which bathing aid was placed just like the other night.

My steps faltered for a moment as took a shaky breath. The mere thought that all this was arranged for me without my notice increased the fright I tried to hide.

No matter how many times I come across these incidents, my fear only seems to increase every time and the little relaxing moment I had after waking up soon washed away.

I had to gulp down the tears that were right in my eyes ready to roll down. Fear is not the right word for the amount of terror I have been facing from the other night.

Taking a long breath, I brushed my teeth which not surprisingly was provided to me, did my morning rituals, I got out of my gown and slipped into the bathtub. Relaxing my muscles for few minutes, I soon used the bathing aid that was provided and completed the ritual.

Getting dressed, when I got out of the bathroom, I almost tripped over my own leg and almost fell down if I wasn't holding the table standing beside the bathroom door.

The tea table which was in the middle of the room is now occupied with a very large tray of steaming breakfast of different varieties and a glass of light green colored juice.

Walking to the table, breakfast was not the only think that I observed. There was something else that I remember seeing before.

The cutlery and the tray have one common thing. A symbol of some kind, maybe like a brand or something I don't know but now that remember, I saw the same symbol on the door and other objects I came across in the castle.

But wait, this is not the only place I saw this symbol. I know I saw it somewhere else before coming to this island.

Where?

I almost gave up after trying for fifteen minutes but then I finally got it. I knew where I saw it before.

The ship.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good? Interesting?

Acacia, who was from an ordinary life, sure got herself into out of ordinary situations.

Why do you think that Acacia was there on the island in the first place.

Who brought her there and who is helping her?

Who is taking care of her from shadows when the island is clearly not inhabited by anyone.

What kind of life is waiting for Acacia now?

Will she succeed in escaping the place with new found determination?



###chapter 6
**Acacia Point of View**

It was a fire torch surrounded by wind like swirls and above the fire was a bird flying freely with its wings spread open.

This emblem was carved on almost everything in this castle and I have never seen such a symbol before. Being an aspiring architecture, I dabbled into several subjects, history and mythology being my favorite. They not only educated me with the lifestyle of different time periods but they also gave a good lesson of different styles of architecture.

Over years of reading almost all the books I got hands on about the past reigns, the Vikings, the tribes and the crests they left behind but I don't remember even seeing something like this.

I bent down and took hold of the empty plate that was arranged to serve a portion of food for myself and scrutinized the emblem that sat in the middle of the plate.

What does this represent?

Every symbol has some meaning and sentiments attached to it then what does a fire torch surrounded by wind swirls and a bird flying above it?

My hands shook when a sudden realization dawned unto me. I clearly remember the ship I and my friends has the same emblem on it and if what I remembered was correct then -

My mind spun with different theories and thoughts as I tried to think back to the symbol on the ship. Reeling through the whole scenario of that day, I vividly remember seeing the same emblem on the either side of the ship.

I shook my head trying to remember it again as paranoia can make you see what you want to but no matter how many times I go back to that day, I see the same thing all the time.

I know because I remember looking at the emblem on the ship for two minutes as I admired it.

If so then -

Then the shipwreck maybe orchestrated?

But that's not possible. It doesn't make sense.

No, I'm just putting two baseless theories into one calculation. Yes. There is no way that the shipwreck was preplanned and I happened to find myself alive on the same island that the users of the said emblem used to live.

It's a coincidence.

An accident is called an accident because it happens suddenly without any reason.

Shaking my head, I discarded the impossible thoughts raking my mind. With shaky hands, I put the plate on the table and took a gulp of water to calm myself down.

One thing is for sure, even though I'm supposedly not hurt by my invisible captor, I am not safe.

Not for a long time.

Dressing up warmly, I served myself some healthy amount of breakfast in a plate. I took the first bite of freshly made croissant and hummed in delight when the warm goodness settled in my stomach.

How many days has it been since I ate something?

Taking big hungry bites, I finished two cream croissants and a sandwich. While having another sandwich, I walked to the glass window and looked out. Looks like the rain stopped long ago and the sky is clear although not sunny.

At least the climate is much better than the other night.

I rattled the windows to try my luck but they as expected they don't open. A tear rolled down my eyes as I gulped down my frustration, my anger and my fear.

There is no use if I let my overdriven emotions to take charge. If I am to escape this place, I need to take my time, scan everything either to know who my captor is why he is keeping me here while he is hidden all the time or a possible dog hole to squeeze myself out.

With decision made, I completed having breakfast in the next ten minutes and walked out of the room I was kept in. Thankfully, the door to my room is not locked.

Taking slow cautious steps down the hallway, I bent down the iron railing to see how high up I'm on. Counting down the floor, I realized I'm on the eighth story which is the highest floor of this castle.

Walking around the same floor, I saw that there are only four rooms on the whole floor; two bedchambers and two study rooms. All the four rooms looked like they are meant for royalty.

One level down on the seventh floor, I found several rooms with the doors engraved with the same emblem although the bedchambers on this floor were much casual than those above.

By this time I'm not much worried about how clean every room and every inch of the castle is. It's as if hundreds of people are living here when I know it's not possible at all.

Forgoing my quest to look around, I climbed down the stairs to the main hall towards the kitchen. Walking inside slowly, I glanced around one of the largest kitchens I've ever seen in my life. To be honest, even five star restaurants dimmed at the size; only, there is no hint of electrical appliances here.

Now that I come to think of it, there is no hint of electricity anywhere. Everything is so old school. Almost like this island is still living in tenth century or eleventh century.

Forget about appliances, there is no clock or anything that can show what time of the day it is. I don't even have my phone here considering I woke up on the island with nothing but my clothes on me.

Only God should know where and what this place is.

Getting my focus back to the kitchen I'm standing in, I saw there is a very large stone hearth is sitting on one side with several large vessels sitting on it. Towards the closed backdoor are baskets of fresh vegetables and variety of fruits. There were selves with arranged vessels that are used for cooking.

Another surprise for the day, there is no smell of any food prepared here nor there is no hint of the kitchen being used. It's not about how tidy it is kept, the whole kitchen felt cold.

Sighing at how strange just everything is, I opened a large wooden chest that was sitting near me. The lid was so damn heavy that I had to use both my hands to push it back. Inside it, there are several canisters.

Picking one on the top, the lid comes out easily and inside it is white fluffy looking thing. One whiff of it, I know what it is. Cheese!

There are canisters for animal fat, few spices, almonds and other dry fruits which were once considered very valuable at one time in medieval period.

Another trunk of canisters is filled with several munching food like sugared fruits, fruit pies, edible raw cheese, pickled vegetables. Everything just looked so mouth watering.

There were heaps of food and fresh ingredients that just a mere glance at them made me hungry again.

Leaving the place, I walked to one of the libraries I found the other day. Columns of shelves, rows of hundreds of books all looking thick and old-ish.

I could smell the old scent on books and I really love the smell. With handy mobiles and ebook facilities, I used to miss the odor of books when I started to laptop.

Taking a huge whiff of books smell, I strolled through the lanes of shelves looking for something to read and again, to my surprise, the books are in a language I don't know.

It's not just the books are written simple in some other language, the script was something very basic and primal.

Putting the book back in its place, I climbed the small stool that was beside me to check the upper shelves to see if I can find something... readable.

I'm determined to know what and who is keeping me here. The history of this island and the castle might help me but no matter what, the books were all in some other unknown language.

How I wish I could understand this script.

Disappointed, I looked around for a while to find something understandable. A few minutes later, my eyes caught a book with a painting of the island I'm on.

Climbing on the stool, I reached my hand for the book. When it is still a head above my reach, I stood on my tiptoes and held my breath in an attempt reach the book.

Gritting my teeth, I tried again. By the end of three minutes of trying, my toes and feet started to ache.

"Let's try one last time." Saying that to myself, I stood on my tiptoes and reached out my hand again. I was already standing on the edge, one more inch forward; I can fall down and easily sprain myself.

I was almost touching the book when the stool shook and before I could use my reflexes, the stool slipped from beneath and I'm already in air taking the fall.

I closed my eyes shut expecting to hit hard floor. I almost prepared myself to be bedridden for a week, only, I was proved wrong when I fell on something soft.

Opening my eyes, I saw what was under me.

An assemble of pillows that were clearly not there a moment ago!
**
~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

I know that story is going on a very boring note but please bear with me.

What do you think about the ###chapter?

Anyone have any idea what is going on with Acacia in that castle?

What does the emblem stand for?

Who were the people that used to live in this castle that still used old means in everything?

If the shipwreck was orchestrated. then why would someone do it?

For Acacia? if so, for what reason?

Why is she so important?


###chapter 7
**Acacia Point of View**

Frightening is not the right word to describe my recent experience. It doesn't even hold a candle.

The more I try to look past the strange incidents happening to me, around me as mere coincidence or my active imagination, the more these incidents are knocking me down with a certain reality.

Is this castle haunted? That was the most recurring thought plaguing my mind from the minute I stepped inside. Time and again, my thought was only fueled by obvious proofs.

Still shaking in fright, I caught one of the pillows that cushioned me from the fall and hugged it tightly as if it could keep me safe.

"Wh- who is it?" I asked in a mere whisper meekly and for some reason I'm sure this would reach the intended ears.

Because for sure I know that despite assuming to be the only one present in this whole mansion I am being watched. Every second and minute!

By who? I have no idea.

Why? This is something I don't want to know. Seeing how everything here is driving me crazy, I can tell that ignorance, in this issue, is better.

"Why did you lock me here and why do you keep saving me?" Gathering a little courage from the frustration I'm feeling, I called out for whoever it was playing with me.

While there was no response as expected, there was nothing that could indicate me that someone was indeed present here. In the silence of haunting roar, except for my shaky breath, nothing could be heard.

"I know there is someone here. Please let me go. I want to go home, to my family and friends." I felt like a moron to be shouting at nothing. I was a moron to expect some kind of response since whoever this person is, he is determined to drive me crazy.

At this point, I cannot even tell what is real or what just a fragment of my imagination is.

"Of course. Of course I will never get an answer." I scoffed at myself as I wiped away my tears. I'm not really a coward but I don't come under a brave team too. But here, the more I stay the more cowardly and helpless I'm feeling.

Having no energy for further exploration, I stood on my shaky legs and proceeded to the room I woke up in. I was tired; both physically and emotionally.

As I stepped in my bedchamber, heaps of scrumptious food was already waiting for me. Warm and freshly cooked food would always be welcomed if I weren't in a fix.

I'm in no mood to eat. My hunger suddenly died.

Taking my eyes away from the table where food was waiting for me, I climbed the bed and covered myself in quilt. Closing my eyes, I reeled through everything that has happened to me from the moment the ship wrecked, in hopes to find something useful.

No matter how many times I remember those incidents, I could not find how exactly I reached this island. I should've at least have memories of sinking in the sea, but I have nothing of such.

As the thoughts invaded my mind again and again like flies, I slowly drifted into sleep with one last thought before I completely went out.

Will I ever escape this place?

By the time I woke up from my nap, it was already early hours of evening. The sun was yet to set in a couple of hours.

Although I was feeling slightly hungry after waking up from my afternoon nap, I was still in no mood to eat. I couldn't eat anything anymore.

Locked in this damned place, all the windows closed with no way out, I'm slowly getting suffocated. My emotional health was unstable as well fueling the suffocation even more.

The next three days went by with me not eating anything provided to me. Every morning, noon and evening, steaming scrumptious food would be waiting for me but I never touched them. I kept myself in the bedroom worrying myself over many things.

I was so done with this. Call me stubborn but I rather die of hunger than stay here locked and suffocated.

The more I spent time inside, the more my lungs felt constricted. It was starting to get unbearable.

In the night when I yet again slept with an empty stomach, weak and drained, I was sure I would not wake up for days at least. Not only I fed my body, added to my emotional state and mentally drained, my body would go into coma for days.

Only, the next morning, I woke up as usual. I know that because the whole night I was attacked by nightmares and hardly had any sleep.

Sighing weakly, I lazily sat up and leaned against the headboard. Like every morning, a large mug of hot chocolate was sitting on the nightstand. Even though I left it untouched for the past few days, the food keeps waiting for me.

I almost gave up touching it again, but when coldness touched my skin, I instinctively reached my hand for the mug.

I held the mug tightly, taking warmth from it. When yet another swish of cold wind hit me, I turned to see where it was coming from only to see the window of my room wide open.

My eyes widened in surprise at what I saw. Keeping the mug back on the nightstand, I stumbled over to the window.

At first I thought the lack of food has been a great boost in my imagination but the biting cold is clear evidence to say otherwise.

A laugh broke out of my lips as I slowly inhaled the fresh air. Although cold, the air sparked life inside me. The past suffocation was now getting well treated.

Smiling for the first time after coming here, I did not let any unwanted thoughts invade my mind just for few minutes. I want to enjoy the feeling for a while without any depressing thoughts.

Walking back to the nightstand, I grabbed the hot chocolate mug and walked back to window as I took a sip of warm goodness.

Cold air and hot drink, I felt alive.

In less than a minute, I emptied the whole content in the mug and placed it back on the table. Leaning against the windowsill I closed my eyes and relished the feeling of a little freedom I tasted.

Few minutes of enjoying fresh air, I walked to the bathroom to have a bath. My legs skipped a little at the thought of having some food after days of starving myself.

The one who locked me here must've heard my cry from heart. This little thing was enough for now to have a hope to live.

Taking a long hot bath, I got dressed in another morning gowns from the closet and tied my hair in a high pony before walking out.

Like always, breakfast is waiting for me to devour on the table. I did not waste any time and gobbled it down in mere few minutes. Unlike the other days, I did not have any leftovers on the plate.

I ran down to see if the main door is open too. Running down the stairs as fast as an express train, I stopped before the huge pair of heavy closed doors.

Sighing in disappointment, I turned back to resume the exploration. At least the window in my room was open.

As I stopped on the fourth floor, I walked to the first room on the left when I found a dark lavender color cloak hanging on a chair on the hallway.

Assuming to be hanged there for my use, I wrapped it around myself and pushed door after door to see what is held inside.

Tired from moving around such a huge castle, I had a heavy dinner and soon went to bed. The day went better than those in the past. It felt like one of the invisible ropes around me has loosened slightly.

Slightly past midnight, I was half awake and half asleep when I started to feel thirsty. Not wanting to wake up, I attempted to sleep again.

Thirst only increased in the next few minutes and I lazily opened my eyes. Half my the way when my eyes opened, In the dark with only one candle burning through the night, I knew I saw it.

It was just a fleeting moment but I saw it. Black and transparent, something seemed to move before me.

Like one with air, by the time I opened my eyes fully, it completely disappeared and to see that the door to my room is closed from the inside, it was impossible.

For a moment, I thought that it was small flicker of candle light in the dark playing the tricks but I know, I felt, otherwise.

Was I imagining again or was it really -

Was that a shadow of a person I saw before me?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

You people have any idea why she is so keenly protected in that castle?

Who was watching her? 

Do you people think that it's a haunted place or it was something else?

Was it really a shadow of a person that Acacia saw or was it just an imagination yet again?

If it was indeed a shadow, who and why were they watching her when she was sleeping?


###chapter 8
**Acacia Point of View**

Three weeks.

It has been three full weeks since I thought I saw a shadow of a person in my room. After that night, I never saw something like that again but that does not mean it was a very normal three weeks period.

For the past three weeks, I've been plagued with weird dreams. I could neither stay awake completely not sleep dreamlessly. The dreams followed me every night.

Weeks of being locked up can do that to a person. That was the logical reason I came up with for the whole level of sufferings I've been going through.

Alone and locked up with nothing to do or talk to, my wits have started to go deranged. No matter how many times and how many ways I tried to open the main door or just any door that can lead me out of this damn place, nothing worked.

My window was still open, all thanks to heavens. A few days ago I did try to climb down from the window and collected all the bed sheets and long cloths I could find. By the time I returned to my room to do so, all the cloths I gathered in the basket were gone to God knows where.

I then knew I'm not assuming things when I thought I was being watched.

The past weeks all I did was explore and re-explore. By the time I finished going through the whole castle for the first time, I noticed that I was able to go into all the rooms except for one room on eighth story that I am currently on.

Unlike my first observation, there weren't just four rooms on the floor, there were actually five in total; of one I couldn't open. Being on the far end of the north wing covered behind an unusually large pillar, I did not notice it in the first.

It was only when I was re-exploring for the fourth time did I notice it.

The room has no locks though. The doors are the same as for every other room, carved with their emblem. Only, the carving on this one stood out. Although the emblem is the same one, the carving method itself was slightly different.

It was much deeper, nicely engraved and every line stood out so prominently that the room itself was special.

For a moment, I thought that whoever was keeping me here must be staying in that room since the room seems to be locked from inside but over past few days; there was no hint that proved my theory.

There was heck no sound or anything that came from that room or from outside that room.

"This is going to be a very long life." I told myself. I sighed at my tedious terrified life wrapped with mysteries and held my head in my hands.

The morning has been tiring like every other day from the past five days. I fell sick for whatever reason and have been vomiting nonstop from five days.

I picked the water glass from the table and took a gulp when I felt a little dizzy. Looking at the result my hard work drenched in my vomit, I stood up to clean it.

With a wet rag, I cleaned the whole tea table and threw the sheets of paper that I was working on as they are of no use now.

I have to draw them again.

When I found nothing of familiar language to read, I found large yellowish sheets of paper in one of the study rooms on eighth floor. It was definitely not that kind of paper we find in these days. They looked more like parchment type sheets along with which few feather quills and a type of ink were found beside.

One can never understand the joy of finding them in my situation. If it weren't for them, I would've gone insane long back. So from the moment I found the ancient style stationary, I started to use them to draw sketches of buildings and blueprints.

After my exploration of the castle and other establishments from my small trip, I got many ideas. However, I know for one that I would never be able to use them anywhere in future.

But designing itself helped me stay sane.

By the time I cleaned everything, another wave of nausea hit me and I ran to the bathroom. Five minutes of dry heaves, I started to worry about the sudden health issue.

It can't be food poisoning. I was always provided with hygienic food and I did not remember overeating.

Must be some kind of allergic reaction!

If only I have my bag with me. I always carry a box of medicines everywhere with me. There must be something for stomach bug.

That noon, I had a very light lunch and went to the study room to continue making sketched. In the time of past three weeks, I made nearly twelve sketches of different methods and designs. Sometimes, it was fusion between past and the present styles while some where intriguing drafts of the past styled establishments.

When late hours of afternoon came by, a sudden thought went off in my mind. Standing up immediately, I went to my room and saw heaps of fire wood near the hearth. Examining them for a few minutes, I went down to the kitchen to find another kind of wood and tools.

In the kitchen beside the hearth, there's a pile of different types of wood used for cooking. Going through them, I chose few lighter pieces of softwood that are easier to handle and cut.

After I separated the wood I need, I went to the shelf where cooking tools are kept. From it, I took out two small knives, one small axe which is much lighter than those heavy one which are used to cut hardwood.

But they are not enough to make wooden designs of my sketches. I need more tools to handle the wood.

"Oh, isn't there a storage room behind the kitchen." I walked to the storage room which is used to store mainly kitchen related items and unused cloths.

I walked and skipped through the unorganized lanes of junk and finally found a trunk of tools. Sighing in relief, I picked the needed tools and gathered everything to the study room.

Well at least I have something more to do now.

For next few days, while struggling with my sudden illness and making miniature designs of my sketches with the wood, my days were much busier and fruitful.

Only, over days, my sickness did not go down and I was getting tired easily. I was getting dizzy and my body in general was getting exhausted easily.

Not to forget, I was unable to eat much. The days felt shorter and nights much shorter.

What is happening to me?

What am I coming down with?

It can't be anything serious, right?

Over the past few days, my food changed. Whoever it was, they were providing me more nutritious and easily digested food. I did not stop working on converting my designs into miniature models.

Out of all the sketches I made, there was one that I really loved and was proud of myself that I was the one who made it. I started to make models with that one.

It took me fifty days to complete the miniature wooden model of my first and most liked design. Fifty days, nearly two months and time went pretty quickly. With some work on hands, when time passed by, I didn't even know.

My sickness was gone after few days of working on the model and over the past two months, I realized I've put on some weight.

Weirdly enough, even after eating less calorie food and working on my feet most of the day, Instead of staying fit, I gained weight with a slightly protruded stomach.

I did not even do anything to gain stomach fat. And to top with that few dynamics of my body and health have been changed.

Although I wasn't vomiting and sick anymore, I easily get tired. My feet started to hurt if I stand more than half an hour. I need to take a rest for several minutes before I could stand up and work again.

My periods seems to have left my body altogether. I did not once menstruated after finding myself on this island few months ago and my periods were never late.

Don't know what is happening to me.

I scoffed when I remember one of those scenes from TV series where a woman goes through same symptoms and finds herself pregnant.

I would've thought that same if I didn't knew better. I would have died of heart ache if I'm not a virgin.

But then again, what other diseases have similar symptoms to those of pregnancy?

It's not like I'm being an obese?

It's not possible. I'm getting worried now.

Puking, exhaustion, protruding stomach, sleepy and easily getting tired, craving food sometimes and easily changing moods.

What might it be that I'm coming down with?
**
~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia finally found something useful to do and anchor her sanity. Your views?

Why is Acacia suddenly sick?

What are those symptoms that she is facing? 

Do you think her weight gain is due to obesity or something else?

She can't be pregnant right? She's a virgin. 

How can a virgin be pregnant when she was living all alone from weeks?





###chapter 9
**Acacia Point of View**

I held my head in my hands and sat down on the chair as another wave of dizziness hit me. For few moments, I couldn't understand anything around me.

My heart pounded like drums and my breathing got heavy. When another wave of dizziness hit before the previous did not subside yet, I had to hold the edge of the study table to keep myself from falling down.

"Oh God!" I breathed out and shook my head slightly to shake off the giddiness.

For over fifteen minutes, I couldn't dare move with the fear I would faint again. I felt so weak as if any possible energy stored in the depths of my body for dire uses has left me.

It was the kind of exhaustion that food or sleep cannot take it away. For a second there, through the haze of going unconscious, I thought something was feeding on my energy.

I know it's nonsense but somewhere, back in my mind, I felt it.

A force... sharing it and feeding on it just like I would do to my own body.

"I must be too fixated on creating plan models to get this tired. May be some fresh air can help." I slowly stood up, carefully, cautiously, not to trigger anything that might make dizzy again.

From the study room to my bedroom, I walked by the wall taking its support just in case not to fall down and break my neck.

One leg inside my room, I was already feeling better. Taking the glass of water from the nightstand with me, I sat on the chair by the window as I looked out at the beauty that this strange haunted island holds.

When cool air hit my face, I felt alive. Gulping down the water, I looked outside as I folded my hands over the windowsill. It's just minutes away from sunset and sunsets look beautiful here.

From my window, I can literally see everything on the island clearly. No pollution, no smoke weirdly because I still don't know where my meals were made.

While on one side the ocean is taking the sand with it, on the other side, the waves of the same ocean hit ferociously against the rocks.

It was absolutely gorgeous to watch it under the light of sunset.

A feast to eyes!

Laying my head on my hands on the windowsill, I closed my eyes and drifted in to sleep.

By the time I woke up, the sky last the last flicker of glow from the sunset and I realized I was only out for few minutes.

As expected, waft of food hit my nose; like always. The food is waiting for me on the tea table, like always. There's a jug of fresh juice of what fruit I don't know but it does help me with the little nausea and dizziness I feel, like always.

"How long am I going to be a prisoner here? With my current health, feels like something is not right." I talked to myself.

Well, I don't have anyone to talk to here and during these past few days of being the only person to be there for me, I realized how crazy I originally and how amplified it got after coming here.

I almost hated myself for being lazy bug in the past. I would give anything to be a busy bee now.

I picked up my fork and knife as I start eating while doing my talk show; like always. If I don't even talk that much, I would surely go insane beyond repair.

Sometimes, I read out times table out loud and sometimes I jotted down the countries and capitals. After I started sketching designs, I made an alter ego of myself as my own superior and discuss my design with myself.

Crazy, I know. But if I don't do that, I would've gone another kind of crazy.

It's like the creepiness of constant supply of my food and necessities are not weird anymore. At a point of time, I don't even feel anything.

As if I gave up on escaping this place or say, I gave on my life.

The scared cat in me matured over days here. Now, I think I can watch Insidious without shouting twenty times all through the movie.

Wiping away the hints of sauce from lips, I completed my dinner with a glass of juice. Once my stomach was full, I could feel energy sparkling through my body. I felt good and energized.

Throwing the napkin on the table, I walked out towards the study again to digest the food I had.

If only I could eat some ice cream now or better, in the midnight. I've been craving for ice cream in the nights from quite some days but seeing how old and ancient the food, kitchen and this castle is without any hint of electricity or appliances, I cannot be greedy.

Zoning out before the unfinished wood carvings, I decided to rather sketch than finish the carvings. Few more details and carvings, I will be done with my first model.

Cleaning the table from all the other objects, I laid out the large sheet of paper with ink bottle and a couple of quills. After learning how a quills works, I improvised a couple of quills so the sketches come out better.

The only solace I find here is one open window and a little sketching and designing. If I was in my prime health condition, I would've completed making miniature models of five or six of my designs.

The next morning, I woke up with a sweet scent hitting my nose. It has been a few days since I've been waking up with the scent.

At first I didn't know where it was coming from but one day I finally noticed it. On the vast garden surrounding the mansion, there was one such plant that started budding a few months ago.

What flower takes such long time to bloom?

Although the flower is still a young bud, the sweet scent already overwhelms me. I've never seen such plant or bud before. Although I don't know much about plants and flowers, this one is definitely not what you would find easily.

The scent itself is so sweet yet mild with hints of spice barely noticeable that sometimes looking at still young bud that was yet to blossom, I feel somewhat happy.

I don't know why but my heart aches with both happiness and pain, looking at the bud.

Sipping on hot chocolate, I continued to watch the sweet smelling bud as a smile snaked on my lips.

There is nothing to smile at here given the conditions I'm living in. But the flower bud sure makes me smile a little every day. As creepy as everything is, I cannot help but find small bit of hope as I see the flower bud.

As I finished drinking my hot chocolate, tears rolled down my eyes and I didn't even know I was tearing up and why.

Tears rolled down like a fall from my eyes as a sudden bout of anger and helplessness hit me. There wasn't even a reason for the sudden anger blooming inside me.

It was like a random switch, when on, it overwhelms with plethora of emotions. One moment I want to smile while the other I feel like crying over the same thing.

Why my emotions are on haywire, I don't know.

I never felt something like this before. Wait, I actually felt a similar but a lesser version of it on my periods before. But now that my menstrual cycle is disrupted and unhealthy, for what reason am I being a crazy person?

Does the flu that attacked me have something to do with it?

The more I think about it, I more insane everything is. The overdriven mood swings... what's the reason behind it?

I... Why?

Looking down at the slightly out stomach, the urge to cry strengthened. My hand slowly ran over my stomach when a hiccup left my mouth.

It's not possible.

No, what am I thinking?

How is it possible?

Did someone... No, I remember every second, day and night, after coming here and I was never touched. Heck I should've at least felt the pain of my broken barrier but nothing of such happened.

I'm a damn virgin!

But all the symptoms; even though I've been avoiding the possibility, is it...

Am I - Pregnant?

Touching my stomach again, my hand immediately flew to cover my mouth.

"Of course not. How can one be a virgin and pregnant? Impossible! Thyroid, maybe." I told myself.

"Yes, I'm not pregnant. I can't be." I assured myself but when I felt a hollow feeling in my stomach, I know I'm only fooling myself.

But how?

I - can't be pregnant and with whose child?

"God, this is absurd. There is no sense in what I'm thinking. The loneliness must be working badly on my brain."

"I'm - I can't be. Can I?"

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweetie,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Interesting?

Do you think Acacia is really pregnant?

If she is, then how is it possible?

Who's baby is she carrying? The one who locked her?

If so, then how can one get pregnant without intercourse?

Or is she getting down with some health issue?


###chapter 10
**Acacia Point of View**

The moment of realization brought an absolute level of fear in me.

The ridiculous idea of being a pregnant and a virgin threw me off the little balance I gained in the past months. If it were something like insemination, then I can understand but even with the case of insemination, a girl should have to go through a lengthy process and a little pain which I clearly didn't.

Heck, where the hell is a hospital or doctor here? There's no one on this land other than me.

The nerves in my brain are thread away to give up and burst out. Yet again, my body started to shake involuntarily and fear was drowning me.

I mean, how the hell did I get pregnant?

There should be some sort of - something that should've caused it?

No, first, who caused it?

Tears continued to flow down my cheeks and a hiccup escaped my mouth when I felt so damn vulnerable.

I might be pregnant. Heck, I'm pregnant and I don't know what to do.

Why is this happening to me?

Am I locked here for this reason? To carry a baby?

"What do I do now? The baby - who's baby is it and -" I couldn't help but cry.

Pregnant. I'm pregnant.

"No no no." I feel on my knees. The whole abnormal situation is sending chills down my spine and I'm still hoping I'm not in diagnosis even though I know I'm not.

"Who did this to me?" I cried out. "How dare you do something like this to me? Who the hell are you and how did you do this?"

I was already exhausted and the whole crying and yelling is giving me a hard time. My head spun as I stood up and I felt so pathetic at the moment.

"I know you are out there somewhere. You hide from me, lock me up and keep me a prisoner here all for this? To carry a baby for you? Come out, I need to talk to you." I smashed the vase against the wall as I called out for the mysterious person.

I can't take this anymore.

In the haze of absolute fear and blinding anger, I forgot that the baby I'm carrying now is as much mine as the mysterious person's.

I walked to the side table and broke another vase in a fit just so this mysterious person can come before me. He can't do this to me and stay hidden like nothing happened.

"I hate you. I'll kill you, dammit." No sort or threatening happened to affect him because there was no clue of another person alive in the castle just like always.

How did everything come to this? Why me?

What did I ever do to go through such hell?

I moved towards the vanity table to break other things and when I looked at myself in the mirror, looked how disheveled and helpless I was, I felt like everything fell apart.

I feel broken, scared and clueless.

Heaving a little, I steadied my dizzy body and broke everything that was on the vanity table. This time, I'm not giving up. I need to know who this person is who kept me locked here and mysterious made me pregnant.

"You are stubborn, aren't you? So am I." I said as my eyes caught the sharp broken pieces of things I broke.

"Either you come out in front of me and explain this madness or I am stepping on them and hurt myself." I threatened, putting one of my leg on a few shards as I waited for that vile person show up.

Minutes later when I was all alone, I pressed my leg on the shards with a stubborn look. A hiss left my mouth and I stubbornly gulped down the pain.

Gritting my teeth, I lift another foot and stepped on sharp shards again. I pressed my lips, not letting any sound out but the tears did not stop. The more the time passed, the more my anxiety was getting best out of me.

My brain stopped to work properly and nothing mattered to me anymore. I was in an invisible maze that I couldn't get out of.

"You are still not showing yourself? How cruel can you be? Show up you bastard." I cried out loudly as I continued to walk on the shards.

Bloody prints of my feet were on the floor and blood was oozing out of my feet, tainting the carpet which I didn't care at all.

My body went off the balance and started to sway as dizziness took over. I held the wall for support and walked persistently out of the bedchamber towards the stairs.

No, I am not succumbing to this. I have to do this. I will bring this person out of his hiding be what may.

My feet hurt so much that the pain is killing me. On top of that, the other symptoms of pregnancy are making it hard for me.

I can feel the small shards piercing the skin as they go deeper into my foot. My body started to stagger as I was slowly losing control over it. I shook my head to keep myself fainting and falling down but it's getting hard to focus anymore.

My eyes lost their focus. The oxygen I'm taking from my nose seemed to be not sufficient as I started to breathe through my mouth loudly.

Soon, I was hyperventilating and my eyes were rolling to the back. I held myself conscious until I reached the stairs and held on to the metal railing tightly.

"Still not coming out of your hiding?" This time, I could out breath out as I was in no position to shout anymore.

I opened my mouth and was about to call that person out when my conscious finally gave in. The grip on the railing loosened before I knew, my eyes rolled back and I stumbled forward.

With the last bit of awake, I wrapped my hands around my stomach instinctively and everything went black.

~*~*~*~

I was walking, walking aimlessly and don't know where I was. Thick white fog was surrounding me and I was unable to see anything.

It must early hours of morning and I was walking wearing a long gown in some sort of garden. The grass underneath my feet is wet and cold but I wasn't feeling cold though.

I felt free.

Spinning around, I saw nothing but the fog. Such thick fog that was covering everything from me!

I walked aimlessly only to find myself all alone in an unknown place. It felt like I was walking for hours but nothing could be seen around.

I stopped walking for a moment and looked up to the sky. There is light but I could see the sky due to fog.

I was getting nervous now. Anxiously, I ran around not knowing where to go and which direction to follow. Everything was just misty and unclear.

The freedom I felt moments before was now gone replaced by the fear of getting stuck here and not being able to escape.

Where am I?

How did I come here?

"Mom? Dad? Ruby? Guys, where are you all?" I called out, praying to be heard but I was only disappointed.

Running for several minutes, I bend down and put my hands on my knees as I panted. My lips went dry and I had to roll my tongue over them to bring them back to life.

A long period of walking and jogging around aimlessly, when I was inch away from giving up, I was startled and body jerked when I felt a hand covering my eyes.

"Who? Who is this?" I asked as I hurriedly caught the hand that closed my eyes. Touching it, the hand felt muscular and manly.

Without answering me, he pushed me gently to walk. And so we walked, me in the front and him behind me with my eyes closed.

"Who are you? Where are you taking me?" Again, no answer.

He continued to lead me somewhere and after minutes of walking, he suddenly stopped. Talking off his hand from my eyes, he stopped me from turning back.

"I'm here for you. Go, Acacia." He whispered close in my ear.

Go where?

With a frown, I blinked my eyes and looked to the front. The fog slowly started to clear out as something seems to get visible slowly. I felt the man behind me move back and by the time I turned back, he disappeared.

Turning around again, the fog cleared out and what stood in front of me shook me. It was the castle.

The castle from the island where I was locked.

"No." I yelled out loudly and woke up panting. "No, no." I repeated myself as I rubbed my hands over my face to wipe the sweat.

Gulping in fear, I looked around and found myself on the bed with my feet wrapped in white band-aid cloth and everything came back to me.

I'm still here, in the castle.

Locked like a prisoner and now - pregnant.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Anyone understand Acacia's state of mind?

Acacia is pregnant and she doesn't know how. Do you?

What is wrong with that castle and island?

Acacia went crazy with fear and clueless and went as far as to hurt herself to bring the mysterious person out from hiding. Your views?

Do you understand Acacia's actions and reactions?


###chapter 11
**Acacia Point of View**

If there's an award for being unlucky, then I would be chosen unanimously by the whole world.

Tell me, I cannot even live properly or die altogether. Death seems to be playing hide and seek with my life. When death knocks my door, life pulls me back; just when I think there is no harm around me; life puts me in death's way.

Some fate I have!

I looked down at my feet wrapped in gauze and sighed. I don't feel the pain of the splinters but I can feel the pain in my head due to how everything was going on with me.

Unconsciously, my hand ran over my stomach and felt the slight bump. I remember fainting near the staircase towards down, seeing how I'm unharmed and so is the baby; this mysterious person must've saved me.

Why can't he just show himself?

For the nth time, I'm so done with this.

Being a prisoner was one thing but taken advantage of somehow that I don't even know and getting pregnant and a prisoner is unbearable.

There is so much that has been robbed of in my life in this past few months and the pregnancy only added to the list.

I don't even know how I should feel about this baby now. Having a baby should be something to be celebrated but given my situation, how should I react to this?

How should I take this baby into account?

Leaning my back to the bedpost, I recalled everything that happened before I fainted. God know how many days I was out cold.

Was I being too emotional the other day?

I shouldn't have harmed myself, should I?

Considering I'm carrying a child now, I should've been calm and thoughtful. But the moment I realized that somehow through some odd method, I was now pregnant and carrying some unknown's child, all caution and safety flew out of my mind.

It would be one thing if I had sex with someone familiar or stranger but at least in that case I would know what to expect. But it is completely absurd to be in a position like this.

I'm so confused right now. Neither I can feel the maternal emotions a mother-to-be should have nor can I be cold towards a new life growing inside me.

What a mess I'm in now!

For the next few days, I was in full bed rest given how feet were not in a condition to bear my body weight. Like always, I surprisingly take a nap before food was waiting for me on the table.

I don't think it was some kind of drug that puts me to sleep when food was to be brought to me so I cannot see who brings it to me.

If it's not drug, then what?

Every day, by the time I wake up in the morning, I find the gauze bandage on my feet was changed. What shocked me even more was I wasn't provided with any medicine; not for the bruises on my feet and not for my pregnancy.

Usually, pregnant women do take several medicines and decoctions for preventing miscarriage, strengthening the womb and to provide needed vitamins to mother and the baby.

Let's say this mysterious person is an guy who leads a life that one would in thirteenth of fourteenth century, but even at that time there were several herbal medicines that were given to pregnant women.

Either this mysterious person is too confident about the strength of the child I'm carrying or I'm taking medicines just like how I have a sperm growing inside me.

It took me fifteen days to heal completely and back on my legs and all through those days, I was bed, only thinking.

I have several questions and doubts that I needed answers for and I understood that this mysterious person would not show before me and answer me. So I decided to snoop around and see if I can find anything, just anything that might tell me what exactly is happening to me.

Starting with the rooms from first story of the castle, slowly I went through everything. By everything, I mean I even checked the walls and floor to find any hidden passages or hidden chambers.

By the end of the month, I found nothing. The result was zero. Except for the room that was always locked on the eighth floor, I was able to go through everything for not once but twice.

I tried several times to open the locked room but met no success. Next thing, I tried to see if there is a keyhole or small opening to look inside but the doors to that room are not just doors, they are metal shields that even air cannot pass.

My stomach grew a little more as I passed another month. The past month flew by with me snooping around and I didn't even feel like a whole month has passed.

Although I don't know what date and day it was but according to the stick marks I'm drawing every day, I must be nearly four months pregnant now.

A wry scoff left my mouth when the mere thought of this miracle baby comes to my mind.

"What should I expect?" I mumbled as I rubbed my stomach.

All those philosophers who speak about always having a way out of everything; pass me a gun. Stand in my position and speak all those words about positivity.

The only positive I got in all these months is a pregnancy test.

None of those books written by those world renowned philosophers I read in the past are helpful.

Stay positive? Improve yourself every day? Believe and fight for it? Every will has a way and a dog has a day?

Huh!

I leaned my head on the doors of the locked room and banged it lightly. Although all my attempts to open the doors were futile, I still tried to push it nonetheless.

By the end of the day, I have no much energy to use all my heart and strength in opening it so I only started to rub my hands on the door and push it halfheartedly.

Open, you damn thing.

"I know there's someone behind these doors. Open them, I need to talk to you. I need answers." I tried another time although I know the result.

"Fine, don't open. One day when I open these doors, have my hands on you, trust me you will wish for your death."

"How long will you hide? Oh, how I wish I beat you to pulp. When I find you, I'll poison you, beat you to pulp and - and - yes, and I will lock you up in a cage like an animal like how you are doing to me." I said out loud as I breathed out angrily.

"You must be very rich for staying in a castle like this so don't worry, I'll make a cage made of gold and jewels." I mocked and walked away from the closed room and stomped back into my room and yet again found dinner waiting for me on the table.

I had a bath before having my dinner and went out on a small walk before sleeping. Given the climate and forest surrounding the fort, there should've been many mosquitoes and other bugs but I never saw any from the time I came here.

I was thankful to God for that though. Mosquitoes are too attracted to me so I get bitten more than those around me.

"I'll decapitate your thing from even having kids." Before I completely drift into sleep, I gave one last warning to this mysterious person.

In the middle of the night, when I was deep asleep was when I felt it. Something touching me, my face!

The feeling of being touched woke me up a little. It felt like a finger was trailing down my cheeks.

By now, I was considerably awake, just that I couldn't open my eyes. It was as if they were closed stuck so I only continued to focus on find out what or who was touching me.

For the first time in these past months here, I felt the presence of something or someone here and it was definitely not a hallucination.

What exactly am I feeling on my skin?

It doesn't seems to be skin that was touching me but more like an invisible tube of air. It felt feathery and light. If was in sleep, then I would've thought it to be wind blowing from the window.

I'm fairly awake to know otherwise. I don't know what happened to my eyes that they are not opening.

Almost as if they were spelled to be shut. So, I tried to open my mouth and talk, only, no words came out.

I ran my tongue over my dry lips and attempted to talk again but could produce no sound making me choke with fear.

This is not how sleep paralysis feels like. Somehow, I know this is the doing of mysterious person.

How I wish I paralyze him like how he is doing to me!

One day, I will induce the same pain he is giving me!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia is still considered strong for not having a heart attack after what she is going through. Don't you think so?

Why is this secret room not opening?

Is it really occupied by the mysterious person that is keeping Acacia imprisoned?

So, is this mysterious person's child that Acacia is carrying or there are more than one in the castle?

Can you all understand the dilemma that Acacia is facing about the baby?

Do you think Acacia is over reacting? Or her reaction is reasonable?



###chapter 12
**Acacia Point of View**

That can't be a dream. It felt so real.

But it can't be real too. How come I felt a presence but still did not feel it at the same time?

I tapped my head with my hand as I mulled over the incident from the previous night. I still couldn't decide if that was just a touch of my imagination or it happened for real.

Right after I was getting more aware of my surroundings and a possible presence in my room, I drifted back to sleep as my paralyzed condition relaxed.

One moment, my body trembled with fear and the other moment, didn't how and when, it relaxed back into sleep. It's because of that, that I cannot seem to grasp how much of it is real and how much is a dream.

The incidents that are taking place here, the castle, the whole island itself is spooky. It's like this island is a world in itself; a world that I couldn't still understand about.

With thoughts racing my mind, I grabbed another piece of wood block and started carving it with small knife. I'm yet to finish this model and still have to find the bastard that is holding me hostage here.

The more I accept the reality of my pregnancy, the more I'm getting anxious. The desperation for getting out of here and finding way back home accelerated over the past few days.

Even though I did not find any hint about the person who is holding me here, I still want to find him and bury him six feet under with same vigor as before. But, no matter how many times I look, I could not find anything that might help me.

I even checked the books from library if any of the picture from those books can help me but I only met with failure. Not only the language but most of their drawings are coded like too.

Although, there was this one book where I found the picture of doors of the locked room; there was something written beside the picture and it was in another unknown language which I can't understand.

It makes me wonder if this closed room holds something dearly important.

If only I could open it!

Putting the wooden blocks and the tools on the table, I got up from my chair and moved to the closed room slowly. Standing before it, I studied the intricate emblem on them and tried to make sense of it.

Every symbol, every emblem stands for something. I always known that this emblem is everywhere in this castle, marking everything owned but what exactly does it stand for?

I examined every curve, every aspect and every angle of the crest to make some sense out of it. Trailing my fingers over the swirls of wind that surrounded a fire torch, I studied the details closely.

A fire torch usually symbolizes knowledge, freedom, hope and life. Some say that fire stands for enlightenment.

Then if there is a fire torch and if the fire is still alive on the torch, why are there wind swirls around it?

Let's say the swirls represent wind, then fire surrounded by wind doesn't sound that positive and hopeful to me. Not forget that there is a bird that is flying above the torch.

As I traced my fingers over it, I placed my other hand on the doors and tried to push them open although I know it is not going to work.

"Of course." I grumbled as I banged the door with my fist. "What else am I expecting?"

"Open, you dammit!" I kicked it with my leg before I turned back to leave.

Disappointed and annoyed, I stomped down the hallway towards the study room I'm using. Only, my steps halted when I heard something startling.

A slow, dragging creaky sound.

A sound of a door opening.

The sound was heavy, rusty. I wasn't hoping, I wasn't imagining yet I know where the sound was coming from. There is only one set of doors in the whole block and from how close the sound is coming from, it should be -

The secret room!

With a gasp, I turned around slowly and jogged towards the source. Standing before the secret room again, I breathed in heavily when I saw the doors wide open.

How did this open?

Should I be happy and scared, I don't know; all I want to know is who is living in this room or what exactly is in this room that is so secretive.

Taking with me a candle stand, I stood near the threshold of the room as I contemplated whether I should go in or not, whether it is safe or not.

Bending a little forward, I tried to look inside but all I could see is dark. I carried candle light along with me and took every step with caution. One step, I stopped to see if I could make out the contents inside.

Surrounded by heavy darkness with only a small candle that could only show light to just couple meters around, my heart pounded in my chest with every step I took.

I had to rub my eyes to focus and with nervous feeling, sweat formed all over my face as it trickled down over my eyelashes.

"Why is it suddenly so dark? It's unusually gloomy."

When I couldn't see anything, I moved a little more inside only stopped when my leg hit some kind of furniture. Bringing the candle down, the little light illuminated enough to show me the chair made of hard wood and a small table before it.

Placing the candle on the table, I moved the chair with grunt and placed it against the opened door just in case not to be locked up here of all places.

On the table, I thankfully found another candle stand. Lighting up the candles from the table, it was less gloomy but by no way was the room lit enough to see how big it is what exactly it holds.

"Going by the wall seems plausible." I thought to myself as I started from the left side of the entrance. I placed my palm on the wall and a candle on another hand, I let the wall lead me through the room.

There was a several side tables and drawers arranged against the wall. I had explored this fort for so many times and during my expedition, one thing I observed was there was always stock of candles and fire stick in the top right drawer of every side and other tables.

With no further ado, I lit them up. It took me nearly half an hour to complete one circle around the room and light it enough. Once the whole room is now illuminating in the candle light, I squinted my eyes to look around the room.

The room was relatively normal and can be considered empty except for large portraits hung on the walls. On a closer look, I noticed that all the portraits are paintings of some well dressed royalty looking men.

Starting from the one right beside the door, I took baby steps and started to study every portrait. The man from each portrait is different. The first portrait was a painting of a stout man sitting on what looks like a throne with a distinguished crown sitting on his head.

He was dressed in tunics which looked very ancient style and remarkably rich. Surely, he is some kind of king.

The next portrait was closely similar, only the man looked different and much slimmer than the first one. So does the next one and those that came next until I stopped by the last portrait that was much larger and hung over an entire wall.

I raised the candle towards the portrait and studied it carefully. This painting is more vividly highlighted than the others.

The man in the portrait was younger, probably in his early thirties, and looked regal. The way he sat on the throne, the way he held a scepter in his hand and the manner his face held the majestic aura of an emperor, it was overwhelming.

Standing on tiptoes, I observed the scepter that he was holding. On a closer look, I saw the head of the scepter has same emblem that was carved everywhere in this castle.

"So this symbol is an insignia of some royalty indeed. But what does this mean?" I continued to study this particular painting keenly.

Unlike most of the paintings, this one held a lot of realness in it. Not only did the painter justify the handsomeness of the man, he also succeeded in showing the arrogance that was lit in his eyes.

He has a hard look dawned on his face and the words I-am-your-death-if-you-cross-me was literally shown in every stroke and corner.

One glance at the whole picture, I can tell how alive it looks.

It looks eerily alive.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

How and why did the doors to secret room open?

Your views on the sleep paralysis condition she had? Was it real or just a condition?

Why are there only portraits in the room?

Whose portraits are they? If they are of some past emperors, then which kingdom did they belong to?

So, the mysterious person is not in the secret room. Then where is he?

What exactly does the emblem signify? Is it a symbol of a kingdom?

Whose portrait was the last one?


###chapter 13
**Acacia Point of View**

I was surprised at the maintenance of these portraits. I can bet all my money on it that these paintings are from a few eras back.

They are not painted recently. The strokes, lines, method and colors used is a clear evidence that these paintings are from at least half a dozen centuries back.

I have to give it to whoever was responsible for their maintenance; they took their job pretty seriously. There isn't a speck of dust, no scratches, no rust on the frames or no damage of paper.

This particular portrait of a young man stood from the tip of roof to the tip of floor. It occupied the whole wall but give how grand the man looked and how defined the painting is, the size isn't awkward or out of place.

The man in the painting did not just look regal, he looked terrifying. The glare in his eyes is enough to keep ghosts. It was subtle but has great weight to it.

"Who exactly is he? Who are all these people from the portraits?"

Wait, if this is not where the sais mysterious person is staying, then why was this room locked and where exactly is he?

Does he even live here?

With the punctuality I receive my food and other things, with how I was being watched and how I was saved from disasters frequently, he should be somewhere close to me.

Hell, the whole place is kept so intact and tidy, he should be here, in this fort. If so, then where is this person?

Why is finding this person is like getting stuck in a maze. Everything is a puzzle with no logical hint.

Looking down at my slightly protruded stomach, I rubbed my hand against it and frowned.

How did I end up like this? All I wanted was to find that person and ask him why and how this baby happened. I just wanted to know why I'm being locked here.

I just wanted to go home, to my family, to my friends.

No matter how much I try to find something useful about this place and island, it always ends up with more questions and no answers.

Until moments ago, there was a small hope that if I could open this secret room, I would get some answers but this secret room turned out to be a dud.

Everything is back to square one again.

I walked to the portrait of the young man and tapped it to see if there is any hidden locker or case inside it. When I found nothing, I continued to tap all the walls and floor for some kind of secret chamber or underground tunnels.

Forts like these, they usually have these secret passages and chambers.

Standing before the painting of a young man, I started to observe it keenly again so as to find something useful.

My eyes scanned it every corner from top to bottom but no matter how many times I look at it, it is nothing but a normal painting.

I nearly gave up and turned to go back when, for a fleeting moment, I thought I saw something. Turning back again to the portrait, when I looked at it again, there was nothing strange about it.

Biting down my lower lip with interest, I walked closed to the picture and stood on the far right end of it. Putting my bet on my instincts, I leaned against the frame and looked at the painting from side angle with a peripheral view.

I knew I was crazy to try something like that. I mean what will you find when you look at a mere painting from a marginal view?

It's not like this was a 3D picture!

And then, my thought was proved wrong. What I saw made me gasp and I started to chant "Impossible"

"This is impossible. What the heck is this?" I spoke as I rolled my eyes to have a better view of the whole picture.

From the extreme side angle, half the picture of the man disappeared and in the place is only the outline of his figure.

One part of vertical half of him was real painting and the other half disappeared with only an outline of his body. Like the other half is just air and there was nothing there to begin with.

What stunned me the more was the man's outline itself. The picture was unexplainable. I don't know how to put it in words.

Clearly a painting of this old cannot have a 3D effect. Even if it does, what is the meaning of having half a person being wiped out with nothing but an outline of him?

I stumbled a couple steps back from the picture and stopped when my legs hit a chair behind me. Walking back to the first portrait, the picture of an old stout man, I hurriedly bent and took a peripheral view of the painting.

Just like I thought! Half of the man was not there with only airy outline of body left.

And so does every other picture in the room.

"What exactly does it mean? The portraits are painted in such a way; this can't be just some advanced art."

There is some significance behind it. What is it?

I can see that everything that has been happening to me was not humanly natural incidents. From the moment I woke up on this island, everything was like a fantasy drama featured in Netflix.

If I didn't know better, I would think I'm haunted by a ghost.

But I know better. I'm pregnant and that means everything that is happening to me is very much human.

Going back to the painting of the handsome young man, I raised my hand and touched the painting to know there was some trick applied but found none.

The base of the painting was not a paper but a cloth there was nothing used that could give a painting 3D trick.

"Something is not right." I told myself as I continued to touch the portrait. "Everything seems very much right and that is not right."

Shaking my head, I went to look at the picture from the side line again. My eyes moved towards the invisible half of the man and continued to scrutinize it.

It was just like how they show invisibility of ghosts in movies and dramas. Like they have an appearance but just the outline of it.

Running my tongue over my dry lips, I lifted my left hand and moved it towards the invisible half of the crown on his head.

Lightly, with a feathery touch, I started trailing a finger over the outline. My eyes widened in shock when I was halfway down trailing the face.

W- what is this?

I retreated my hand as if it touched fire and went back to look at the picture in a normal manner. When there was no difference in it, I took small hesitant steps to look at it from the side line again.

"So I wasn't imagining things." I thought when I saw void filled until the finger was traced.

How is this possible?

How can a painting appear with just a finger touch?

I went back to tracing the outline and was staggered to see the invisible part appearing as my finger trailed the place.

As my finger touched the void space, it started to fill. As I saw the wonder happening right before me, my heart started to pound in my chest with fear.

As if there wasn't enough fear in me, every day one new thing appears to scare me off.

I began to feel hollowness inside my stomach as I traced the picture. My other hand went to stomach and rubbed it to ease it but seems like the baby inside is uncomfortable too.

Once done, the picture was now full and the void has long gone. Now the question is, how?

How can a painting on a cloth turn visible and invisible with just a touch?

Placing a hand on my racing heart, I gulped down the lump formed in my throat. Biting down on my lower lip, my hand shook as stepped back from the picture.

"Bloody hell, if this goes on, I will die from shock. Am I too coward or is this place beyond creepy." My voice trembled.

This is absurd.

My eyes blinked back the sudden dizziness that was attacking me again. Goodness, I have been fainting every day after I landed here.

I used to be a healthy girl but the moment I landed on this island, I was sick, pregnant or dizzy from fear.

Acacia...

I heard the whisper of my name again after months and it was the same voice that led me to this castle. It was the voice of the same man but I heard this voice somewhere else too.

Where else I hear this voice?

On deep consideration, I remembered where I heard it.

Acacia...

My breath hitched and my body trembled when my name was whispered again.

Isn't this the same voice I heard in my dream the other night?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

How is the story proceeding? Are you able to follow the pace and plot?

Is the painting really a 3D one or was it something else?

Why do you think is the man from the painting half invisible?

Why is it visible when she touched it?

Who was calling Acacia?

Do you think Acacia is too much of a coward and weak to be fainting every day?

Do you guys understand her situation?


###chapter 14
**Acacia Point of View**

My heart drummed in my ears. My eyes widened and breath hitched when the whisper of my name was heard.

My hand flew to my mouth when a screech was threatening to come out. Gasping at the voice, I turned around to see where it was coming from.

The voice sounded near yet distant and to think there is no intercom or speakers here is making it terribly disturbing.

"W-who? Who is it?" I stuttered. My heart raced like a horse on steroids. "It's you, the one who locked me up here; aren't you?"

Circling around the room in cautious steps, I tried to find out the source of the voice but there was none here.

"Show yourself. Who the hell are you and why are you torturing me like this?" I asked jogging through the room in hurry steps. I stumbled, my leg got stubbed by the table and felt faint but I did not stop looking for the man who is hell bent on giving me heart attack and kill me.

I will have to find him. I should find him and ask him why - why he is doing all these inhumane things to me.

But of course, I could not find him no matter how much I searched for him. I spent more than half an hour but still couldn't find the source of the voice that was calling my name.

Like they say, you cannot wake up a person who is pretending to sleep. If he is hell bent of hiding himself and scaring me to death, then naturally, I cannot find him given this is his terrain.

My hand touched my stomach and rubbed it instinctively when I started to feel helpless yet again. Sighing heavily, I returned back to my room after finding myself pretty exhausted.

I thought if I could go into that secret room, I would find the man in question or at least hints about him but I saw weird 3D portraits that scared the hell out of me.

Cherry on the top, I was even haunted by the eerie whispers of name. I should have sinned a great deal in my past life to go through something like this.

I need to make a solid tablet and offer prayers to my ancestors to wash away all the bad luck.

Sitting down on my bed, I hissed when my feet started to hurt. Looking down, they are a little swollen bore a couple of bruises from all the stumbling and stubbing into the furniture.

Oh how I wish I could eat some sweet and sour fish. I've been craving for it from last night. Some fried food would be great too with some hot sauce.

That very night, the dinner was just what I wanted to eat; what I was craving for. It was as if someone heard me when I was thinking about food.

On serious note, I wasn't even that surprised though. With everything that has happened and happening to me, this isn't even that shocking.

As days passed by, my opinion of this fort being heavily haunted was started to feel real. Why do I think that?

Because I understood why the doors to the secret room opened and how.

Right the next day when I visited the room again, I pushed the closed doors again and again but as usual failed. In anger and annoyance I complained to the door to open and it was then it opened.

That was when I understood that these doors to the secret room have some kind of sensory measures that opens only when I command them to.

Right from that day, I've been visiting the room every chance I get only, I found nothing useful yet. The room was still cold and eerie with air of heaviness in it.

With passing days, my pregnant stomach started to show more. I roamed around the castle less and did not work on my wooden models too much.

I started to get tired easily and as to be careful with the child that's growing inside my womb; I climbed the stairs less now.

But today was different. This morning, when I woke up, a sudden thought struck my mind. If the doors to the secret room can be opened under the command of my voice, then the main door to this fort may also.

So here I am, standing in front of closed doors of the main entrance. I don't know if it will work or not but at least I could try.

If I was successful in opening them, then I can get out of here at my will.

"Open please." I said in an authoritative tone and waiting. I waited for few minutes to hear the heavenly creaking sound of doors opening.

Of course, they didn't.

"Open." This time, I used more command in it. This would open secret room doors usually. This is my usual commanding tone I use in opening those doors.

Staring at the heavy closed doors from top to bottom, there was a little hope in my heart that they would now open.

When they didn't, I stood there frozen for few minutes to see what else can be done.

If the sensors are all same here, then why is the main door not opening?

"Open Dammit." I shouted the same way I did the first time with the secret room and still no positive result.

I sighed in disappointment and strolled towards the windows to see if my command works on windows. However, the result was the same. I kind of knew that windows revolt back to my command.

Turning back to the stairs, I looked up to the eighth story that was sitting on the top, to which I have to climb several stairs.

Glancing at the long lines of steps I have to climb now, I whined. I never whine as I was not brought up like a princess. Although I'm an only daughter, loved and cared for, I wasn't a fragile and hardheaded girl.

Now, all thanks to this strange pregnancy, I'm even whining at a little exercise.

"Oh how I wish my room comes down to fetch me. Do I have to climb all the stairs now?" I moaned standing on the first step.

With a loud groan, I started to climb slowly. If I start one step at a time, I will reach there at some point of time.

Although I was still skeptical and not completely in terms with my pregnancy and the baby, I'm starting to feel connected and attached to the life growing inside me.

It must be the maternal feeling that every mother feels. I started to think more about the baby; get worried for him and care for him more.

It does not mean I'm not reluctant with the whole pregnancy issue; I am. It's only that the baby is starting to become a little more of my priority.

Will The sperm donor of the baby come when he or she was born?

Will he take the baby away from me?

Or will he keep me here forever?

Or worse, will everything stay the same even after the baby is born?

It will be unbearable if I and the baby are taken care of from shadows and the person responsible for all this never shows his face.

Not only will it be hard to run away from here, with the baby it will be harder to even escape this damn castle. The thought of leaving the baby behind and run away did not sit well with me.

God knows what he planned for me for future.

By the time my thoughts about the baby came to a stop, I reached eighth floor finally. I thought it would be hard and painful to climb so many steps but with thoughts running in my mind, it felt like I only climbed ten to twelve steps.

It did not even feel like I climbed up eight floors. It doesn't feel sore nor do I feel breathless from all the climbing.

How weird!

Although I was always a healthy girl, I was never this invincibly healthy.

"Did my room really picked me up? If someone hear me, they would definitely send me to a psychiatrist for a checkup."

Shaking my head, I went to the study room to finish the sketch I started a week ago. If nothing, I could at least complete the sketch.

By the end of the day, I was too tired to keep my eyes open so I slept earlier than usual. A dreamless sleep is always welcome.

Ding ~

Ding ~ ~ ~

"Hmmm" I moaned when my sleep slowly starting to break.

Ding ~

I woke up with a jerk when I recognized what woke me up in the first place. It was ringing of a bell.

It sounded more like one of those huge bells from the church.

A bell?

Now, where is this gong sound of the bell coming from?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia's life is just getting messed more every passing day. What new twists will this baby bring in future?

Was it really sensors or was it something else that caused the doors of the secret room to open?

Putting yourself in Acacia's shoes, do you all understand her reluctance with her baby?

She is slowly warming up to the life growing inside her but her doubts are still there. Your views?

Why is there a bell gong early in the morning? What is happening?


###chapter 15
**Acacia Point of View**

Sitting up slowly, the first thing I did was rubbing my ears to assure that it was not my ears ringing but indeed a bell of sort.

Ding ~

I heard the gong again as I felt the vibration of the sound shook me a little. Getting down slowly, not hurting my belly or myself anywhere, I took careful steps towards the only window that was open.

So this island is capable of producing sounds! This is the first time I'm hearing a sound made not by nature.

If there was a huge gong here and it was ringing, then it is clear there was definitely someone here.

Holding the windowsill for support, I looked out to find where this bell was. There are five turrets visible from my window and since my window was facing the front of the castle, most of the parts of the fort can be seen clearly.

Usually a gong bell would be hung on the top of a turret and for a gong to make such sound; it must be really a huge one. I squinted my eyes at every turret as those parts of the castle are far from the wing I'm staying in.

I examined the top of each turret and found no bell whatsoever. Holding the windowsill tightly, I leaned my body out a little to see if there is a tower or a turret above the room I'm staying in.

If I was in my normal physical stature, then it wouldn't be so hard to even sit on the ledge of the window. With a pregnant belly on the way to do the feat, no matter how much I lean out, I couldn't see the top of the tower above.

With the huge belly I'm sporting, I was unable to bend my waist and if I attempt to do even a little, the whole weight of my body fell on the baby which was greatly uncomfortable. It make my balance unstable.

Turning my back towards the open window, this time I leaned back with the support of the window ledge again.

"This way I don't have to twist my waist." I nodded to myself approvingly and leaned back daringly.

I wouldn't have done it, risked it, if I don't have the mysterious man having a fetish to save me always. I don't know for what reason, but he always saves me from dangers.

But that doesn't mean I don't hate him and doesn't want to kill him. On contrary, this makes my thirst to inflict pain on him and kill him more. If it wasn't because of him, I wouldn't be here in the first place.

Anyways, let's see what is happening.

I bit hard on my lower lip as I gritted through the pain on my feet and bent back out of the window and looked up.

Thankfully, the sun is not up yet and the little light that painted on the horizons is enough for me to see. With a little more effort, I could see the long cylindrical tower raised above and on the top of it, a hit of metal can be seen.

That must be the bell.

"My God, my feet are killing me." I groaned as I slowly pushed myself inside. Once standing safely, I hissed when a sudden bolt of pain hit inside my stomach.

"Ouch" I hissed. "So this is how you feel when the baby kicks. Some strong kick that was." I mumbled to myself and rubbed my belly to ease the little pain the kick left me.

Some strong baby is growing inside me. One kick and it felt like air was choked out of my lungs. I had to sit for ten minutes to ease the pain before I walk out of the room to see what exactly was happening.

After a few more rings, the ringing stopped when the first ray of sun brightened up the sky. When I did not feel any pain in my belly or on my feet, I got up and walked out of my room.

The moment I stepped out of my room, I almost stumbled over my own leg at what I saw. My eyes widened and a gasp left my mouth at the sight of the whole hallway decorated by flowers.

Not just any flowers but a type of white flower that I did not see till that moment. Taking a side step, I picked the flower from the table beside and examined it.

The flower was so white that the petals can be said nearly transparent. It was the size of a sunflower with big petals stuffed closely all over. But what shocked me the most was not the flower itself but the stem of it.

The thin stem that held the flower on the top looked like a thin bone. No, it is a bone.

A thin long bone!

There is a nice scent coming out of the flower and if it wasn't for it, I would've thought that the flower was a mere prop made of some paper stuff. And the flower was naturally attached to the stem which means the bone was the natural part of the flower.

It was definitely a bone.

But how the hell does it make sense?

A bone? Seriously?

Putting the flower back on the counter, I went down the hallway and all along my way, I saw everything around was decorated in those white flowers and nice looking vines hanging down beside the bunch of flowers.

Stopping by the study room I have been using, I saw that the room was also decorated well. Frowning at it, I continued to walk and when I stopped in the centre of the fort near the stairs, I gaped at how beautiful the whole place looked when it was well decorated.

Is it a special day today? A festival or something?

It looked like one of those festivals from the far past. Just like a traditional event was being held, the whole place was wrapped in some kind of celebration.

Damn, this is so beautiful and just the touch of flowers gave life to the whole place.

The question now is, who did all this and why?

For a single person to beautify a castle of this size is hard and to do it in one night is nearly impossible. Surprisingly, there was no sound of such activities taking place the whole night.

This only means - One, there might be more than one person living here. Two, these supposed people know this place like the back of their hand to manage such a huge task without waking me up.

Or - Or there is something disturbingly supernatural about this which I'm trying to assure myself that isn't the case.

I thought of getting down to the living room and find out more but decided to go back to my room and get ready before doing so. With pregnant belly, I cannot walk down and up the stairs much so it's better I dress up appropriately.

Back to my room, I found it decorated in the same way as the whole castle is. A cup of hot chocolate and tray of breakfast was already waiting for me on the table.

There is no other way to reach my room other than walking through the hallway I did, then how did someone come up here, decorate my room and bring food from?

I stopped myself from dwelling on the details for now and went to have a bath before having breakfast. Once done with everything, I went down to the living room on the first story.

The handrails of the staircase were wrapped in flowers and vines. Beneath my feet, the softness I felt was flower petals spread generously on every step of the staircase.

Every floor and possibly every inch and corner were stuffed with flowers. I could see the similar pattern of adornment as I passed through each story.

It took me some time but I was able to climb down eight stories successfully without hurting myself. But then again, climbing down is easier than climbing up.

Once downstairs, I walked to the middle of the huge receiving hall with my mouth agape at the sheer beauty the fort has become.

I was stunned by it. The whole room was bright and smells so good. There were no candle lit around but light illuminated all over the place giving it a beauty that cannot be seen in candle light.

What exactly has lit the place up? I know there is no electricity here.

Just when the thought crossed my mind, a gush of wind touched me making me turn around and see where such strong breeze was coming from.

And when I turned, boy, was I astounded!

There, in front of me was the very dream I was having from the time I entered this damn haunted place. It was something that I always wished and tried for.

It was the main door. It's wide open!

The main doors are open!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Why the hell is the castle decorated?

Is it some kind of festival? If yes, they who decorated it where there is no other soul other than Acacia was living there?

How can there be a bone stem to a flower? What kind of flower was that?

The main doors are open? How? Why?

Will Acacia take this chance to escape?



###chapter 16
**Acacia Point of View**

I took uncertain steps towards the main door and stood in front of it a minute to see if the doors are really open or I'm just imagining it.

Gulping down, I touched the opened door and immediately knew how heavy it is. I mean, it easily weighs equal to one fully grown elephant.

Considering that, isn't it hard for one person to open it?

Even if he somehow accomplished it singlehandedly, doing it quietly without making any sound is not possible.

But the most important question now is, why, of all the time, the doors are open now?

I couldn't come up with a reasonable excuse for this hidden person to open the main door. This is certainly the most bizarre thing that happened in months of my stay here.

If he is so bent on locking me up here, not to forget that I'm pregnant now, why am I suddenly given a way to escape?

Gaping at the view outside that I haven't seen in months, I twirled around tentatively to look if there was something I'm missing. When all I found was just the new décor, I turned back to step outside.

When I reached the threshold, my leg hovered over it for a few moments still contemplating if I should step out or not.

This whole place is a pit of danger, who knows what happens next.

Deciding to just get out, I stepped out and the first thing I felt was the cool breeze of freedom filling my lungs. I inhaled the morning rays of sun, mist of early day and the scent of being unbound.

So this is how freedom feels like!

An automatic smile came over on lips. To say this is the happiest moment I felt in months is an understatement. Well, second happiest, the day I found the window of my room opened was the happiest one.

I took my time in observing everything and found that the stone path, the garden and the fountain is looks still the same as I remember from the other night which happened to be nearly half a year ago.

Only, everything is finely renovated and decorated in the same way the interior of the castle was. It doesn't look abandoned and haunted anymore. More like proper kingdom that would float with people and buzz with daily activities.

Setting aside all the changes, the events are just getting confusing. Everything I see tells me that there might me several people living here but I didn't see any one of them.

Heck, there are not even traces of someone living here except for me. How can there be traces of someone's presence and still not have traces of someone's presence?

"Hello!" I called out in a low voice, at least giving it a try that someone might indeed respond.

Although, by now I know I would never receive any response.

My eyes trailed over to the active fountain overflowing with water but what took my interest was not the fountain itself but the reservoir that situated in the middle of it.

The water reservoir was extended on the top by a pillar and on the top base of it is a torch lit with fire. The fire torch looks just like that of emblem. The fire is alive despite the morning fog and chilled breeze.

This must be some ritual! Otherwise, who in their right mind would light a torch in broad daylight?

I circled the fountain and appreciated it's beauty. There are several flower trees around and wind carried its petals in what looked like a petal rain.

The beautiful water fountain and petal rain surrounded by sweet scents, my goodness two eyes are not enough to behold such beauty.

The scent of cherry blossoms mixed with some other flowers cleansed my suffocated body. My mind felt so at peace and when the soft petals landed on me, soul left my body and went to heaven.

"How beautiful" I breathed out a chuckle when flower petals touched my skin and tickled the place it landed. My long hair flew along the direction of the gentle wind and saw few flower petals stuck there.

Taking a step back from the fountain, now that I look around clearly, the whole garden and the stone path and porch is filled with flower petals and it seems like the whole island is raining flowers.

I've seen many things in my life, many beautiful events and sceneries but nothing can beat this.

If there is a heaven up there somewhere, then it wouldn't be any different than this. I don't even have right words to express the beauty in front of me.

For a moment, I forgot all the suffering, all the fear, all the atrocities I've been through from past few months. I even felt the baby kick in joy.

"Oh yes, isn't it so beautiful." I pat my stomach with a smile. "You can feel it, don't you?" I asked as I rubbed my hand over my belly.

I'm sure the baby can feel it. I can feel the baby's happiness. Don't ask me how because even I don't know how I can feel it.

It must be the motherly attachment a mother would have towards her baby.

At that point, talking to the baby, feeling his emotions didn't feel as awkward as it always seemed. I realized there is a certain acceptance in my heart towards the baby.

After all it's as much my child as the mysterious person's.

And with that realization came another; I need to find my way out from here when I still have the opportunity.

And so, with determined steps, I walked through the long stone path and soon out of the premise towards the forest where there is a path to go down the hill.

Just at the edge of the path down, I came to a screeching halt when I looked at the crooked steep steps. My eyes found my belly and a loud scoff left my mouth.

"Of course. Of course I forgot about the pain that came with climbing the hill on this path." Another scoff of disbelief left my mouth.

"Of course you opened the doors for me. You knew I cannot go anywhere, cannot take risks while pregnant." This time, I did not talk to myself instead I said loudly knowing all well that the words would reach the right ears.

Biting down on my lower lip nervously, I stared at the crooked path that leads me down the hill and contemplated if I can safely go down.

"No no I cannot take risk with the baby's safety." I told myself as I grudgingly decided to go back to the castle.

If the main doors are still open tomorrow and the day after and the days after, I can try and find a safer way to go downhill. For the sake of escaping this hell I cannot put my baby's life in danger.

What if I stumble down on my way? No!

Stomping away towards the direction of the fort, I mumbled profanities at the damned person who put me in this situation in the first place.

How clever! He used the motherly instinct against me!

One day - One day I will hurt him and kill him with my own hands.

My previously brighter mood soured when yet again the damned haunted castle stood proudly before me in all its glory. Not wanting to go inside yet, I dragged my feet in the garden to enjoy the little fresh air I was allowed to have.

Fifteen minutes in my walk, I have reached the other side of the castle that wasn't visible to me from my window. Walking there, I saw a part of castle that was not attached to the one I'm living in.

This part of the establishment has its own grand entrance and a tower raising over it. The doors were wide open and by the looks of it, it must be some huge room that is fit for balls.

I wasted no time and passed through the doors and the first thing I noticed was two torches of fire lit on over the threshold on the top on either side.

I entered in a small room that looked like one of those waiting rooms from olden days. Few benches were arranged by another door that leads to alternate room.

Just like the castle this place is also similarly decorated. Looking around carefully, I walked into the adjacent room mindlessly.

Is this where the mysterious person hid himself all these days?

Are there more people here?

The moment I stepped into the adjacent room, the first thing I saw was how huge the hall was but again my attention was instantly grabbed by something else.

"My, my!" This isn't just any room.

There, in front of me, is room with chairs arranged on either sides and on the front, over the platform sitting proudly is a throne.

A throne fit for a king and queen to take their places.

This is isn't just any hall. This is a throne room!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Even though the doors are open she cannot escape. Such a pity!

She is starting to feel deeply for the baby she is carrying. Your views?

Acacia finally smiled after getting locked up in the castle for nearly half a year.

What festival is going on and why is there a throne room?

Is there a king and queen ruling that island? If yes, then are they still alive?


###chapter 17
**Acacia Point of View**

Grand!

Majestic!

The throne is studded with dark Agates and sapphires which looks really gorgeous. By the shine of the gems, I can tell they are real and not some fake crystals.

The throne Is a size of a love seat that is fit for two people; probably for both the king and the queen. Beside the throne on the right side is what I've seen before on every portrait in the secret room.

The scepter!

Interesting!

Intrigued by the gold made scepter that probably symbolizes this certain royalty kind, I touched it lightly. It's made of pure gold that my eyes almost got blinded by its sparkling shine. There were several gems that adorned the wand giving it a very rich look.

So this must be the throne room that the ruler and officials meet.

Why is this a separate part from the castle?

But then again, where do those ministers and other officials come from? The king and the queen, I understand that they used to live here in the castle but there are no other houses on this island to tell prove that citizens might also live here.

Let's say they live on the other islands around but there's only water and just water wherever I look. This is the only possible land in several thousand nautical miles.

Taking the chance, I snooped around to find something, some clues that might help me with the identity of the person who locked me here and who's baby I'm carrying.

I circled around the room, checked every wall, every chair, every table to see there is anything different but to my disappointment, the room is purely a throne room and there is nothing there.

The tower itself is specially equipped to be the great hall and there is nothing else here.

By the time I finished exploring this part of the castle, it was already noon and my stomach was already grumbling for food. Sighing at how pathetic my life has become, I dragged my feet towards fort where I'm staying.

I was hesitant to get inside because I was not sure the main doors would stay open or not. I didn't want to lose the chance to have a free walk outside in the garden. But no matter how reluctant I was, I knew I could only eat when I get inside.

Food is important too!

With heavy steps, I slowly walked inside. Entering the main hall, the first thing that caught my eyes was a table arranged in the middle of the hall. Closing in, I saw that on the table is -

A gown?

It was a while floral gown of my size which is kept here for me definitely. The gown is beautiful and elegant with Sakura like flowers painted on it.

The flower print gave a hint of modern feeling to the gown. Beside the gown, on a tray is a wreath made of white bone stemmed flower that is all over the place. On another tray is accessories and jewelry made of pure kind of gems and metals that matched with the dress well.

So, am I supposed to wear this?

"Am I getting sacrificed?" I voiced it out loud suddenly. "This looks like feeding a lamb before slaughtering it." Again, I voiced it loud to no one in particular.

No way! I'm not getting sacrificed, isn't it?

"Hey, if even a hair on my head is hurt, whoever you are, I'll haunt you for the next seven lives and drive your soul insane before giving up on you." I threatened, just to be on safe side.

Although there is a certain part of me confident that I will not be harmed, not with the baby growing inside me, there is still a part of me telling me that this mysterious person is not be trusted.

Who knows what craziness he comes up with next?

Picking up the dress and accessories, I stopped at the foot of staircase and heaved out with a groan.

"Not again! Climbing up eight stories and then climbing down again, I hate this planet." Followed by another groan, I climbed one story and decided to just change in one of the room from the first floor.

I was given a dress so it seems like there is something going to take place downstairs. Why climb up and down again and again.

First room I saw, I walked inside and soon changed into the gown I was given. Once done, I styled my hair and decorated with jeweled pins that were provided to me.

My face looks alright so I finished getting decked up by clasping a necklace around my neck and putting on the wreath on my head.

Once done, I stood before the mirror and looked at myself. Not boasting, I really look beautiful. The gown, the wreath, everything suited me just right. Even with my belly protruding out, I didn't look bad.

In fact the pregnant belly added more glory to me.

"But something doesn't feel right. Hmm!" I looked at myself in the mirror and wondered.

What is it?

After thinking for few minutes, I finally detected what it is. Loosening the straps of the gown behind, I dropped the sleeves off my shoulders and tightened the dress again.

"Of course, off-shoulder looks the best." Looking back at myself in the mirror, I was satisfied with the look.

Nodding to myself, I got out and walked back downstairs and found the main doors are still open; thankfully.

I'm hungry, should I go back to my room to have lunch?

My question was instantly answered when the scent of food wafted my nose. Following the scent, I walked out to the lawn where it led me.

There, in the lawn, is a huge dining table with heaps of varieties of food on it. I walked to the table and you name the food, it's there on the table. From starters to desserts there are just so many dishes that just looking at them made me both hungry and full.

There is only one chair and one serving cutlery placed which means all the food is for me. Not wasting one more second, I served myself healthy amount of food and wolfed down quickly.

I, as a normal human, cannot finish all the food but I did have my fill. The food was especially tasty and by the continuous kicks, the baby liked it too.

Just as I finished eating and wiped my hands and mouth, I heard the gong of bell again for the second time for the day. But this time, the sound of the bell is coming from the great hall of throne that I discovered earlier.

What now?

This mysterious person cannot stop doing all the weird stuff, can he?

Putting two pieces of fruits in my mouth, I walked towards the throne room to see what is happening.

Stepping inside, I immediately noticed a tray on the throne that wasn't there before. On the huge tray is a small bracelet kind of thing and a small rectangular wooden slate.

Picking up the bracelet, I saw that the bracelet is made of white beads. It was only when I looked at it closely and touched it did I thought that these beads looked a lot like polished bones and teeth.

It is definitely made of bones by the texture of it. But if it is indeed made of teeth, then they mostly probably used animal teeth seeing how big the beads are.

Now the question is, is this for me?

This mysterious person never seizes to give me a strange day. There is nothing normal about anything that is related to him.

Putting on the bracelet on my right hand, I picked up the wooden slate to see what the heck it is.

Why am I complying with everything? I gave up on question this mysterious person; for now. He will not show his face, will not take any tantrum from me nor will he solve my grief so for now, I gave up on his causes.

With a sigh, I examined the wooden slate up and down and found that there was something carved on the slate. On a keen notice, I saw that it was some words carved on it.

"Now, what is this?" I brought the slate close to my eyes and saw that the carving is in English but the words are random arrangement of alphabets.

Definitely not English language.

I looked at the plate and then around the hall to know what to do with this wooden plate. "Am I supposed to read it?" I wondered out dragging my attention back to what's written on the plate.

Krumn- krumsm- kru- kru-

How in the name of Satan is this pronounced? And this is only the first word in the heap of some twenty words.

What does this mean and why should I read this out?

"What exactly is this? A vow or pledge or some kind of mantra?" I asked knowing too well that I shall not be answered.

What if this is some kind of promise that I shouldn't make?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

What do you think about the story and its pace? Is it too boring?

What festival is it that opened doors to Acacia?

Why is she given all those accessories and gown for?

Your views on the bracelet and the wooden slate of writing?


###chapter 18
**Acacia Point of View**

"Whoever you think you are -" I started, slamming the wooden plate on the tray.

"You really think I'm foolish. Don't you?" I scoffed.

Putting the tray away on the table in front of me, I sat on the throne when I started to feel ache in my legs. Massaging my thighs a little, I hissed when I started to feel the strain on my feet.

"You could be making me take a pledge or promise that I shouldn't take. After all, I don't know what the writing on the wooden plate means." I looked at the writing and decided not to say that out whatsoever.

"One day this could be used against me and I shall be stuck in yet another mess which I will not let happen." I said out knowing too well that my words, somehow, can reach the supposed ears.

These days, I realized something important. After I gave up on finding this mysterious man for time being and am less scared of everything that is happening than I was in the past months, I kind of got brave enough to voice my thoughts out.

It is now that I understood giving up hope will give you a new source of courage. While others may call it being foolish, I say I'm getting braver.

After all, I don't have anything to lose; except the baby! But since this baby is as much important to the mysterious person too, he hardly have any leverage against me.

"I'm not reading this. You can go to hell and rot there for eternity." You don't want to rile up a pregnant woman.

I'm already moody and so out of character and you come with some nonsense mantra that makes no sense to me and shove it on my face to read it?

After all the things you did to me?

After keeping me locked in that haunted place all this while?

After making me pregnant, in God knows what manner?

Hell is a lenient place for you!

A few minutes later when the ache in my feet lessened, I decided to go back to my bedroom and rest a little. I'm tired and my muscles hurt from exhaustion, not to forget the painful kicks of the baby.

I stood up and stepped down from the platform to go back, I heard sound of flapping sound of bird. I was surprised that heard a sound of a presence of a bird because from the moment I stepped on this island, I have not seen any living thing other than myself and vegetation.

Birds and animals are like completely forbidden here. I did not see any kind of animal or bird till now.

Getting down the platform, I only took a couple of steps when the culprit that produced the flapping sound flew inside gallantly.

It was a hawk and a huge one at that. This bird has taken the healthy look to a whole new level. Not only was it huge, it looks sharp and muscular.

The bird flew through the great hall cutting the air with its sharp wings. Coming directly towards me, my heart started to pace faster and I wrapped my hands around my belly as if it would crash into me.

The hawk flew around the room in great speed and flew to me as I closed my eyes and screamed out in fright when I thought it would crash into me.

When I was not met with any hit, I slowly opened my eyes and looked around to see the hawk sitting on the armrest of the throne.

I blinked my eyes and squinted to study the bird. Its beak was bent down and very sharp. Claws like sharp razors that can cut through anything that comes its way. Feathers are long and large in rich brown and with dark relatively big eyes, this bird meant business.

Believe me when I say it looked muscular as if it works out every day.

On a closer look, I saw something that doesn't make sense. On the chest of the bird is the emblem imprinted on its skin. The same emblem that I saw everywhere in the castle.

"Now what do we have here?" I took a small hesitant step towards the bird. It did not move so I bravely took another step towards it.

I used to watch discovery channel a lot and this hawk looks much dangerous and bigger than those Mongolian ones. However, what I'm not sure about is that there is the same emblem on it.

Does it mean this bird is reared by the owner of the castle?

The emblem does not look like it was imprinted by external means. It rather looks more like a birth mark that is a part of skin and one with the body.

Okay... Now what is this bodybuilder like hawk doing here?

"You must be on the same troop that kidnapped me and keeping me here." I mumbled a bit loudly as if it can understand me.

The bird did not make a move to attack me when I closed in so I suppose this isn't here to hurt me. Only a supposition, though because I have no trust on anything here, living or dead.

After scrutinizing it for a while, I turned around swiftly and walked back to the main part of the castle towards my bedroom. No matter how interesting that bird was, it cannot help me relax my exhaustion. Sleep can.

When I was out strolling through the long lane of the garden towards the main building, I felt something.

I felt being watched!

I felt being followed!

I felt that I wasn't alone there.

And when I turned around to see who it was, I gasped at what it was. The hawk!

The bird was flying, behind me, slowly at my pace as if keeping an eye on me. I stopped and raised a brow at the bird as it continued to fly freely.

If this bird doesn't have the emblem on it and was a one which is not related to this island, I would've squealed in joy on seeing another living creature in months.

The emblem is the sign not to trust it and it doesn't belong to nature.

I continued to walk and a dozen steps later I found that the bird is still following me and stopped when I stopped.

"You can't be serious!" I grumbled as I walked a few more steps, this time cautiously as I observed the movements of the damned bird.

As expected it followed and watched me like a hawk.

"Stop following me and fly away." I shooed it away with my hand; tried to but it continued to be stubborn and followed me inside the castle.

"Alright, what do you want? Whoever raised you, you are as annoying as your master." I shooed him again.

Not only did it go away, that damn bird did not even feel threatened by me. The hawk flew away and sat on the railing of the stairs, as if waiting for me.

I shook my head and scowled at it as I climbed the stairs and noticed it following me. I stopped when I reached third story and turned back. The hawk flew to the handrail and sat on it as I stopped.

"This looks so tamed. Is this bird robotic?" It can't be. A mechanical one cannot look real to this extent.

"What is your problem? Why are you following me?" I asked nonetheless knowing too well I will not get any reply.

Heck, I would go insane if I get one.

Huffing at it with a deep scowl, I turned back and resumed back to climb the stairs and get back to my room. I took my time as I cautiously climbed step and being suddenly followed by another living thing is a little bothersome.

Don't tell me this is why this bird is here. To follow me everywhere!

I was watched like a hawk by the hawk!

After several months of being all alone and lonely, locked up and frightened, one day this huge bird is send to me to follow me?

Was this mysterious person's doing?

Of course it should be. But why?

By the time I reached the destined floor, the bird was still following me. "Alright, seriously, what is it do you want? What should I do so you go away?"

The damn hawk continued to sit leisurely on the furniture and blinked at me. It blinked as if it can understand me. For a moment there, I thought I saw a knowing flicker pass through those dark beaded eyes.

Hugging myself, I glared at the bird hoping I could scare it away but this creature is not only not scared but also flexed its body wide as If sitting proudly with honor.

Why is it so keen on following me?

A sudden thought clicked in my mind and I raised a brow at the proud bird.

"Are you perhaps a pet? Supposed to be my pet?"

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Do you think Acacia did the right thing by not reading what's on the wooden plate?

Why is there a hawk on the island all of a sudden?

Why is it following Acacia suddenly?

Acacia does not trust the bird just because it has the same emblem on it. You understand her point of view?

Your views on the guarding and following bird?

Is it really a pet? Supposed to be her pet?


###chapter 19
**Acacia Point of View**

I'm so done with this!

I glared at the hawk for the nth time in the past two days and seems like it doesn't care at all. The bird keeps following me everywhere except for my bedroom. Somehow, the bird does not enter my room, thankfully.

I've come up with several reasons for the bird that decided to follow me but none of them made sense.

First, I thought it was a normal overgrown bird that is just as happier to find another living creature on this island as me but when I found that emblem on its chest, it's a done deal.

Then I thought the bird is employed to keep a watch on me which it has been doing from the second it arrived but how can bird be an observer. Even if that is case, why would someone watch me right at the time when I cannot choose to escape whatsoever?

After several other ideas, the final one I concluded with was that the bird is here to be a pet. The bird has been annoying as he followed me everywhere but also listened to me when I asked him to keep his space from me and at time the bird did listen.

Only, how can a bird be too obedient and human like loyal to a person? I didn't raise it for it to be so familiar with me.

Thinking about all the incidents that happened in the past two days after the festival, I cannot decide if having this pet-ish hawk around is good or bad.

Shaking my head to myself, I sat on the only bench in the garden near the cherry blossoms. I'm grateful that the main door is not closed after the festival day. Even though climbing up and down several stairs is tiring, I would still not forgo the chance to take a walk in the garden and spend some peaceful time.

Looking at the hawk sitting on the branch just few feet away from me, I sighed and frowned at the damned bird.

"So you really are my pet?" I spoke after several minutes of being silent. The bird turned its head towards me and blinked its beaded eyes which I have no idea what it meant.

"Are you here to stalk me for your master?" I asked again to which the bird turned its head away.

Not to stalk, understood.

"Alright, you are a pet then. My pet?" I asked turning back my attention to the beautiful flowers knowing well that the damned bird is listening to me.

It listens, and listens too well. The bird always hears me out.

"You have one jerk of a master, you know. First he seized your freedom and raised you like a pet and then sent you to me. In my case, he somehow got me to this spooky island, lured me into the castle, imprisoned me inside and got me pregnant and what's absurd is I didn't even see a single living being until two days ago." I ranted as I took the chance to let it all out since I have a listening ear now.

But that doesn't mean I trust this bird. Absolutely not! Since I cannot get rid of it, I'm making better use of an enemy company.

"One day, if and when I meet your master, I plan on hurting him and kill him painfully." I said truthfully and shrugged when I saw the bird's eyes widened a little. I can't be mistaken. Even if it is a very minute change, I did notice the eyes widening.

Which means, the hawk somehow understands what I say.

"You have no right to get shocked. Put yourself in my shoes and you will understand my absolute despise for your master."

"Are you a female?" I asked after few moments of silence. When I looked at the bird, it flew slowly over my head circling around me for a few rounds.

"Alright, you are a male then." After it displayed its size, flying speed and style, I'm sure it wants to make me realize that he is a he.

Should I give him a name? I can't always call him 'the damned bird'.

Hmm, I as well just give him a name for convenience.

"It's tiring to call you 'the damned bird', 'that weird hawk', 'annoying creature'. Let me give you a name." I said as I turned my attention back to the male bird.

What should I name the damned bird?

"How does Azar sounds? In Spanish it means 'random'. Since your arrival was so random, I'll just call you Azar." The hawk did not turn its head or fly away which means he doesn't mind the name.

It doesn't matter even if he mind!

"Azar, now that I'm your master, would you help me beating your previous master to pulp when time comes? I could always use a muscular bird." I randomly asked.

It is no secret that I indeed have thoughts of hurting the mysterious person badly once I find him. I made my intentions clear and loud several times.

"Even if your previous master kiss the ground I walked on, I can never forgive him for what he did to me. I so hate him. " I shared without any fear.

I have a little advantage in the situation I'm in so I don't have to be afraid of most of things.

After vowing to avenge in deadly ways possible, I walked in sadly as the sun is almost setting. Soon I had dinner and went to bed but wasn't ready to sleep.

It's not that I wasn't feeling sleepy, I didn't want to sleep because I didn't want to dream. From the night of the festival, every night I had a same dream which had me wish I could never sleep.

Every night I see the same dream.

The first time, on the night of the festival, when I got the dream, I was so scared that what I felt in the dream seems so real.

I laid on the bed and thought about the contents of the dream while chanting to myself not to sleep. Soon, the familiar feeling embraced me and I was surrounded by thick fog.

Closing my eyes, I huffed out when I realized I was dreaming the same thing again which means I'm in sleep. As expected, I couldn't move my body, my feet are stuck where I was standing and I'm surrounded by thick smoke like fog.

The fog before me slowly cleared lightly, enough for me to see the shadow of a man standing before me with his back towards me.

"Are you into black magic? How can you make me dream exact same thing every night?" I grumbled angrily when that man did not even care to turn around and show his face.

"Welcome." The man spoke in his raspy low voice. This was the same voice that whisper called my name every now and then; the same voice I heard in another dream.

I don't know who this man is and how he is able to invade my dreams at his will.

"Is this some kind of hypnosis technique?" I know I will not get appropriate answer but still tried.

"You need to repeat it after me." He ignored my question and got to the point.

This has been the same from the past couple of nights. This man, whom I gathered must be the mysterious person, has been trying to make me repeat those words from wooden plate that I received on the festival day.

Well, if I would've followed his wish and repeated after those words after him, he wouldn't be here in yet another dream.

"No. I don't even know what it means and you want me to say those words? Never. You tell me first, are you the person who imprisoned me in this castle?" I asked him yet again expecting an answer at least now.

If only I could move my body, I would have not wasted the time and banged his head to something nearby. At least in dream I wish I could.

"This must be some hypnosis technique of yours." I continued.

"Krumsvlptarm firivag -" He ignored me again and continued to say the mantra.

"We can do this forever but I will never say those words." I am not giving in. Not to this jerk man.

"I told you, this is a mantra that a mother would chant asking the heavens to bless her with a healthy baby." He said the same shit again.

"I don't believe you. Turn around, show your face and talk." I demanded. I refuse to let him do as he pleases.

"Krumsvlptarm firivag -" He stopped waiting for me to repeat.

Ah, he doesn't take no for an answer I see. It's alright, I don't give a yes.

If he is stubborn, I can be his ancestor in stubbornness.

"You are stubborn, Eblilis." He pronounced, addressing me with the weird name he has been calling me since the first time he appeared in my dreams.

"As should I be."

You can go to hell but I will not do your bidding.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

The hawk is her pet. Is it really there to be her pet?

Why is Azar guarding her? On whose command?

Who is the man who has been appearing in her dreams?

Why is he hell bent on making Acacia repeat the mantra?

Do you think Acacia's stubbornness is reasonable? 

I think she should be stubborn and should not fall for any tricks after what she has been going through.


###chapter 20
**Acacia Point of View**

The next morning was the same as usual; except for the newly added course of dream that started to appear every night.

I felt satisfied though. Just the thought of rejecting that man for anything felt greatly pleasing.

I don't know why reading the script on wooden plate is so important and I don't believe it is just a blessing prayer for a pregnant woman. I'm not a fool. But since he is so adamant about using drugs and hypnosis to appear in my dreams and demand I read that prayer, then I will definitely not.

Heck, he isn't even showing his face.

Alright, be all secretive and tacky, I will not read that prayer do what may. Appear in my dreams every night, even though I couldn't move in those dreams, I can still annoy you and kill you with words.

That mysterious man doesn't expect me to docile and scared just because he is keeping me here against my will. Months of living here, I was now brave and clever enough to know I am an important person right now.

"Your previous master thinks he can get what he wants if he scares me in my drug induced dreams. Well, those days are gone." I casually said to Azar as a part of a casual conversation I have been having with my pet these days.

When he continued to blink his black beaded eyes at me, I shrugged as I ignored the knowing look that passed in his eyes.

For a bird to give those emotions is senseless; even though that bird is a pet and well trained. His expressions are too human like and so to keep my sanity intact with myself, I started to ignore them.

I know if I think about everything deeply and analyze them, I will definitely go crazy with fear. It's better I ignore a few things.

For an over-thinker like me, it's an opportunity to practice restrain in thinking too much.

"So you know who this mysterious man is who planted a baby in my tummy, yes?" I asked, putting the croissant that I was eating aside and rubbed my hands as I turned my attention towards Azar.

"Is there a way that I can know who he is and what he looks like?" I asked a little expectantly.

But like I already know, this damned bird is still blindingly loyal to his ex-master. He did not make a move, did not even look at me.

Why come to me when that jerk of a mysterious person is still his top priority?

"Fine, keep kissing that jerk's ass."

As days passed by, the baby growing in my belly has become closely attached to me. He or she became 'the baby' to 'my baby'. My baby has been quite active these days.

He has been kicking a lot and I can feel him moving in my belly. Sometimes, I wake up in the middle of the night when I feel ache in my stomach due to his movements.

The lack of good proper sleep was making me cranky and during day time, I could hardly have a nap all thanks to the very active baby.

One good thing is that my baby accepts all the food I eat. I do have some cravings every now and then but my baby has been quite accepting anyways.

Azar, despite his loyalty towards his previous master, was being a better company. I realized it was better to have him around than being all alone.

I've been feeling less lonely these days. But the thoughts about my family and friends never left my mind at all.

I wonder what they are doing now. Did they think I was dead? Or merely missing? Are they still searching for me?

What about my friends? Are they still alive or something bad happened to them in the shipwreck?

The pregnancy hormones have been making me more concerned about things than I usual. Will I ever be able to meet my family again?

Rubbing my belly with my hand, my mind filled with the ideas of escaping from this island nonetheless of being heavily pregnant.

Nodding to myself for the sudden idea, I walked out of the fort into the lawn and then gradually out of the castle premises to walk around and see if there is another way to go downhill.

A safer and a convenient way!

I strolled around carefully over the rocky path and made sure I don't walk in hasty pace. Although the castle was sitting on the topmost part of the hill, there are still places around the establishment that might possibly have some kind of passage.

I turned around the huge totem and took path behind it which I haven't ventured yet. The totem has always been there but why it is there of all the places is what I always wondered.

There's else nothing around the totem as the figure is standing alone. The past few days, I did take strolls around but never with the intention of finding a way out of here.

The narrow rocky path behind the totem, I did not explore the place yet. On either side of the very narrow path are thorns and weeds grown wildly. The thorns pricked me as I walked down the path and there are small branches leaning over in my path which I had to bend and put them away.

"Are you not tired of following me?" I asked without turning back to the damned bird.

Azar has always followed me and has been following me from the moment I stepped out of my room. Even when I took strolls on the other days; he followed me like a dog and watched me like a hawk.

Ignoring his nosy nature, I continued to walk down the path which seemed to be too long. Everything I saw was jungle and jungle only. After walking for nearly ten minutes, I almost decided to give up on continuing to go on this pathway, if not, if not for something I saw that looked a little far away.

The jungle was not that thick and the trees and plants are not that high as they were a few meters ago. A few more steps forward, I could see what was in front of me and around me clearly and my view is not blocked by the woods.

There, ahead of me, several meters far, is another hill which is made of blackish grey rock. Unlike the other one, this is just a rock hill and there is no vegetation on it.

On a curious spree, I continued to go towards the rock hill. As I got closer, the view got better and clear. It was only when I was just a few steps away from it did I notice something that both interested and cogitated me.

At the foot of the hillock is a medium size opening in it.

"A cave?"

Wasting no time, I went inside the cave without thinking anything. There are sure no animals in this place so getting hurt from bats or snakes or some other wild creatures; not nearly possible for now.

Also, thankfully, the cave is not complete pitch dark which I appreciate al lot. Although the path was irregular, I managed to keeping going without much difficulty.

"Hmm, this place doesn't smell bad at all. I've visited a few caves before in my trips, Azar." I started, seeing the hawk following me religiously.

"Few of those caves were tourist spots but still smelled very bad even though they were supposedly maintained well. Most caves do have a kind of rotten smell that they emit but not this one." I continued.

Although the place is not completely dark, it is not finely clear too. I did stumble a little here and there but it wasn't that bad.

The inside of the cave is not too wide or too narrow. It was enough to fit three to four people at once. I could hear my heartbeat in my ears as I passed through.

"Wait, what's that sound?" I stopped in my tracks as I heard something familiar.

The sound was faint but I can still hear. I know what it is.

With a smile, I supported myself against the wall and continued my quest. As I walked further, the sound got clearer and near.

"Do you hear it to, Azar?" I asked as a laugh escaped my mouth.

The whole route in the cave is one long straight path which made easy for me.

Putting one hand on my waist and the other on the wall beside me, as I proceed down, the path started to get brighter gradually.

There must be an opening on the other side too. That's amazing!

With an excited smile, after a few more strides, I was now standing at the entrance on the other side of the cave.

And I couldn't be any happier.

There, in front of me, is the endless view of water stretching for miles. The water crashed over the rocks as waves hit in.

"The sea. The beach. The cave lead us down to the beach, Azar. We - we did it." I squealed as made fast strides towards the sea.

Finally!

Finally, there was indeed another way!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia and her pet got a little close. Your views?

Acacia is now a little determined to find another way out and escape the island.

She found the cave and the path that leads her down the hill towards the beach. Will she be able to escape?

Even if she found the way to sea, can she really escape? Escape how?

Does this venture of hers close doors of castle forever? Will she be locked inside the fort again?

How is she planning to get out of the island anyway?



###chapter 21
**Acacia Point of View**

My lips pressed tightly in contemplation.

Biting down my lower lip as I couldn't decide what to do, I sat down with a huff. I looked around offhandedly at the study room I have been using, I sighed again in dilemma.

Alright I found a way to get back to the sea but then what?

I can't swim all the way back. The days I've spent beside the only opened window, I did realize that in all these days, no boat, no plane or just any other things passed the territory around the island.

Although I watched only a small part of the sea from the window, I can tell this island and the waters around is completely abandoned. I did not hear any sound of steam engine.

Now that was what worries me. I thought finding the way back to the sea is enough to escape this place but now that I realized my problem, I don't know how solve it.

The long hours I spent on the seashore last afternoon wasn't producing as well. I looked around again and it was still the same. There was no other land in eyesight.

There might be one after traveling by water for awhile but how do I travel? I've already looked careful and found no means of water transportation.

Another disappointed sigh left my mouth as I slumped back again the backrest. My eyes wandered around the room and soon they fell on the building model I made.

Getting up from the chair slowly, I walked to the wooden model and looked at it with concentration. Trailing my fingers over it, I fell in thoughts again.

Should I build a boat?

When I can build a house, building a boat is nothing, but in this condition -

I looked down at my pregnant belly and patted it gently. My baby deserves better than to be a pawn in mysterious person's game or worse become a person like that jerk. So, it necessary that I take my child out of this mess.

Only, making a simple model is easy but carrying heavy logs of wood and building a huge boat that too in this condition is nearly impossible.

Had I been in my normal caliber, I wouldn't be much of a task. This time around, I should think not just about myself but also for my baby.

What should I do?

I can still make the boat and be careful but it is still risky to such strenuous work.

Pulling my attention back to the bump, I considered my baby's stand in the task.

I still have approximately two months until my delivery, even if I work carefully and slowly, I can make a simple boat in a month and a half.

There are few bamboo tress a few meters inside the jungle. Bamboos are much lighter and easy to cut and use. Making wooden levers may take a little time but it can still be fulfilled.

It is better I make a paddling mechanism with a lever on the inside of the boat for my convenience than use paddles.

"Let's give it a try." I told myself with determination.

Since I only had my lunch just a few minutes ago, I'm free for several hours until dinner. I decided to start the work right away.

Azar, who was sitting on the table silently without any quacks until now spread its wings to follow me like always.

This time, I took a few candles and fire stick along with tools and soon went down the hill through the cave. It didn't take a long time like the other day. Since I know the direction well now, it only took few minutes to travel down.

Once my feet touched the sand, I dropped all the tools on the ground and walked towards the place where there are several fallen trees for some strong wood.

Once I make the rotating paddling mechanism, making the boat itself becomes easy. Then I can decide if I have to use wood or bamboos to make the rest of the boat depending on the weight and size of the paddle.

I got to work right away. By 'got to work right away' I meant struggling with splitting the wood.

I'm a fool, seriously!

"Stupid Acacia, you have wood, you have axe, is that enough? Don't you need to have experience and needed strength?" I face palmed first and tried to cut that stubborn wood again.

I raised the axe and dropped the sharp end on the wood, not only did it not split; there isn't even a scratch on the log.

Like really?

Gosh, if there was anyone here, I would've dug a pit for myself to hide my embarrassment. Thankfully, it's only Azar who shrill screamed under its breath.

For the next week, I was extremely tired but failed to split at least one log of wood. Heck, I didn't even manage to scratch the damn wood.

After a week, I realized my mistake of wasting my time on wood and overestimating my caliber; so I decided use bamboo to make the paddling mechanism too.

Handling bamboo was easier than hardheaded wood so once I procured needed bamboos for the day, I proceeded to make the boat with the model I have in mind.

I started to make the mechanism first as per the original plan.

"Working alone while you sit like a king, I cannot bear it. My eyes hurt whenever I see you lounge around me while I'm struggling." I stopped what I was doing and threw a stinking eye towards Azar, the damned bird.

Azar did not even give my words any weight as he relaxed on the tree he was sitting from the time we came.

"Don't you guys make your own nest? When I see you, the tool of your ex-master, relaxed, I cannot bear to digest it. Come and help me."

You can call me envious but it's okay. I was given a pet; I as well utilize him to the fullest.

"Get me those ties." I ordered, getting back to my own work.

I heard Azar flap his wings as he flew to me and dropped the ties he dragged. "He really does understand me." I mumbled softly to myself.

Very well!

I did not work myself to death, I took it easy. I know how long can I handle, I know when to stop and rest. After all, escaping is important but my baby is my top priority.

I took my time and never hurried. All these days, I was provided with food and other necessities as usual and the main doors of the castle is still open.

Azar is still following me which means his ex-master knows what I'm up to. Even without Azar on my back, that jerk usually knows all my movements.

Now what I make me wonder is, why he is letting me do what I want. Shouldn't be stopping me, imprisoning me again?

Either he thinks I cannot make it or he is sure I cannot make it.

But if I do manage to make it out of here against his expectations, I've be a free bird. I can give my child a better life.

Exactly twenty four days later, I was finally done with the paddling mechanism. After several trial and errors, many improvisations, I was finally satisfied with the result.

"How does it look?" I asked Azar with a proud smile.

Since he has been providing with his services as my assistance these past few days, he deserves to see the outcome. I might as well say, we got close these past few days.

By no means have I trusted this bird but still, I did get comfortable with him around.

I kept looking at the mechanism with a proud smile and waited and waited but did not see him or hear his screeching quack. Only when I turned back did I notice that bird had his eyes closed and possible sleeping.

"Another reason to hate you." I puffed out. "Fine sleep."

I was done for the day so I dragged the mechanism to somewhere safe where waves cannot touch it. So I pulled it into the cave and put it securely in one corner.

Hearing me drag the heavy thing, that damned bird finally woke up and followed me again.

"Once I complete making it, will you still follow me to my home or will you still slave for your ex-master? Since that jerk is too controlling of a criminal, I don't think you can leave this island." I breathed out once the mechanism is secured.

It was quite heavy.

I stood there and leaned back to the rock wall and took deep breaths until I was not dizzy and hyperventilating.

Azar blinked back at me uninterested, showing clearly how loyal he is to that jerk.

A few more days, a little more and I can finally leave this hell.

A few more days more!

But the question is, will I be able to? Can I?

Why do I feel like I'm being played?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Acacia's efforts to escape the hell was taking some shape. Will she successfully escape though?

Isn't she having it too easily after being locked up?

Azar and Acacia for a little closer over time. Will Azar help her escape?

Don't you think Azar has some kind of swag in him?

Why is mysterious person letting her have her way?

###chapter 22
**Acacia Point of View**

A few more days I will be free!

How wrong I was I didn't know at that time.

I was getting happier and excited as days went by. There was no doubt I was hell tired with all the work but the thought of getting the hell out of here is my push.

The construction of a boat was slowly taking a shape. It was a heavy manual labor and for a pregnant woman to accomplish is not just tough but even risky.

I still took the risk with the hope of giving myself and my baby a better life. Although well provided with, this place is no less than a hell.

But there was something that always made me question about. Why is that mysterious jerk not stopping me?

Is he not here at the moment?

That can't be since I do get my meals every day without a minute delayed.

Even though I want to know what else is going in his mind, there are many more things I don't know so one more added to the list is alright.

By the time I completed building the boat, I was just past my eighth month. It took me a long time than I assumed but it's alright. As long as I succeed in escaping, it's alright.

Once the mechanism was built, building the boat did not take that long but the problem arose when I had to connect the levers and the paddling system.

One part of the paddling system goes beneath the boat and the other on the top of it along with the levers. The mechanism in itself is a simple yet a brilliant one but the problem was after a little while the rotating wheels and the lever get out of rhythm and worse, get stuck.

Again, trial and error is what happened for a few days. I had to drag the boat to the shallow parts of the water to test and would operate the mechanism for hours to check its strength and sustainability.

In my first five trials, the issue I faced was after using the levers for few minutes, they broke. Without those levers, I cannot operate the whole mechanism so I use several materials, combination of many things to finally come up with the one which doesn't break easily and if broken; it can be easily replaced and fixed.

Then there came the issue with the wheels and the paddles getting stuck either from out of rhythm or when something from outside get stuck in it.

That took me a very long time to solve. To have a smooth sail, I tried it on waters for several days for several hours every day solving one problem at a time from minor one to major one.

At last, I came out of warzone with a boat that is exhaustion free and which can be freely operated.

And so, finally, the day has come when I tied my hair in a high pony, dressed myself in comfortable ones, and packed a couple more dresses for traveling along with some food.

I saved a small share of my breakfast and lunch to pack them to go. I also found fresh vegetables and preserved food as usual which I'm very thankful for.

Finding a medium sized case in one of the rooms on seventh floor, I packed everything and was ready to go.

Ready to leave the mess behind.

Ready to put this hell back and return back to my normal life.

Carrying the traveling case eight floors down by stairs proved to be tough job than I expected. When I finally got down after a lot of struggle, I had sit down for full fifteen minutes to calm my racing heart.

Before stepping out of the damned castle I checked if I have everything I needed.

Five bottles of drinking water - check.

While I was making boat, I made bamboo bottle since this place has no water containers and food containers.

Basic tools - check.

I might need them when there was any problem with the boat again or when I find another island to halt.

Vegetables, fruits and preserved food - check.

Cooked food for dinner - check.

Clothes and blanket - check.

Candles and fire sticks - check.

All my sketches and the model I built - check.

Every day, while going down the hill, I took one of each and stored them in the cave in case it might become hard for me to take everything at once.

Now, with only a suitcase full of clothes and set of water bottles, I am all set to go.

Going down the hill with the entire luggage proved to be another trouble for the day. Lifting them did not work so I just tied a to them and dragged them.

All the time, Azar has been following me dutifully; never helped be and just watched me work like a cow.

Soon, I loaded my luggage onboard and untied the rope from the anchor. If it was any other place, I would've left few words to the place but this place gave nothing but misfortune.

Only good thing was the baby in my belly.

Right, I have the baby so a few words are alright I guess.

"I hope the sea swallow this whole island. May the jerk of this place suffer for what he inflicted on me. If, by any means, my friends are not well and it happened because of the jerk, may he live with the pain that has no cure. Thank you for giving me this baby. Although it was by force and by keeping me in dark, he is still mine and I will give him a better life than a psychopath with minimum common sense like you ever can."

I spoke without taking a break to breath and once I was done, I felt good. It felt like a little burden my heart is taken away.

"Have a bad life." I concluded as I sat on the bench and started to move the levers. One long look at the island, I realized when I wished bad for the place and that jerk, I really meant it.

I never cursed someone with misfortune but this mysterious person and the possible lot with him has changed me a lot in these past few months.

I'm not even surprised that I meant every word I said. That is how he made me feel. I wasn't just alone, I lonely in all these past months.

"Goodbye Azar." I waved at the bird who kept flying in circles over my head. "Although you are loyal to that jerk, you are still a bird who cannot decide your own destiny. So I wish you well." I gave the hawk a small smile and with one deep breath, I started moving.

Azar flew above the boat for a while and later sat on it as I continued to paddle. That was his decision, to go along with me and I let him.

Even if he were to betray me, he can only lead his jerk master to me or else, he can never make me turn back from my voyage. Either way it is in my benefit.

When I meet that jerk, I can beat him or better kill him somehow and continue this journey.

"I have a younger brother who loves birds and animals, when we reach home, I'm sure you and my brother will become fast friends." I told Azar when I felt too excited to meet my family again.

It has been nearly three hours on the water and from the moment we started, I saw nothing but water. The paddling mechanism I made reached beyond my expectations. It continued to be a smooth sail and convenient one.

Too smooth that I started to feel that there was something wrong going on.

The sea has been too cooperative. The waves weren't too much and most of the time, the water didn't move at all.

Nonetheless, I continued my journey and did not let those bad thoughts invade my mind.

A few more hours later, I still did not see any land and it was starting to get dark. Azar has been very obedient and quiet and just sat there on the edge of the boat as he accompanied me.

Hmm, seems like I have to take rest onboard tonight. My hands already hurt from working them for several hours.

I looked at the calm water and decided to stop the boat and rest here on the boat until the next morning.

It is only when I stopped paddling and decided to rest did I realize how chilling it got. From the suitcase, I pulled out the cloak and wrapped it around myself.

Once warm and comfortable, I pulled out the packed food and served it in two portions. One for me and the other for Azar with only meat pieces.

"Let's eat, birdie. We have a long trip to continue tomorrow."

Tomorrow will bring new light by the old sun.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

How come Acacia's escape was too easy?

She even managed to get on boat and get away. Your views?

Do you guys understand her state of mind when she cursed the mysterious jerk?

Will she able to find a town or a land soon?




###chapter 23
**Acacia Point of View**

The morning sun hit me with bright and pleasant rays.

My mouth automatically curved up into a smile as I got comfortable in my sleeping position and snuggled more into myself.

It felt amazing after having a great sleep last night. Although it was just a small boat, hard and uncomfortable to sleep, surprisingly it not feel all that hard and cold.

In fact, It feels like I was laying on the clouds. It must be because of the blanket I got from the castle that I smell familiarity around me.

I hummed in happiness as I continued to sleep for few more precious minutes before I had to wake up and continue on my journey.

At first, I thought it was because of the drowsiness but as my senses slowly started to wake up, I felt odd. It felt strange.

Strange because it felt... too familiar.

Although the waters are calm, a boat on water surface still moves. When I did not feel that movement, I gave up lazing for few more minutes and opened my eyes reluctantly, chanting prayers that everything should be fine.

And so it is!

I looked around and everything was indeed fine. The bed, the open window, the nightstands, the tea tables and everything.

I looked at myself and touched myself if I was dreaming or woke up to see the reality. I had to pinch myself hard to realize that I was indeed in my bedroom in a nightwear, in the castle.

"What the hell am I doing here?"

"Impossible!" I gasped throwing the sheets away from me and got down from the bed. Moving to my window, I looked out and realized where the pleasant rays of sun were coming from and where exactly I am.

"So I'm in the castle back? Again?"

Did I even leave?

That sudden ominous thought struck my raging mind. It doesn't make sense, right? Last night, I was on the boat in the middle of the sea and in the morning, when I woke up, I'm on my bed in the castle.

Was it a dream?

A dream that realistic? But if it's a dream, why do I kind of have a muscle memory of the journey.

I can feel it my veins and bones and skin about the trip. If the supposed muscle memory was wrong, then why the hell the dream was so real and stimulating?

If the memory was right; this was when the important question stands up. How did I end up here again?

I shook my head when several thoughts and possibilities stormed my mind like flies. Still in a pit of confusion, I gulped down the hot chocolate and showered before having my awaiting breakfast.

I did everything fully confused and contemplating about many things at the same time. The first thing I saw when I stepped out of the room was Azar.

The proud bird was sitting on a side table as he waited for me to grace my presence. The moment my eyes found him, I eyed him up and down questioningly.

Without even uttering a word, I ignored him and walked down to see if the doors to my freedom are still open.

And thankfully, they are.

I soon got out of the castle and went down the cave towards the seashore. I don't want to think that my days of hard work in building a boat was a possible dream too.

I was yet again thankfully proved wrong when I found the boat I made anchored by the sea. That was where I left the boat before the day I escaped.

If the boat is still here and in good condition, then does that mean I dreamt about the whole escape?

But it can't be! How can a dream be so vivid that I can even feel the experience from inside my body?

No, something is extremely fishy here.

I looked back and squinted my eyes at the damned bird who was flying around me.

"What exactly happened, Azar?" I asked although I know he cannot talk nor can I get any proper answer from him.

Like I did few minutes ago, it was the bird who ignored me this time and continued to fly around leisurely.

His action clicked something in me. So, I've decided what I have to do next.

Once more, that noon after I had my lunch, I packed some food, water and clothing and came down the hill to leave.

If that was really a dream, then this time I will surely escape; for real.

Putting the luggage onboard, I slowly climbed on it and unanchored it. The ambiance, the feel when I sat on it was so real that it almost drove me crazy.

Before I started to paddle, I looked above to see Azar flying close by.

"Azar. Azar." I called out and by the second call, he flew to me and rested on the lever in front of me.

"Don't follow me, Azar. I will take it from here. This is my trip, my escape and I don't want to - bother you." Saying, I shooed away the bird from the lever and started to paddle the vehicle.

An hour later, the damned bird is still following me. Clearly, my words did not mean anything to him.

Very well!

"It's an order, Azar. As your current master, I order you not to follow me and return back to the island." With a tinge of authority, I spoke strongly, enough for the bird to retreat.

Good. If it was because of Azar that I back to castle, be that real or dream, then I rather not have him with me.

If the bird is the tracking source for the mysterious jerk, he cannot track me now.

This time, I took another route. This time, I started to go southwards, alone and not really afraid.

I moved and moved but there was nothing but water around. How come there was no land at all even after moving for so many hours?

By the time it was time for the sun to set, there was still nothing to settle for the night on. Pinning hope on finding a way out of the sea, I decided to move for few more minutes and have dinner a little later.

My limbs ached, my head ached, I felt cold, tired and hungry and almost gave up on paddling any further.

Almost!

If I didn't see something faraway, I would've really decided to stay. Since the sun did not go down yet, I could vaguely see something that isn't blue in the distance.

Although the outline of a possible land, island was blur and far away, it is farther than it appeared. So I decided to eat something, gain energy before moving.

Soon, I opened the box, had the cooked food and fresh fruits I got from the castle. Wrapping a cloak around myself, I finally moved again after an hour once I'm not hungry and cold.

Everything felt too familiar except, this time I actually found another land. Even the water was calm and there were no major waves crashing in.

"Please let it be occupied. Please let there be people there. Please let it be a village or a town. Please let me find someone that can help me. Please let me finally escape this hell."

I chanted, prayed to the God above as I operated the levers again as I led the water vehicle towards the distant land that is getting clearer as we moved towards it.

As night fell, I immediately lit candles. Although I couldn't see anything beyond few feet ahead but since the boat is moving in straight general direction towards the land, I still felt relieved.

"Oh dear, why do I have a strange feeling inside?" As I was slowly getting towards the direction of the land, the feeling kept getting stronger.

It was because of being locked in the castle or staying on the island for so long, I was getting easily paranoid.

"Baby, do you think we can finally find our destination?" I asked my baby as I rubbed my belly. "You know, I want you to meet your grandparents and your uncle. Let me tell you, they are amazing people to live with and they will love you no matter what." I said as memories of my family flashed before me.

While I had a light conversation with my baby, we slowly got closer to the land. The candles that were placed on the front of the boat showed the water getting shallow as moved.

"We are close, baby. We are almost there." I said and looked ahead.

To my disappointment, there was no reflection of lights or candles coming from the island which means either this is another abandoned island or the residents are already down for the night.

Please let it be occupied. Please God!

In few minutes, the boat hit the land and swayed slightly. I smiled and raised the candles stand to take a better look at the place I reached.

"Look baby, we've reached the destinati- what the -"

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Why is Acacia back in the castle? Was it really her dream?

If not, then how was she back?

Will this attempt on escaping the island succeed?

Will Acacia finally get herself and her baby out of the hell?

Where did she reach? What was that destination that made her speechless?



###chapter 24
**Acacia Point of View**

Earth is round! I never knew I would get a proof of it in such a way.

From far away, in the dark, I could only see the outline of a mountainous island. But only when I got to the shore and anchored the boat did I see what exactly it is.

Hell!

The same hell I've been living from past few months.

"You must be kidding me." I gasped. The light from my candles and the light coming from the castle inside gave me a clear indication of where I was.

But my question is, how can a person go straight ahead and still came to the same place she left behind?

It's not like I misdirected the vehicle. It's not like I swayed from my path. It's not like I went in circles. If it's not any of those reason then how?

My head started to kill me when the ache increased several folds every passing moment. I didn't if should laugh in ridicule or cry at my fate.

If the first escape I thought I dreamt of wasn't a dream, then is this how reached back? Did the water currents lead the boat back to this place and the jerk got me back to my bed?

As much as I'm supremely irritated right now, I cannot help but feel helpless and a little scared.

The fact that I returned back to the same place I left scared me. It was the abnormal fact that scared me most.

I always felt that this place is fishy on many levels but this, I never expected. I can still understand the super command that the jerk have over the castle and the island but the way I returned back to the hell after the whole day of trip was quite perturbing.

To me honest, this place has always been a lot spooky but staying here the past few months has strengthened my heart a little.

But this a whole new level of spookiness.

It's like someone is playing a game.

It's like I'm being played.

With a loud huff, I plopped down on the bench on the boat feeling pretty helpless. I didn't know what to do.

I don't know what else to do.

I exerted myself in this condition, did everything I can to just get out of this place and yet. No matter what I do, I seem to come back here by will or by anything otherwise.

I feel like a ball being played. When it hits the wall, it comes back to the player with double force.

Such a fool I am!

As if on cue, the damned bird flew towards me and sat on the anchor as if he is waiting for me to get down and get back to the fort like an obedient prisoner.

Pinning the bird with a hot glare, I dropped my head down with a defeated sigh. I combed my hair back with my hands and rubbed my face roughly as frustration is getting to me hard.

"I can't believe I came back after all the pain I took to get the hell out of here." I chuckled mirthlessly with a hint of mockery in it.

"Your ex-master must be on cloud nine for playing me. When I was away, trying to get back to my family, to my normal life, struggling to make a boat and paddle it through an endless sea, were you and your master having a laugh of your life?" Again, I pinned Azar with an accusing glare.

"Why am I even asking? You must've laughed your heads off." Tears of aggravation trailed down my cheeks and an involuntary hiccup left my mouth.

"I hate you all." I said without looking at the damned bird. I feel so disappointed and down that I don't even want to look at him.

"I hope you all suffer thousand times than I do. Hand on my heart, I genuinely wish you go through same helplessness like I am feeling right now. Do you even know what that jerk snatched away from me?" My hands formed into a tight fist.

Azar did not dare move from his place and I didn't want to move. The feeling of vulnerability was too much for me to bear. It must be because of the pregnancy hormones that all my feelings are amplified but even without those over-driven hormones, I still hate this situation and the jerk as much.

"I was taken away from my life, kept me here against my will, forced me away from my family; on the top of it I'm - nevermind. Why am I even telling them to you? If you people have any conscience then I wouldn't be here in the first place."

For several moments, I was quite, dwelling in my own thoughts. Tears did not seize to flow from my eyes. The feeling of mental exhaustion is quite heavy which was showed by the overflowing tears.

I feel like a lamb that was raised carefully only to be killed and eaten once it grew enough.

A sudden thought of what would happen to me once the baby is born came to my mind. What would happen to the baby once he is born?

A chill ran down my spine when I saw myself in the place of the lamb that is about to be killed once I give birth to the baby.

At that thought, I suddenly realized that all the care, all the saving, all the protection I received these past months are nothing but mere means to meet ends.

Jerk's means to get the baby!

I unconsciously ran a hand over my well grown belly when the thought of either my baby taken away from me or both of us getting stuck here forever came to my mind.

If my calculations are right, then in a couple of weeks, I'll be ready to give birth. Then what?

"I cannot live like this anymore. I cannot put my life and my child's life in danger by living under a jerk." I shook my head as I told myself that I have to do something.

I don't want to die; not now.

Months ago, when I first stepped on this land, when I was drenched in rain almost close to death, I didn't have much hope.

But not now. I have a child now. I have a responsibility now. I will have a new family member that would come from me.

Turning around, I pulled the levers again and started the boat. "I will leave no matter what. I rather spend years in the middle of the sea alone than stay here." Saying, I paddle away slowly.

I can be stubborn sometimes. This time, I think this is a necessary stubbornness.

Although I'm disheartened and have not much energy to go any further, I still chose to get away with the little power I have.

My eyes shook and my head felt dim as dizziness clouded me. My heart raced fast and lips quivered as the cold slowly started to set inside me.

Going a little far away, I stopped paddling anymore and hugged myself with shaking arms. It's not just my hands but my whole body is shaking now; not with cold but with fatigue.

I'm close to collapse, the state of my mind and heart is uneasy and soon the reason for such uneasiness slowly introduced itself.

It was a couple of hours after I stopped in the middle of the sea and chose to sleep for awhile until I was strong enough to continue in the morning, I felt weird.

My body ached and more, my stomach started to give me pangs of pain every now and then.

It felt so uncomfortable.

I twisted and turned but the soreness continued to pester me. It was not the continuous pain, the pain came in hits, in contractions.

Gasping for extra air, I sat up and rubbed my belly when another pang of pain hit me. That made me hiss loudly.

My sides hurt, my back is killing me and my body feels like a raw meat on grill. One moment it is so hot that I sweat while another moment, chills ran through my body.

Another loud hiss left my mouth followed by a groan. My throat was parched and lips dried. Grabbing a water bottle from beside me, I took a large gulp.

The discomfort slowly increased and with that came haziness clouding my senses. I couldn't think properly nor could I act accordingly.

The pain and discomfort was too much to handle. "Oh my God!" Came out of my mouth in scream as another contraction hit inside me.

Holding the edge of the bamboo log tightly, I slowly leaned back and looked down at my belly. Frowning, I patted my stomach gently as my mind wandered on all the possibilities of sudden pain.

It can't be -

There is still nearly two weeks time.

"This must be a false alarm. I can't be in labor, can I?"

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Why did she come to island again? How is it possible?

Poor Acacia, no matter what she does, she seems to be stuck to the jerk and the island. Your views?

I felt so bad when she cried. Can you all understand her stubbornness in wanting to leave?

Anyone here want to kill the jerk?

Is Acacia in labor? Or is it a false alarm?

What happens when she gives birth to the baby? Is she right in thinking that she will be dead once the mission is completed?



###chapter 25
**Acacia Point of View**

One after the other with a long gap, the contractions hit me hard.

Although the gap between each contraction is considerably long, the pain stayed until the next one hit due to which I couldn't breathe in relief.

The muscles in my legs squeezed making me unable to carry my body over them much. I could only stand for few mere minutes and sometimes only with support.

As if it isn't enough that my legs gave up on me, my waist and back was killing me with piercing pain. The length of my spine was very sore and every now and then I felt small cracks of bones on my back.

"My goodness!" I exclaimed as I coughed and choked when I was unable to breathe properly.

I read somewhere in the past that a pregnant woman can still walk when she was going through initial stage of labor. Look at me; I cannot even sit tight with the pain that I'm experiencing.

Soon, the clear night sky started to cloud with dark clouds. The more I was struggling, the faster the weather was changing but I have no interest nor mind to think about other possibilities.

The contractions continued for several minutes but my water did not break yet. I wanted to go somewhere, somewhere safe where I can give birth to my baby. The small boat is not comfortable to have a labor on.

But whenever I tried to gather some strength and paddle the vehicle, my hands shook and my head felt heavy making me want to lay down and rest.

Dizziness entered next level and wouldn't let me even operate the levers. The pain, the overall aches, the dizziness and the miscellaneous symptoms attacked me at same time and by the end of that hour, my eyes rolled back and everything went black.

I tried not to faint and fought to stay awake. However, I wasn't strong enough to fight it and fell unconscious.

I could still feel the pain but my mind was hazy to comprehend anything. It went for a long time and even half asleep and partly awake, I groaned and hummed in pain.

I was indeed a little awake but I could only recognize the ache coming from my body, other than that, it felt like I was floating and could feel nothing around me.

Don't know how long I suffered but after a while I fell into complete sleep and not even the smallest ache could be felt.

One minute I was in the boat, twisting and turning with pain and the other minute, I was in an endless grass field.

In a nice silk dress, light and comfortable, fit me and my huge belly perfectly, I was walking in the field enjoying the damp atmosphere.

My feet were engulfed by wet grass and that was when I realized I wasn't wearing any shoes. But it's okay; I enjoyed the feeling.

I kept walking through the green heaven until I stopped. There, in the middle of nowhere, is the same flower plant that hasn't bloomed yet that I had seen in the castle garden.

It looked the same. It is same one. The sweet scent was how I recognized the plant.

The flower bud was closed off but still emitting the sweet smell. I stepped forward until I stood near the plant. Raising my hand, I slowly moved to touch the bud.

When I finally touched it, the bud which was tightly closed slowly started to bloom. Petal by petal, layer by layer, the flower opened up upon my touch.

The more it bloomed, the more its scent wafted around me pleasing me to no end. But at that moment, when I saw the flower bud opening up, I don't know what came over me that tears started to roll down my cheeks, yet there was a happy smile on my lips.

My heart was feeling light and excited; like something heavy and bothering was taken off.

Few minutes later, when the flower was completely opened, I realized I couldn't be happier. Just by looking at it made me smile widely.

It was such a beautiful flower. The outer petals were in light green and the color darkened as it went inside. It was not just the flower that was beautiful it even emitted more and peculiar scent which was pleasant nonetheless.

To be honest, I was very startled when the flower started to bloom at my touch but it also gave me a weird kind of feeling.

A sense of indescribable attachment and affection.

Taking a deep breath, I moved my hand to touch the now fully bloomed flower. I didn't know why I had such strange and a desperate feeling to touch it but I did.

Once my finger trailed lightly over the outer petal, I heard a small giggle. A giggle that an infant would give.

I froze.

I thought it heard it wrong. I was almost sure until I heard it again.

My fingers were still touching the delicate petals when another giggle was heard followed by "Mamma"

My eyes widened and before I know what was happening, the next moment I was on the same bed I spent the previous month on and I screamed loudly when I felt pain in my stomach.

My eyes were wide open now and I could clearly see, I clearly know where I was.

In my bedroom, in the castle. Alone and in a very possible early labor!

At this moment, I don't care how I am here and who brought me here. All I could think of was the dream and the reality of a child that was going to come out of me.

Beside me was a bowl of water and a towel on it. By the light coming from the window, it must be near noon of the next day which means I was unconscious for nearly fourteen to fifteen hours.

Taking the wet towel from the bowel, I squeezed out the water with the little strength I have and rubbed the wet towel on my face and hand.

I was already sweating like a pig and my legs moved restlessly whenever I was attacked by a contraction.

While I was cleaning my arms with the towel, I looked down and observed that I was in a oversized gown. I wasn't wearing a bodice or any other clothing and was in a single layered cotton gown.

Thanks to whoever changed me into this simple and free dress!

Before could fully appreciate the one who changed me, my stomach felt like it was tearing from inside and I found myself screaming on the top of my lungs.

"Dammit!" I exclaimed loudly as my eyes got moist. "Dammit; baby, take it easy. I'm your mother." Gasping out in pain, I coughed a little again after my small request to the baby inside.

Compared to the last night, the time gap between the contractions has lessened. Now, the pain hits me in waves every ten minutes. My lower back is now not mine anymore.

It has its own mind and was trying to detach itself from the rest of my body and my belly is in full support to it.

I want to talk, yell or just voice out anything but sound did not come out of my mouth. I was gasping, hyperventilating in pain.

By now I can feel the wetness rolling down between my legs. Although it was quite damp from the moment I woke up, I'm now aware of every single thing happening to me.

I was no more prideful now. I cried out like a baby and waved a goodbye to my ego or any other defensive emotion. I cried out so loudly that I was sure I felt the land shook a little.

"You jerk; killing you will not satisfy me. I'm going to fry you dry in boiling sand every single d-d-day until you die." I cursed out followed by another loud cry.

"Baby, this has nothing to do with you. Although your arrival is unexpected, I love you nonetheless. It's the jerk that I am preparing to torture." My voice went high and low, up and down in a weird way as I spoke.

Almost as if a tone deaf person was singing a song.

A while later, I couldn't bear it anymore and tried to sit up and drink some water. I'm parched. There was no drinking water tumbler on the table nor there is nothing I could satisfy my thirst.

"I need water to drink. You senseless bastard, get me water or I will find you and drink your blood." I shouted in rage.

Not only I'm alone and tending to myself alone, I was going through a labor and I was not even provided with drinking water.

This is supposed to be the most painful yet a blissful time of a woman's life and here I was left alone.

I at least deserved a midwife. One midwife or just any other woman to can get me through this phase.

I was about to blow off the steam by yelling out on the jerk again when I saw a pitcher full of water and glass of water on the same table that was empty a second ago.

"Impossible!"

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Finally it's time to give birth to the anticipated baby.

Your views on her lonely condition while in labor? Any hate towards the jerk?

What do you think about the dream?

Now that Acacia is in labor, what will jerk do? Will he finally come face to face with Acacia?

Will she have a safe delivery alone?

Who feels sorry at lonely situation Acacia is in and how she is tending to herself in this condition?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 26
**Acacia Point of View**

After four attempts, I was finally able to get up in a sitting position, stretch my hand and reach the glass of water.

Taking greedy gulps, I finally groaned in satisfaction. But that was short lived when another wave of pain hit me. This time it was not just my back and stomach that killed me but a muscle that connect my stomach to vagina pulled, causing me scream at a sudden soreness.

Tears rolled down from my eyes uncontrollably. It was one thing to go through this phase and it was completely another thing to go through this phase all alone with no one to nurse.

There could be complications. There could be excessive bleeding. The baby could be in an unconventional position. There are infinite things that could happen to a carrying mother in labor.

Heck, if not given necessary attention then the carrying mother could even die in the process of delivery.

The least she could expect was someone beside her to hold hand and tell how painful it was.

The mysterious jerk proved to be the top notch scumbag in multiverse in this regard. Neither there was a nursing aid beside me nor was he himself present at the nick of the moment.

A sudden thought crossed my mind as I cursed the jerk and the thought itself brought a typhoon of nervousness swirl inside me.

With no nursing aid provided, will I die?

What will happen to the baby if so?

First, will I even be able to deliver without a hitch?

All sorts of negative thoughts weaved inside my mind one after the other and I couldn't help but feel helpless.

If the motive of this whole this is to get my baby and in the process let my soul depart my body as a miscellaneous collateral damage, then this guy has planned it thoroughly.

And this very fact Is making me rather helpless at this moment. This situation is something I cannot do anything about except for going through it.

For the rest of the day, I only depended on taking small sips of cool water every now and then. The whole day went by and the contractions only got worse.

By the time the sky got dark, I have no more energy to scream and yell and even just move my finger. To think that I've been going through labor from previous night and was still able to hang in there was still an astonishment to me.

I want to sleep but couldn't. I feel faint and tired but on the same hand, I can still scream all through the night.

As the evening turned to night and the night slowly proceeded to touch the midnight time, the labor pains got unbearable and out of the world.

I could feel my cervix getting dilated and there was something moving downwards. The persistent pain continued to suffocate me and when I was finally feeling the huge movement towards my cervix and to the vagina.

This must be when I should start pushing.

To say I was relieved to finally enter the final stage was an understatement. To go through such labor for more than twenty four hours without eating and depending on only water; men should consider themselves lucky and treat women no less than celestial beings.

"My God, you are all out to kill me. Aren't you?" I screamed as I pushed.

Biting down on my lower lip, I tasted metallic taste in my mouth. I held the quilt in my hands and fisted it tightly and pushed again with a loud groan.

For several seconds, I closed my eyes and took deep breaths in an attempt to control my racing heart and keep myself from fainting.

"Right away."

"Immediately, Of course Your Majesty."

My eyes shot open when I heard several voices coming from beside me.

Only voices!

I heard only voices but when my eyes wandered around, I found no other human. On top of that, the voices I was hearing were female ones.

Cutting my train of thoughts and my absolute fear and astonishment, I froze and then a bellow came out of my mouth.

Profanities poured out of my mouth naturally. I couldn't believe I actually so many bad words but this wasn't time to boast because what I heard next stopped my heart.

"Calm down, Eblilis." The same hoarse male voice that plagued me even in my nightmares.

Anything with that voice cannot be good so I don't categorize my dreams as dreams.

Turning my head in hurry, I looked everywhere but there was no hint of living person around. To make sure I wasn't dream all this, I pinched myself and when the labor pains proved to show me the reality, I rubbed my eyes and looked around to find the source of voice.

A surge of fear and anger erupted inside me when I heard those three words.

"Calm down? Calm down? You scumbag, easy for you to say." Words came out of my mouth with force. One can easily detect tons of anger and killing instinct in my tone.

"Where are you dammit? Come face me like a man who has penis still handing below him." One, I'm in extreme pain and agony; two, my mind was hazy; three, all these sudden rush of voices and this unusual things happening; I have every right to be rude.

Gosh, I would be committing a sin if I wasn't rude.

For another ten minutes I cried out continuously as I felt the head of the baby near my opening. My baby was ready to come out which means these few minutes, I'll be making a roundabout trip to hell.

"You will be alright. Inhale. Inhale." My face folded into a deep scowl and I gritted my teeth when I heard that familiar voice instructing me in a calm tone.

Seems like sarcasm doesn't have time and place, "Why don't you shut up and inhale some sense into yourself? When you don't have a bone to show your face, then you shouldn't have a face to even talk at this time."

Once those words came out, another scream came out of me. With several faceless voices probing me to push, I continued to push and push and push until I heard a voice saying that the head was out.

I don't have energy or mind to know how they know that the head is out and where exactly the owners of these voices are but between the all the agony and pain I was feeling at the moment, I was also scared.

I felt a premonition of something strange. Something both ominous and auspicious.

A mix of both good and bad.

A blend of both light and dark.

Proving one part of my premonition, something very strange and fearful came in front of eyes. Although I was close to death at this point, I could clearly see what was happening in front of my eyes.

And in the midst of giving birth to my child did I see where the faces of those voices are. But more than the people themselves their surfacing stunned and scared me.

In front of me, near my opened legs was a mid aged woman who was appearing, emerging out of air.

I don't know if it was because of the labor pains that I was deluding or was it happening for real but soon the woman's transparent figure slowly filled in.

Beside me, on my left was another woman of same age as the other wearing same cotton gown like the other, was transparent who was slowly emerging into a complete figure.

"Wh- Argh" I was about to voice out when I screamed out again and felt the baby come out of me slowly.

With one last shout, I heard the loud wailing of my baby and the completed appeared out of air women carried the baby and placed him in my awaiting limp hands.

A pained smile came over my lips when I raised my arms a little to carry the baby. "Congratulation, you have a healthy boy."

When the baby was finally placed on my chest, I raised my hand and lightly trailed my fingers on my new born son's cheek.

Handsome and adorable. He was absolutely adorable and a fat baby. I cannot believe I pushed this chubby one out of me.

My hands lost last of the strength and my eyes blinked in an attempt to stay awake, stay alive. While I was fighting to stay awake and enjoy the moment with my son, I felt the weight of my baby lift away from my chest.

I opened my mouth to protest but was instantly closed when I saw who dared to take my baby away from me.

It was a man. A very familiar looking man.

The same young man who's portrait I saw in the secret room was standing in front of me in an attire that doesn't belong to any eras that passed in past thousand some years.

From half closed eyes, exhausted and almost faint, I saw him smile down at me as he carried my baby in his arms and wrap him in a towel.

"My greetings, Eblilis. I'm the father of our son and master of this place, Tzalmon." He paused for a moment.

" Tzalmon Saccius Ebernus." The last thing I heard was his name and the last thing I saw was his ominous smile before I finally went out cold.

Tzalmon - Who are you?

**~*~*~*~*~*~ To be continued in book 2 ~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Last ###chapter of this book is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

This will be the last ###chapter of this book and the story from here on will continue in book 2 which I will be writing soon.

Although this is a small novel compared to my other books, I always thought of writing this story in two books.

Please do notify me if I missed something in this book so I can add it here or make sure to add it in next book.

Also, give it a try and you will not regret it.

Acacia finally gave birth after two days of hellish agony and gave brought a baby boy into the strange world.

Why did the people appear out of nowhere as if they can go invisible at their will?

Who exactly are these people? Are they even human?

Tzalmon Saccius Ebernus, father of Acacia's baby and the supposed jerk. Your views?

What will happen to Acacia now? Will she die?

The answers to every question will come soon in book 2 "Dawn - The Burning Dark".

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




Dawn - The Burning Night
When two bright eyes know only the world of evil, there is always a third eye, somewhere in the universe, that subdues it.

Trapped, imprisoned and mysteriously pregnant; Acacia has seen months that are both horrifying and confusing.

Now that she ended up giving birth to the most awaited child of hers with mysterious origin, not only was she faced with more mysteries but also with the source of them.

Tzalmon Saccius Ebernus.

Who exactly is Tzalmon and how is he the father of her child?

Why is she imprisoned on the island in the castle by him?

Facing a strong headed, arrogant and conceitedly cunning Tzalmon, will she be able to escape from him with her child?

Dawn - The Burning night is the second book of the series that reveals mysteries of past and present which leads to a questionable future.

Follow the journey of Acacia, now with Tzalmon, to read the pages of adventure turned into leaves of romance and fantasy.

**~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Book 2 of the duology series is here.

The book is already up and ###chapter 1 is already published. Please give the same support to this book as well.

This is book 2 and to read this, you have to read book 1.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim
**



###chapter 27
**Acacia Point of View**

What you know is a drop and what you don't know is an ocean.

I've always heard this quote and quite agree to it; only now I think that ocean is a very small reference to what was happening around me.

When my parents named me Acacia Dawn Winters, they wanted me to be honorable and a ray of light to people around me.

Typical, I know. But hey, I love my name despite of any meaning they attach to it.

Honorable -

Ray of Light -

Only now did I understand what a joke it was.

The moment my consciousness has started to slowly fill back into my dark parts of my brain, the past one year on the abandoned spooky island played like a dream.

A nightmare!

Everything that happened to me hit me hard again and again as the awareness of my surroundings was getting clearer.

One by one, every moment was like a hammer on nail hitting inside my mind, causing me pain yet numbing me from inside. And when the dream of life's reality came to climax, I gasped out loudly and opened my eyes like a shot of bullet.

My baby!

My son!

I don't know when I started to cry but when my eyes were shot open, I could already taste salt on my lips. Slowly, my surrounded came clearer to me and the ache in my body told me about its presence.

Trailing my eyes around, I knew I was being too hopeful for all the hell of past months to be a nightmare. What I'm seeing now is no different than what I have in all these months here.

I was lying on the soft bed in the room that I have occupied in an year of my stay in the castle.

There were a few changes in the décor, the room was blinding neat and smells mildly good. I, myself, was in neat clothes and the same bed that was previously drenched in child birth blood is now all clean and new.

Immediately my eyes landed on a crib that was situated a step away from the bed and a small sigh escaped my mouth.

Gritting my teeth, my silently bore the pain and exhaustion of childbirth and sat up with great difficulty. I don't know for how long I was asleep but now that I'm all awake, I can no longer feel the coldness of being alone.

The air has warmth of being surrounded by many.

There was buzzing of footsteps moving outside my room. There was laughter, loud chatting, hollering and hooting; I can feel sitting in the middle of a lively town.

"Why is it so damn loud here suddenly?" I wondered out. Before preparing to stand up, I drank some water from the glass on the nightstand. Only when I was not limply tired did I slowly attempted to stand up.

It took me a few minutes, yes but once I stood and no longer felt that painful, my legs carried me towards the window from where the buzz of several people can be heard.

Holding the windowsill tightly, I sighed heavily and leaned against the sill and looked out. The eyeball were almost out of my sockets when I saw the scene before me.

The once wild jungle was now occupied by houses and people. The once small island now looks like it has stretched to several hundred miles which now looks like not a mere small town but a huge city.

"How long was I asleep?" I thought when I could see a market place far away from the hill. Although pretty far, with the help of midday sun, I could see hundreds of people, old and young, rich and poor, going around buying and selling things.

Wait, Was I out for a decade or something?

It can't be that long, does it?

Moving hastily, I reached the crib that was beside my bed and found it empty. My hands held the railing of the crib tightly as I breathed in slowly.

Don't tell me I missed many years of my son's life?

Whoever is the cause - that's right, this is all because of the jerk who has a name that sounded like salmon.

Yes, that man who called himself the father of my son!

I'm going to kill that man and dry his flesh, powder it and use as a fertilizer once I get home.

"My lady, you are awake. Please accept my greeting." I was already at the height of my mood and when I saw a middle aged woman wearing ancient clothes, standing before me with her head bowed down.

What ticked me off was her smile. She was actually smiling at me genuinely and respectfully.

"My lady? What if I don't I accept your greetings?" I could feel the shift in my personality after I got here.

It's like all the fierceness that was locked inside me, that even I don't know I have, was coming out slowly.

"Where is my son?" I asked curtly when I saw the woman shifting from one leg to another anxiously.

"My lady, young prince is with the honorable king." I opened my mouth and closed it speechlessly like a fish gasping for air.

Young prince?

Honorable king?

What exactly is happening here?

By the word 'Honorable King', does it refer to the jerk? I scoffed internally when even a horrible jerk like him is called honorable.

Not to forget, he is called an honorable King. He is a ruler of some place? God bless the citizens.

"I shall arrange a bath and lunch for you, My lady. I shall lead you to the honorable King then." She said bringing me out of my thoughts.

"That can be later, take me to my son first." I was already wearing a presentable dress so food and bath can wait.

I need see how old my son is now. Does he know me? Does he remember me?

Did the jerk introduce the comatose mother to my son?

"Yes, My lady." The woman continued to be unbearably polite and excited, God knows for what reason.

She led me out through my room towards where my son is. Once I stepped out of my room, there were several women wearing similar kind of dress like a uniform and all of them bowed at me with fear.

They stopped where they are and bowed until I passed the hallway. None dared to look at my face and had their head buried in their own chest; that is how flexibly they bowed.

If the castle before was majestic, now it was beyond any imagination I ever had. Now, it looked like life and soul was filled inside every brick and sand of this place.

This castle, now, looks like a real place where a King should live.

We passed by the study rooms and the secret room and stood before an open balcony beside the secret room which wasn't there before.

Frowning at the changes, I followed the woman out into the balcony where a bridge was paved connected to the tower of grand hall.

Crossing over, the woman held her hand before me to take it when we arrived at a set of stairs. "Please hold my hand and descent down slowly, My Lady."

I did not show any resistance and took the support she offer. After getting down a set of spiral staircase, we came in front of the grand hall that I remember from before.

Only, this time, it was not empty but in and out it was filled with people wearing ancient outfits.

I did not see any guard on the main building but here, the whole tower is surrounded by several guards. The door to the grand hall is guarded by a pair of large titan like monstrous people bearing a huge scowl on their faces as if someone stole their breakfast.

"The King and the officials are inside. You people cannot go inside." A very rude titan spoke, ready to spit on us like I am far far below to him.

"Preposterous! Announce the arrival of My Lady." The woman beside me spoke just like those head maidservants from the historical dramas.

This one's acting is much better and realistic, I say.

Hearing those words, the titan like guards almost scrambled to floor and apologized profusely. I only nodded my head with impatience and heard loud familiar voice coming from inside the hall.

"Ah, the jerk is indeed inside." I spoke as I walked inside ready to blow off his head. Both the titan guards eyes widened at my words but did not retort back.

Good for them. With all the anger and many other emotions that were suppressed inside me for so many months, I would've burnt them alive if they said something back to me.

The loud boisterous room fell silent when I stepped inside the room. Old and young, several officers occupied the seats on either side of the throne while the man who I remember to be the jerk sat on the throne with a small bundle wrapped in towel in his hands.

My son!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

First ###chapter of book 2 is here. Enjoy!

This is the continuation of Book 1 -Dawn The Midnight Light, so please read that book first before reading this.

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia woke up and is very much alive. How will her fate turn out to be now?

Don't you think Acacia's personality is upgraded from the previous book?

If you are looking for Tzalmon's characteristics in Acacia point of view, then forget it. She will not describe his looks anytime soon.

Who exactly is Tzalmon? How come the island changed completely suddenly?

How long was she unconscious?



###chapter 28
**Tzalmon Saccius Ebernus Point of View**

"What the bloody hell is going on here?"

There she is!

I sensed her even before she entered the hall. The waves of anger were flowing out of her, hitting everyone like a storm; including me.

Her eyes were like shots of molten lava that could burn everything to ashes; her breathing erratic and deadly as though she was ready to kill someone for her own pleasure.

Beautiful!

My lips fluttered a bit to keep myself from smiling when my eyes followed her every move.

She's awake. Finally she is awake and ready. Just a simple glance at her raging bull form, I felt a tug in my heart.

How many years have I been waiting for this day. How many centuries?

"Why is my son not with his mother and in the hands of a random stranger jerk?" She spoke as she strode towards me like a general on a battlefield.

The look on my officials and subjects should be that of pity for this petite woman who was going head on with a man who could and genuinely would pull the life out of her.

Pity, I cannot and will not hurt her.

Not her.

She, on the other hand, completely and very much rudely ignored the people of my court and focused only on the bundle in my arms.

"Vesr le dauta hqoth -" Gyles, my left commander and one of my most trusted aid started to grumble angrily at her. I was about to shut him up but she did it before me.

"Keep you alien language with you and use it when you go into space." Brushing off the prideful commander with one simple sentence, she climbed the steps of the platform.

I noticed Gyles was about to pull the girl away but with one curt shake of head from me, he retreated and stood in the corner.

With a smile on face, I stood by my throne and waited for her to reach me.

"Acacia Dawn Winters, now we officially meet." Pride has always been a birthday suit for men.

And to men like me who has power, position and everything that one possibly could dream of, pride and reputation is oxygen.

When she disregarded me and pulled my son from my arms and took him carefully into hers, my pride took a great fall yet again.

For the nth time she displayed her distaste for me and this time, openly.

The gentry that attended my court had their mouths agape when they stared at the daring female, who not only humiliated their King but also dared to act as she pleased in the court hall.

Not to mention how she pulled their young prince and the future heir to the throne away from me.

Looking down, I saw her looking dotingly at our sleeping son as she rubbed his cheeks with her dainty fingers.

A sense of a pleasant emotion crashed in my stone heart when I stared down at her. It was only a day ago that she went through hours of labor pains and gave birth and still, here she is, looking as radiant and defiant as always.

Eleven months!

I have been watching her, watching over her, for almost a year but never did she loose this radiance.

I remember every second from the moment I came to her to the minute she landed on this island and started to live here.

There was a time when she was scared to death, a time when she had a very normal day, a time when was moody and a time when she was extremely angry and confused. Despite of every emotion and situation, something that always stuck inside her was this bright radiance that could make anyone feel week in knees.

It was as if stars were glowing inside her every breathing moment.

She was passionate; she was clumsy; she was jovial; she was coward and she was smart. Only recently I came to know that she is sarcastic as well.

"Why is he still an infant?" She mumbled softly to herself bringing a frown on my face.

Umm?

A sharp look followed and she grinded her teeth at me angrily. "We need to talk. Now." Like a chief of Gods, she ordered me with such cold angry tone that I couldn't help but snicker inwardly.

"Eblilis - " I started and was immediately cut off by her. Raising her hand, she poked my chest sharply with her finger as if I don't scare at all.

How come she became brave suddenly? Isn't she a coward one?

"Stop giving me names. Pet names are for people who are close to each other which you and I are clearly not and will never be. Now, about the talk I want to have with you, you better have all the answers ready for me." Damnation, that was - hot!

She actually ordered me!

If it was someone else, that person would've been tortured to death and even after the death for talking to me like that. If she wasn't the mother of my son -

I sighed and looked around to see the officials have their hands fisted tightly; controlling the urge to take charge at this preposterous female. On the other hand, Circe, the maidservant I arranged for her, did not dare make a move to stop her and was sweating profusely as she kept on looking at me with fear.

That's right; that should be the look of every male and female when they even dare to have thoughts of glancing at me.

I'm good two foot above her, well build, looks like a devil from hell - domineering and sinister. Look at the female before me, not only is my domineering aura not effectual, she even dare to shoot glares at me.

"We shall, once I finish the ceremony with the court of lords." I replied softly with patience.

This was an important moment and a new beginning for everyone here and I shall make everything right.

That which was wrong should be corrected.

That which ended should be revived.

That which was mine and which belonged to my kingdom should be snatched back and I cannot delay it any further.

Time has come when everything should go back to its right place.

Acacia blinked a couple of times at me as she continued to throw glares around at everyone.

"Welcome, the young prince and the heir to the throne, Vulcan Saccius Ebernus." I announced with a roar making everyone clap and holler in celebration.

With my initiation, the officials, lords and other present parties continued with the flow ignoring the daring female beside me.

I raised the glass of wine and took a sip of it. The officials, lords and other subjects of mine clicked their glasses and celebrated with a roar.

Acacia was quite for a while and looked at everyone with confusion etched on her face. Slowly, few minutes later, the fierce look was back in her eyes when some kind of realization dawned unto her.

"Was it my son's name?" I heard a small familiar voice coming from below me and all the hollering stopped right at that instant.

With a proud smile, I nodded my head at her and waited for her to relish the name of our son but what did I receive back?

A fierce hard glare!

"Some nerve you have. Tell me, did you carry him in your belly for ten months?" Stunned at her sudden outburst, I did not answer her and just looked on with a solemn face.

"Ah, then you must have went through hell and back for nearly twenty four hours to squeeze the baby out of your vagina."

"How dare you -" Gyles roared, this time in the language Eblilis understands. Gyles marched like a mad wolf on loose towards her and I did not stop him.

I'm stunned and angry myself. How dare she talk to me in that manner before my subjects!

No matter how fresh I feel about her, this behavior of hers should be corrected soon.

Glowering down at Gyles, her eyes pierced with such intensity that his steps faltered for a second and he stopped from approaching her. Ignoring his outburst, she turned back to me with the glower intact and pursed her lips in distaste at me.

"You did not carry him, you did not deliver him; heck, I don't even know that the sperm that was donated generously to me was yours. With what right are you naming my son? Tell me, which of your balls gave you the nerve to do so?" She spat out and immediately started to coo my son when she felt him wiggle in her arms.

"Shh, it's okay baby, mamma is here." She cooed gently. Holding our son closer, she touched his cheek with her finger again. When her finger made contact with my son, he instantly stopped wiggling and lulled back into sleep.

When Acacia confirmed that the baby was sleeping again, she adjusted the towel wrapped around him and wiped away the drool which was on the side of his mouth with her dress sleeve.

Resuming her attention back to me, her once scowl was back on point.

"None have the right to name my son expect for me; especially not you. Give me the explanation I deserve first or I swear I will make your life a living hell." I heard genuine threat in her tone and she meant every word she said.

"You really are an epitome of jerk." Turning around, she walked out of hall leaving everyone stunned and angered to death and funnily, none dared to stop her.

What am I going to do with you, Eblilis!

Sighing, I shook my head and gave everyone a look telling them clearly not to dare lay a finger on her.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Finally, Tzalmon's point of view. Your views on it?

I could've revealed the background story of it in his point of view but decided against it because I want to give appealing hints of it here and there instead of putting it on the table directly.

Acacia's complete personality make over; do you like her now?

Tzalmon is being a mysterious man and a very conceited one by naming their son all on his own.

Do you believe Acacia should teach him some manners and how to make considerations?

Anyone who thinks Acacia is blowing over the top? Do you think she is over reacting?


###chapter 29
**Acacia Point of View**

Look at this human looking filthy virus!

I'm speechless. Genuinely and utterly speechless!

How, species called 'men' can act so shamelessly? I want to know from where they grow such thick skin from.

Biting down on my inner cheek, I, with my son in my arms, marched back to the bedroom I spent these past few months in. The maidservant woman followed me ritually without questioning me or reprimanding me like others which I'm thankful for.

At least one sensible person is here in this damned place!

I didn't care if jerk followed me or not, I just stomped back to my room like an angry lion. Considering how I just woke up after the delivery and after God knows how many days, I was not feeling particularly healthy and strong but having my little baby in my arms injected me with some healthy amount of determination and strength.

On the way back, the household staff of this cursed castle bowed and curtsied to me which I find extremely annoying at this point.

I mean, I don't know what is going on here. I don't know how long has it been before I lost my consciousness.

I know there is something dangerously wrong with this place and people here but cannot place a finger on what it is.

Heck, I literally saw people appearing before me out of thin air while I was in labor and I don't know whether I was mad and hallucinating or if what I saw was right.

With more and more questions piling up in my mind and more and more confusion tearing my heart, do people expect me to shake my belly with joy when some staff bowed to me respectfully?

Back in the bedroom, I placed my baby gently in the crib and covered him with a small baby woolen blanket. Making sure he is deeply in sleep, I walked to couch which was a little away from the crib and sat there waiting for the woman who was assisting me to realize I want to have a chat with her.

It didn't take that long though; she immediately followed and stood before me with her hands held in front of her politely.

"How long was I was unconscious after giving birth?" I asked. From my hazy memory from before, this woman wasn't one of those who appeared out of blue from thin air while was in labor.

"My lady, one and a half day." Her answer choked me causing me dry cough.

"I'm sorry?" I exclaimed.

One and a half day? Is she telling me that my son whom I thought would be at least six years old just an hour ago, who is thankfully still a small little infant, is only one and a half day old?

Which means, I did not miss any important days and moments in his growing time.

Which means, it has really been one and a half day?

I don't want to believe it but looking at the crib and my dear baby in it, he really looks exactly the same as the minute he was born.

In that case -

"Hold on for a minute, so -" I walked to the window that has a good view of most of the island and pointed my finger out for the assistant woman to see. "All this, everything out there, all that I and you are seeing right now, was build in one and a half day?"

"It was built in the same one and half day time when I was tired from child birth and slept away the exhaustion?" I continued as I kept on looking between the huge city outside the window and the assistant woman before me.

Impossible!

Absolutely impossible!

She did not say anything but she looked troubled though. I don't know and to be honest, I don't want to know what is troubling her but I need answers.

Just what exactly is going on here?

Why everything around me is questioning my knowledge and belief in science?

People appear and disappear in a blink.

A huge city can be built in one day and thousands of people appear suddenly and live here as if they have been living here for centuries.

All the people here are so anti-technology and culturally-ancient.

How can someone find these things normal?

"I'm really tongue-tied right now." I scoffed in disbelief. "Fine. Fine I will have the answers from the jerk himself." I sighed when I realized she cannot answer my questions.

Asking her to prepare the bath and food for me, I released her from her tension. After warm water was arranged for me, I realized I shouldn't take a bath for a few days given I only gave birth a day ago so I wiped my body with a wet towel.

By the time I finished some light bland food, the honorable jerk walked inside my bedroom as if he owns it.

Of course, he really does own it but since I'm currently occupying it, I am the owner of this room and he just walked in without even knocking.

And to people here, he is a King! Such a well mannered king!

Wiping my mouth with a napkin, I sat back comfortably on the bed and waited for the assistant woman, Circe, whose name I came to know few minutes ago, to walk out of the room.

"How are you feeling now?" I heard him ask me.

He walked to the chair that was right beside the bed and sat down on it. Facing me, he gave me an inquisite glance.

"Happy. Can't you tell from the glow of my face?" I had always been a docile tongued girl. Never had I thought I would one day become sarcastic.

I never knew there was a fierce bone in me.

Indeed, time can change anything.

Jerk smirked at my reply and raised a brow at me mockingly. "Indeed you look absolutely pleasant."

Sneering angrily, I gripped the blanket in my hand tightly, controlling myself from slapping his face.

Oh, how I wish I can kill him right this moment! Pity, I need answers before I do the deed.

"I had tough time in handling you all these past months." He said suddenly with a small smile of nostalgia.

To say I nearly puked at that smile was an understatement.

"I'm sorry. My apologies to the great Majesty for causing you trouble." I replied back with a genuinely apologetic smile in return.

This man is putting God of shamelessness to shame with his shamelessness.

"I didn't know you have a poisonous tongue." He said very casually and offhandedly as if he really is a God who is invincible and can offend me as much as he like.

Alright, game on then.

"I apologize again to the Majesty for unintentionally concealing my ability in various modes of speech from you. But, Your Majesty, you should know that it was absolutely unintentional. You should understand that I did not meet anyone who brought poisonous tongue out of me until now." I spoke gently and very politely.

Of course, gently and politely is fake.

I need to hold my urge to hurt him and kill him until I get all my answers. No matter how much I despise him and furious at him, he is still the only person who can give all the answers to my questions.

"Now, if Majesty is in mood for it, please release this peasant from curiosity and tell me what the hell is going on here."

A sinister smirk took over his face and he stared down at me with dangerous glint in his eyes.

Put aside that smirk for a moment and let's take a look at that dangerous glint; it was clear he was playing with me all along and he was challenging me, telling me I cannot do anything at all.

That glint was to tell me how he is in power here and how he can choose to tell or not tell me anything.

Oh well then!

I returned back the exact same glint back to him, "Talk. Don't for a second think that just because you have secrets that defy science, you could scare me or maybe manipulate me. To tell you honestly, I get braver when I get scared."

"Oh I know. But I just don't know if you can handle the truth. Can you really digest what I am about to say?" He stood up and extruded his almighty the great and vicious aura which did not do anything to me in particular.

Did he think I would find him charming or handsome or whatever he wants to show me?

To my eyes, he looks absolutely dirty. No pun intended.

But, he is so tall. I mean, he is really and truly very tall. With a muscular build it doesn't look awkward but looks like he is nearly seven foot tall.

A Titan!

"I'm the ruler here. The King." He spoke proudly.

Well, good for you. So what?

"Oh I got that fact straight already. Tell me something that isn't obvious." The sarcasm that is flowing out of my mouth is surprising me.

I never knew I had this in me.

"Then you must've already guessed the obvious fact that you are my Queen." He said, shrugging at me.

Say what now?
**
~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

What kind of people are Tzalmon and his race that a whole kingdom was built and running in one single day?

With how the things are advancing, will Acacia be able to keep up with everything that is coming towards her?

Your views on Tzalmon and his shamelessness?

Tzalmon is being a male chauvinist by being inconsiderate to Acacia and her situation.

What story and secrets will be revealed by Tzalmon to Acacia?

Will he even answer her truthfully?



###chapter 30
**Tzalmon Point of View**

Eblilis froze.

I was honestly puzzled by her reaction. Looking at her confused displeased and growling facial features, yet again, for nth time, I was puzzled.

Her distaste and hatred for me only intensified when she heard who she is to me and my kingdom.

"Ah, so turns out I'm a queen." She spoke nodding to herself calmly. The calmness was a sudden change.

Although she has sea of hatred in eyes, she also has an ocean of calmness.

"However,-" She started, as she looked at me and rubbed her chin thoughtfully. "I'm rather petrified by your complacency in thinking that I actually care about being some goddamn queen to a horde of brainless chickens."

The way she said those words with a hint of surprise and contemplation hit me hard. Yet again, I failed to understand her thoughts.

I told her she was a queen and the very person who has authority to rule my people beside me. Wasn't that enough reason for her to be gratified?

"I know women who are ready to die and kill to be with me; be my queen." I laid down the fact in a straight tone. And it is really true. There are indeed ladies, from other territories, from gentry of my own territory who would do anything to win my attention and my heart.

"Well, congratulation; I prefer to stay alive then. Back to the serious topic," She shrugged and moved a little forward and glanced up at me inquisitively. "Who are you?"

"Nah, what are you? I saw you appear before me and go invisible right in front of my eyes. Clearly, you are something that knowledge of science I have cannot explain." One blank look at her, I pressed my cold eyes into hers giving off a very dominating stance that my people are scared off.

Apparently, the woman before me isn't affected in the least.

She actually dared to look back nonchalantly at me showing me how genuinely she is not scared or not compelled by my aura.

Is she the same scared little lamb that walked into my castle?

"Like I said, I am Tzalmon Saccius Ebernus, the ruler of this territory and father to our son." I repeated briefly and heard her hum thoughtfully.

"Territory, you mean this island or do you mean this dimension?" My eyes sparkled with astonishment when put that question down.

"You realized it, didn't you? When though?" This time I was really taken aback by her perspective.

She was smart.

In response, she snickered humorlessly, "An ocean that takes me to the same place no matter which direction I go to. An island that suddenly amplified in size in just a day. A place where there is no trace of natural cultural development and a place that is behind from the current era by tens of centuries. People who has this bizarre ability to appear and disappear by a swish; tell me, if not I'm not going crazy, then it is quite obvious that you and your chickens here are some monsters."

My hands clenched into tight fists when I heard her call my people brainless chicken and monsters.

"The people you are calling chicken belong to one of the most powerful race in all the realms and the person you call the monster is one of the most powerful man the universe has ever seen." I was being patient but when dare test it calling us chicken and monsters, I lost it.

She was a mere mortal and a female at that. A female and a mortal who was below me; how dare she insult my race, my people and me?

She looked up at me and raised a brow arrogantly giving me a once all over glance before shaking her head as if she heard something unbelievable.

My anger... did not cause her any fright.

The waves of power that flowed out of my body did not affect her.

A mortal human, a weak female, she could withstand my power?

"Of course." She scoffed. She only said one word but her tone was clearly expressed mockery of several unsaid words.

"As much as I would love to hear the stories of your gallantry, we should postpone it to the time when I had nothing to do with my life other than pass my time with some constant nonsense. Now pray tell me why I am here and how come I got pregnant with no sexual intercourse experience at all."

I gritted my teeth and attempted to control my anger seeing that the woman before me was the mother of my child. She was an important person to this kingdom and to my son.

Never had I ever practiced such patience and control in my long years of life. I never to but this woman have the ability to throw me off the fence.

"You don't have to know -"

"You don't have to know about it, Uhilr. Just do the part and stay here like one with these walls and doors." I was cut off by a familiar voice. Turning around, I saw person who spoke walking into the room with a look of disgust towards Eblilis.

"Majesty, greeting." Miya, the only niece of Duke Nolot, curtsied with a smile.

The already present scowl on my face hardened as I looked at girl who dared to insult Eblilis in front of me.

"Vojhot kpthamam Uhilr, Miya." I growled lowly and the smiling features on Miya's face turned to a scared one.

She opened her mouth to reply back when Eblilis chose the time to butt in. "I don't know what Uhilr means but I'm sure it is something bad. Not responding back is bad manners so the word applies back to you ten folds." Eblilis gritted sizing Miya with a haughty look that promises to devour her to fire if she crosses line.

"I'm Miya Nolot, the only niece and future queen to this kingdom. How dare you speak to me like that?" Miya spouted out quite a bit of nonsense as she tried to intimidate Eblilis with her supernatural aura that comes with high rank.

Expectedly, nothing happened to Eblilis which caused all the anger I felt for her moments ago to dissipate.

When my own power and aura did not affect her then mere Miya's power will not even cause a tingle.

"You seem to make a lot of queens for your state. Equality among women is immaculate here." Eblilis scoffed as she gave me a heated glare. "But then again, it's none of my business with whom you run your bedroom business with."

I've never seen a person make the other feel like they are worse than dirt with one simple look. Eblilis can do that.

The disgust on her face deepened infinitely when she glanced at Miya.

"You people have impeccable manners I say. For someone who claims to be the most powerful man and a King of some dried bullshit race, people walk in without knocking on his face and he has nothing to say about it. Why am I not surprised?" Eblilis eyes stayed on glowering Miya and she did not flinch at all.

"What are you doing here, Miya. You know this floor is prohibited for anyone other than me and the special maidservants. Were you thinking I wouldn't punish you for the audacity?"

"No, Majesty I -" She stuttered and held her head low as sweat started to form on her forehead.

Usually, I would behead the person who trespass on this part of the wing but with my mind on Eblilis, I was trying to make things better.

"Leave." I ordered as I turned my attention back to Eblilis.

"Acacia, you are still not completely healthy. Rest and I shall give you your answer some other day once you are well." I spoke and called Circe without giving any time for Eblilis to defy me again.

Along with Circe, a few other maids walked in and pulled Miya out of the room, into my study where I can punish her for impudence.

"Answers. How the hell did I get pregnant, tell me." She demanded again and heavens, was she stubborn.

She is so damn willful.

"What kind of monsters are you all?"

"When you already have a queen in the barn, why is she not the mother of your child?"

Question after question she shot at me again, seemingly telling me that she was not going to let me off the hook.

She was determined to have her answers today and I could only sigh and settle down on the discarded chair to cure her curiosity.

"We are called Dr'helellis, one of the most powerful and feared clans. You saw me appearing out of thin air right; that was because we are exactly what you could not see before."

"What could not be seen? You mean you are a ghost?" She guessed without conveying any fear.

"Not ghosts; spirits. We are similar to spirits; only, we are a group who doesn't need a physical body to possess."

"And as a King of Dr'helellis, I control and manage entire nature of life force." I announced proudly as my chest swelled with pride.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Whatever new language I use in this book does not exist. It's a language I created.

Tzalmon sure has thick skin and thick balls for acting so high and mighty. Your views?

Your views on Acacia and her determination in learning the truth?

Who hates Miya and love the retort Acacia gave back to Miya?

Your views on Dr'helellis?

What do you think about Tzalmon's supernatural race?

What will Acacia do when she realized she is stuck with such a powerful being who can manipulate nature?


###chapter 31
**Acacia Point of View**

Things are continuing to turn bizarre over and over again.

I was only intending to know who impregnated me without my will and seek revenge for the act. Although I was hesitant about the baby in the beginning, now, my son is more than world to me. After all he is a part of me and more valuable to me than any.

However, the person who was responsible for was wrong in the first place. Never did I imagine I would land myself in the midst of some paranormal hamper of nuisance.

Explains... Now it explains why and how those small yet strange things happened with me. Turns out I've been kept and controlled by a supernatural jerk.

But then again...

"How?" I asked just above whisper when the trail of my thoughts turned towards an important lane. "I was a virgin. I remember, in all these months, I never even had a wet dream, having sex is something far so how did I get pregnant?"

My eyes slowly moved up to the towering figure of the jerk and contemplated over the question that has been eating me from inside.

Jerk seems to be taken aback by my sudden question as a pinch of hesitation crossed in his eyes for a second. For several moments he did not speak and only stared down at me blankly.

"I was violated. I don't know about you but I actually have self esteem and respect for myself so I deserve to know how exactly you dared to put your sperm inside me." I wanted to yell at him, curse him and punch him but considering how my body is still very much tired and weak and how he is not just any human but some kind of supernatural jerk, I had no other way than to control my rising temper.

"I am similar to a spirit, a life source; invisibility was one of the imbedded qualities that come with my people. I- We had - I used the direct means to impregnate you - only, I was invisible and the invisible true form of mine is not but just something like air."

The more he spoke, the more my head started feel burdened. A to think that he looked very proud when he was talking about his true form and the form of his shit made me want to strangle the man before me.

I thought he was shameless but he was also extremely insensitive and cruel.

Not only did I find his revelation problematic but the matter that he is actually this powerful made me feel suffocated.

When there was none on this island and she thought she had a chance of escaping, she failed to do so many times. Now, he and his people somehow and for some reason suddenly popped out and turned out to be formidable in many ways, escaping them with my son would almost be impossible.

"I'm speechless." I shook my head and looked up at the tall jerk sharply. "Was it fun? Did you enjoy when you played me?" I laughed out but there is no humor whatsoever.

I cannot believe the man that is standing in front of me used his invisible trick to impregnate me. He played me, watched me feeling scared, used me and most importantly, violated me without any concerns.

"You must've had the best time of your life when you watched me struggle all these months. You must've felt smug when you used your supreme power to violate and made me think I was going crazy. Were you laughing when, over many occasions, I cried so hard that I fainted as a result?"

Although those words came out as soft whisper, I couldn't help but feel vulnerable yet furious.

This man... is sick!

His people are sick!

Not because they are different but because how filthy they are, especially him.

"No, of course not. Eblilis, there are many things you don't know. What you know is not even the tip of the iceberg." That broke the last thread of control I was holding on to.

"So were you playing quiz with me then?" I shot up from my sitting position and stood on bed. With one hard slap on his face that I've been trying not to, I looked at him coldly.

His face turned colder but I don't care.

"If there are secrets and things about your tribe, congratulation to you but what has that got to do with me? Why should I know them? Why should I be concerned about them? I'm a mere college student who's aspiring to become a well known architect and live a normal life and every dream of mine was crushed by you and all you give is the shit about how I don't know anything about you and the secrets of your tribe?"

I was raging bull by the time I completed. Heaving harshly, I knew there was invisible smoke coming out of my nose and ears.

I'm seriously so done with this senseless jerk. If he wants to tell me about it, then just tell me, why would play this nonsense quiz with me.

It's as if he is having fun teasing me by giving me some answers and leaving out some.

"You dared to hit me?" A small but an absolutely commanding voice rang in the room. The atmosphere in the room changed to chilling one as the ice shards were coming from his eyes.

An aura, a power so strong emitted out of his body that I'm sure that it was anything like they show in movies, this power would've trampled mountains to sand grains.

I heard the thunderous footsteps hurrying outside and the small surprised scream coming from all around. The windowpane in the bedroom started to shatter violently and so are the other doors and windows.

Strong wind blew everywhere causing vases and other items to fall down and break.

Did this scare me? Not really.

Did his cold stares scare me? Yes, a little.

But the whole ordeal caused me to focus my attention on something else; rather someone else.

I looked back to crib and soon rushed to my son to protect him from this disaster. To my surprise, the little fella was still sleeping peacefully and not even a small hair on head is out of place.

Sighing in relief, I turned back to the jerk with a glare and by the time I did so, his sudden wind atrocities seized and a look of concern washed over his features as his eyes laid on the crib.

"I will leave this place with my son." I declared.

This man is not even worth being a father. Moreover I don't want my son to be someone like him in the future.

"No you will not." He clipped out.

"Whenever did I ask for your permission?" I ridiculed and proceeded to carry my son in my arms.

"You can't leave this place until I wish, Eblilis. Did you forget how you got here no matter what? You cannot and will not leave this place. You are mother of my child and shall be the queen here."

Look at the audacity for this man!

This is truly an eye opener to me.

Hugging my son close to my chest, I struggled a minute to control the growing frustration and anger inside me.

I was unable to bear this unreasonable person anymore. He does all sorts of evil things and when retorted back, he puts on the air of almighty king of puff-chickens.

If this goes on, I would wake up with high blood pressure tomorrow.

But during the whole argument, there was one thing I could not understand. There was this one important question, one important doubt that caused me to palpitate.

"Why me?" It came out as a whisper as a small drop spilled out of my eyes.

This was not the tears of fear, these were the tears of all the pent up frustration, anger and helplessness I've been feeling all these months; especially this very moment.

"Tzalmon Jerk Ebernus, don't you have ladies in your tribe or you don't have potent ladies in your tribe that you sought after me to play mummy-daddy with?" I continued.

Looking at him, I realized it wasn't only me who was frustrated at the situation. He was silent and looked down at me with his almighty irritated gaze.

How dare he feel irritated when he caused it all!

"Speak. You could've shoved into any lady from your precious tribe. What about the gracious Miya that claims to be your queen? If you so want to have sex, then you have available ladies free of cost here. But if it was the baby you wanted, then why didn't you fill Miya's womb?"

That's right! Why a simple human as me was a target here? Surely, there are lot more beautiful and high breed women here.

"They cannot. It has to you. It has to be only you."

Yet again, his words left me speechless for nth time today.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Who thinks Tzalmon is too unreasonable and thoughtless?

Your views on how Tzalmon was revealing only some information and giving Acacia trouble?

Acacia only wanted answers but not only was she getting played but she was also given only half answer and in return was accused to not understand his situation.

Tzalmon is a Jerk. Agree?

What will Acacia do now? She cannot escape the island with her son. Your views on her situation?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 32
**Tzalmon Point of View**

Patience and tolerance were never my best qualities.

Despite that, I had been accommodating and calm all because she was our benefactor. She was my benefactor.

However, I did not know she would so stubborn and unbearable.

I had watched her for a year and knew she has explosive temper but with me being a king of a powerful race and a man who was desired by many women, I expected her to soften up a little after seeing me.

Never had I thought that her hate for me would only increase several folds and not even my power, position and looks mattered to her.

Greed was one thing that every specie in the whole universe cannot shake off from themselves. Eblilis, on the other hand, did not care what I am and how I look. My soothing words did not appease her, my dangerous aura did not control her, my anger did not terrify her nor did the thought that I can do anything to her with a snap of a finger.

Apparently, surprisingly, my powers did not even cause a scratch on her and even I don't know why that is.

"Majesty, about the lady -" Gyles trailed off looking here and there not knowing how to complete his sentence.

"Keep a watch on her. Protect her from far and make sure she does not leave the kingdom grounds." Frowning at the complicated thoughts, I gave a simple glance at Gyles and ordered him.

"As you command." He turned back to leave my study.

"Tell Nolot that if his niece Miya ever dared to make such a display of disrespect and audacity then I shall make sure her soul perishes from existence." I declared with a scowl and waved at Gyles to leave.

When I think about how audacious Miya Nolot was when she walked to the restricted part of palace and insulted Eblilis, a kind of darkness that I locked up deep inside swirled itself out.

While Eblilis was impudent, it was my job to tame her; at the end she was still the mother of the kingdom's future king and also the person who broke the curse.

The curse...

Indeed she was the only person who can break the curse and bring the whole race to existence again and for that, no matter how stubborn she acts, I could still swallow all the hard emotions against her.

It has been week since the day I revealed to her that she was the only one who could give birth to my child, I left her right after to give her space and time to think.

I knew she wanted to know more about the predicament but the rest of the story is not something she has to know. It was enough for her to know why she was her and who I am and what this kingdom is.

A week, even though I avoided seeing her, I still know what she has been up to for every single second.

One whole week, she had spent in her bedchamber, rejuvenating her health and looking after our son. Despite not wanting to have the child in the initial days of her discovery of pregnancy, she was now very much maternal to our son.

However, the matter that my son was rather too attached and protective of her was rather astonishing. A child has a very close intimate relationship with mother, I understand that very well. But the moment he opened his eyes, my son was fiercely possessive and protective of his mother; that surprised everyone.

Two days after Miya was dragged out of Eblilis bedchamber, she tried to waltz back into her room again with intention of hurting her but who would've thought the bedchamber that Eblilis lives in is protected with a powerful shield.

A powerful shield that a two day old child has created!

If that was not stunning enough, there was even an invisible and a very powerful shield around Eblilis' person which was again created by a two days old child.

That day, the moment Miya tried to walk in, the shield not only restricted her but also depleted a large amount of her soul-strength.

"Majesty, Lord Bevau is here." The senior commander under Gyles, announced.

"Send him in and do not let anyone inside until I give express orders." Hmm, let's know what he thinks about the important issue in hand.

"Greeting, your highness, I am here at your service as per your command." Lord Bevau bowed. I simple nodded at him and gestured him to take a seat.

Lord Bevau is subject under my command who looks after the astronomical and prophetical phenomenon. He was one knowledgeable and person of wisdom that assists me with analyzing things.

"I've looked into the things you've asked of me." He started speaking politely, not maintaining an eye contact with me more than a few seconds.

"Tell me, while even the most powerful ancestors of mine could not place such powerful shields until later years of their lives but a couple days old son of mine was able to; how?" Hearing me, Lord Bevau features turned excited.

"My king, While I'm not completely sure about it, I do surely know that the young prince's power and strength is related and depends on his mother, the to-be queen."

"Hmm? Elaborate." Now that's intriguing.

"Lady Acacia is one person that could break the curse that was placed centuries ago. While it was also true that the young prince also has a part in breaking the curse. It might be of that reason that the young prince is rather more attached and affectionate to Lady Acacia. Moreover, the one thing that mortal humankind possesses more than any other is compassion. May it be love, hate, kindness or cruelty, humankind were always possessed a great amount of compassion. Being a half human could also be one of the reason for his absolute attachment towards his mother."

"However, it is still unclear about the source and true main reason of young prince's astounding range of power. I might know clearly if I'm to see more incidents involving Lady Acacia and the young prince."

Hearing his analysis, I feel in deep thoughts. "Hmm. Keep looking into this matter."

Once he took my orders and left, I had an hour of contemplation before I stood up and walked towards Eblilis' bedchamber, finally deciding to proceed with matters that have been on hold.

Reaching the door, I hesitated for a moment before steeling up and going inside. Unlike how the shield restricted my invisible form to enter, with a physical body, the shield allowed me inside the room.

My own son restricted me from entering the room in invisible form!

The thought alone amused me to great extent. Judging by his behavior towards me, his own father, I reckon that the coming years would be entertaining.

Going in, I noticed Circe right beside the crib watching over my son. Sensing my arrival, she immediately straightened and bowed respectfully.

"Where is she?" I asked as I went to the crib and picked my boy and rested him in my arms.

"Your highness, Milady is in her study chamber making wooden toys for young prince." Nodding, I went to her study room along with our son in my arms.

The boy is awake and is looking at me with his wide eyes. A smile graced on my lips when the little brat is looking at me inquisitively.

He has far different expression when he looked at me than when was looking at his mother. His eyes always brighten and he smiles whenever he has his eyes on his mother.

Such a mother-pecked boy!

"I remember showing you how much I despise you and your actions; how come you are here after tucking your tail between your legs for a week?" Eblilis did not even raise her head from what she was doing while she spoke.

Seems like a week of time has substantially calmed her urge to break her way out of this place!

After a few similar incidents, I'm not even offended by her words now!

"Our son should be named soon. You refused to accept the name I gave so I shall arrange for the ritual. We need to give him a name this evening. Prepare a name but hear me out, no matter how much you hate me, the boy is still my son and heir so he shall be under Ebernus family name."

While I was speaking, she did not even give me a single glance and continued to rub sandpaper over the small wooden toy she made.

"Hmm." She hummed and finally raised her head. Putting the toy on the table, she moved like cloud towards me and calmly took the boy from me.

Once the boy was in her arms, her calm serene look transformed into a smiling one. Upon seeing his mother smile at him, my son smiled back at her and wiggled in her arms in excitement.

"If any of your chickens look down upon me again like the other day, I will not hold back, mind you." With that, she grabbed the small basket of toys she made and walked out sparing me not even a single glance.

As beautiful and talented as she is, she is a mountain of stubbornness.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Isn't the young prince so cool? He is like a guard to his mother.

Acacia can have a world for enemies, but with one son, she can rule anywhere. What say?

What name with Acacia come up with for her son?

Tzalmon finally gave into her stubbornness for now and let her do as she wish.

Will Tzalmon realize his mistakes and consider Acacia's emotions?

Will Acacia ever forgive Tzalmon?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 33
**Acacia Point of View**

I held my head high and walked through the path towards the throne. Left and right, I received variety of looks but if it was old Acacia, then I would've felt awkward and dominated but now, after what I had gone through, I don't have to give these brainless undeserving chickens any thought.

Some men were clearly looking down on me, some were angry while some were curious. Other than the male chickens there is a female poultry as well and most of them are pretty obvious in their thoughts that they find me absolutely undeserving.

Am I concerned at it? Absolutely not!

Taking an inaudible sigh, I took small steps towards where Jerk is sitting. Considering the long heavy gown I'm wearing and a small bundle of my joy in my arms, I didn't want to step on my own clothes and trip in front of these fowl lot.

"Eblilis," Jerk called out and stood up as I stepped on the platform where his throne is. Once beside him, I stood silently with a cool look without giving him another glance.

Now that I'm standing on the higher platform could I see how grandly the whole place is decorated. The great hall was decked up like a bride and a chandelier of candles illuminated lights through crystal chips around them.

There are over hundred people present and I can tell that all his courtiers had come with their families to celebrate the event. All dressed in ancient clothing.

"Milady, the young's prince's naming ceremony shall hence begin." A stout looking man spoke carefully after he received a nod from jerk.

I nodded coolly and played my part for now. If it wasn't for naming my son, I wouldn't have troubled myself in involving myself with these hypocrites.

"Please place the young prince here, Milady." The stout man asked politely causing me to raise my eyebrow.

He wants me to put my son in front of huge sword?

Perhaps jerk saw my expression that he took a step forward and explained it to me. "This is the sword that symbolizes our kingdom's power and only a true heir can pull it off the stand and use it. Every time royal family has a child, we shall announce their name by writing it on the sword. Only the true heir can have their name etched on the sword while other royal children shall have the acceptance of being a part of royal family."

I looked at the huge sword standing on its holder illuminating a great power as it glared down on everyone and everything. The hilt of the sword has the emblem that I've seen on everything when I first came here.

A fire touch with a bird flying over it.

There is also a huge maroon color flag with the same emblem on it

Calmly, I crouched down and laid my son in front of the sword holder. Soon the stout man who was hosting the ceremony brought a fire stick sized long cylindrical charcoal lit on one end.

"Have you thought of a name yet?" Jerk asked handing me the charcoal like fire stick. I nodded wordlessly.

In the week days of when jerk avoided me, having time for myself and my son, I realized a few things after much thought.

One, I am stuck here for now and if I am to get out of this place, either I need to know everything about this place and these people or I should be lucky enough to stumble upon some weakness which I can use it against him and get away.

Until I can find either of them, it is better lay low and show that I have given up on escaping.

Two, the other day, when he said it has to be only who can give him the child, it opened several questions and possibilities before me.

I think the appearance of the jerk and his people has something to do with me and my son. Even if it goes against my beliefs in science, if I'm not wrong, there must be some sort of curse or something on this tribe.

So, having information is important now.

"Now, with this, write the name on the sword blade." Taking the fire lit charcoal stick from his hands, I bent a little to write the name I had thought for my son.

I put it on the sword blade and was about to write when I heard the first expected and anticipated comment of the day.

"I don't understand why Majesty let this lowly woman spread her useless wings. It's the young prince and our future king; why is this woman putting her nose in naming him?" Even though it was a comment, it was said in a particularly audible tone.

"I agree. Majesty is high and mighty and is at the pinnacle of the hierarchy. He is also the man of the family who is to take decisions, why is a woman deciding the name?"

"Women are insignificant and should know their place."

"This lady has no sense of boundaries."

"Majesty, you are known as the most powerful man in the realm of deities and is also famous for being the merciless king who has taken this kingdom to new heights, while it's not my place, I still want to know why you are indulging this woman."

Comments after comments crashed in the great hall and people who are silent until now started to whisper as they threw glares of contempt at me.

My hands balled into tight fists, I stood straight as I pinned everyone with a cold gaze.

Seems, these men think they are above everyone and women are insignificant!

"Mind it, she is going to be your queen in future." Even though his response was a few seconds later, the jerk did manage to growl commandingly.

Although his declaration did silence them but make no mistake, I can sense the small pinch of agreement with the comments in his tone and glint in eyes.

While the men of great standing was speaking, their family women sitting behind them either nodded in agreement or held their heads down docilely.

Such a bunch of hypocrite men!

Scumbags everyone!

"It's my son. I'm the one who went through pain and gave birth to him so I have every right to make decisions for him. If there's anyone who cannot bear to watch this; get out. I have no obligation to please brainless men." Every word that came out of my mouth were like sharp needles that hit everyone and I meant that to happen.

If they cannot shut up, then I don't mind offending them.

"Let me see who dares to stop me." Saying, I bent down again to write the name on the sword.

Holding the charcoal stick, I ignored the angry murmurs and wrote down the name of my son.

"Igses Dawn Ebernus." Jerk announced in a low yet an audible tone once I finished writing the name on the sword.

The words I wrote down with the fire lit charcoal stick started to glow in ember flames on the sword blade.

"Igses Dawn Ebernus, the name of my son. The middle name 'Dawn' is same as his mother's. A man who carries his mother's name in his; anyone has objections?"

The thought of adding my surname or my middle name to my son's name was the idea I had from a very long time but seeing how these male chauvinists have nonsensical sense of ego, I'm proud of my decision.

"Igses sounds good. A good choice." Jerk spoke liking the first name genuinely and I nodded.

Of course, I thought a lot to come up with this name.

About the matter, he likes the name of his insignificant mother's name in his son's name or not, that is none of my concern.

The hall quietened down which I'm very satisfied about.

The name that was written on the sword is now etched on it proving Igses to be the next true heir. Although there's absolute silence around the hall, their eyes did brighten when the name was now engraved on the sword blade.

Picking my son up, I turned to the stout man and asked, "Is it done or is there anything else?"

"The ceremony ends, Milady. There's banquet now." He answered respectfully.

"Bring my food to my room. I don't want to be rubbed off with stupidity." Turning towards Circe who has been following me everywhere, I ordered her.

And by the looks of everyone, the message clearly reached them.

"I told you to mind your people and yet they humiliated me. Some merciless powerful king you are; even your subordinates can speak as they like to just anyone." I scoffed as I glanced at the room full of people once again.

"Remember everyone, I am a queen or not will depend on my decision. Everything related to my son and my life depends on me. Didn't you say I'm just an insignificant woman, then -" I sneered at them.

"You lot are not even worth dust under my feet."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chaptert? Good?

Igses Dawn Ebernus. What do you think about the name? Igses for a boy, sounds alright?

This lot are male egoist people. Your views on their disgusting behavior?

Don't you think Tzalmon is rather indulging his people than Acacia? They can speak as they like to her in his presence. Your views?

Acacia has a personality makeover from the last book. You think it's good?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 34
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"Majesty, Your Majesty, this is -"

"This is insufferable!"

"With due respect Majesty, this woman is a woman no matter if she was a queen or not. She was acting bold and foolish by raising her tone before us, men."

"I plead Majesty to reconsider in appointing that lady as our queen. The fate of our kingdom -"

"Enough!" I roared, making all the displeased comments to come to a stop. The great hall once again was enveloped with silence and everyone was looking at each other conveying their displeasure through their eyes.

Beside me, the root cause of this chaos was standing with a very calm and cool expression but the sharp looks she threw against those who slighted her were not lost on me.

This woman, the more I thought I understood her, the more she defeats my understanding.

"When has it come to your hands about whom I marry and make my queen? After centuries of sitting on this throne, seems like even some puny courtiers could raise their voice against me." Over the deafening silence, my voice rang sharp and imposing.

Those who had any thoughts and who were voicing them earlier shut their mouths and hung their heads down.

"Apologies, your Majesty. We understand." The first rank minister and the head of the council of ministers replied on behalf of everyone and bowed a little curtly towards Acacia.

With one final heated glared towards everyone, Eblilis, with our son in her arms, walked out gracefully with her head held up with confidence.

For a second there, I couldn't believe this was the same woman who cried relentlessly and was easily scared a few months ago.

Once she was out of the hall, the head of the council of ministers, Kolfinn Suret, heaved a sigh as his shoulders suddenly relaxed.

"Strange." Although it was just a mumble, several of us heard it.

"What is?" I asked finding this reaction of his peculiar. Kolfinn was one of the most powerful person in the kingdom only second to me.

In the past, there were several people who were more powerful than him stood against him but he never was tensed, unlike today.

He was one hard nut to crack.

"She's a powerless human yet -" He licked his lips anxiously before continuing. "- Yet she made feel like I should stay clear of her way or else I would face consequences." He spoke glancing at the way Eblilis walked way once more.

Hmm? She made him feel inferior?

Interesting!

"But she has no unusual aura, Lord Suret." Gyles spoke with lot of sarcasm added to it.

While Kolfinn was wise and an attentive person, Gyles, on the other hand is a hardheaded general who only knew how to use fists.

"General Gyles, do not forget this same powerless human lady was the one who lifted the curse that couldn't be lifted for several centuries."

Hearing Kolfinn's words everyone fell silent and was having their own thoughts. Even I found his words rather reasonable seeing as my aura does not affect her at all.

If Kolfinn found Eblilis' defying nature could make him sweat uncontrollably, then it means it's not about the power or magic that caused him this effect it was rather -

Rather her mentality. Her personality and her will power!

That's right!

Her mentality changes every time she encountered something new against her but she only got firmer as it passed by. This is also why I couldn't tell what her thoughts her and what her real character is.

After the small discussion about Eblilis, the banquet followed next and the needed happy mood was back.

Several high officials personally came and congratulated me and proceeded to have a taste of delicacies. Circe and a couple of other maidservants, as per their part, served food to Eblilis in her room.

Once the event came to an end, the sky was already in the blanket of darkness. Nevertheless, I walked towards Eblilis room to calm her anger.

I don't know why I, the great one, should go and explain myself but I felt that if I don't quench her anger, it would not be good.

Standing by the door that was wide open, I saw her lull Igses into sleep and once he was asleep, she placed him on the bed surrounding the little boy with several pillows.

Once done, she turned around and saw me standing but did not even give any surprised response. She only walked silently and draw the curtains close separating the sleeping area with the receiving room.

I walked to the couch and sat on it, waiting for her to take her seat as well. Once she made sure that Igses deep asleep, she moved towards the sitting area and chose to sit on the single chain opposite to me.

"You wouldn't be here if you don't to gloat about you esteemed race and your esteemed chickens. Tell me, what is it?"

She was just a small person; I'm two heads above her. Where does her confidence come from?

"My people shall give you the respect that a Queen should receive." I kept it short not wanting to tick her off.

"Ah, I saw how respectful they are. No doubt I will receive endless respect in future." She whispered softly taking into account that our son is sleeping not few meters away.

"What happened today shall not happen again. Don't whine about it anymore." Hearing what I say, she only gave me a sharp glace before she said something I wasn't expecting at all.

"What about the compensation for all the humiliation I went through today? I did not even receive an apology from the leader of the bullies."

Compensation? Leader of the bullies?

Is she saying that I instigated the lot to disrespect her?

Although I did not interfere in the beginning when she was getting insulted, it doesn't make me the leader.

Wiggling my brows with extreme dissatisfaction and humiliation, I gritted my teeth at her openly. "What compensation are you expecting? An apology from the leader and the accomplices?"

A small wicked glint sparked in her eyes for a second and immediately went away. "I don't bother beating a barking dog. However, I still need to be compensation to teach the owner and leader of those dogs a lesson." How dare!

I nearly went berserk when her words filled my ears. But before I could say anything, she spoke, "One, I want a place build according to my plan and wish seeing as I shall be staying on this Godforsaken place for awhile."

"One? You have several wishes?"

"Not wishes but demands. Remember that you are compensating me." Gritting my teeth I agreed to her first demand.

"Two, I want all the books of all the libraries to be translated to English for me." Shutting my mouth, I nodded my head in agreement fearing that if I open my mouth, I might blow at her in rage.

However, the two demands she made were no too much.

"Three, I want a fief. Land that is completely under my control."

"Why?" I gaped at her for asking over the control of piece of land while I'm offering the whole kingdom and position of a queen.

"Just because you said so, I'm not becoming your queen. I'm an independent woman and I want to earn my living on my own. The fiefdom and needed money is a basic requirement to have my independent life."

"But you are the mother of my child! A woman!"

"And a person with two legs, two hands and a good brain."

Is independent life so important for her?

She has been living her until now however she like; isn't that independence enough?

"No. You will be provided with as much money as you ask for but not the fief."

"Why not?"

"You are hell bent of making me a laughingstock in my own kingdom." A female Lord? That would be such a shame and disgrace!

"Hmm," She hummed, "Why should it have to be only me? Why am I the only one who could revive your whole race?"

"Fine! Fief it is." Contrary to my raging self, she looked pretty relaxed and did not even conceal the triumph seeping in her eyes.

Of course I cannot tell everything to her; at least not this.

Because even I don't know the reason why she was the one only who could lift the curse. It was a question to me as well and about other things she wants to know, I have no obligation to clarify.

She doesn't have to know!

"Hand me the required documents and the seal by tomorrow." With a stern order, she got up and walked back to the other side of the curtains towards the bed to sleep.

A moment later, I got up and walked out as well but that did not conceal the words she said before drifting into sleep.

"Didn't you want me here? Alright! I shall make your whole prided kingdom upside down one day."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Don't you think Tzalmon is too loose on his subordinates that anyone could speak anything about his future queen?

Why did Acacia demand such compensation?

Why did she want a fief? Is she planning something?

Acacia is a powerless power compared to the whole kingdom of supernatural beings. So what she could do right now is stay and wait for the perfect moment to slip away. Your views?

Can Acacia change and improve her prestige in other's eyes?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**






###chapter 35
**Acacia Point of View**

I never found myself to be an unreasonable person.

Mostly never!

Falling in the pit of supernatural old-school island, being disregarded just because I'm a woman added with constant humiliation; my determination of having an independent life got firm.

If nonsensical impudence can generate electricity, then this place would never have blackouts.

"My little man, mamma is stuck here and has to be vigilant until I could take you out of this place." I whispered playing with my son's tiny hands.

As if he understood what I said, he laughingly pouted at me showing me his toothless gums.

Looking at the little boy, a sudden pain pinched in my heart. "I don't know how your grandparents and uncle are. Are they still worried about me and still trying to find me or do they think I was dead?" A wave of sadness hit me and a tear rolled down from my eyes.

"You know, your grandparents are the best parents. Although we hail from a simple family, I and your uncle were loved so much. Thinking about how I might not see them again makes me hate everyone here more."

No matter how this little one is born, his grandparents and uncle will love him boundlessly and accept him who and what he is.

Mom, dad; I miss you all so much!

"Little man, promise me, you shouldn't grow up to be boorish like these people, you have to become a gentleman with right manners and adequately kind." I smiled down slightly, rubbing his chubby cheek with my fingers.

My son is blindingly handsome!

Of course, he is mine.

"Milady." I heard Circe knock the door and enter. "Milady, Majesty has asked you details about the residence you want to have built."

I showed the blueprint and the wooden model I once made and asked her to give them to her respected Majesty.

Only this morning, jerk has provided me with the deed of fief that I asked for. It was not even a few kilometers far from the castle and was very close. However, the size of the land was considerably good so I demanded to have a residence of my own built before I could think of what to do with the remaining place.

All these days, months here, I understood one thing; these people or jerk will not tell me anything that want to know or will he let me leave.

Once I came in terms with that fact, I realized I need to put efforts and gain information on my own.

A few more days; just few more days until my own place is built and the books are translated, I might find a portal or something to escape.

I thought imprisoned in this place alone and stranded was hell but having people around with strange abilities was worse.

Once Circe handed the model and blueprint and came back, I called her to the window and pointed at a certain place outside. "I always wanted to ask you, what is that place? It seems to lively every day?"

I have been watching it from my window from few days and this place although it was pretty far away, I could see how lively and buzzing it is.

"That is a biggest market in the capital and in whole kingdom, Milady. From poor to rich, peasants to royals, that market offers everything."

A market!

"In the capital? If this the capital, then there are other towns and cities here?"

"Undoubtedly, Milady. The reach of our kingdom is vast and beautiful." She said with a proud smile.

Squinting my eyes, I looked at the sky and noticed that the climate is pleasant to take a walk.

"Circe, prepare a small bag of utilities for Igses and get some money from the treasure that I got this morning. Let's go visit the market."

"That - Milady - permission from -" The middle aged woman squirmed awkwardly.

"Is not needed. Don't ask him; inform him. I will change Igses clothes and get him wrapped in warm blanket while you get the money bag." With the order passed, I immediately changed little man into a simple onesie and put aside a warm woolen blanket to use if needed.

I changed into simpler and comfortable gown and tied strings of cloak around my neck. Once ready, I carried my son in my arms and walked out of the room just to see Circe already waiting for me with a bag of Igses things and a heavy pouch of jingling coins.

It has been many days since I stepped out of the castle to take a fresh breath of air. The little one also needs to look around and enjoy rather than being confined up in a room.

Also, it's good to look around and understand things if I want to have my stand in future.

Once we climbed down the staircase and came to the main doors, a bunch of men in a uniform stood on either side and bowed to me. I raised my eyebrow at their synchronized bow and noticed that uniform they are wearing seems to be worn by only a very few highly trained imperial guards.

"Milady, I'm Eelk, commander and leader of your personal security troop. Majesty has ordered us to guard you and young prince while you take a tour around." Eelk, what a weird name!

"No need. No one will know my identity while take a walk to the market. You don't have to accompany me. I want to have a leisure walk without grabbing any unnecessary attention." That jerk know I cannot get out of this place so what is he making such fuss about?

Eelk, the commander shook his head very politely and I can see he was actually being genuine with the respect he was showing me.

"You don't understand, Milady. People can easy tell you are not one of them and that may cause trouble for you. If we escort you, you will be safe."

Is that so?

"Hmm. Do you perhaps have something that can conceal the difference?" The commander scratched his chin and thought for a moment.

"Majesty can conjure something to cover up the difference, Milady. Please have a seat while I go and keep this problem in Majesty's table." I nodded and walked to the sitting area in the garden while I waited for him.

At least, this fellow did not refuse my idea right away and is trying to work out my way.

Nearly twenty minutes later, the commander made his way to us with a small golden jewelry box in his hand.

It was a small box but looks so beautiful with several gems embedded on it.

Very beautiful!

Circe took it for me and opened it. Inside the box is a platinum chain with a grayish color stone as the locket. It was simple yet elegant.

"Wearing this shall solve the problem, Milady. But we still need to escort you." While Eelk spoke, Circe clasped the necklace around my neck seeing my hands are full with my son.

Hearing that I cannot go out without security, I felt irritated but I cannot even take it out on these men. It's not even their decision so after a thoughtful silence, I nodded at them.

"If that is the case, change your clothes into something simple. You can tag along with me like a normal family member while the other can keep an eye from afar discreetly."

"Understood, Milady."

Soon, Circe and Eelk tagged along with me while the other guards left beforehand to scout the area for god knows what reasons.

It's not like I will be in grave danger in the hands of normal civilians.

Anyway, it's better to have a second hand to help.

The moment I stepped out, a carriage with two horses tied to it was waiting on the porch. "The market is a little far, Milady."

With a simple nod, I climbed into the simple carriage and settled myself beside the small window while Circe sat across from me and Eelk took the task of driving the vehicle.

Once out of the castle gates, the place which I roamed for several times before was all changed into a sophisticated, level grounded alley. Although there are no buildings in the alley, considering the king lives in the area, the whole alley has several guards patrolling ceaselessly.

The once jungle was now turned into huge ancient residential area with beautiful aristocratic buildings lined up for nearly six streets straight.

Those six streets have an invisible name board "snobbish" written on it.

The path to the market was indeed a long one but to see the geographic layout of the city from the carriage felt a little comfortable.

Thankfully, the carriage was a very simple one that did not catch any attention.

Soon we stopped at the huge arch that Circe said was the entrance of the market street.

"Park the carriage to the side, Eelk. We will walk through the market street." I said, smiling at the buzzing and loud street.

With the help of Circe, I got down from the carriage with my son still in my arms, awake and smiling widely as he looked around curiously.

"What do you want to purchase first, Milady?" Circe asked.

"Is there a gambling house here?"

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia got out of the castle finally after several days.

How will her adventure with her son goes?

Acacia is too pitiful. Don't you think so?

She misses her family but still cannot confirm how her family is doing. For this, I hate Tzalmon a little more.

What is Acacia planning with the fiefdom she got?

Gambling house? Why is the gambling house the first thing she is looking for?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 36
**Acacia Point of View**

"A gambling house?" Eelk asked as he looked at me with a strange look in his eyes.

"Hmm. A place where people gather to gamble." Although it was meant to be sarcastic, looking at the Eelk's expression a moment ago, I thought he genuinely must've not known what a gambling den is.

Not possible! No matter which era it is, a gambling place and a brothel are two places that stood constantly in every time.

"There is indeed such place, Milady. However, with young prince here, you might not be able to enter such place and the gambling place operates only when the sky is covered in dark." Eelk explained calmly.

Of course I wouldn't take my little man to such a place. I was only inquiring.

Gambling house is a place where all kinds of people from different corners gather. A place like that is a good place to gather information.

One step at a time...

If I want to solve all the puzzles that were in my life, I need to take one step at a time and know more about the root cause of this.

Know more about this race and its people.

"Apologies Milady, but a gambling den is not a right place where a lady with prominent background goes to." Circe spoke diffusing my thoughts.

To this, I only shrugged at them without giving any appropriate reply. Since the gambling house operates in the night time, I rather explore the market.

With a small sigh I started to take slow leisure steps through the road, watching several pedestrians checking out few shops and venders trying their best to sell their goods.

One word - lively!

I don't know when but a small smile took over my lips when the casual walk in the noisy atmosphere relaxed me a bit. Glancing down at the bundle in my hands, I noticed that Igses was having great fun too.

His eyes curiously roamed around making out the surrounding in his own perception. This made me decide that I need to take this little man out frequently. It will help both his brain and body.

However, the strange thing about the market is how most of the things are something I don't know anything about. They are weird and frankly speaking, I have no idea what use those weird looking stuff have.

Of course there were stall where basic necessities were sold; like food, tools, clothing and those that humans usually use in their daily lives. But there were also several stalls and shops selling strange stuff as well.

"Circe, aren't you people, spirits; do you eat normal food too?" This was something that I wanted to asked a very long back and seeing the banquet on the other day, I would've asked if not for the displeasing situation.

"Food made of vegetable, meat and other ingredients is naturally not our source of energy, Milady. However, we do eat such food more for pleasure. Over the time, a few of them have become our kingdom's specialties."

"So it's like that. Then what do you consume?"

"That -" Circe hesitated, clearly debating if she should share the information or not.

This time I turned to Eelk and raised a brow telling him silently that he better provide the answers I need. Eelk, seems like he is a wise man because he sighed heavily and opened his mouth to answer.

"One of the sources of energy was by consuming thoughts, feelings and emotions of other species weaker than us. There are three categories in this; The light, the dark and the shadow."

Interesting!

Very interesting!

Consume thoughts and emotions of weaker class? Interesting yet cruel.

"How cruel!" I mumbled thoughtfully.

"Not necessarily!" Eelk replied. "The consumption doesn't mean we squeeze the prey empty of all their thoughts and emotions. Just like how you breathe in air to live doesn't mean you are emptying the atmosphere. You are only taking in one component and releasing another. The same theory applies to us."

While he was explaining this to me, he pointed to the nearby stall. The stall was not much farther than where we are standing and the small stall is selling colorful gems.

"Milady, do you see those gemstones, they are called energy stones. Like I said, there are three categories; the light category people consume pleasant and good energy from around. The dark category people depend on depressing and negative energy. The shadow category consumes neutral energy which is neither good nor bad but something that exists in the middle."

"So each color of those gems signifies different state of emotional energy." So this is how it is.

The energy is stored in the form of gems and are sold. From what I'm seeing, there are all kind of energy gems which means consuming dark energy is not necessarily wrong.

"Is consuming dark energy not wrong?"

"Our race is considered one of the deity level races and his Majesty is a deity himself. Consuming the dark energy is nothing special or different unless they let the negative consume their heart and mind. The only different is the difference in strength. The light is stronger in some aspects, the shadow excels in some and the so does the dark."

Hmm, it is like vitamins alone is not enough but you need other nutrients too. That makes sense.

"Not every one of us needs these stones, Milady. The strong and the able people consume directly from the nature while there are several who are not able to do so. The energy gems are for them."

Now that I learnt about this, the strange items that are out for sale does not seem that strange now. Since these people belong to supernatural kind, the market indeed seems more interesting than before.

I slowly made my way to the stall that was selling the energy stones. The old aged vender welcomed us happily.

When I touched the gems, surprisingly each color gem has different temperatures. "Give me one of each." I turned to Circe to pay for it.

The seller's eyes brightened and packed them with such excitement that made me smile wider. No matter what kind it is, there are some people who are happy in smaller things.

Eelk and Circe, although did not raise a question at my purchase, they still looked very confused. It is apparent that they want to ask me why I need them when I cannot consume them.

Without clarifying their curiosity, I proceeded to move forward, taking in everything around me. Walking for a minute, a sudden thought came to mind and I immediately turned to Eelk.

"Tell me, do you consume from humankind too?" Why didn't I think this earlier?

Humankind is obviously much weaker.

"Yes, Milady. Every living thing has a spirit and Dr'helellis control and manages souls/spirits of every living existence. So we feed from those we mange. This is one of the reasons why we are knows as most powerful of all kinds."

Reasonable!

When you put it in that way, even plants have some sort of spirit in them. Although they do not have the compassion and variety of emotions that other species have, plants do exert their own kind of emotions.

But the more I think about it, the more spooky and perverted these people come to be. I never knew there was someone knows my thoughts and feelings and was feeding on them.

A chill ran down my spine at a mere thought of something invisible has complete access to my heart, mind and soul. This is so damn creepy.

Turning around, I continued to walk and the two followed me dutifully. I asked more about the other kind of food they consume. Eelk said consuming energy from thoughts and emotions is one of their food so when I asked about other kinds, Eelk said I would not understand them unless I have a basic understanding of Dr'helellis.

I understood what he meant and did not probe further. Since there a few stalls that provide food that I can eat, Circe recommended few that I could like and after tasting them, I loved them.

I gained knowledge about a few things that Jerk was too much of a scumbag to tell me. Since it's a monarchy, they are divided into different classes.

The Monarch or the King is at the apex of the cone. Then comes the ministers and other prominent families of Dukes, Earls etc. Then there are merchants and the rich who are not civil servants but just ordinary civilians who made it rich followed by medium class and poor class.

It's almost similar to normal monarchy system though!

After walking for a while I noticed a certain place which is rather energetic than the other part of the market. It was a huge colosseum like establishment, old and weary, but attracted several rich and prominent looking people.

"What place is this?"

Eelk looked where I pointed and shrugged casually while saying the most absurd and senseless words.

"That's a slave market."

Slave market? Imprisoning people and selling them like goods!

How cruel!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Finally, some information about the Dr'helellis. Your views?

Eelk has been politely good with Acacia. Don't you think, at least for that, he needs a clap?

The whole kingdom is drowned in nonsense and cruelty. What say?

Dr'helellis consume the energy from thoughts, feelings and emotions of others. Isn't it creepy?

What more do they get energy from?

For a person that belong to modern culture, the concept of slave market is unacceptable to Acacia.

Will she bring any changes in such a place?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 37
**Tzalmon Point of View**

Cold air hit me, felt like sharp ice shards pierced into me.

The look in her eyes was so terrifying this time that I almost had an urge to gulp. Even though I'm infinite times powerful than her, this one icy glare made me slightly tremble inside.

What happened now?

Wasn't she in the market to enjoy her day?

Why is she here giving me such threatening stares?

I'm already quite busy with ruling the kingdom and other most important matters; but this woman seems to be trying hard to make it very hard for me.

"What is it?" I finally asked not wanting to suffer anymore of her cold glares.

"Are you proud of yourself and your people?" She asked in a casual yet a cold tone.

For a moment I studied her to know what her intention is to ask me such a question suddenly. Finding so clue of her intentions, I nodded curtly affirming it.

"Such a great ruler! Then who exactly are your people? Who are the ones that you rule over?"

"What is the signification in asking me this? Isn't it clear that I own and rule over every single grain of sand in the whole kingdom." Everything in my kingdom belongs to me.

It's not a matter of question but a fact.

"Then why are several people of your kingdom suffering from the pain of being slaves?" Ah so that is what it is!

"Eblilis, you shouldn't feel bad about those low level females. It is their duty to serve their masters." I waved my hand nonchalantly as I gave her the explanation.

No wonder she looked pale!

So she was thinking about those slave women.

"Females?" She spoke and was quite for few moments before a glint appeared in her eyes. Something like cold flames raged in her eyes when some sort of realization dawned unto her.

"You mean all the slaves in your kingdom are only women?" I shrugged, ignoring the ridicule in her eyes.

"Why would a man become a slave?" Men are on the top of hierarchical cone. So it is obvious that men can be employed on jobs but can never be considered a slave.

On contrary, women are below us and are reasonable objects of slavery; may it be as maidservant or as a sexual servant.

"I- " She suddenly huffed out loudly and groaned as she stood up. "Nevermind. You cannot separate foolishness from a fool. There is no use expending my energy on someone like you. I rather work all my energy on my son and make sure he grows up nothing like you." She suddenly calmed herself and spoke as if she is not insulting me a bit.

Fool?

Did she call me a fool?

Did she just say she would raise our son to be nothing like me?

Does she even know that I'm an idol, an inspiration to my people and even to people of other races and clans?

She shook her head in disbelief and turned back to walk away but stopped suddenly when she reached the door. "I want my residence and my land to be available as soon as possible. I and my son want to leave this horrid castle at the earliest opportunity."

"You are taking my son with you?" I shot up from my seat and roared.

She wants to have her own place, fine. But my son is going to stay with me.

I was being lenient with her doesn't mean she separates my son from me.

"Then? Are you planning to put your kingdom aside and give your full attention to him or are you planning to give him to Miya to be his mother? With how your mindset is, I don't want my son to leave evil things from you." She really misunderstood me, didn't she?

Why am I evil? I'm one of the greatest deities and here a normal human is mocking me.

This is simply unacceptable.

"He is my son and he will be with me." I commanded firmly.

"Come and visit him when you want to see him. If you want to live with him forever, then prove me you can be a good father and a good being. A person who doesn't respect others cannot be a respectful person in his children's eyes. Remember this and act accordingly." With finality in her tone, she opened the door and walked away without even waiting to hear my next argument.

Damnation!

Why did the fates choose this stubborn and unreasonable woman to be the savior of the kingdom?

I cannot even do anything to her. If she falls, my kingdom falls as well.

Everyone only knows that she is the one who broke the curse over us but they don't know that she is more important to this kingdom than I am. That is the reason why my courtiers don't know the value of this woman.

Only I and astronomical minister, Lord Bevau, know that if Acacia Dawn Winters falls, then we and the whole kingdom fall too.

Although we don't know why it is like that, we certainly know that the destiny of my race is deeply connected with Acacia and her wellbeing.

Never mind! As long as she is under my surveillance, it doesn't matter where she lives and how far away she takes my son to.

Rubbing my forehead, I can feel a sudden headache caused by the anger I had to suppress earlier. I walked to pile of papers and invitations waiting for me.

Now that the curse is lifted, the small and big tribes that were acquainted with us have sent several messages and invitations. I wouldn't have bothered with them if not for -

Right. Now that I'm back, I need to take out the root cause of the curse in the first place. I need to act first.

Thinking about it, seems like keeping Eblilis and Igses away from the castle is better for now. Even they will be far from capital, I can still go there with just a snap of finger.

Wasting no time, I called Gyles and ordered him to announce the Oudad Province that henceforth they are under the command of Lady Acacia.

This is the first time that will be a female commanding Lord.

What has world come to!

"Oudad Province? Your Majesty, that region is covered with mountains, hills and lakes and is known for its scenic beauty. Lady Acacia, she -" I raised a brow at him silently glowering at him for his courage to question me back.

"Before we settle the cause of the curse, it is better she and my son is sent somewhere else. It is precisely because of it's senic beauty that Oudad is better place to settle temporarily."

"Understood, Majesty. But there is still bad premonition of what if Lady changes the province at her will. After all, fiefdom means she will be the commanding Lord of the province and has final say." Gyles expressed weakly.

Although he knows he is preposterous for questioning my decision, he still did it. If not for his blind loyalty for me, I would've beheaded him and fed his remains to slum rats.

"How much can she change mountains and hills; a province with minimum population in the whole kingdom?"

She cannot do much!

She will be busy with raising my son and maintaining the residence matters. Where will she find time and energy to do anything in a county covered by mountains?

"Also, the residence should be surrounded by four layer shield. Prepare everything." I ordered and got back to my own work not waiting for Gyles nonsense anymore.

With the extended royal families and officials not satisfied with Acacia, it is also good she is out of their hair for a while.

With that idea, the next five days went on with working on the kingdom matters and could hardly meet Eblilis. The few times I saw her was only when I went to see my son.

Over the past few days, after our recent argument, the hate and disgust in her eyes for me increased several folds and I don't even know where it went wrong.

I didn't even do anything to receive such disgust from her. However, she did not voice out her displeasure; thankfully.

Once Gyles got back and informed me that everything is set in Oudad, I pulled out the command seal and token that I prepared for her and went to her room.

I walked inside without even knocking the door or informing her about my arrival so what I saw before me made my heart soften a bit.

In front of me, on the bed, Eblilis is tickling and blowing berries on Igses tiny hands and legs causing my son to cackle loudly.

She continued to coo him and poke him on his chubby cheeks gently while Igses enjoyed the attention of his mother.

Looking at the scene before me, I suddenly felt a sting inside me. Although I visit my son and spent some time hugging him, this was not how it was.

Now that I saw how my son is closer and affectionate to his mother and was rather calm and quite with me, I couldn't help but want to separate them and have my son for myself.

Why is my son, my flesh and blood, not close to me like he is with Acacia?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Don't you think Tzalmon is too narrow minded and unreasonable?

Female are born to be slaves and men cannot be a slave. Your views on such thinking?

With such thinking, can Acacia bear with Tzalmon and his people?

Can Acacia cure even a little of their foolishness?

Do you think Acacia cannot do anything in Oudad province?

Will Tzalmon never learn his lesson and continue to disgust Acacia with his behavior?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 38
**Acacia Point of View**

With a look of solemn, jerk handed me the token of authority and the command seal as if he is giving his life as a sacrifice.

I didn't care though. If I'm to stay on this land for a while, I better know what I'm digging in.

Although he agreed to give me my privacy and gave me a house and land I asked for without a complaint, I still don't believe his intentions behind this are any pure.

The more I learn about him, the more disappointed I'm getting. His attitude and his mindset are making my brain to puke out.

I have never been a calculative and a scheming person. There was never such a situation that I need to plot against others. But from the moment these pests regenerated again from some goddamn curse and started to act so ungratefully, I understood that I need to only rely on myself and should not show my thoughts.

None of these are reliable and trustworthy.

Men are men, I cannot have any hope on them may it be with ancient era mindset or modern era thinking.

Men are always men and this particular lot of chicken heads is proving it again and again.

And women! Nah!

I read that a woman's formidable enemy is another woman. Although women on this land are suppressed and living in dormancy, as a woman I know that a woman's mind and heart are complicated may it be a good person or a bad person.

This makes me feel lonelier than I was alone and abandoned here for a year.

After putting away the seal and the token in a safe place, I looked down at Igses who was playing with hands trying to swallow his own little fist.

Little man, mamma is so alone, you need to grow up as a proper person so mamma can rely on you emotionally!

Although I did not voice these words out loud, I know my son has a very perspective understanding of surroundings even at such a young age.

Feeding breast milk to Igses, I asked Circe to call Eelk once Igses was asleep. Circe was indeed a good help but I'm still not sure enough to give a part of my son's responsibilities to her.

So wherever I go, I take him with. Now that I asked Eelk to come to the study room I'm using, I placed Igses on a crib in the study room so I can be at ease.

Call me Incredulous, but I'm ashamed of being doubtful of everything.

"Milady, greetings." Eelk knocked on the open door and greeted me with a small bow. I nodded and asked him to sit on the visiting chair opposite to me.

"I heard you want to have a talk with me, Milady."

"I heard you will be in charge of my security and follow me to the province that was allocated to me." After giving me the seal and the token, Jerk announced that Eelk and his team will be the first rank security team for me and Igses.

Knowing that Eelk was the one who was coming, I felt better because one, he is rather polite than others and two, he at least gives me the information I ask for.

"Indeed, Milady. I promise to take care of you and young prince with my life." He spoke with conviction and zeal in his eyes is practically flowing out like waterfall.

Okay...!

"The place we are going to... Oudad, what is it like?" At first, when I asked jerk about this place when I was given the required documents and the token, he just said that it was scenic place and we can like in a peaceful environment.

That jerk also has the gall to say that I didn't need to know more about other things and said that I just need to say put in the oudad castle and look after our son.

Hearing those words, I literally felt like pulling out his hair and slap his bald head.

He is too much!

"Milady..." Eelk hesitated and I immediately understood that jerk ordered him to not speak of these details to her.

So he is making things hard for me. Alright!

Until now, I only wanted a free and independent like but now, I want to make something big out of this opportunity.

"Speak. Once we leave the capital, I will be your direct superior. I rather you weigh the options and speak now." It wasn't a threat.

Just a reminded.

Out of all the chickens on this land, I have a neutral impression on Eelk and I don't want that turn to a sour one.

Eelk's face contorted a few times as he fell in thoughtful silence and finally sighed as he decided.

With a small firm nod, he spoke, "I cannot tell you a lot, Milady; after all I was ordered not to. But I honor your position so I shall give you the basic details."

Well, something is better than nothing.

"Oudad province is one of the best and most peaceful places in the whole kingdom. It is like a tourist place where not just Dr'helellis people but other kingdom people too often come to take a good rest. This province is made of nine towns, two major cities, nineteen villages and forty tribal places. Since Oudad is full of mountains, hills and forests, the number of villages and tribal places are rather higher than other provinces."

Sounds like a good place but -

"But this isn't as peaceful as you say, is it?" I asked with a smile.

Eelk was surprised when I said that and soon gave a small nod. I knew it!

"For a place surrounded and filled with mountains ranges and unending forest, there should be good number or gangs too if I'm not wrong."

Be it humankind or inhumane selfish bastard of a supernatural kind, gangsters should be common if my analysis is not wrong.

"I'm surprised, Milady. Indeed there are few notorious gangs who are powerful and use it as advantage for personal gains. But you don't have to worry, Milady, the oudad castle that was build for you is in the place that gangs are prohibited to enter." He assured me to which I only nodded.

"Why are these gangs not punished since your king is much more powerful than them?" Knowing how much of control freak and a bastard he is, he should've suppressed these gangs long back.

After all, if these gangs evolve more, they can cause greater problems for him.

With jerk's standing, he can easily wipe away them then why did he not act on it?

"That is complicated, Milady. But know that no matter how those gangs act, they dare never cross his Majesty. Also, these gangs, however bad they are, they maintain balance in the province and protect the territory from other forces."

So it's like that!

Interesting!

I think, starting my mission with these gangs is not a bad move. One step at a time, one day I will become a force that is no lesser than Jerk and I will get to that point on my own strength.

When I get there, I will, by hook or crook, take my son out of this hell all while pushing that jerk in to a misery of his own kingdom that he is so proud of.

After getting the basic details from Eelk, I came to know that we shall be directly teleporting to Oudad castle.

The ability to teleport anywhere with a flick is something on a very few on this kingdom has and supposedly, jerk shall help us teleport there.

We are supposed to leave capital and teleport to Oudad two weeks later and all of mine and Igses things are already arranged there.

However, after listening to what Eelk told me about Oudad, I fell in thoughts for a couple of days before making a decision.

Hearing it, Jerk gritted his teeth and gave me an aggravated look. Something cold and dangerous lurked in his eyes as he stared down at me as if he intended to drill holes with his stares.

Does it affect me? Not in the least.

"No you can't." He said with finality in his tone.

"Why not?"

"One, not convenient; two, it is dangerous." He supplied briefly.

"I can take care of it. You don't have to worry about it. Aren't Eelk and his team also accompanying me?"

"Woman, you will not take my son on a dangerous road trip to Oudad. It will take twenty days more or less and I will not have both of you suffer the journey when I can get you there with a flick of finger. No more argument. You both will be teleported."

"My son will be safe with me. I know the luxurious carriage you can provide will be well equipped, safe and well protected. No more arguments. We will go by road."

I will not let the opportunity to know more about my territory. If I wish to conquer it, I need to be familiar with about it.

Also Igses may be only days old baby but he is as powerful as jerk is. If he continues to stay confined in four walls, it will not be good so a road trip will be good for him too.

Knowing Jerk, his almighty narcissist nature will make sure we reach our destination without a scratch.

After all, if my guess is right, I'm still the most important person for his kingdom.

"Absolutely not!" He growled with finality and stormed out off like a raging bull.

We will take a road trip; he likes it or not is his problem.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

They will soon depart to Oudad. What changes do you expect from Acacia?

Acacia is planning to turn the kingdom upside down and gain influence on her own strength. Is it a right way to do things?

Isn't Acacia overestimating herself?

Oudad seems to be a challenging place. Your views?

Tzalmon, only calling her his future queen but not attempting to make her his queen; do you think there is something wrong here?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 39
**Tzalmon Point of View**

This woman is frustrating!

Again and again, every moment I talk to her, she keeps reminding me how frustrating she can be. It's like she doesn't care about anything and she doesn't care if I'm at the top of the food chain and can actually swallow her.

Why is she like this?

A woman should be docile and demure. A woman is most beautiful when she is obedient.

Although Eblilis stubborn nature is interesting; by no means is it enduring.

"You don't need to. We will be fine without you." She spat, stepping inside the carriage without giving me another look.

"Either I will be travelling with you or you will not travel by road at all. Choose." I'm so done with this.

No matter what I do and how accommodating I become, all her eyes have for me is hate. Funny thing is, I never, even for a fleeting moment, saw a glint of admiration or attraction in those dark pool of eyes.

I'm the most handsome man in kingdom and one of the most good looking man all the high ranking races. When even women from other races covet me, Acacia Dawn Winters has never given me any signs of liking or desire.

On contrary, she just doesn't care. She seems to not care about me or my position or my looks. Everything I do or everything I don't do makes her frown in disgust.

A person who is destined to lift the curse of my people and become a thread of hope, she is so against me and my people.

"I choose going without you. I rather dig an underground cave for years and go by myself than spend weeks of journey with you in the same carriage. You are the mighty King so take your chauvinist self to the people who want to roll along in the same puddle." She said from inside the carriage not even caring to lift the curtains up or come out and say it to my face.

My hands balled into fists when I took deep breaths to control the raging temper. If it were someone else, I would've tortured her, not letting her die or letting her live.

Eelk and Circe who were close to the carriage heard what she said and did not show any reaction. However, I know by the slightly shivering limbs that they are scared and scared for Eblilis life.

Gritting my teeth, I closed my eyes for a moment to stabilize my temper before I stormed into the carriage. A few moments of silence later, I opened my eyes and released my hands from the tight ball of fist.

One look at both Eelk and Circe, they understood and moved a few steps away from the carriage out of hearing range and I climbed in to have the same talk for the good knows how many times I had in the past couple weeks.

As if she expected it, she was very calm when she saw me inside and even placed Igses in the inbuilt crib she made inside the carriage.

Sitting down opposite to each other, while I'm a raging bull, she is like a silent crab. I looked dead into her eyes to see, what her thoughts are but like always I couldn't.

While I could see everyone's thoughts and emotions, she is the only one I could never perceive at all and it was the first time my ability read minds did not work.

Eblilis whole self is like an antidote of my nature.

"After doing so much for you and after being so obliging, why do you hate me?" Just as my words came out, she snorted, looking at me in ridicule.

"Obliging? Your shamelessness is beyond the level of comprehension. Tell me, did you oblige because you feel it is right or because you need to?"

"Why of course I need to." I answered right away and the aura of hate around her intensified.

"You lured me to this place, forced me and impregnated me and got a child from me is because you have feelings for me or is it because you need to for you own reasons?" She asked, pinning me with a contemptuous glare.

Looking dead into her eyes, I gave her my answer without a doubt because I am not wrong in what I dis. "I had my reasons. My people, my kingdom should revive back and I don't regret what I did."

"You sometimes showed yourself in my dreams to talk with me, why didn't you show yourself in the beginning, explain everything to me and seek my permission for this? It would definitely take time but why didn't you try?" And I did not say anything.

Not because I have nothing to say but because she wouldn't like my reply.

Honestly, I didn't care about it. All I wanted was the curse to be broken and the kingdom to be revived back.

And so, I didn't care to have a discussion with a small human. I'm the Monarch of Dr'helellis. A deity of spirits and souls.

"You didn't care, did you?" She spoke and by her tone, she wasn't asking. She was declaring. "And you say you are obliging."

"Just because I did not accept your terms, you are jumping like a cockroach on hot pan while you wronged me so deeply again and again and you say I should go along with your ideas?" She snorted and I gritted my teeth and taking in what she was saying calmly.

"You do not feel any positive affection for me and frankly, I don't care about it. But this little guy, who you call you son, is nothing but another chess piece to you. Only, this chess piece is a premium one since it is of your own blood and flesh. When you even calculate pros and cons of your son and make an analysis of how useful he could be, you think my hate for a selfish rotten thing like you is without a reason?" An absolute feeling of disgust hit me from her. Her aura towards me contains nothing but hate and disgust and I don't know why I felt helpless in my heart.

"He is my heir. Having expectation on him is given." I spoke in a clipped tone, briefly glancing at my son.

"Exactly. To you, he is your heir first and a son later. You don't even have a brain to use it correctly; your heart is rotten and corrupted; you think I would want to go anywhere with you? You say it is for my safety that you come along? I say, I and my son are safer away from you. You are the root cause of every bad thing that happened to me and that will happen to me and my son in future. You are a deity? What a joke. You an evil spirit that can only give sufferings and nothing good comes out from you. Get out and go roll in muddy water with someone of your kind."

The deepest and darkest part of me triggered and my anger knew no bounds as soon as her words reached my ears.

How dare!

How dare she is to insult me!

A mere mortal, a human who is inferior than a mosquito in my kingdom dared to spout out such things.

My hand automatically reached out and wrapped around her neck, intending to squeeze life out of her. I was so furious, so overwhelmed by the murderous feeling that all my senses only want to kill her and the rational part of me is confined somewhere.

Squeezing her neck, I growled angrily, the air around stopped at my command making it suffocating for the human before me.

I was expecting her to plead for mercy cry, wail and apologize but what I got made my mind go rabid with rage.

She frowned in pain but still looked at me with a sarcastic sneer. Her face was now pale as if she was emptied out of blood. She did not fight nor cry for mercy and continued to look at me with profound contempt and disgust.

Such overpowering contempt caused a twinge of pain in my heart.

And when I couldn't help but squeeze her neck with my full strength and end her life, the strength inside me suddenly started to plummet and hand that was holding her neck started to ache.

A powerful force came against me, draining me of my strength followed by a loud wailing from my son. Looking down at my son who was quite and playing to himself until now started to cry loudly as he wiggled restlessly in the small crib.

Although the force that was draining my strength was nothing something that go against me, it was still powerful enough to make me loosen my hand around Acacia's neck. She coughed out loudly and sat down gasping for air.

Only when I got away from her and took a few steps back did the force that was stepping down on my strength retreated.

An invisible shield covered her immediately and soon my son stopped crying after Acacia took him into her arms.

"Get out." She said in a low but in a firm tone.

"You are not worthy of being a father to such a good child."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia made it so she could take a road trip to her province. Yayy!

Was Tzalmon really being accommodating? Your views?

What Acacia said to him; you think it makes sense?

Acacia's anger, her situation; i think she is not rude or overboard with her words. What do you guys think?

Son is out to rescue his mother. Such a good baby he is. Isn't he?

Tzalmon is such a heartless evil spirit. Will he ever change?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 40
**Acacia Point of View**

Accommodating?

Benevolence?

He clearly doesn't know the right meaning to those words. I cannot believe he keeps surpassing his own benchmark of being a douchebag.

A selfish scumbag! That's what he is.

When he did not deny about not having selfish motives for his own child, I lost it. The last bit of hope that I had, not on him but on his feelings for his own blood and flesh, there is no more of that.

I mean, I was doubtful of having a baby in the beginning and was in denial for a period of time but I was at least true to myself and does not look at my child with a dollar sign in my eyes.

Having expectation on one's child is natural but this horrible jerk, he just regards and prides Igses for just being a heir.

What heir can a month old baby be?

What kingdom can he rule?

What battles can he win?

Can he just... just keep aside everything a show some love for the little man?

"Milady, please." Circe whispered, handing me another handkerchief. I took it wordlessly from her and wiped away the tears, trying not to sniffle loudly.

It has been a few hours we set out to Oudad; without jerk, and I've been crying uncontrollably.

Thanks to the heartless jerk!

However, I was not sad about being attacked by that monster. I was disappointed and distressed for Igses for having such a father.

"Your King is a scumbag. A vulgar jackass and so are most of your people." I did not hide my anger and did not try to keep my voice low.

The carriage slowed down and the guards who are riding horses slowed down as well but I don't care about them and their feelings for their Majesty.

No one retorted or acted against when they heard me but I know they are angry. Well, so am I.

If they think that because they have a pair of balls and they can wave them to dominate others, then I shall cut them off if I have to just so I can pave a unprejudiced path for my son and myself.

"Ssh Milady, if anyone hears it then -"

"Then they would hurt me? I want to see who has a death wish. I might be unable to leave this place but I'm not handicapped here." I could tell that the security team, other than Eelk, are not very happy with me with how their Majesty stormed out of the carriage after I told him off.

Circe and the other three maidservants that were sent with me looked at each other in fear but did not dare say anything.

The journey was going smoothly and in silence the next few hours until Eelk knocked the carriage door and informed that it was going to be dark soon and we will be looking for a place to camp for the night.

Soon, in about twenty minutes time, the horses and the carriage came to a halt and Circe along with other maidservants got down from the carriage to arrange a tent for me.

The whole day, all through the journey, I couldn't look out and enjoy the scenery all because I was rather moody but when I took my son in my arms and got down from the carriage, I was mesmerized by what greeted me.

We are standing in the middle of small clearing that is nearby the road and the clearing is surrounded by dense forest. The thick smell of rain and greenery invaded my senses and calmed me down.

Nature has that effect on me.

The sky was close to turn completely dark so the security men rushed off to arrange sleeping necessities and food for everyone. I held my son and sat down on a huge log nearby until everything was arranged. A few minutes later, there stood a huge Mongolian style tent in the middle of the clearing.

"Milady, the bedding and the dinner is arranged. Please proceed to the tent." Circe spoke, leading me towards the tent.

"Why is there only one tent? What about other?" Eelk, who was nearby and heard me, walked to me.

"The maidservants shall guard you inside while we guard the out. We are used to wilderness, Milady, we can rest without a shelter." He answered and walked off, ordering a few men to pull up a fence for safety measures.

Inside the tent, there was a huge makeshift cot neatly tucked in nice smelling bed sheets. Beside it, was a portable table and filled with three plates of food. While there were a few candles that lit the room, there were also glass jars of fireflies that illuminated bright light in the small tent.

Nodding to myself, I first placed Igses on the bed and beside him, I sat and pulled the table towards me to have my dinner before I breast feed him.

There was a plate of barbequed meat in one plate, some weird looking boiled eggs on the second plate and a few veggies on the third. A simple yet a filling meal.

Putting a small piece of meat in my mouth, I nearly moaned ecstatically when the greesy, well done meat filled my dry mouth.

It was heaven!

Circe poured me a glass of water while I put another and then another piece of meat in my mouth. "What about you all. Aren't you going to have dinner?" I asked the four ladies attending to me.

Circe smiled gently and pulled out a sachet full of colored gems. "The meat, we shall have every now and then but the energy we needed, we have it here."

Ah, so these gems are like travel friendly meals for even those who don't need the gems to energize themselves.

Nodding quietly, I proceeded to fill my stomach. In just ten minutes, I wiped away every grain of food in all the three plates and rubbed my stomach in satisfaction.

Imagine having to feed mother's milk to your child several times a day; this amount of food is nothing.

Once done with my dinner, I took Igses into my arms and feed his while Circe guarded the entrance so as to not let anyone around and the other three ladies went off to arrange some cleansing water and other supplements.

After feeding my son and lulling him to sleep, I washed my face and changed my clothes as we shall resume the first think in the daybreak.

While I laid beside Igses on the bed, Circe and the other three spread few sheets on the ground and laid down close to us. Closing my eyes, I could feel the aromatic forest breeze touching my skin and can hear the cicadas singing from afar.

"Circe, We are very close to the forest; aren't there any wild animals?"

"There are, Milady but they cannot get in. The clearing is well guarded and a defense shield set up." Circe clarified in a small tone.

"Hmm, so it's like that. Can people other than royal family set up such shields and mazes?"

"Not all but defense shields and other kind of military related magic shields can be operated by several high ranked officials. A few low level shields, most of the people can activate. However, there are few special attributes and shields that only royals can use."

"Eelk and his team are pretty powerful; why do they need to be vigilant around some wild animals? It's strange that they are being so anxious." I observed how edgy all the guards were from the moment we set out. I wonder what exactly are they looking out for.

I did not hear anything from Circe.

I know she is not sleeping but when she chose not to answer back, I knew there was something else that doesn't fit in this picture.

If not wild animals, then what are those shields and such high security for?

Few moments of silence later, I understood that I'm not going to get anything other than silence so I closed my eyes to have a good sleep.

A whole day in a carriage on a rocky road is very exhausting.

I didn't know when I fell asleep but when I opened my eyes, the sun was just coming up and my son beside me was already up and playing all by himself.

Looking at his small innocent smiling face first thing in the morning, nothing can go wrong even if hell broke loose.

When the little man saw me away and hovering over his small body, he cackled and waved his hands and legs as he hummed excitedly.

"Good morning to you too, little man." I kissed all over his face and pecked his small fists and feet. "Let's feed you before we head out."

After feeding him and having breakfast, we got back on road. Everything was going smoothly and in a matter of a week, we covered half he distance without any trouble. All along the way, I and my son enjoyed looking outside and enjoy the pleasant weather.

Until...

Until we were stuck by our first obstacle when we reached the boarders of Oudad province territory.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Do you all think that the story is going too slow? Please bear with it because it has to be slow.

Acacia finally set out without the Jerk in tow. 

Acacia is too disappointed for her son. Your views?

Will Tzalmon ever change her views on him?

Hold on... will Tzalmon ever change?

What will happen to Acacia and party in Oudad?

What stopped them in Oudad boarders?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Shares my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim
**

###chapter 41
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"Are you not going to show yourself, Your Majesty?" Gyles question received a scowl from me.

Turning back, I noticed the carriage and the few horses come to a sudden halt. In front of them was a small army of bandits that belong to a gang that belong to Oudad boarders.

Although the imperial security team were disguised as ordinary merchants under the command of Eblilis, one could easily tell that they were not just any merchants.

Being a part of esteemed imperial security order, the team extruded the aura that could make others want to kneel before them and beg for mercy.

"My apologies, Majesty. But you have been following them secretly to keep them safe but that lady does not value your concern. Moreover, she said such hateful words to you. One command, Majesty and I shall take care of her."

I can detect unfathomable loyalty in his tone and as a first rank commander of the kingdom, I was proud of him. If it wasn't Eblilis but some other person, then I would've given him the orders to torture them to death.

But the person in question was Acacia Dawn Winters. She should be kept safe; no matter what.

"What she said the other day wasn't all wrong." I openly agreed.

Gyles face turned red with anger and hatred albeit not for me but for his future queen, "But -"

"But that doesn't mean I shall forgive her for that. This isn't something you should get involved with so make sure you guard her well; other things, I shall take care of." I ordered and continued to watch what was unfolding before us from the shadows.

"There is no need to hurry and save them." I said and thought that with something like this, Eblilis would learn how to act properly and would know how to bow down to me.

A small danger can set the records straight for her. As for Igses, I would anyhow not allow anything to happen to him.

One whole day, the day they set out from the castle after defying him, that whole day I had spent practicing swordsmanship. Having nowhere to spend the anger and the hurt that her words left me with, the whole day I had to wield the sword over thousands of times until I had destroyed the practice field completely.

She called me selfish and questioned my motives towards my own son. I was angry, furious beyond imagination but after the whole day abusing my body with constant practice, I realized she wasn't completely wrong about what she said.

I would die before admitting it openly but still, I wasn't that foolish to not understand her implications. Not to forget how my son protected his mother from my outburst.

He used his power against his own father and the astonishing fact was it worked. The technique of sealing away my power and strength for a certain period of time was successful and what was more surprising was he was able to apply it on me.

I am the most powerful in the whole kingdom and his magic worked on me, making him more powerful than me.

Such a son, I was proud to have!

Only, he was very protective of his mother. Even going against me!

These things made me realize that I cannot act impulsively when around Igses. However young he is, his senses are rather advanced than his age. His senses towards his mother were strong that it made me what to know what exactly Eblilis did to receive such protectiveness from him.

"Who are you? Why are you blocking our path?" The loud demand from Eelk broke my trance.

From the shadows, I watched Eelk got down from his horse and moved towards the batch of bandits who looked unclean, treacherous and considerably vicious.

Of the twelve bandits, the burly one in the middle grinned at carriage and the security around as he pulled out a leaf and started to pick the substance from his teeth.

"Pay the silver to step inside." The burly man spoke carelessly, all the while cleaning his teeth with the edge of the leaf.

"Pay? Are you from the boarder administration authorities? Show your identity tokens." Eelk demanded as he gestured other guards to be vigilant and protect the carriage.

"Authority? What I say goes here. Little boy, I changed my mind, don't pay the silver. I want you to put down all the treasures you are carrying." The burly man grinned dirtily and waved his hand to his subordinates.

Upon receiving the silent orders, the subordinates gathered around the carriage with their weapons.

"Ay, Gyrd, whack the treasures out." And immediately, the man Gyrd jumped on the carriage and pulled the door out.

"This -" Gyles reacted but I raised my hand to stop him from taking any action. The security already started to fight with the bandits that surrounded the carriage while Eelk tried to stop Gyrd.

"Err, Boddie, there are chicks, no treasure." Gyrd scratched his head while informing the Boddie named burly.

But all the while, what surprised me was Eblilis did not even make a sound.

Is she scared until her voice was gone or was she -

She can't be not scared of such people. These bandits are ruthless and malicious.

Boddie walked to the front of the carriage, completely unaffected by thefew guards that were trying to beat him to death. Eelk gritted his teeth and punched Boddie on his eye when his eyes looked at the ladies inside the carriage and brightened with desire.

"Chicks, definitely the treasure our leader desire." Stumbling back from Eelk's punch, Boddie continued to assess the ladies inside the carriage with a broad lecherous grin.

Immediately, hearing those words, Eelk started to throw powerful punches all the while trying to cover their powerful aura.

After all, it is not safe to reveal their identities until they reach their destination.

Although Eelk and the others were very powerful and have top combat skills, a wild gangster is still a gangster who does not play according to rules. The issue that they cannot even reveal their force to suppress the bandits made it worse and soon the security team was overpowered by the bandits.

"That's enough. Stop fighting all of you." A calm surreal voice rang amidst the bang of violent fighting.

There, by the carriage door stood Eblilis, not scared, not worried, not anxious but very much calm and collected like clear water from a stream.

What is she doing? Why is she out?

Where is the coward girl that I once knew?

As her voice fell, the fighting ceased as if a strong force has compelled them into submission. However, I know she is just a human with no particular skill or ability.

"Grr, leader would dump silver on us if we give him this beauty." Boddie grinned widely amidst his bruises but before he could capture Eblilis, she spoke again.

"May I know who you are?" She asked gently like a proper lady in a tone that I never heard from her until now.

Is she being gentle with an troop of outlaws?

Boddie huffed proudly and beat his chest before answering, "I'm called Boddie, the third rank member of The black cobra gang. Beauty, come with me and please our leader. Our leader will take care of you."

The maidservants behind Eblilis tried to pull her inside and guard her but she pried their hands off and gave a look to Circe, telling her to stay close to Igses.

With a smile, Eblilis climbed down the carriage making everyone, including me and Gyles, look at her in disbelief.

"Majesty, this -" Gyles gritted. "What is the matter with that airheaded woman?" He continued when he saw dark malicious glint in my eyes.

I want to go there and put those outlaws in their graves; however, I held back myself wanting to know what this human female wanted to do.

"The black cobra? Do you people collect taxes from every passerby to enter Oudad?" She asked. Eelk walked towards Eblilis to block her from bandits eyes but Eblilis only gestured him not to bother with it.

"Aye. If they not pay, they die." Boddie said proudly. Eblilis nodded in understanding and smiled gently again.

"Then you must be very powerful. To kill those who go against you, you must have mighty power, right?"

"Aye. Our gang is the most deadly around this area." Eblilis heard him and look around with a thoughtful expression.

"Circe, bring Igses here." She yelled out and turned her attention to Boddie again.

What exactly is she planning to do?

"Are there any more gangs that collect taxes here?" She inquired.

"We killed them all. We rule this area." Boddie spoke, this time looking suspiciously at Eblilis and Circe, who has Igses in her arms.

Eblilis took Igses from Circe and with a smile, she turned to Boddie and said something that made certain this girl lost all her senses.

"Then please lead us to meet your leader."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

The boarder bandits of Oudad stopped Acacia and crew. What now?

Tzalmon understood his mistake or not; he is such an airhead. Your views

Tzalmon still followed her secretly in the name of protecting them. Is he good or bad?

Why is Acacia so calm when raided by outlaws?

Why does she want to meet the leader of the notorious gang?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim
**



###chapter 42
**Acacia Point of View**

"This - Milady -" Eelk whispered lowly as he blocked my way.

The group of outlaws that had surrounded us was leading us to their den and other companions that were coming along with me wore a distressed expression.

I blinked at Eelk in reassurance and silently asked him to follow but still be vigilant. Receiving my signal, he did not say anything more but he still hesitated every step he took. He raised his guard and followed us wordlessly.

"Aye, young lass, who is that puppy in the bundle?" The Boddie guy who seems to have a habit of being very nosy asked as he glanced at the bundle in my arms.

"My son." I answered briefly yet politely.

He called my son, a puppy. This debt, I shall pay him back on the later date.

As the words came out of my mouth, Boddie and his men grinned maliciously, definitely making hundred and one plans in their minds.

I only smiled to myself and walked and walked for nearly forty minutes until we came to a sudden halt. I raised my eyebrow in question and looked around to see no establishment anywhere in the near vicinity.

We were standing in the middle very large clearing situated between two mountains. The whole clearing was covered in dry soil with no vegetation at all. But once you look around, you can see that the vast area of clearing was surrounded by dense forest. Although the vegetation was pretty far in the eye sight, the area still looked like there was inhabitation here.

However, there was not even a single hut or a tent here.

What is the meaning of this?

"Are we in the premises of Oudad region?" I asked Eelk in a low voice and received a nod of confirmation from him.

Well, good!

Before anyone of us ask Boddie guy why we stopped in the middle of nowhere, he whistled loudly like some kind of animal and soon the ground beneath our feet started to tremble.

Immediately Circe and the other maidservants ran close to me and held me tightly to make sure I don't fall face down on the ground.

In the next moment the trembling stopped and the dry sand that covered the ground blew away, revealing a small entrance.

An underground den!

Fascinating!

There a small gate to the opening and as the gate was opened, a bunch of untidy outlaw with long hair and unclean everywhere, stepped out.

"Grr, what have you got us this time Boddie?" The person who spoke seems to be the leader of the whole bunch seeing how he was walking in the front in such a festive mood.

These outlaws, they really know how to live grandly but they don't know how to wash up and clean themselves.

Where is all the silver and gold that they robbed going?

But this again, isn't this an advantage to me? For something I have in my mind, their situation proved to be a fortune to me.

Boddie jumped to the leader guy and whispered something in his ear, probably how he got beautiful ladies for him and how robbing us can benefit him a lot.

The leader's festive mood soon turned sour and even doubtful as he glanced down at us. When Boddie was still whispering something, he pointed his finger towards me and the leader guy's face turned even darker as he sized me up.

I stared back at him, neither challenging him nor being submissive.

Then his eyes landed on my son in my arms. With no particular reaction, the leader rubbed his chin roughly as he contemplated about something.

"Gyrd, rush them inside." The leader finally ordered and soon we were led inside towards the opening to the den. Although the gate was small, the area inside was spacious.

After climbing down a series of stairs, we reached another gate, this time it was a very large one. Going past the second gate very silently, we reached a large gathering hall.

The gather hall was very big with tables and chairs arranged without a proper order. There were ceramic containers that are used to store alcohol in ancient days.

Precisely, the gathering room looked exactly like that I've seen in several movies and dramas.

The leader walked to the stone chair like throne and sat unceremoniously on it and waved his hand without saying any word.

Taking the lead, I walked to the nearest available chair and sat down. Following, other people of crew too sat down close to me.

"I have been robbing for centuries now and this is the first time someone took the initiative to meet me. A fine lady at that." The leader laughed out, taking a gulp of ale from his bottle.

"If you have no love for your life, you came to the right place." He continued making the other outlaws laugh.

Keeping my calm, I did not respond and waited for him to say whatever he wanted to.

"I say, chick, want to be my woman?" The leader asked directly although I could see a tinge of hesitation in his eyes.

He knew something was not right.

Well, his instincts are good.

"I don't go to coward men. I prefer my man brave and kind." I shrugged and not even a second later, I heard the sound of something breaking.

It was the leader who broke his ale bottle after he heard my words.

"Coward? You call me coward?" He roared as he stood up like an animal on steroids. Eelk and the other stoop up immediately to hide me behind them but I pushed them away and gave them a warning glare telling them clearly not to intervene.

Eelk did not budge and so I stood up and pushed my way out and took a seat in the front row chair.

"If not coward, why are you hiding here? That Boddie guy said your gang is cruel and killed all your opponent gangs and you still hide yourself in a place like this." I continued to say as I waved my hand around the place to show them how pathetic this place is.

"Of course you are coward." Hearing me, the whole gang of outlaws roared in anger in unison. The sound vibrated throughout the place almost shook the whole place.

"You -" The leader breathed out fire and glared down at me dangerously. He expected fear from me but on contrary, I showed no such thing. I was sitting calmly, waiting for his next words.

"You come to my place and call me coward? Today, I will set an example to everyone here just why people call me vicious monster." He roared again and walked to me in large steps.

Just as he was about to reach me, I spoke lazily, "Coming to kill a weak woman, if not coward, what are you?"

His steps suddenly halted but the malicious glare from before intensified several folds. "This is not hiding, this is our safe den." I almost laughed at his explanation but however, I'm happy because he took the bait.

Ah, that's true." I nodded thoughtfully showing them how I understand their situation very well. "Criminals like you all cannot live freely with your heads held high. No wonder you have a safe den under the ground." I said as I looked around the hall.

"This place looks so poor. I feel so sorry for you people. To keep living at such a place, I don't know how you all are keeping up with this." I shook my head and let out a sad sigh.

All the while, the leader and his outlaws who were angry just stared down at me quietly yet angrily. My crew, on the other side, looked at me as if I lost my mind.

A few moments later, when I did not hear anything from the leader, I took the opportunity and continued to speak. "The spoils you earn isn't much, is it?" The silence that followed answered my question.

The leader, however, straightened up and glared down at me very suspiciously.

"Who are you?" Just three words from him and I know I reached my goal.

"Before that, I want to know something first." Seeing his inquisitive look, I smiled and proceeded to speak again. "Are you going to spend your whole life living like this or do you still want a better opportunity to live."

"Interesting." Like a chameleon, the whole demeanor of the leader changed. He was now very much laid back and open to talk terms with me. "I see you came here with a plan of your own. Let's hear it then."

With a smile of triumph, I leaned back and looked into leader's eyes with conviction. "This is why I appreciate smart people. What would you say if I give your gang the authority to collect entry fees to enter into Oudad region? Of the collected money, I get sixty percent and you can keep forty percent."

When I saw the stunned look on everyone, including my crew, my smile widened and gave them a proper deal.

"For that, I shall give you legal permission."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Is the plot of the story too predictable?

Acacia actually has a plan for the outlaw team!

Why would she offer such a deal to a criminal gang?

What is she thinking when she made up her mind to recruit a gang for the job?

Will the leader of the gang accept the deal?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 43
**Tzalmon Point of View**

What is this lass meaning to do?

She -

Freaking heavens!

It's good that my invisible ability is on the top and no one can detect my aura or else if one had to look at me right now, they might as well go into seizers.

Although her actions and her words caused a rage of disbelief in me, they also caused huge amount of confusion and anger too.

Anger because she lost her mind and went to make a deal with an outlaw?

Outlaws are criminals who doesn't give a fig about neither rules nor sentiments. For her to try and strike a deal with a group of powerful bandits, it's -

"Majesty, am I seeing this wrong?" For the first time ever did I see such profound astonishment of Gyles face. "What is Lady meaning to achieve at all?"

"Who are you to give us legal authority? A woman who should look after the matters of household, you come here to give us authority? Is that devil emperor of our kingdom dead?" The gang leader, who was angered until now, spoke in a ridiculed tone.

What was unbelievable was he dare to insult me! I don't know if he stupid or he just doesn't have any wish live anymore.

I was so angered by the disrespect that a large amount of energy was about to break out of me and cause all those bandits die a painful death.

If it wasn't for Eblilis who chuckled softly in response and caused me to divert my attention towards her, I would've as well unleashed my power.

Following, she took out the token I gave her and placed it on the table before her. Seeing this, the leader narrowed his eyes and reluctantly, he stood up and walked down towards Eblilis.

With hesitant quiver, he took the token from the table and started to look at it. "This is -" He stuttered after a few moments of examining the token.

"That's the authority I have here. I'm Oudad's Lord from hereafter and that token shall serve as my identity." She spoke calmly, letting the leader examine the token as much as he wants.

Hearing her, the gang of outlaws rushed towards the leader to get hold of the token and look at it themselves.

This - what kind of situation is this?

I looked at her with scorching gaze that is not filled with desire but with rage and perplexing. I thought she would just stay at the castle and be a good mother and a mistress of the household. Seeing how she is taking things here, seems like she has some designs of her own in her mind.

"I heard your sidekick say that your gang is the most powerful here and many are scared of you. With such power, why hide under the name of an outlaw when you can have consistent flow of riches and blanket of law to cover you. Do think carefully." Eblilis spoke and gave them few moments of time to react.

A few breathes later, the outlaw leader put down the token and went back to her chair to sit. Once the other members of his gang are settled as well, he rubbed his chin and looked at Eblilis thoughtfully.

"Ey, lass, a woman to be the lord, I can still believe but what is in it for you to reach out a gang of criminals like us with such a deal?"

"As I thought, you really are smart." Eblilis smiled and this was about close to dozen times she smiled today.

When she was with me, all I can see is hate and anger but today, she is actually smiling at a cruel bandit who can kill her with a snap of finger.

Unbelievable!

"You see, I'm proposing a win - win offer for you. I'm new to this place and have quite low knowledge about how things go around here. For me to manage Oudad province, isn't it better for me to have allies of my own?"

"But we are bandits. Villains and devils!"

"So what? A loyal bandit, a loyal villains or a loyal devil is worth more than a dishonest gentleman. I have plans for Oudad and to achieve them, I need your support. While achieving them, you will be the one who shall profit more. Working together, if you be my subordinates and be loyal to your job, not only can you live with pride but you can earn a lot."

"Your subordinates? You seem to not acknowledge our influence." The leader, in no way, spoke in mockery. On contrary, his words sounded like he actually considering the offer and digging a little more.

"Mister, strength without position is as much fruitless as position without strength. So what you are powerful, your power could not even give you a better life and better opportunity. All I ask is for your loyalty and to follow the basic rules I'll be setting rather than plundering people. Don't you think you are on an advantageous edge than I am?"

"You trust us to be loyal to you in future?"

"Absolutely not. But I do not know until I give it a try. Once I place my trust and you stand strong on it, you will benefit; if you break my trust, then it will be life worse than death. You can choose." Her words caused the whole gang to fall in their own thoughts.

Honestly, even I and my people around her were stumped by her declaration as well. For others, she might look like she is benefiting people and controlling the villains. She might look very magnanimous and kind but I can tell how foxy she is.

Smart and cunning!

I don't know what she is planning but I can tell she is thinking to bring a huge change.

"I'm called Hildir Tola, Milady. Stay here for a few days and enjoy good meat and ale before leaving." The leader, Hildir, stood up and introduced himself with a grin.

Eblilis smile widened and nodded in acknowledgement. "I'm Acacia, you can call me Lady Acacia. I will have my commander here, Eelk to provide a seal of command to you. Once I get to the capital and handle initial matters there, I shall have someone send a note over and you can start acting on your duties. Remember, you can only receive the set cost of entrance charge, of which sixty percent belong to me while forty to you. Good?"

Hildir showed off his yellow teeth while he nodded enthusiastically, "The black cobra gang is under Lady Acacia and shall act as boarder authority of Oudad province." He accepted with a slight bow of agreement.

He did not bend or kneel to completely surrender but seems like that did not mattered much to Eblilis. She only but nodded and followed them to the rooms arranged for her stay.

Eelk walked into the room first and checked everything before Eblilis and her maidservants entered. Hildir left with his men after showing the rooms to give them time to rest well.

"Gyles, follow them. I want every small detail of their action here forth." Gyles nodded and followed the outlaws group in his invisible form.

I, in my invisible form as well, followed Eblilis into her room and chose a quite shady corner to settle myself.

It was small room with only a small bed and a pitcher of water on the small table. Other than that, there was sort of comfort available but looking at her, Eblilis is not being fussy at all.

Setting Igses on the middle of the bed, she plopped beside him with a loud groan. "Goodness, it feels so good to lie down."

"Milady," Eelk called out knocking the door. Circe opened the door after receiving a nod from Eblilis while the later sat up from the bed.

Eelk strode inside stood silently before her to which Eblilis raised her brow in question. "If you have something say then just say."

"That, Milady." He hesitated.

"You want to ask me about my deal with the gang?" She smiled knowingly.

"I don't get why you did that, Milady."

"Isn't that clear? I'm assuming the position of rightful Lord of the province." She shrugged casually causing Eelk to narrow his eyes at her.

Everyone could easily tell that she is planning something.

Being rightful Lord of the province? Is that really so?

"I see." Eelk nodded, however, one can easily tell he wants to know what is she planning to do. Heck, even I want to know.

A woman, wants to be the Lord of a province? How is it even possible?

No matter how smart she is, she is just not - capable enough!

A woman is not capable of such a task.

"But how did you know that the gang would accept your deal?" He asked after thinking for a while.

"Is there a reason not to? For someone who only knows the taste of porridge, if I offer constant supply of meat, who wouldn't accept?" Eelk nodded.

"Anyway, I need you to make a command seat and give Hildir. Also, I have some other task for you." She continued. When Eelk nodded obediently eagerly waited for her orders, I got interested in what else this woman has in mind.

"Before we leave this place, I want the rumors about how many gangs are getting into alliance to go against the black cobra gang and annihilate them to fill the ears of the gang."

Say what now?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

What is Acacia planning by taking a bandit gang under her wing?

What do you think about her negotiation skills of the deal?

Tzalmon thinks a woman is not capable of anything. What do you think?

Do you all think Acacia will fail in what she is planning?

Will Acacia not be able to control and manage Oudad?

Why the hell does she wants such rumors to be spread?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 44
**Acacia Point of View**

"Your prediction was accurate, Milady. I had done everything you ordered me to do." Eelk brimmed with such high voltage smile that for a moment, I was completely stumped.

These people, they know how to smile?

This is the first time I've seen someone smile after these chickens revived. Heck, even when I went to the market street in the capital, I never saw someone smile more than one inch wide.

Initially, I thought these people are descendents of zombies who cannot change their facial expressions at all.

"You are truly the most intelligent lady I've ever met, Milady. I cannot believe you even sketched out a plan to such extent just to make the black cobra gang submit themselves completely and offer their absolute loyalty to you." Eelk continued to beam like a lighthouse.

I only smiled slightly giving him a shrug. "What is the situation right now?" I asked remembering how he rushed to me like a bullet in a hurry to inform me something.

"Right, I totally forgot. Milady, as per your orders, after black cobra gang heard about their numerous rival gangs coming together to wipe them away, I made certain those gangs who are really against the black cobra hear about how black cobra was going to have an official status in Oudad."

"Hmm." I smiled. Well, most part of the plan has been executed. Now all we have to do is to wait for the climax.

"What are your next orders, Milady?" Eelk asked, seemingly in hurry.

"If I'm not wrong, then the opposition gangs has declared war on the black cobra. Are they here for a fight yet?" For a moment, Eelk froze as if he was electrified.

"How. How do you know?" The flow of surprise was very clear in his voice.

These people, they truly underestimate a woman's brain.

"Of course I know. I made the plan; won't I know the elements of it? Hurry put up a - yeah, those energy shields you use. Put up one of those shields around this room. Now, we don't want to be the part of miscellaneous damages, right?" I waved, rushing him to put one of those invisible shields.

In the past few days of our journey, I've seen these people use a kind of energy from their body, coupled with some chants; they made invisible shields for protection. I guess it was some kind of sorcery that is specially used by this particular race.

However, those shields were indeed very strong and safe. If my guess is not wrong, with one such protective shield, even a tornado cannot pass inside.

"Miscellaneous damages, Milady, you mean -"

"Now, don't waste any time. Put up the shield and better stay within the protected area. Hurry, I'll explain once you are done with the task."

Without another second of delay, Eelk, along with his crew of guards, laid a huge barrier around the few rooms we are currently staying at.

With their power, it hardly took twenty minutes to put up a very strong barrier.

Just as the barrier was in place, before Eelk could continue with his questions, loud voices of battle cries were heard and in just a minute later, sounds of fighting was heard from above. The fact that we are currently in an underground establishment meant we are prone to get the burn of some damages if not careful.

"It's good that the barrier was in place just in time." I sighed in appreciation. Taking my son into my arms, I walked to the small couch in the room and sat down as I relaxed for a bit.

The sounds of fighting, clashing of metals, burst of different energies, screams of pain, everything intensified as time went by and it has only been fifteen minutes until the battle started.

I didn't have to be there to know what conversation the two sides had. One party knows the secret of black cobra ascending into bureaucrats from being bandits for several centuries. The other party knows that their enemies teamed up to take away their chance in better life.

If black cobra to really become a law abiding team with an official rank, wouldn't their enemies and rival gangs have an early death day?

"Shouldn't we not help the black cobra gang?" Eelk asked in apprehension.

"No, it's not the time yet. Mister Eelk, you are a commander of imperial security, don't tell me you don't understand what is going on." I exclaimed.

Right now, I'm seriously stunned! Isn't he a commander of security? For an army commander, understanding this little bit of strategy is -

The other guards glanced at Eelk for explanation but Eelk himself was scratching his head in order to put all the pieces of puzzle together.

A few moments later, a glint of enlightenment passed in his eyes and stared at me in utter shock.

Ah, seems like he got the most of it.

"Then I shall wait for the right time." He provided with a smile.

An hour later, just like I predicted, someone from the black cobra gang rushed to us in a disheveled state, clothes torn with blood marks on it and several bruises on the body.

Due to the force of his run, when he saw us, he had to fall down on his knees to stop himself from crashing into us.

I gave him a worried look and asked anxiously, "You, aren't one of the gang? Why are you in this state?"

"Milady, help. Help!" He panted.

"Eelk, what is happening? Tell me now at least." I looked at Eelk pleadingly, blinking my innocent eyes. Giving one more glance at the injured person, I asked Eelk again, "Is this why you set up a barrier here? Is something dangerous going on here?"

Everyone, except for the injured bandit, gaped at me shell shocked. Even Circe and the other maidservants who are usually so calm and quite has this disbelief covered on their faces.

These people, do they have to be this shocked? Shouldn't they act accordingly?

Turning back to Eelk, I narrowed my eyes and him and pressed my lips tight in anger as I blinked at him to get him out of his trance.

Thankfully, he is not totally dumb and recovered soon. "That, Milady, some foe gangs have teamed and attacked the black cobra gang. The gang is now under attack. I apologize for not informing you earlier but understand my position, your grace. My foremost duty is to protect you and the young Lord."

"What?" I bellowed and turned back to the injured gang member. "Is he telling the truth?"

"Aid us, Milady. Show us mercy." He begged me.

"How come there is an ambush out of blue with no rhyme and reason? Aren't you the most powerful gang here?" I played my part well causing those around me to give me a look of astonishment.

"About that, those f**kers got some of their most powerful members and teamed up." He narrated hurriedly.

"Alright, calm down." I replied back anxiously and turned to Eelk, giving him a glare. "Commander Eelk, why are you still here and not helping the black cobra gang?"

Eelk seemed to be completely perturbed, must be thinking how to play along and reply accordingly. A moment of silence later, he hesitantly looked between me and the injured bandit.

"How can I, Milady? Protecting you is my utmost priority. What if something happens to you?" Well done, Eelk.

"Isn't there a strong protection barrier around? Why did you not leave to settle this matter? The black cobra gang is one of our people; if we don't stand with them then who would? You disappointed me, Eelk." I shook my head, blowing out breath of disappointment from my mouth.

"But Milady, your safety -" He stood on his point firmly.

"I am safe with just a few guards and the barrier. I need not tell you the value of loyalty, do I? When we are expecting them to be faithful to us, support us, then we should reciprocate the same. That is the law of true association. Now, hurry and save them. Teach the other party a good lesson so in future, they would not dare to repeat the same again." I burst out in anger and waved my hand to get out immediately.

While Eelk and the others are still frozen by my sudden change in the character, the injured bandit almost grovel down on his face with extreme gratitude.

"Thanks Milady. We shall remember this." I asked him to get up and go help his gang to win the battle and assured him that Eelk shall save his gang from the villains.

Eelk got back into the reality. Leaving behind two dozen of guards for my protection, he along with fifteen guards; strode out to the battle ground to save the black cobra gang.

With one more subservient bow, the injured man too rushed behind Eelk to the battle ground.

And just like that, taking the black cobra gang under my wing is completely established.

The first step in gaining strength to go against the Jerk is now in place.

Slowly, step by step, I will pay back every debt I owed him!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Acacia actually had a diabolic plan to gain the complete loyalty of the black cobra gang. Your views?

Isn't Acacia really clever?

Will Acacia plan on making Oudad her strength to go against Tzalmon work?

Eelk and the others who had no opinion on a smart woman is now flustered by their superior.

Will Eelk become her trustworthy subordinate?

What will Tzalmon do when he comes to know of Acacia's plan to stomp on him?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 45
**Tzalmon Point of View**

My lips curved upwards slightly as I watched Eblilis creating the play. I must say, her strategy was simple yet effective.

Not to mention, she made everything seems so natural that no one can point it out that she is the one who created the whole chaos.

With one battle she got both, people and their loyalty.

I know she has an ambition, however, what it is I'm still unaware of it.

These days, I've left the official matters of the kingdom to my trusted aid and followed Eblilis and my son in my invisible form just to make sure they get to their destination without any accident.

There are several who are greatly powered and can wreck havoc with a snap of fingers. Although she has the pendent that covers her human characteristic and gives of a scent of normal Dr'helellis person, she is still a human with no strength to defend herself.

However, it was good I followed suit or else I wouldn't have know that this woman has a passable brain.

Normally, women are supposed to look after the internal affairs of a household and their upmost priority is to look after their man and offspring. They are to take care of their body so they could please men.

Women are born with natural deficiency in brain activities. Looking at how Eblilis was handling the matter, I seem to understand why she wants to go on a long road journey.

She was a little smart; still, she is just a human woman.

"She is wicked. Refreshing." I mumbled to myself as I followed the group.

Eblilis and her crew has settled the black cobra gang matter a day ago and resumed their journey towards their initial destination.

Of course, the battle was won by the black cobra gang with the help of Eelk and his team. By the end of it, Hildir, the leader of the gang was too overwhelmed by support that the whole gang vowed their absolute devotion unanimously.

This time, it was sincere.

After getting what she wanted, she decided to resume their trip the next morning. All along the quite carriage trip, she closed her eyes and every now and then smile to herself.

Devil knows what is going on in her brain!

On the way to Oudad capital city, she made deals with few more gangs and influential families in similar way of plotting against them and helping them in the last moment like a kind hearted goddess.

Oudad, although is a huge province, the territory hold lesser residents than any other province. The reasons being; one, it is more like a tourist spot but bordered with several mountains, making hard to get in and out of region.

Two, Oudad has highest number of outlaws. Although they do not go blindly after regular citizens, they are still vicious and overboard.

Three, several local families moved to other regions all because Oudad was always filled with tourists, even from other kingdoms. Many accidents take place most of the time when several powerful clans people assemble in one place.

It is not like I cannot control it; being the topmost must visit place of two hundred realms, these vicious outlaws are right people to put the tourists in their limits and because of this fear, no matter from what race and what kingdom they come from, they don't blindly do as they please.

Now, seeing how Eblilis has been taking charge of these outlaws and influential families, no doubt a change is ought to occur soon.

"Majesty, they should be reaching Oudad capital city, Oriamont, by early hours of evening. How do you wish me to proceed?" Gyles voiced out politely.

These few days, Gyles was much more polite when he was looking at Eblilis. There was no doubt that he was a little apprehensive about his future queen after seeing how she can play out scenes as she wished.

I can tell that he no longer has the previous chunk of disdain towards her and was more respectful towards her; might it be because of her recent adventures or because he was a little scared of being manipulated by her in the same manner.

"Hmm, what happened to the matter regarding Zoxade stone?"

"The Zoxade stone is buried in the backyard lawn of the castle. With your barrier shield, the power of the stone will be activated and they - those scums will never be able to creep inside." There was so much despise when he spoke about 'those scums'.

Rightly so, he should. So do I!

"But Majesty, the curse now been lifted and that lot of scums would still need time to recover their past strength. If they were wise, they wouldn't walk into tiger's den with a rabbit might." I gritted my teeth and produced a deep scowl.

Those scums... I need to wipe away their existence as soon as possible. Otherwise Eblilis -

"They could be many things but wise, they never were. The moment the curse was lifted, I'm certain several of them already entered the kingdom as spies. One of the reasons Acacia is sent to Oudad was that with so many foreigners in the kingdom, she would not gain much attention. Alas, whoever thought that she would go around making alliances and put herself in the centre of attention?"

"Majesty is right in driving her away from the capital city. She would be found out easily if she were to stay with you. Oudad is indeed a better place for her for now."

Acacia Dawn Winters is the most important person for the kingdom and she shouldn't be compromised no matter what.

She should not get into their hold. Never.

"Did you receive information from our spies?" I growled out lowly. Just a mere thought of those scums makes my blood boil.

"Only from the spies sent to the limitation grounds of their territory. Apparently, there was a rumor that a ritual shall be held soon to achieve their previous positioning back."

"A ritual, you say?"

"Yes, Your Majesty. However, there is no such ritual that we know off. Even the ancient records never showed any such ritual. I wonder where they got such custom from." Although Gyles doesn't know the source, I do.

There is indeed no such ritual but in centuries of being bound by the curse, they sure did not pass the time as pitiful prisoners. The ritual he was talking about is something they had come up with after studying for a centuries.

If my guess is right, then Eblilis is the key for the ritual to be successful!

After all, she didn't lift the curse of my kingdom but theirs too.

Both the races are interlinked and Eblilis is the common platform for everyone. Eblilis should not be taken away by them.

"Inform commander Eelk to prepare a dozen more guards around Eblilis and the young prince. The duo should be their top priority and should be vigilant like a hawk. Speaking of hawk, Azar has been back for some time. Send him to Acacia's side again." Nodding back, Gyles took the command and went off to do the task.

While Gyles went off to take charge of my orders, I followed Eblilis into Oriamont city. The carriage and the security moved towards the high plains of the city where a new castle was built for Eblilis and Igses.

The city is bustling with local and foreign citizens as usual. Several merchants were crying out the deals of the day loudly to attract the customers while the latter bought them with gold and silver coins.

The carriage slowly crossed the busy lanes and travelled to the high plains of the resident area. I noticed a smile on Eblilis face as she took in the view of the city.

She was easily attracted to many things and can tell she wanted buy many, especially jewelry and clothes.

The carriage moved towards the palace without a hindrance. Although the parade of new faces attracted the crowd, nothing seemed out of place to them.

The scenery slowly turned to a much quieter and pleasant one. Crossing the small hill, at the back of it stood a majestic palace built according to Eblilis' model.

The time when I administered the construction, I was absolutely amazed by the whole structure of palace. According to the blueprint and her instructions, the palace turned out so scenic that just one look at it and you will fall in love with it.

It seems like Eblilis loves plants that she asked for a vast garden area with a batch of cherry blossoms and other floral trees.

The carriage took a turn and entered the runway and soon stopped in front of the entrance door. The servants I arranged already stood at the entrance in an orderly manner and welcomed Eblilis and Igses heartily.

Circe got out of the carriage first followed by other maidservants. Eblilis with Igses in her arms got down in the last and a huge smile was dug on her lips as she looked around excitedly.

"We welcome Milady to the Treasure Palace."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Who are those scums that Tzalmon is so worried about?

Why is Acacia involved in lifting the curse of those scum race too?

Acacia finally reached her Treasure palace while making alliances on her way. What is her next step?

Azar, the hawk is back? When will he return to Acacia's side and on what identity?

Acacia's actions pleasantly surprised both Tzalmon and Gyles. Your views?

Will Acacia achieve her goal?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 46
**Acacia Point of View**

Tall, magnificent and an utterly beautiful palace stood before me.

I was so proud of my first ever complete architectural establishment that if my hands were free, I would've patted my back until next day.

A blissful fusion of ancient and modern elements!

I nearly couldn't hold back my tears when I looked at how my model turned out to be. This is something I've always wished for. I've been learning and practicing like a crazy to pass out from the university with flying colors and establish my own firm.

Building things has always been my passion; a passion that could give my life for. I've assisted my guiding professor and the dean of my department in few of their projects. Only assisted them but never did I get an opportunity to put my ideas on paper later into actions.

Now that my own design, my ideas and my hard work is standing right before me with such splendor, I'm pleasantly speechless.

If only this was the world I came from, this success would be considered a huge break for my career.

Treasure Palace...

A palace where I earn and swim in riches, all the while piling up influence stone by stone.

With a small smile, I nodded to the parade of servants standing in an organized manner with their heads slightly tipped low in an absolutely respectful posture.

"Milady, I'm Leto, the head housekeeper of the palace appointed by His Majesty himself. I'm now under your command to serve and take care of you and young prince." Leto, a woman in late sixties, introduced herself in a composed manner.

One look at her and I can tell Leto is not really a simple character. I don't get an evil vibe from her but yes, she has this mysterious air around her.

I nodded smilingly as she continued to introduce other servants and the butler, whose name is the plural version of the head housekeeper's name; Letos. Apparently, Letos and Leto is a married couple with five sons, all working under the jerk in different ministries.

Contrary to the mysterious air Leto gave off, her husband Letos was a very sunny type man who keeps talking a lot and cracking old-ish jokes which are not funny at all. But the manner he cracks a joke and laughs about it alone was entertaining and lively though.

"You might already know who me. I'm Acacia Dawn Winters and this is my son, Igses. I shall be taking up the position of the Lord of Oudad province from here forth and appreciate your help along the way." Once all the staff was introduced, I gave them my introduction in a humble manner to create an amiable atmosphere.

"We once again welcome Lady Acacia to treasure palace. I shall show you to the master bedchamber and soon dinner will be served." Leto led me to the master bedchamber, which according to my plan, should be on the fifth story.

The palace is summed up to six stories. Since this is for my own living, I changed a few details of the blueprint in the last minute. So, all the rooms in all the wings of the first story is turned in to office. All the rooms are converted into offices as I intend to earn a lot of wealth for which I need my own business firm.

I need to request Eelk to place one of his strong mazes on the first floor so no one from the first floor can go to second story and above.

The second floor is full of banquet halls and ball rooms along with large meeting rooms, these rooms can stuff hundreds of people inside and can still be considered to have a lot of free space.

The third story is equipped with guest rooms. In the beginning, I thought forty seven rooms turned into guest rooms should be a little waste but later on I realized I would be needing them when I conduct my business and politics in my territory.

The fourth story and one of the main important floor has only one grand hall which is turned into library. I previously asked for the English translation of all the books available in this kingdom and Jerk has promised to do so. On that consideration, a complete floor converted into one library is nothing big.

The fifth story has four rooms only. One is my bedroom; the second is Igses bedroom, third will be my workshop and the study room and fourth is a playroom for Igses.

The sixth and the main important floor has several room but all are locked and only I have the keys to them. The whole sixth floor is used as storage and safekeeping of important documents, other important stuff and mainly my wealth.

In short, I have my own bank over my head. Although I don't have much money on my hand right now, in future I plan to fill my personal bank with suffocating amount of riches.

Also, there are two underground floors which I specifically asked for. Although I don't have a concrete plan to use them now, but who knows when and in what way I might find reason to use them.

It's always better to be prepared. And that is the reasons there are several secret exit tunnels covered up in this palace which only I and unfortunately the Jerk knows.

"The kitchen and the dining hall is in the back wing of the palace, Milady. Would you like to have the dinner here or in the dining hall?" Leto asked once we reached my bedchamber.

We stood by the door and did not enter yet but there are two maidservants standing by the door and waiting for my orders.

"Bring the dinner to my room for tonight. I shall take a bath first before eating so prepare a hot bath for me and Igses. Circe knows what you need to prepare for the bath so you can ask her."

Seeing Leto give me a nod of understanding, I turned around and slowly stepped inside my bedroom. The room was huge and the interior décor was just like how I wanted.

The room and the stuff inside are all in the combination of two colors, Violet and gold. It was not blindingly done, the combination and the shades were applied mild and skillfully that it gave off a very peaceful feeling to eyes.

"Look, little man, is the room pretty?" I asked Igses when I noticed he is awake now.

Igses looked around the room with his curious eyes and hummed in breaks as usual. He hummed and babbled loudly with a smile means he likes it.

"Tomorrow, Mamma will show you your bedroom and your playroom, alright? Now let's take a bath, hmm, your little body stinks from all the nonstop traveling." As if he understood my words perfectly, his smile turned into a big pout.

Seriously, that one pouty look caused me into bouts of laughter. This kid really knows his stuff!

"Ah, alright, Mamma stinks the same as you. You happy now?" I narrowed my eyes at him but still with a grin. His pout changed into a smile then into a cackle as he waved his hands and legs in air quite enthusiastically.

While I was having a small family time conversation with my son, the servants prepared the bath in less then ten minutes. I don't know how they arranged hot water in just ten minutes but knowing these people are supernatural chickens, I guess they pulled some magic strings.

Circe walked into the bathroom behind me with a small bathtub in her hands. It was a bathtub I made for Igses a few days ago. With the help of Circe, I bathed Igses first and once he was taken out by Circe, I took a long hot bath.

Leto, along with few maids, personally brought dinner to my room. By the time dinner arrived, Igses was dressed and was playing by himself on my bed beside me. He was humming something looking at me as if he was having a normal day to day chat with me.

On seeing my son humming loudly and playing, Leto's indifferent face cracked with a small smile. If I did not see it, I would've missed such a wondrous thing.

Indeed! A mother is a mother; no matter who kid it was.

"Mrs. Leto, what is the status with the books in library downstairs?" I asked Leto to take a seat on the couch while I have my dinner and also have a small chat with her.

She stood straight and did not move to sit. "I'm not a stuck up, spoilt person so don't worry and take a seat. I'm telling you to sit then what is there to hesitate about?" And she sat on the small spare couch in the room while I sat on the huge one.

"As per Sir Gyles words, three tenth of the books are now translated and arranged in the library, Milady. The remaining books shall come in slowly." I nodded.

"Also, Milady, we received a message from Sir Gyles that Sir Azar will be here by the noon tomorrow and shall be at your beck and call." Leto continued and what she said startled me a little.

Sir Azar? Azar?

Isn't this the name I'm too familiar with?

Right, what happened to the hawk after the day these people appeared?

Is this the same -

Nah, didn't she say it was Sir Azar? Who addresses a bird with a 'Sir' tag?

It can't be the same - right?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

When you see your hard work taking a shape one day, how happy will you be? Your views on Acacia's unfathomable joy at her first architectural success.

Like Acacia, do you all have a dream house too? If so, share what it is here.

Who likes the small and simple interaction between Acacia and Igses? Isn't Igses a complete Mamma's boy?

Your views on the structure of castle? Acacia has a huge floor dedicated to store her future wealth. Is she overly confident or she really has some plans for it?

She like wealth, doesn't she? But then, who doesn't like money? In her situation, it is rather a necessary than luxury. Agree?

Azar? Is it the hawk Azar or a different Azar with the same name?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 47
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"Your Majesty, centuries has gone and the issue with those scums still poses a huge problem. We need to get rid of them as soon as possible."

"I agree, Your Majesty. They are in their weak phase right now. Striking now will be perfect time."

The assembly of my ministers and commanders spoke while I sat on my throne grimly. I know how much they wanted the lot of scums to be gone once and for all. After all, they are partly the reason for the curse put on us.

My will to wipe them away from the face of existence is much stronger than anyone else's. Not only the kingdom, I also have Eblilis and Igses on line here. If I don't settle the score, I will lose everything I worked so hard for.

Noticing I was very quiet and posed a scowl, the discussion paused for awhile as they wait for me to speak. Once I was clear everyone has said their statements, I looked at everyone thoughtfully.

"Gyles, send second level commanders and few guards to scout the border cities of the kingdom. No one without our kingdom's identity token shall be accepted into the country. The authenticity of the identity tokens should be checked well." I commanded and dismissed the assembly.

Cutting off the assembly in the middle was met by several curious whispers but not delving into it, I soon disappeared and appeared right inside the secret cave.

This cave was deep into the woods on the forbidden lands that none dare to enter. Only a very few knows about this place and was protected with several layers of mazes.

Inside the cave, in front of me was a huge table which was filled with several opened books. I picked up the book I was reading recently and scanned it over again.

No matter how many of these damned books I read, there was no information about the ritual that the other party was going to perform.

Out of frustration, I punched the rock wall behind me leaving a wide crack on it. Even after looking through all the books regarding their scum lot, I haven't found anything regarding the said ritual.

Although they have improvised and developed a lot over these past centuries, the things like rituals always come from some base customs. Without a base, a ritual as such cannot be formed.

"Greetings, Your Majesty." Gyles and my secret guard, Edus, appeared before me and greeted me with a bow.

While Gyles is my army general and the person who is seen with me often, Edus is my secret guard who works from shadows. No one knows the existence of Edus except for Gyles.

Both these men are who I trust the most and with them on the field, the task gives out a positive result.

"Edus, where has your investigation come to?" With my hands behind, I stood in an intimidating pose as I looked at Edus grimly.

"Your guess was right, Your Majesty. There are indeed several people from the other side staying in our kingdom as we speak. I could only confirm this as those spies were mixed well in our country, I could not pick them out yet. But one thing is for certain, Majesty; one of their main reasons was Lady Acacia and young Prince Igses."

Of course!

"Of course, Lady Acacia and the young prince are main elements of the ritual. They are as important to them as to us."Gyles spoke out the exact thoughts I was having.

"Edus, the bordering cities shall be under strict surveillance; keep an eye on officials and report me back if there was someone suspicious."

"As you command, Your Majesty."

"Gyles, while the ministries bang their heads over the border security, let's go visit banished lands in the southern deserts. The main perpetrator might have all the answers we need."

"Banished lands? But that person - why not I handle this matter alone, Your Majesty?" Gyles gasped and spoke hurriedly.

I know the mere thought of meeting that person on the banished lands can be terrifying. After all, that person can put a devil to shame with such cruelty.

"You think that person would speak if you ask? No one knows that person as well as I does. With the right kind of persuasion, we might find a clue." The more I think about that person. The more my blood boiled in fury.

If there was one thing I despise the most, then it was that person who is the reason for my kingdom to put be put under curse for centuries.

"Understood, Majesty." Gyles nodded as he wiped sweat from his forehead. His eyes shook in terror and for one, I know how much terror that person has created in my people.

"Edus, cover our tracks while we go to banished lands. No one should know about my appearance in southern deserts." Those who secretly allied with those scums might take this as an advantage to get to that person first.

I never trusted my assembly of officials completely and I know there are a few who are working for the other side under the guise of my country title.

Over these past centuries, many things have changes and to put everything back to how it should be, there is no doubt there will be a lot of bloodshed.

War, fighting and bloodshed is something that excited me to no end. However, now the case is different. With Eblilis and Igses in picture, things should be sort out with precision or else both of them will be in grave danger.

A few days later, along with Gyles, I teleported to confinement cells in the banished lands. The confinement cells in the banished lands is the place where the most notorious and dangerous prisoners are locked up in.

This place is everyone's worst nightmare. With no magical power in the dry hot deserts is already a hell; added to the torture decreed by monarch; it proves to be worse than a hell.

My feet slipped inside the dry hot sand as I walked on it. Stopping in the middle of the desert, I snapped my fingers and a portal opened which will lead to the other side.

I and Gyles stepped into the other side and stood before rows of towers. Each towers holds one prisoner and every tower was customized according to the crimes and punishment of the prisoner.

Stepping forward, we walked to the grey tower surrounded by rings of strong confinement magic around it. Snapping my fingers, the shield immediately allowed me and Gyles inside its boundaries.

With one push, the door to the tower opened and a dark interior came into view. There was no light inside but the presence of that person can be felt.

Gyles waved his hand and bright light came into the tower followed by an amused chuckle. "Poor boy, you must be afraid of dark after spending centuries under a curse." The tone, although was filled with mockery and hate, the voice was weak and pained.

My hands balled into fists when the familiar voice struck in ears. Just the feeling of him around me makes me want to torture him with my own hands.

"I see you are still alive." I glanced at the man who was chained with special chains in the middle of the tower.

He looks so much older than the previous time I saw him. His grey hair and bread grew and turned white. His eyes although dull, did not lose even a pinch of cruelty in them.

Although there was no scar on his body, the damage that was done on his soul was greater.

"Why, you know I cannot be killed so easily. Now what do I owe with your esteemed presence?" A small smirk snaked on his lips. "Nay, the curse was now lifted and you are here for me soon after!" He trailed off.

He knew something. I'm now completely certain that he knew what was going on. Although not the complete details but the basic events must've been already predicted by him.

"What can I say, you are after all an important presence in the kingdom. I plan on taking care of those scums in their lowest phase, how can I not come to give you the good news." My words were soon countered with loud laughter.

His evil laughter!

"Oh dear boy, you are still the same ignorant boy from before. They shall soon raise to power. The lowest they are now, the powerful they become later." And it is confirmed that the said ritual was indeed true and moreover it makes them much more powerful than before.

I gritted my teeth in anger at the thought of Eblilis and Igses being used by them to rise into power.

"But do not worry though, you will not be killed after they rise into power. How can I bear to kill you? After all -"

"Even after everything, you are still my son!"

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Tzalmon is out to annihilate the clan of his rivals. But is it that easy?

Why is Acacia and Igses that important to both the parties?

With the rival side get a hold on Acacia and Igses first?

The person who caused the curse was Tzalmon's father?

What did he do that the whole kingdom was put under curse?

What is the main perpetrator seemed to be allied witht he rival clan?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 48
**Acacia Point of View**

My eyes turned into slits as I carefully observed the man standing upright before me. For nearly ten minutes, I closely studied him silently and he just stood before me without any complaint.

Nah, there is no similarities between them whatsoever.

Is this man really -

"So you are Sir Azar that was sent here to be my assistant." He nodded briefly. "Is this the first time we are meeting?"

This man, although looked quite mature, I know for a fact that he can't be older than seventeen years old. However stony he may look but the youthful teenage charm is still there.

And the vibe he gives off - it's familiar.

"Absolutely Milady." He confidently affirmed.

Oh really?

My lips pressed into thin line and a scowl took over the curious creases. "You are not needed here, Sir Azar. You may leave now."

Sir Azar blinked a couple of times as if he could not believe what he heard. He opened his mouth a little in an attempt to ask something but held back for a second.

"But Milady, I'm here on His Royal Highness command to act as your deputy and support you with handling the political matters of the province."

"First, I do not need help from you to handle regional matters. Two, I rather choose a incapable man than a dishonest person so no, I will not accept your services here since you are not loyal to me."

With sternness, I declared firmly because I indeed believe that changing an incapable person to a better one is worthwhile than putting my hope on a dishonest capable person.

No matter how capable he is, a dishonest person is always like a dagger hovering over the neck.

Sir Azar's eyes widened a little but he soon covered it up with a blank indifference again. "I apologize, Milady, I was wrong. I could not tell you because I was unable to protect you before." He slightly bowed.

Looking at him from head to toe, I leaned back and scratched my chin in contemplation. This man serves the Jerk as master and I'm only the person whom his master sent to help.

In that case, he will not fully under my command like I wanted.

"Why were a hawk then and why are you in a human form now?" I want to know why he was able to appear before me when there was a curse and not even that powerful jerk couldn't appear until Igses was born.

"I was destined to be your chief protector, Milady. The curse was partly lifted for me when you conceived young prince and that was the reason why I could only appear in a hawk form."

Ah, so that's the case. If so then shouldn't he be completely and absolutely under my sole command?

"Where were you all these months?" He looked startled and a little hesitant by what I asked.

"I had other official matters to settle before I go back to follow you, Milady. Rest assured, you are where my loyalty stands."

I don't really feel so!

He might be destined to be my protector but he is not fully under my command. Heck, even a blind can sense he is not one hundred percent a subordinate to me.

"Azar, other things I do believe what you said but do not take me for a fool. Look at you; do you think I or anyone would believe that your complete loyalty stands with me? You know what is the difference between commander Eelk and you? Eelk, when he works for me, he takes me as his absolute authority. Other than my living conditions, he will not report back to your king about other matters and most importantly, if there is something he cannot answer, he will be honest with it and shall not avoid it. That is what I expect from my people. Even if there is a secret they are keeping from me, they should not pretend that there is nothing at all. Like Eelk, they should tell on my face that it was a secret they cannot reveal."

I waved my hand before him asking him to leave. There are many plans I have and so much work I need to do. If I'm to waste my time with dishonest people, when can achieve my goal.

Even after asking him to leave, Azar stood rooted to that place and did not move. However, he looked conflicted. Leaving him in my office cabin on the first floor, I walked to the meeting room on back corridor south wing.

The meeting room was a big one with a long table surrounded by thirty chairs around it. Books, papers and pens were neatly arranged and there was a huge while board standing behind the place I sit.

Eelk and few masters of influential families I allied with sat around waiting for me in utter silence. Few, as in, sixteen family representatives.

"Hello everyone, I'm pleased to know that my invitation was answered positively." With a confident smile, I walked over my chair at the head of the table gracefully.

Upon my appearance, they stood up and gave me a polite bow. These are the people who did not believe a woman can be anything more than a wife and a children delivering machine. In the few days of my journey to the treasure palace, I was able to change the mindset of the few of them; not completely but yes, they now believe that not all women are useless.

That's a huge accomplishment, I say.

"Please sit down. I'm grateful to all of you for accepting my invitation. For putting your trust on me, for giving me a chance, I promise to not let your hopes down." I said with a polite and a hopeful smile.

Being modest with get me better results than showing off my position.

"Lady Dawn, it's an honor to take part in this assembly." Mr. Angfort, whose family clan is into producing different styles and designs of arrows, commented.

"What is the purpose of assembling us here, Milady. Do tell us your intentions and we shall support you." Mr. Durazin fawned with an enthusiastic smile. His family clan is into mining diamonds and is known to be quite rich in the whole kingdom.

"Gentlemen, I'm grateful for your attendance. The reason I invited you all here is for two things. One, I want us to get into a contract of alliance." I showed them the contract papers I prepared for them which were placed in front of them on the table.

Without a futher ado, they picked the individual contracts and started to read it. "As you all see, my contract is not just about profit sharing and ownership; it is also about the association we are going to have in future and a promise of standing together whatsoever from both the parties."

With some modern education, this kind of contract is pretty easy to make. My profession demanded such contracts frequently so drawing one is no big deal.

The contract is about the future business opportunities I shall be giving them respectively. The ownership and the profit of share is the same as I've given to the black cobra gang; sixty to me and forty to the other party.

Scanning through the old men who were busy reading and comprehending the contract, I continued with a smile.

Better strike when the iron is hot.

"As the Commanding figure of Oudad province, I plan to make this region the richest and the most advanced places of not just his kingdom but also the other kingdoms. In order to achieve it, I ask for your support and association." Eelk gave me small nod after I finished my small speech.

"We understand, Milady; however, the kingdom is already the richest and organized of all the kingdoms. Our family business are known to be the best of best; how are you planning to improved it?" Mr. Durazin expressed and I know this is something everyone wants to ask.

"Simple; by introducing new business opportunities and polish the present ones. So, the first plan is to improve the tourism of Oudad." I've always loved how African cities are represented by a color each. It gives them special meaning to each city and makes it so beautiful.

I'm not plagiarizing it but since this is not the realm I came from, who would know I copied or not?

"Starting with, we shall divide the whole oudad into seven districts comprised of cities, towns, villages and tribal areas. Each district is represented by a color and so all the seven districts shall be painted and decorated in seven rainbow colors each. This will bring more tourists for us. I'm also planning to change the financial policy of the province."

"I wonder how you want to do that, Milady."

"All the seven districts will have branches of Treasure Union where all the tourism related activities are carried out in a systematic and orderly way and also providing our utmost protection and services to the tourists."

"And seven among you will be chosen to head a branch each." Surprised and happy gasps were heard from the gentlemen.

Oh, tourism is only a start! This isn't even my personal business.

I plan to not only cash from government but also my own businesses and this is only a start.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Acacia is making her first move in her territory. Your views?

Acacia rejected Azar's assistance. Is she right by doing so?

Acacia has a good impression on Eelk, right? I think he deserves it. Eelk has always been a good subordinate to her.

Will those families accept Acacia's business proposals?

Wanting to become rich and have a lot of wealth is not a bad thought as long as it is earned with one's hard work. Is it?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 49
**Tzalmon Point of View**

I narrowed my eyes coldly at the man who claimed to be my father. The only sin I and the kingdom had done was to have him as a part of us.

He the root and reason for the previous downfall of our people and still, here he was, grinning with confidence and claiming me his son.

Centuries of intolerable torture, yet he has not come to his right mind. But one thing was clear, he does know what those scums are planning to do to rise to power again.

But if he knows that, then isn't it given that he has inkling about Eblilis and Igses too? After all, both the mother and son duo are the only source to empower both our clans.

However, I was a bit quick in my action and the both are now in my kingdom and under my protection. If it was under those scums, Eblilis wouldn't know what sun and light look like for a very long time.

Thinking about various possibilities of how the current winds are blowing, I rather end the whole thing as soon as possible before the wrong winds blow towers Eblilis.

"What? Are you going to kill me?" The man who calls himself my father grinned at me maliciously. "Dear son, the centuries of living under a curse hasn't muddled you right? You cannot kill me." He continued enunciating each and every word with such delight that no one could tell that the man who was speaking was suspended to eternal years of torturous punishment.

"Not so soon, old man. Do not worry yourself with the methods; all you have to know is that I shall kill you soon in the near future and you should only think about that absolute result." I controlled my anger and spoke with a small hint of smile.

His face showed no fear; on contrary, he looked at me with a mocking grin. "And how are you going to do that? I've heard you say this so many times that I lost the count of it. However, you seem a bit more confident this time. It must be because of the person who broke the curse."

"He cannot go close to her." I shrugged in a relaxed manner.

Forget about my protection, that woman is like a mutated porcupine who knows only to prick people who come close to her. In worst case, although it would never happen, my protection wasn't enough, I guess she can still get out of the situation or at least buy herself some time.

How much ever I was concerned and wants to end the whole issue before it reaches her; I still know it in my heart that for some reason she can walk out of a bad situation alive.

"To make it much better for me, I might as well do that one thing that I couldn't centuries ago." Saying that, with one swish of hand, a small dagger appeared in my hand.

The hilt of the dagger was not something special but the blade of the dagger was made of one of my ancestor's bones. Until I was born, he was known as the powerful man of all realms and when he was about to die, in his last breath, he refined his bones into a dagger and passed it to his descendants.

"You - this - how is it possible?" The ever grinning useless father of mine was so flustered that he stuttered for the first time in such a long time.

"How could I wield this dagger? That is nothing of your concerned. All you have to know is how this dagger will cut the connection between you and the leader of those scums." Without wasting time, I pushed the dagger between his eyebrows on the center point.

The dagger then emitted a small light before going off indicating that all the mental connection he has with the those scums is now cut off.

Although he did not scream in pain, this dagger is a no normal one. It was made of bones of the same bloodline. To the same bloodline, it harms but cannot take a life but to the others it can take a life until the soul was perished.

"The mental connection was now cut off and they cannot know if you are alive or not nor can they sense your location. The same goes for you. With no link between you and them I wonder how they will get any assistance from you." I smirked when he looked at me with his droopy exhausted eyes and tried to glare at me.

Soon, I and Gyles left the place and increased the strength of barrier before returning back. On the way back Gyles asked how I was able to use the Bone dagger which I couldn't before.

"I realized I can use it a few days before. I am nearly certain this is because of birth of Igses. That young prince of mine seems to be much more powerful than I expected."

I never thought my son would be so powerful even after having half a human side to him.

Or was it because he was a half human that he was so powerful?

Thinking about them, the first thing I did after going back to the palace was call the private guard and get information about the movements from the scum leader and the movements of Eblilis.

What I did not expect was for Azar to return back with a fallen face and inform me about how Eblilis kicked him out of the treasure palace.

"You are her destined protector. It was you who could come to life after she set her foot on the island so your connection with her should be stronger only second to mine with her. How did she manage to reject your assistance without any hesitation?" I rubbed my chin as my eyes followed Azar's crestfallen face turning into a grim one.

"She said she cannot accept anyone who is not absolutely loyal to her. One look at me and she could easily tell that I answer only to Your Highness." He shrugged yet the astonishment as he spoke was clearly seen.

Ah, that woman was really small and observant.

"Your Majesty, this time, I came to cut off my loyalties with you and return back to Oudad. As her protector, I cannot have lesser link with Lady Acacia. I cannot only feel the danger around her from anywhere only when she considers me as one of her close ones." He sighed lowering his head to me.

"You also know the reason why when I was in hawk form I could easily reach her when she was I danger. It was because she considered me a companion and now she has no amount of trust or any sentiment towards me." He continued and I know how the bond between the master and the protector was strong yet so flimsy.

"Hmm. Then get back and do your best. If I want to I can know what she is up to through other sources." I waved my hand and send away Azar.

Thinking about she could tell Azar was not one of her people at one look; Eblilis is not a simple woman.

Later, through my informant, I came to know how Eblilis is making plans to change the structure of Oudad and to my and Gyles surprise; she was really capable.

Her ideas, the methods of implementation, her ways of manipulation; they are so admirable that I wonder if she was the same woman who cried to sleep when she first came here.

Not to forget that she was not a man but a woman. A woman!

After listening to the update from Oudad, I moved on with dealing with my own work.

It has been close to three months the kingdom was broken from curse and from the very day, I had received several missives from other kingdoms for one, congratulating us and two, asking about my plans in dealing with those scums.

The clan of those scums are not just dangerous to us but to other realms' existence too. With also scums breaking out from the curse, I started to receive several missives asking for cooperation to eliminate the lot.

After the curse was broken, a month ago Pibut Kingdom and Slarin Kingdom joined their hands to eliminate the scum lot but even when they were in their weakest point they were able to protect themselves from both the kingdoms.

"Gyles." I called out and in a matter of second, Gyles appeared before me. "I have something for you to do for me." I said thinking for a moment.

"Yes Your Majesty."

"Handle the issues her for me."

"Of course, but your highness, what are you planning to do?"

"Something that no one would expect." I said vaguely. "We can contact each other like we always do. You can follow up here as I command while I do what I need to."

"However, you are to take my place and transform into me to do so."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

The other race is really too strong, aren't they?

Azar is Acacia's protector and he chose to cut off his ties with Tzalmon to protect her. Will Azar gain her trust in future?

What is Tzalmon trying to do now?

Why did Tzalmon ask Gyles to turn himself in to him and take his place?

If Gylkes becomes Tzalmon then where will Tzalmon go and who will he become?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 50
**Acacia Point of View**

Huh, nothing can be the joy of strolling around busy streets and learn the culture and geography of a new place.

Simply refreshing!

So what I was being looked at weirdly by hundreds of eyes? It's still... refreshing.

So what whoever looked at me and my son started to whisper with others? It's... refreshing!

I mean, come on, a simple baby stroller can gain such attention from these people! Don't tell me these people don't have similar items to carry their babies outside?

The stroller was made by me with a little help from few guards a few days ago. I had always wanted to come out and stroll through city but carrying Igses in arms for longer time can be exhaustion for both of us.

So I postponed idea of exploring the city until I could make a good stroller for the little man. In the end, I'm happy and he is more than just happy.

Just lying down on the soft cushions, being moved around on the wheels while he can look around, observe and enjoy; who wouldn't be delighted.

If my circumstances are not dire here, in a place like this, I would be happy to be on a slow vehicle to look around.

"Do not mind them, Milady. People here have never seen such miraculous inventions before." Eelk spoke sincerely with a hint of marvel in his voice.

Suddenly, my mood brightened a little when I heard those beautiful words.

"There are no baby strollers in this kingdom? You never knew of them ever at all?" Eelk shook his head making my smile broaden wider.

"Not just in our kingdom but this invention has never been seen in any other kingdom before." Eelk informed killing me with joy.

"Then how do you people bring their babies out?" I asked and immediately saw another woman on the far end of the road with a months old child on her back. The baby was in a light weighted basket and was tied around to the front with a strong cloth.

By the looks of it, the baby was not being suffocated but such a method is not really convenient for longer period.

Eelk noticed the direction of sight and then spoke, "That is more or less how the infants were carried out, Milady."

"Eelk, my brother, I think it's not far away when we will be swimming in wealth." The immeasurable happiness I felt that moment was beyond words.

I was scratching head from a few days for a direction to start my own business and now it seems like I found infinite directions. The modern era I've lived in, there are many things that can be made here and marketed.

Then I'll earn a lot. I mean, who doesn't love money?

One of the prerequisites of a stable career is earning well.

"Uh, somehow I find your smile scary, Milady." If he wouldn't have said this, I almost forgot he tagged along.

I glanced back at Azar who claimed to cut off all the ties with the Jerk and forced himself into the palace saying he is my destined protector.

I tried a few times to throw him out but this man is just so serious and has no nonsense attitude making things different for me. That time when I kicked him out using the loyalty as reason, he quietly left.

Now that he vowed that he is no more loyal to the Jerk as a subordinate would be to his superior, he took his stand.

I had no other choice to just tag along but that doesn't mean I trust him. His declaration of not loyal to Jerk as his subordinate has an underlying meaning that he is in another way loyal to him.

Eelk, on the other hand, directly report to the Jerk, yet he knows what to say and what not to. That is why I approve of Eelk and not Azar.

"Tell me Eelk, how do you travel short distances if people doesn't have teleportation ability?" I asked ignoring Azar's comment.

"If it's too short then they walk; if not they go on a carriage." Great! Bicycles are on the way to take birth here!

I don't have the ability to design heavy and complex vehicles but bicycles are simple. Once it's launched here, I can even try my luck in other kingdoms.

My God, this must be the second time I'm this excited; first time was when I held Igses in my arms for the first time.

We walked slowly, as I observed everything and everyone around to get a hang of how exactly this place work.

Surprisingly, this nothing too different from what I've watched in historical dramas. Only, these people have different culture and a little usage of magic here and there.

That means, not many are proficient in high level magic and mostly have basic abilities while the higher and influential people have strong magical abilities.

Ah, the door to great trade is open! And it's my turn to grab the opportunity.

Earning money sometimes can real heal certain wounds and acts a good distraction too.

"Little man, you have to help mamma become extremely rich. Let's enjoy the weal and woes together and become each other's strength." I exclaimed as I bent down and squeezed his chubby cheeks.

The already smiling face of his amplified cackled after he heard what I said. That must be his way of agreeing to me.

I know, my son is the best!

With that, we continued to walk around and whenever I saw the never-dropping smile on Igses face, a feeling that there cannot be anything so fulfilling that seeing him smile so happily arose inside my heart.

For a person who doesn't know how to be a mother, this feeling, this little boy changed me in many aspects.

I should say, I've matured a lot after Igses was born.

While going around, I bought a few things here and there and mostly observed to look for scope for my business. Apart from Eelk and Azar, there only Circe who came along so handling Igses has become easier.

The days when we entered the city for the first time, I noticed few people who has different style of dressing and realized they must be from other kingdoms. Seeing that there are indeed several foreigners here, I wonder what exactly it that makes this place so different is.

If it is mountains, vegetation and beautiful scenery, aren't they any in other kingdoms and other places?

"It is, sir. th goods I sell are top in quality. After you try you will tell me why you haven't met me before and why you have never bought from my stall." A loud boisterous voice caught my attention.

Only few meters in the front, there's a stall that has pile of weapons stacked up disorderly. Although the stall was small, there were swords, daggers, axes, javelin, spears, knives, and many and surprisingly, they look pretty sharp and tough too.

The seller was very handsome man who must be in his early thirties and has a vibe that can make people around him believe in what he says.

"Weapons from a small stall? Can they even chop vegetable?" The old man who is the customer snicker.

Although he was getting mocked, the trader's smile nor his conduct did not change. Impressive!

"Then why don't you chop a vegetable and see, master? My weapons can pass through a hard skull, what of a fruit or vegetable!" He responded back by returning the mockery but instead of sounding disrespectful towards the customer, he sounded so innocently like was merely answering the customer's question.

The customer's face darkened with anger but what can he do, it's not like the seller was disrespectful towards him so he cannot pick up a fight.

"Who is this man?" I asked pointing to the seller.

"This street is open for free trade, Milady. Anyone can open a stall for any amount of time and doesn't need a authorized token to conduct business in this street. So several small families and those who only want to conduct trade for a special purpose for a shorter period of time come here. I shall get information on him soon." Azar answered and I nodded.

"Mister Aguelli, Mister Aguelli" A stout man ran towards the stall while panting heavily. The seller turned his head towards the stout man with a smile and bowed a little in greeting.

"Mister Aguelli, your weapons are astounding. Sharp, flexible and light, the skill was beyond imagination. I need fifty more swords and twenty more spears." The stout man exclaimed with such wide smile that I wondered how he was able to stretch his mouth so much.

But then again, I couldn't help chuckle when the previous customer who mocked him turn to give the weapon a serious look. It also attracted several people around who heard what the stout man said.

"Eelk, find out who this man is and if nothing is wrong with his background, set up an appointment for a small talk." I said and turned around with smirk.

This man's tricks are impressive!

But then, if he was the one who made those weapons, then his skills should be a great support for my Bicycle and baby prams business.

However, why does it feel like I know this person when I have never seen him in my life?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Anyone expected Acacia to be a lover of wealth of money? 

Wanting to make her own place in a world like that is not easy. How will her journey go on from here?

Acacia wants to introduce baby prams and bicycles in that culturally stagnated world. Will it become a sky rocking success or a heart aching failure?

Azar is back beside her and she doesn't trust him. Will he gain it in future?

Who like Eelk more than Azar here?

Why is that seller felt familiar to Acacia? What mystery is that now?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 51
**Acacia Point of View**

"So you are just a poor little metalsmith and make simple weapons."

"That's right, Milady."

"Hmm, where do you make them? Do you have your own workshop?"

"Just a small cave behind the cloud mountain. It cannot be called a workshop but just a tiny place." I suppressed the smile that wanted to break out.

He really prepared himself for every question I might ask him. A cunning man; not less, also a mysterious one.

"Cloud mountain?" I turned to Eelk in question.

"The largest mountain in the mountain range behind the city is called the cloud mountain. It is not far away from here, Milady. By foot, it takes a day and a half to reach." Ah, I remember it now. Wasn't it the mountain with wide expanse?

From the top of the tower of treasure palace, I saw the mountain before. Unlike other mountains of the range, this particular mountain was nearly barren and only has stone with no vegetation at all.

"Mister Aguelli, where you get metal ore from?" I asked as I realized something.

This man, although he is pretty talented in handling metals and a shrewd trader, somehow I feel a little familiarity when I look at him.

He is not a simple man!

Mister Vulcan Aguelli, that was what he said his name was. When Eelk checked his background, he found out that he was a poor alone man who makes few weapons and sell them every now and then in free market.

His family was poor and died many years ago and it seems that he now has no one close to him now.

"Metal ore -" Although he did not show it out, I can tell that he did not expect me to be thorough with my evaluation.

"You are just a poor man so it is given that you cannot afford to purchase metal ore to a huge quantity. Looking at the pile of weapons you made, not only was the quality of the metal good but to quantity must've not been small either. A 'just a poor man' like you could get his hands on such ore. How?" Putting my hand on the table before me, I started drumming it with my fingers as I waited for his answer.

Clearly he was startled by my question. "Mister Aguelli, I need truth so we can take this conversation further and see if we can make a deal that would profit both of us." He looked sharply at me and by how his eyes narrowed at me pointedly, It felt like I knew this gaze from somewhere.

How disturbing!

A moment later, he collected his composure and decided to tell the truth. "The cloud mountain; I extract a small amount every time I needed."

Ah ha! I knew it! I was only thinking about bicycles and the metal source walked to me by itself.

"So the cloud mountain is actually full of metal ore." I mumbled to myself and then looked back at Aguelli, "And no one knows about it?" Mister Aguelli shook his head.

"Mining metal from that mountain is not too easy as the ore is too deep into the core. People think it was just a normal infertile land with nothing but stone and sand makes it easy for me to mine a little alone every time."

That's interesting!

A mine that can produce such good metal. Not bad.

"Mister Aguelli, do you want to continue extracting the ore from the mountain secretly in future?" I asked, finding a way to land the conversation on the main track.

He looked completely perturbed when he heard me. I could see his hesitation and can tell he doesn't know how exactly to answer me.

"You see Mister Aguelli, Oudad provice belongs to me. That makes it clear that it's natural resources also belong to me. I shall not waste your time and give you two options." Seeing that he was listening to me carefully, I continued.

"One, since I found out that the cloud mountain has a ore vein, I take it and use it for myself and you will be left with nothing from here forth. Two, nonetheless, I take back the resource that belongs to me but if you work for me, you will have a stable employment under me. I give you a week time to think about it and give me your answer."

"What kind of employment are you referring to, Milady?" He contemplated.

"I have a plan to start a business that is related to what you usually do. Refining and modeling of metals. However, you would be making according to the model I give you. I got a bunch of workers to work on it and you will be the supervisor." Saying, I stood up and asked Eelk to escort Aguelli out after I told the later that he can have a week time to think and get back to me with an answer.

Once he left, I returned back to the main hall and saw that all the arrangements I asked for has been nearly done.

Since Azar wants to tag along no matter what, I asked him to make arrangements on the first floor of the palace to make it into an office.

With several rooms and meeting halls, I instructed the structure of how the arrangements should be and Azar took over from there.

The refining and modeling of metals cannot be done here but a business has many departments other than producing good. Azar has been also working on getting a huge workshop in the mountains for the production while this office shall have the departments of accounting, finance, marketing, design and administration.

I was responsible of designing because only I know how bicycles and similar small vehicles work. For the other departments and employees, I've asked Eelk to look into few poor people and fugitives with considerable amount of knowledge and ability.

When you become the source of their life, fugitives and poor people tend to become loyal to you. That is usual unless something untoward happened.

But this person, Vulcan Aguelli, he has skills and knowledge but I feel like he has some deep secrets and cannot be easily trusted.

I have nothing to do with his secrets but my instincts tell me that I cannot put my trust on him. However, since he will only be a supervisor, I can just ask Eelk to keep a close eye on him.

While I let Azar prepare office area and workshop for production, the few family household heads who vowed to be an ally and support me with tourism management in Oudad went on to build a union in each district and establish an officially authorized management.

Other than the seven families who were going to be the presidents of respective district Union, the other families were helping them in the matter of Union until I get them into some other management.

Other than very good tourism, I realized Oudad has good mineral ores too. Although I shall using them to my own business, I have been thinking of other ways to attract more visitors to the province.

The climate here is very much pleasant to have a walk and stroll around. Not only that, everything around was covered with vegetation which is soothing to eyes and heart.

Only, if this aspect can be made more prominent, then it will be better.

"Milady," Leto, the head housekeeper bowed and brought in a plate of fruits cut in small pieces. I was in my newly furnished office cabin on the first floor along with my son beside me thinking how to make it big here when Leto knocked softly and walked in.

"Ah Mrs. Leto." She placed the plate on the table in front of me. Biting a small piece of local fruit, I stopped Leto from leaving.

"Yes, Milady."

"Leto, you have been living here from a very time yes?"

"That's right, Milady."

"Then you must know many locals here."

"Nearly."

"Have you heard of someone called, Vulcan Aguelli?"

"Yes Milady. Although I have never met that person till now, I heard his name several times in the market area. He frequents to the free market streets according to what I heard." So he really is from this area.

Then why do I feel like his whole standing is a mere setup?

Although there were proofs that support his claim, my intuition was hardly wrong. These days, my senses even increased towards these things.

"Alright. Thank you, Mrs. Leto. Right, have you got someone to make the bottles I asked for?" A few months later, Igses will no longer need to drink breast milk so I asked Mrs. Leto to have someone make milk bottles by giving a detailed description of how they should be.

Although they don't have plastic here which is good; they still have good material with which safe milk bottles can be made. I can even squeeze some breast milk and keep it aside to give him when we will be public place and I cannot feed him directly.

"I have. They shall produce the first bottle in fortnight." I nodded and she left after that.

Soon a guard came in saying Mister Aguelli is requesting to meet me. I asked him to bring him in while I smiled inwardly.

Not even a day passed and he already came up with an answer.

Vulcan Aguelli, who exactly are you?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Acacia is slowly but firmly taking a step in making her own influence in a foreign world.

What do you think about her business ideas?

Isn't she lucky when it comes to business opportunities?

Why is Acacia so apprehensive about Vulcan Aguelli?

Why does she find him so familiar and not trustyworthy?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 52
**Acacia Point of View**

Sipping on tea, I relaxed my back against the headboard. Closing my eyes, I feel relieved that the ache is no more. After only a little work, my back started to kill me like it has some grudge against me.

However, since it was only near to three months that I gave birth and did not have enough rest both mentally and physically, it is understood.

It was good thing that Mrs. Leto saw my predicament and prepared some bitter medicine for me.

This land may lack many things and have many strange things but the medicine here is really amazing.

It's some kind of oriental medicinal soup which is deadly bitter but the effects are miraculous. Taking a glass of medicine and one hour later, the ache is gone and I even felt like my body strengthened a bit too.

Since then, every morning Mrs. Leto has been giving me a different kind of bitter medicinal soup to strengthen my body. But the difficulty lied in taking that medicine on an empty stomach.

Such bitter medicine, on an empty stomach! It's like my stomach has a tornado of its own. No matter how many honeyed candies and fruits I eat, the bitterness doesn't go away until noon.

Thankfully, Mrs. Leto said I only need to take it for one month and once my body gets strong enough, she shall change it to a much milder one.

The cool and indifferent lady even scolded me once for making a fuss like a child about taking medicine. Even my position as her superior didn't hinder her from giving me a piece of her mind.

Except; it felt warm. Even though she was cold and scolded me it still made me feel warm inside. It made me think of my mother who loves to nag at me a lot.

Over the past days, I got customized to many things in the new palace. I got familiarized with the staff and their working patterns. In the beginning I didn't want many people roaming around the house but then when I thought about converting the first floor into an office, I felt that they were needed enough.

Mr. Letos, the butler, helped Eelk in recruiting workers for mining as Mr. Letos is familiar with the city and the places around nearby. In less than a week, they were able to recruit the basic number of workers and got them to sign the employment contract that I prepared.

These people here have slave contracts but they don't have any employment contracts; not to mention, the few contracts they have were too cruel and unreasonable.

So when I produced a reasonable and a contract benefitting to both the parties, several looked at me as if I lost my mind.

After all why would an employer be this good a mere worker whose life is not much of a concern to him?

Then again, I'm not a Dr'helellion so I kind a have a heart which beats properly and was kind of brought up in a kind family with good morals.

Sighing, I stretched my hand and stroked my sleeping son's cheeks gently. He was sleeping so peacefully that it made me feel satisfied inside.

Upon sensing my touch, his face unconsciously snuggled against my hand and licked his lips contently in sleep. A smile rose up on my lips when the little guy was even smiling in his sleep when I touched him.

Before I lay down a little and snuggle my son, light footsteps cautiously approached towards my bedroom and then inside the room.

I didn't have to turn to see who it was. Besides me, only Circe knows the exact timings of when Igses would be awake and when he would be sleeping.

Adjusting the small woolen blanket over Igses, I surrounded him with several pillows and only did I got out.

"Milady, Sir Azar has asked to inform you that Mister Aguelli is here. The guest is now in receiving room on the first floor." I nodded.

"Stay here with Igses until I come back. If he wakes up and looking for me, bring him to me." Saying, I went down to the receiving room to finally have the answer from Mister Auguelli.

Let's see what his thoughts are!

As soon as I entered the receiving room, Azar and Mr. Aguelli stood up and greeted me. I nodded lightly and asked them to sit down while a maidservant came in with some hot tea and simple fruit juice for me.

"So, what have you thought about my proposal, Mister Aguelli?" I asked after he took a sip of his tea and relaxed a bit.

Acting!

I don't know why but that show of relaxing looks like a show only. He is not pressured or scared in the least to start with.

"Can this lowly person put forth few requests?" His politely asked.

"Let's hear them."

"I am only answerable to you and shall not endure the suppression of others."

"Take orders for me and only answerable to me; if your work and behavior is good then you don't have to meddle with others." I nodded agreeing to his first request.

"Thank you, Milady. You may already know that I am sole survivor of my family and lives all by my own away from the main city. I request a better and closer accommodation. I don't need a luxurious place; just an acceptable and comfortable one."

I raised my eyebrow at his this request. A better and closer accommodation? Better is okay but closer?

"If you mean by asking me to give you a room here in the palace or allow you live in the premises, then that is not going to happen. I acknowledge your skills, but I do not trust you. Someone who I don't trust will not be anywhere near my son. However, I will get you a good place near the production workshop."

For a fraction of a second there, I saw satisfaction in his eyes. As though he was satisfied with my answer but it was soon covered with a look of compliance.

What is he satisfied about though?

"As you command, Milady." I snorted hearing say that so obediently.

"Anymore requests?" Why do I feel like I'm bringing a snake into my den?

"No, Milady."

"Then I have few demands too." I pushed the contract towards him.

He gave me a thoughtful glance and took the contract and started to read it. Few minutes later he asked why the content of the contract was different from others.

"Of course you shall be the lead manufacturer; you will get a different contract."

"I understand, Milady. About the pledge and guarantee, I don't understand."

"Pledge to never go against the organization and guarantee of something valuable to you so even if you do go against us, I will have a leverage against you. Tell, is there something you value the most?"

In the pretense of obedience, he observed me as he looked at me knowingly. I shrugged and waited for his answer patiently.

"I'm a poor man, Milady. What valuable might I have?"

"Of course, you do."

"I do?"

"Of course. Isn't your life valuable to you?" His slightly narrowed his eyes when he heard me.

"I don't understand the meaning behind your words, Milady."

"I know you have secrets of your own and I don't care about it. However, I can tell you clearly have your own intentions towards us are not exactly pure. I'm a straightforwards person, Mister Aguelli. All I need from you is a blood oath that any of your action in the future will not harm me, my son and my people."

Last night when I was going through books in the library, I found a certain book on pledges on oaths. There were several pledges and several kind of oath that these people follow and this blood oath is something simple yet appropriately binding and secured.

Lucky I found that book!

"Bood oath?"

"Nothing too much, just for my security and assurance. After all I'm a mother, I have a baby so it's natural I'm being careful."

"Does everyone -"

"Not the blood oath but everyone getting employed under me is taking some kind of oath respectively." I cut his question and answered.

After few thoughtful moments passed by, he agreed to take a blood oath. Immediately, I called for Eelk to prepare for blood oath.

Eelk soon walked in with a small bowl and a white crystal ball. This ritual for blood oath is both simple and interesting. I've only seen such practices on television.

Never knew I would one day get into such practices.

With a small knife I cut my finger a little and let few drops of blood drop in the bowl. Passing on to Mister Aguelli, he did the same.

Once both the bloods in the bowl are mixed, Eelk rubbed the crystal ball with a kind of dark blue stone before dripping the blood on the crystal ball.

Once the blood is poured on the crystal ball, Mister Aguelli took an oath of not harming any of us or going against us. Once the oath is made, the crystal ball absorbed the blood and a light illuminated from the ball confirming the pledge made.

"Tomorrow morning, an hour after sunrise, in my office. Don't be late."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia doesn't trust Aguelli so she took a blood oath from him. Isn't she foresighted?

I feel pity for Acacia. She had to struggle so much on a foreign land between supernatural people.

Why does Aguelli seem suspicious?

Who thinks Aguelli is not as poor and straight as he shows himself to be?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 53
**Tzalmon Point of View**

I felt an urge to smile.

This feeling, the genuine urge to smile, was something I haven't felt in several centuries. There aren't any reasons to smile before as such.

Looking at how this little woman has been handling things, I feel that she was rather impressive.

Women are not intelligent creatures. However, this woman was a great contrast to the women in my kingdom.

She has such grand ambitions. She could achieve them or not I rather doubt but she does have witty and calculative brain.

The world she was from, I used to know what and how it was centuries ago but upon being under the curse, the connection between the realms has become rather fragile.

Although I was back to my previous powerful state, the connection with the realm she came from was still fragile that cannot be invaded just yet.

The conditions and the laws of nature has changed; if it wasn't for Eblilis was predestined to be the one to break the curse, I wouldn't have known much about her world either.

Now looking at her seriously drawing on a large piece of paper while muttering to herself whenever she came up with an idea, a small smile broke out on my face.

This weird looking thing called Bicycle that she is painting made no sense to me. According to the painting she drew, it only has two wheels, how was it to become a transportation aid?

Nonetheless, she wanted to bring this strange looking thing out, I want to see how my people are going to accept it.

Not only was this woman targeting my kingdom, she was also targeting other kingdoms to do trading in future.

I wonder how exactly the world she came from was!

"But Milady, how can you travel on just two wheels?" Commander Eelk curiously leaned forward as he observed the sketch and the small notes Eblilis was making.

Azar, on the other hand was quite but one call tell that he was curious as well.

"We can. Once the bicycle was made, I will show you how." She smiled enthusiastically and continued to make notes below the sketch.

She has good painting skills. For a person who can create castles, this isn't hard though.

I concealed my aura completely so as to not to be detected by Azar. Even in my invisible form, Azar can detect me well knowing how keen his senses are. Now that he has sworn his loyalty to Eblilis, I concealed it completely not wanting to be found.

"Huh! Finally done with the sketch. Phew!" She blew out a sigh and cracked her wrists and fingers with a satisfying groan.

"Milady, are you certain that this small strange thing can carry people?"

"Not many. This is a small transportation aid that can carry one to two people. But this was better than walking all the way for several kilometers. It reduces times and effort." She explained patiently.

"Hmm?" She suddenly hummed in question while she was tapping her chin thoughtfully.

"Eelk, didn't you once say there was a large lake on the southern border of the province?" She asked.

Now, what is she planning again?

This woman; she has many ideas. Women should be staying between the walls of a house, managing the household.

How come this one is filled with such grand ideas and fierce force to achieve them?

A woman should be humble and obedient and -

Regardless, why do I suddenly feel amused by the change? I despise when something was disorderly but when it comes to this woman, the only just realized that her disobedience and clever personality was rather amusing.

"Indeed, Milady. It was a huge lake surrounded by mountains and beauty of nature. A few miles from the place, the lake eventually joins the southern ocean."

After what Eelk said, Eblilis fell in thoughts and silently nodded to herself as a grin snaked up on her face a few minutes later.

"Great. Eelk, I have a job for you."

"Please order, Milady."

"The remaining heads of the families apart from those who are given the responsibility of forming a Tourism Union, call them for a meeting. Lead the meeting on my stead and offer them an opportunity to gain five percent of profits of the earnings from the province if they could transport clay and sand from lake and the ocean."

"Clay and sand? What for, Milady?" Eelk scratched his chin and asked.

"Of course to improve the roads here." Seeing that Azar and Eelk in confusion, she continued. "The roads here are paved by leveling the ground. Some of the roads of major cities or streets are groveled with flat irregular stones. Although the large wheels of carriages can pass through them, it is still inconvenient for to travel on such bumpy roads."

"You want to level the roads using Clay and sand?" Azar spoke curtly. He was just polite but not too respectful that he should be.

"The wheels of a bicycle are not large like carriages so those bumpy roads shall pose a huge problem for small vehicles like bicycles. As the Administering Lord of the province, the citizens' issues and living conditions already come under my duties. Before we could improve the wheels of bicycle and improvise it further, it is better we lay roads that accommodate our product."

"I understand, Milady. I shall make the proposal on your stead. But then, what about the investment?"

"The manufacturing of bicycles and baby prams takes time. So we can manage it from the returns we get from entrance fees. Most of the money we need for is transporting clay and sand here and workers to work on roads. Since we are offering a proposal, the families shall offer a portion of investment too. This is how partnership works. Anyway, I shall draw the contract and required papers and you can follow up accordingly." She waved off and grinned widely.

Her eyes shined so brightly at the thought of money that if I wasn't carefully, I could've gone blind.

This isn't greed but her love for wealth is something else.

Heavens, what is she made of?

"Eelk, you are responsible for this road project. I'll leave it you. God, if all these plans work according to my expectations, I'll be rich." She jumped towards the small crib my son was laying in and picked him up from it.

"Little man, I'm so happy. Although I'm happy before everything fall in place, I'm still happy." She showed her teeth to my son.

My son clearly felt her mood and jumped in joy in her arms.

This boy... he really loves her so much. He blindly follows his mother.

"Azar, I'm going to give you a chance as well. Don't make me regret this. Please handle the issues with manufacturing while I continue designing the brand logo and brand name for us." Hearing her, Azar was slightly surprised yet he complied with a small nod with gratitude swimming in his eyes.

"Brand? What is that?" Both Eelk and Azar asked in unison.

I want to know as well. What the hell is this brand? I heard about it first time too.

"Umm, brand is like identification under a particular name. Just like how you all differentiate people from other kingdoms based on their flags. Trading also requires such brand. A symbol that stands as identification."

Clarifying their doubts, she left with Igses to rest for the day. The next morning, she woke up early and had an early breakfast before going to her office room to meet Mister Aguelli.

It's close to the time that Aguelli agreed to start his work so Eblilis took an empty book and made extra observations for better understanding.

Not only did she make annotation on the design but the material that should be used and the proportions of the mixing.

Ah, it's time for me to meet her already!

Having seen enough, I walked out of the palace and embodied into physical form and walked back to the palace; this time through the doors.

The maidservant of the receiving hall recognized me and immediately led me to Eblilis office chamber and ordered the other servants to bring in tea and refreshments.

Following her with a small frown, the first thing I saw after I walked into Eblilis office chamber was how she was so devotedly engrossed in her work.

So much so she didn't hear us entering the room.

"Milady," The maidservant called for four times before grabbing Eblilis attention.

She jerked back into reality and smiled at the maid as she excused her and turned back to me with a curt nod.

"You are late." She bit out.

"I'm thought I was on time." I replied back knowing well that I was indeed on time.

"When your superior tells you to be on time, you have to be ten minutes before the agreed time." She really knows how to educate people sternly.

I however expressed my apologies and sat down on the other side of the table. She pushed the sketch she made before waited for me to take a clear look at it.

"So, Mister Aguelli, this is -" She started not recognizing my disguise.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Do you think Acacia is biting more than she can chew?

Why is Tzalmon stalking like that? Can't he be a man and stay with her properly if he wants to?

Wait, Mister Aguelli? Why did Acacia call him Mister Aguelli?

How come Tzalmon look like that poor man Mister Aguelli?

What is happening here?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 54
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"Give and take three weeks."

"Hmm, three weeks to produce the first bicycle? Reasonable. Since the path to the final product takes time and trials, I will be waiting for the first one then." She nodded, calculating everything from time to money.

She once again highlighted the important points and gave me clear description of the form and source. I listened to her carefully not daring to miss even a single thing she was telling.

I could feel it... I know she has her own doubts about me. In her eyes, I could see the suspicion and wariness towards me. Even after blood oath, she did not relax her guard around me.

Did she realize something was wrong with me?

That cannot be possible though. I suppressed my aura, changed my face and created all the needed background for evidential purpose.

Everything was perfect; yet she is wary towards me.

It must be because I was looking at her for a very long time without any realization that she had snap her finger to get me out of my trance.

Dark lines of scowl formed on her face; with a glare, she looked at me as though I had robbed her off her wealth.

"It would be better for you to put your fascination in work rather than spending it on me." She bit out coldly.

I jerked back into Vulcan Aguelli character and obediently bowed a little to show my compliance to her.

Damnation, this woman's senses are much better than I thought.

For a human to have such deep sixth sense was not ordinary.

"Apologies, Milady. It was not my intention to offend you. It's just that we have never seen a woman take charge of such a huge task. I was fascinated by your progressive ideas." One look at her, I can clearly see that she did not believe my words but chose not to counter me.

I did not stay longer as well. Bidding my greeting, I left to the workshop to work on the strange looking vehicle called bicycle.

As per the promise, she indeed had someone find me a proper place for my accommodation near the workshop. I actually wanted to stay in the palace so I could stay close to her and my son but who knew she is too cautious and protective over Igses safety.

I found it impressive though. She did not believe words or honor of a gentleman. She was a practical person who believed in paper and nature.

She made everyone working for her sign a contract and take vows that would endanger them if they go against her one day. I have to say, she has good foresight and is different from other women.

Wonder till where she could rise up to!

Her potential and intelligence is no less than a man.

Although Azar swore not to pass information about her to me, although Eelk only gives me the information about their well being, it wasn't lost on me what she was doing in Oudad.

I couldn't help but feel a sudden ripple in my heart whenever I see a different side to her. She is like a book that has several layers to her and one can only learn by flipping each page patiently.

Let's see how longer she would be able to stand the political storm of this kingdom!

The moment I walked into the work place, I was stunned by how orderly the process of build-up is divided and distributed.

It was not just everyone doing everything like how it usually happens, The workers are divided into groups and each group is responsible of specific process of work.

At the entrance, by the large gate is a receiving desk managed by an old man in his sixties and a young man in his twenties. Both dressed neatly but not luxuriously and had a very sophisticated attitude.

"Hold on for a moment, you need to write down your name and the time of entry before going inside." The old man told.

Write down my name and the time of my entry? Whatever for?

The old man must've guessed what I was thinking when he patiently provided the clarification. "As per Milady's instruction, every worker should note down their time of entry and exit which will assist in calculating the wages and shall have records of those who came and left into the premises."

Such meticulous thinking. Only royal court and royal palace follow such rules but even they were as meticulous as Eblilis is.

I noticed three books on the table, one for workers working here, one for visitors and the other for oncoming new employees in the future.

In the book for workers, the workers were noted down according to the group they are working in and beside their name was a small sketch of their face.

"Please give you name." The old man asked opening the book.

"Vulcan Aguelli."

"Ah ha, you must be the production supervisor. I am called Mister Rarel; I'm the manager of the workshop and also responsible for receiving desk. This young man here is called Master Rarel, my adopted son and my assistant here. We welcome you on your first day to work, Mister Aguelli."

He flipped to the page my name was on, beside which my sketch was. Mister Rarel looked between me and the sketch to confirm before he showed me the place where I should write down my name and the time of my entry.

I nodded simple and politely at both Rarel men before going inside. Inside, all the subordinates and other laborers were standing in several rows quietly.

"Mister Aguelli, I am called Vinas, I shall be your assistant and your helping aid." Vinas, a man in thirties, saluted gleefully as he introduced himself excitedly.

I smiled a little and nodded slightly before turning back to the rows of workers. Just because I changed my face, my personality cannot be changed completely.

I'm used to being a King and a ruler, a man above everyone in the kingdom. These type of smiling people annoy me a great deal.

I accept Serious and useful men; not goofy clowns.

Vinas walked me to the first two rows of workers, "Sire, they are responsible for procuring material. They help the mining group and segregate the materials as per the need and use." The two rows of men saluted me and I nodded curtly.

"These people here work over extraction and refining from impurities." The next three rows saluted. And so, he introduced different groups from mining to shaping and assembling the parts, every group has a designated post and specified task.

After getting know all the groups, I felt like working in this manner will show greater efficiency and results. The work time will be reduced by several period and the quality might also be better.

Indeed a meticulous planning on her part!

She thought of almost everything.

"Everyone, I am called Vulcan Aguelli; you are to call me Sir Aguelli. I have the design and shall me sharing the pointers with you. Let's make it big and earn well for Lady and for ourselves." After a brief speech, I wasted no time and proceed to explain everyone regarding their stream of work.

The copy of design is made and given to the leader of group responsible in shaping and making the parts of bicycle.

The understanding of shaping was not easy because there were several things we have never seen or used before. However, the procedure went smoothly after having better understanding.

A few days later after inspecting the work, I was sitting in my small office chamber, working, when a small raven bird flew inside through the window.

It flew over to me and settled itself on the table before me. To its claw was a small scroll of paper tied to it.

Assuring that the room door was closed, I pulled the paper and read the message written in it. My eyes turned cold and hands balled into fists.

With a brush of my hand, the raven disappeared and scroll was burned to ash.

"Edus!" I called out and he appeared before me.

"Yes, Majesty." He bowed and stood firmly, waiting for my orders.

"Edus, didn't you say families those who disagreed to cooperate with Lady are planning to charge against her."

"Indeed, Your Highness. Upon your orders, I closed all the ways for them to reach Lady Acacia." I hummed and nodded thoughtfully.

"Then take my orders. Loosen the restriction and give them a way to get out and attack. Keep a close eye over their moments and give me every small detail."

"Majesty?" He was perplexed.

"Do as I say. Unless I am there, closer to her and Igses, I cannot keep an eye on people around her and those she is meeting." Edus gaped at me thoughtfully and turned shocked.

"You mean those scums -"

"They had not infiltrated yet, but they are closer now. In no time they will know the identity of Acacia. It's better I trick her and go to her side before those scums get to her."

Better cut the shoot before it grows.

Although those scums just entered the province, it would not take much time before her identity was revealed. Also, we didn't even know who they are and how they look.

Acacia and Igses should be kept safe no matter what.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Surprise, surprise! Vulcan Aguelli is none other than Tzalmon.

He disguised himself and came to Acacia side. For what reason?

Acacia keeps surprising Tzalmon with her intelligence and the way she handles her business.

Why is Tzalmon there anyways? Why does he want others to attack Acacia?

Isn't he protective over her for his Kingdom's sake?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 55
**Acacia Point of View**

Dear Lord, how I wish I have a Macbook with me!

It would be easy to make presentations and make notes on an electrical device. Makes work much less burdensome.

Now that everything is to be put on paper orderly, manually; my eyes are starting to hurt a lot.

In university, when they tried to teach the basic software comprehension, I was too bored because I wasn't in to computer sciences.

Now I wish I have automated software to connect all the data from all the branches. Indeed, you only know the importance of something when you don't have it with you.

I sighed loudly as I touched the flower, appraising it. Because I was busy with work and taking care of Igses, I rarely get time for myself and these days when my eyes hurt and body goes stiff from work, the vast garden around the palace relaxes me.

Taking a walk around the lawn, appraising flowers; few that I know and few that have never seen in my life; I feel better.

I looked around and saw the staff were farther away from where I was and no one was around so taking the chance, I walked to the place where the grass is short and soft surrounded by floral trees.

Wind carried the flower petals covering the grass and making it softer. Smiling, I lay down without a second thought and groaned in bliss.

All my five senses are in treat; scent tranquilizing my mind, eyes mesmerized by the slow magical flow of flower petals along with the breeze, Birds singing afar and skin felt lighter and smoother.

A sigh left my mouth and slowly my eyes closed feeling drowsy. Don't know when it happened but without realizing, I fell asleep for God know how long.

It felt so comfortable and relaxing that I fell into a dreamless sleep. The evening air caressed me gently, lulling me like a baby.

It was only when I heard several footsteps drumming the ground around me and few loud cries of call that jerked me out of my sleep.

The moment I opened my eyes, the first thing I saw was the dark sky and blanket of stars spread over.

"Milady!" I heard several calls. That was when I realized I had been sleeping here for a few hours without notifying anyone.

"I'm here. Don't worry; everyone." I called out and raised my hand and waved so they could see where I was.

Slowly sitting up, a cloak which was on me fell off. I wouldn't have cared about it if I didn't find the cloak disturbing.

Disturbing because this isn't my cloak and most definitely did not lay it on me.

"Milady, thank goodness, you are well and fine." Mrs. Leto gasped with a hand over her heart.

I never knew the cold and indifferent one could be so dramatic.

"Mrs. Leto, what are you scared of? I wouldn't out without notifying you. What are you so worried about?" Hearing me, she gave me a very grand look of disapproval. Following her, several guards and other staff members sighed in relief.

"You have been missing for nearly five hours, Milady. We were - Goodness, if his Majesty knows about this, he will serve our heads to his pet hawks."

This woman; who is she? Where is the ice-block I know of? Why is there a myriad of expressions on her face?

"What would he do? Now, were you looking for me for a reason?" I asked, folding the cloak that was on me and placed it over my arm.

"From a couple of hours."

"So none of you knew I was here all this while?"

"Of course we do not, Milady. Why else would we be so worried?" So they really did not know.

Then how did this cloak end up on me?

Why does this scene feel so familiar; somehow as if I have gone through it a few times?

About a few months ago, when I was living here all alone, didn't experience this pretty frequently?

My smile froze when I realized where this cloak might come from. Was I being watched?

It doesn't take Einstein to know who did this.

That man!

Not pulling down the smile on my face, I gritted inwardly making sure my anger is not out on display.

"I assume you had a good rest, Milady." Mrs. Leon stated but there was still a hint of disapproval in her tone.

"Alright, Mrs. Leon. I know I was wrong. Next time, I shall give you a heads up before slipping away for awhile." I heaved apologetically.

"Right, Igses must be awake and should be looking for me." I said and ran inside not waiting for a response.

Circe was seen carrying Igses in the living room with a few maidservants rounded around her trying to get a close glance at my little man.

Thankfully, Igses accepts Circe's company. Even it was for a short time, he doesn't reject her completely.

That little man... he loves me a little too much!

Hmph, who asked me to be so amazing!

"Is my little man awake? Look how popular you are." The maidservants closed around them got aside making way for me.

When I went next to Circe, my son who was in her arms was already beaming like a summer sun. His eyes were literally blinding people around with its brightness.

The funny thing was, it wasn't because he heard my voice. Nay, it was because he was surrounded by people who were admiring him and cajoling him.

"Little man, are you enjoying the attention?" I snorted when he replied me with a loud cackle.

Men!

This boy is only three and a half months old and he unknowingly loves female attention or perhaps, attention of others in general.

My little man, you cannot be like this! You should have your eyes only for me until you reach of age.

He got excited and struggled in Circe's arms hinting me that he wants me to hold him. Complying, I took him into my arms and soon he started babbling and humming as if he was telling me something very interesting.

Not wanting to kill his joy I replied every now and then. Mrs. Leto announced that dinner was prepared and heated again so with Igses, I went to the dining hall.

Since I had a good evening nap, I was rather hungry and can eat a batch of chickens without a break.

A table full of food was arranged for me which looked tasty. However, they are just sweet and sour food. These people, they don't eat spicy food.

To them, there are no spices. They don't know what chilies are. They have no idea what pepper is.

Hah, I wish I could eat tear jerking spicy food. If there is something I miss after my family here, it would be spicy food.

The food Mrs. Leto serves is amazing. Everything is a blessing to taste buds but spicy food has a separate fandom in my eyes.

"Umm, Mrs. Leto, don't you eat spicy food?" It must be because I was getting comfortable here slowly that my past personality was slowly coming out.

If it was that Jerk sitting beside me, then I couldn't feel anything but hate and utter despise. But with Mrs. Leto, Mr. Letos and others here, I feel rather relaxed.

They treat me as master here but don't make it too cold for me so I was slowly getting out of my shell with them around.

"We truly do not know what spicy is, Milady. When you asked for it the last time, I had someone ask around if someone knows but not even the top restaurant have any knowledge of spicy food you were asking for." Pity!

Fry whole chilies, salt it lightly and eat with fried chicken; I don't think heaven is somewhere else.

Hold on...

"You say that even the top restaurant of the country do not know what hot pepper is?" My eyes emitted the brightness that it surpassed Igses' from earlier glow.

"Then Mrs. Leto, I will draw a picture of a plant later, see if anyone could find it." God, please let this land have a chili plant.

Let me have heaps of green and red chilies.

Let me then find black pepper too after that.

Good thing Mamma was an obsessed gardener and planted several veggie plants in the yard and tortured us to water it every day. Thanks to that I know how a few veggie plants look.

Knowledge is undeniably divine.

"Absolutely, Milady. I shall send our men to look for them." I grinned from one ear to another and happily wolfed down all the food made for me.

Gosh, this is so tasty.

If only... if only there is something spicy here!

I sighed again at the thought of redness that will make your mouth burn like it was in infernal damnation.

Those hot tears that were caused the fiery taste! That must be the only hell that humankind love to experience.

Without a doubt, Spicy food is life!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Another ###chapter with a casual look at how her life is going on.

Who is the one who covered her with cloak when she was sleeping?

Is it really the man-who-shouldn't-be-named?

Who like spicy food and is obsessed with the burning sensation it gives?

Acacia is slowly getting used to her conditions. Is it a good thing? Or is it not?

Who likes Mrs. Leto and her strict aunt like personality?

Igses is so different from his father when it comes to the type of attention he seeks. 

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 56
**Tzalmon Point of View**

One hour...

Three hours...

Five hours...

I waited nearly for whole day for the planned event to take place.

After settling the issues at workshop, I chose a large tree close to the Treasure Palace and sat on it to have a clear view of what was going to happen.

Waiting in hide to grasp the right time and opportunity!

But through the whole day, I waited and waited but nothing happened. In fact, Eblilis' trip to the market place and to the workshop was rather smooth. Even after she got back to the palace, she was having a peaceful time.

While I really liked that she was living a good life here, I wanted to be there near her to keep an on the people around her and keep her safe.

"What happened?" My tone released icy spikes as I threw a brief glance at Edus who was standing behind me.

"I was expecting them to take action and attack her so I could jump in and be the knight. Why were there no movements from the other side?" I asked again seeing how Edus was keeping quite.

This move, I learnt from her. The way she handled the black cobra gang, I know this would hit aim if I were to use the same against her.

However, I wouldn't let her get hurt. Nay, I will not even let anyone to touch a single strand on her head.

I wanted to play the knight and gain the access to be beside her. With right provocation and means, those people from family clans already came out to make a move then how come they did not reach here yet.

"We have underestimated Lady Acacia, Your Majesty. Seems like she was prepared for everything." Edus answered with so much admiration in his voice that I felt something get struck in my throat.

A wave of displeasure flowed out of my body causing Edus body to tremble and his previous admiration for his future queen was immediately pulled off.

"My apologies, Your Majesty. I was just immensely surprised by Lady's tactics and couldn't help but admire her. It was purely that of a servant to a master; hand on my heart, I have no other intentions whatsoever." He immediately clarified, shivering like a leaf.

Gritting my teeth, I forcefully gulped down the displeasure and asked him what exactly happened.

"It's like this Your Majesty, Milady already foresaw trouble coming from other family clans who were not in association with her so she asked the black cobra gang and the other gangs she was in partnership with to place a few spies in those family and ordered them to take care when they proved to be a danger for her."

Such a sly little fox!

Who would've thought that the coward little girl would have such a insightful and a crafty mind?

She actually thought about this long before and took precautions a very long time ago.

A smile rose on my lips thinking back to the petite woman who never ceased to surprise me at every turn.

"His people are already in the kingdom under disguise. Your Majesty, In time they shall reach her. Even if they do not know how she looks and what her identity is, her aura will surely draw them near."

"I know. Keep carrying on with your past tasks. The locket she is wearing will stub down her aura for now. Get back to cleaning the court off the useless and backstabbing Lords." With a small wave of my hand, I dismissed Edus and I returned back to the workshop.

A frown replaced my usual blank features when I think about working my butt off for that woman. I was royalty and a King; the most powerful man in all the realms. I had never worked like a laborer for anyone else.

This woman has such grand plans and unbelievably a perfectionist. From the day I started as a supervisor, she kept making things hard for me.

So much that I could hardly have time for my own plans.

Every simple finished tool that was taken to her for appreciation was rejected followed by series of flaws pointed at it. After having it enough, I had to take it in my own hands and produce the parts of the said Bicycle by myself.

I always thought - nay, I always knew I could make best weapon. My talent in metal arts was not something comparable to anyone.

My range was higher!

However, when I looked down at the chain links that keeps giving me sleepless nights, I couldn't help but use this to strangle someone with it.

This was fourteenth link chain that was rejected by her with the reason that the proportions are not right.

'Mister Aguelli, I presumed you were best at your job. However, why was your work not accordingly to the notes I gave you?'

'Mister Aguelli, however will a person be able to use pedals if they are so thin and sharp. This isn't a weapon. Are we trying to handicap people?'

'My Goodness, Mister Aguelli, if this is the weight of each part you make; the bicycle will need ten people to carry it.'

'You almost gave me a feeling of dealing with an emperor, Mister Aguelli. The spikes of the wheel are so grand and heavy that I think you placed importance on making a small camping gear within a bicycle.'

'You are such a funny man, Mister Aguelli. I really admire your humor sense. If the wheels are as high a one story building; are we also making ladders to climb it? Not a bad idea though, we can expand our business in this way.'

Damnation, over the past few days, I felt so bullied and aggravated that I wanted to strangle that woman.

I t almost - almost felt like she was doing it intentionally. This kind of behavior from her, I did not see towards anyone.

I nearly doubted she has some misgivings towards me.

However, I know that she a little tyrant and didn't know anything about my real identity. That was relief though.

So, the whole night, I personally saw through the task and spent all the time to make every single part from a small nail to link chain and the seating place of the said bicycle.

Having magical abilities in hand was a good thing. It took me only the whole night until the noon of next day to make the whole bicycle.

From making parts to assembling them, I did it all on my own not trusting the other workers ability. I have already their expertise which caused me to be mocked by Eblilis several times.

This time, I made everything all by myself so if this get finally approved, I could detail the others about the changes they have to work on.

I'm the most powerful king and yet I was mocked and ridiculed by Eblilis. I cannot forget the way she enjoyed every time I brought back a defected item. If one looked closely they could tell that she was expecting a defective item so she could talk as she wished.

I want to know... did I offend her somehow?

Maybe as Tzalmon, she hates me but as Vulcan Aguelli, am I not a complete stranger to her?

With an anticipated and heavy heart, I carefully packed the vehicle I made and carried it to the goods carriage and proceed to Treasure Palace.

An hour later, I was standing before Eblilis with my head bent a low in respect while sneaking glances at her. I paid attention to her expressions; every expression from a small frown, an unclear pout to a wolfish glint; I noticed every small change on her face.

Is she pleased with the result now?

God knows that I have never stood in front of someone waiting for an approval. Heck, I did not even have to seek approval for ascending the throne.

I was just born for it.

For the first time, someone was sitting before me while I was standing. This feeling... it's strange.

I saw her fair lean beautiful fingers trail over the object, stopping every now and then with serious contemplation.

"Milady -" I called out softly, eagerly waiting for her approval.

She did not look up at me and continued to check the thing called bicycle from top to bottom, front to back, every side in sitting, standing and bending postures.

And that when a small spark of a problem arouse inside me.

When she bent over the bicycle in front of me and was biting her lips with serious thinking, I felt hot.

Every inch inside me was starting to burn. Such a sudden wave of desire, I never experienced before.

I'm not a man who doesn't know secrets of a bedroom. I have my fair share of conquests.

Except, the kind of raging desire her sudden innocent action created inside me was... different.

"Mister Aguelli. Are you alright?" I was pulled out of my haze when I saw my son's mother raise an inquisitive brow at me.

How beautiful!

"You look - pained!"

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Tzalmon did not expect his plan to backfire. Isn't this an indirect slap on his face?

I think Acacia is amazing. Your views?

Why did Acacia behavior towards Aguelli change? Why is she mocking him so much?

She is really good at nagging. Isn't she?

Tzalmon, the silver spoon in mouth Emperor, feels bullied and disrespected. Do you think he deserves it?

Tzalmpn, for the first time, felt desire for her. Will he live to see his son grow up if Acacia finds out about it?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 57
**Acacia Point of View**

What happened to this man suddenly?

Wasn't he being too arrogant and confident just a few minutes ago?

Why does he look pained now? Heck, I didn't even start mocking him for him to give me this expression.

Ignoring his unusual behavior, I got on the bicycle and stepped on the pedals. Taking a deep breath of anticipation, I started pedaling and the bicycle moved forward smoothly without any hitch.

Going into the bustling living room, I shouted for everyone to get out of my way as I circled around the living room in the midst of gaping staff.

Although these people weren't terrified by my sudden commotion, they did seems extremely interested in the thing I was riding on.

I could see astonishment in the eyes of my staff, guards and even in the eyes of Azar who doesn't dare show any reaction to anything.

For about twenty minutes, I continued to test the bicycle inside the palace, in the lawn and out on the driveway on a pebbled path.

The quality of the wheels and their strength was good. It seems like even if the roads are not improved, the wheels can easily roll smoothly over rocky path.

I nodded in approval and finally stopped in front of Mrs. Leto, who was giving me a mix of looks from astonishment to displeasure.

Don't tell me these people don't allow women to ride a vehicle!

Nonetheless, it can be changed.

"Mister Aguelli" I called out and looked at the man who has been giving me rather unusual, if not the heated glances.

"I suggest you make a choice, Mister Aguelli." I said calmly, yet giving him a sharp smile.

"My apologies, Milady. I did not get your meaning." He shook his head as he broke out from his trance.

"I suggest you choose whether you want your eyes or not. If you love still seeing this world, then keep them away from me. If you are vexed with the mundane life, then I don't mind asking someone to pull out your eyeballs from your sockets."

I got down and pulled down the side stand to keep it in place. Moving back to where Mister Aguelli was, I raised my brow waiting for his answer.

"My apologies for the misunderstanding, Milady. I was merely astonished to see that the thing actually worked fine and how you could come up with such a brilliance innovation. How dare I have any scores on a noble lady like you." He said with a small bow to which I nodded curtly.

I don't believe it though. I saw desire in his eyes and somehow I know this person is not as simple as he looks.

The familiar feeling I get from him makes me vigilant towards him and one of the reasons for my strict behavior towards him was to test and see who exactly he is and what his motive might be for getting close to me.

"The brakes are not smoother. You better work on the brakes and oil the chain well. The seat is too hard and sloppy so give it a balance. Once these small changes are made, we can release it into the market." Without giving him another glance, I walked off inside, leaving Azar to take care of the further proceedings.

These days, while the bicycle was being made, I have been occupied with political affairs of the province and simultaneous giving my attention to my son.

With the whole load of work I have, I take Igses everywhere I go so as to miss the good time with him.

Apart from work what occupied me the most these days were books.

Those books that has been specially translated for me, I have been reading them and reading thirty over books I got the brief idea of how this world and this kingdom works.

That Jerk is indeed considered a deity and was an immortal. There were several books that consists the heroic knightly achievements of that Jerk and to tell that I absolutely hated to even look at the titles of those books was an understatement.

However, the books that gave me an insight about the geography, the rules and regulations, the customs and rituals and the culture surprised me to no end.

This kingdom is not just a male dominated society but here, male are considered beyond Gods and female lives are not even worth that of ants.

The headache I got after reading the code of behavior of being a woman was greater than migraine would give.

Moreover, men has not a single code to follow and can be however they want. Only I know how much I controlled myself from wanting to kill every male of this world.

But then again, it's only the matter of time before I, a female, shall climb to the position in future that can change all the things that displeased me.

And I also can take Igses from this damned place to my own world.

One step at a time... I reminded myself before I go ahead of myself with unnecessary overconfidence.

Sighing, I took out the book that I was reading these past few days and got indulged in it immediately.

It was about the geography and history of Oudad province that got translated just ten days ago and got into my hands with another bunch of other books.

After reading it for a few days, I got to know a lot about the province and why it was so special. According to the book, Oudad is calm and a scenic world of its own because this place has better life force than any other places in this kingdom and other kingdoms as well.

While I don't know what exactly life force means in their context, I do think that it was referred to how the atmosphere here is so unpolluted and full of vitality.

It was only after reading the book to the third did I realize that I have not visited several places and cluster of islands that are counted under the province.

Not only that but what got me intrigued was that no one knows clearly how Oudad came into existence and why is it the way it is. This territory, although calms mind and soul, have several mysteries attached to it.

Flipping to the last page, I closed the book once I completed it. Even though this book only gave me a brief insight, it still helped me think about what I should do next.

I stood up from the cushion and looked ahead at the high rows of book shelves and thousands of books and felt disgruntled.

Thousands of books but still the thing I wanted to know and search about was not there. I know that the Jerk controlled what books should reach me and what should not and my anger rose.

"How long will you keep information from me? One day, even though it is not close, one day in the future I will surely know what I ought to." I voiced out putting determination and extreme hate for him in my voice.

Every secret, every mystery should see light one day.

One day...

Yes, one day I will go back and meet my parents again.

Picking my now awaken son, I grunted before walking back to my bedroom. "Igses, look how big you've grown. Mamma is already unable to carry you for a longer time." I chuckled kissing his chubby cheeks and since I was on it, I also took a small bite of those cheeks.

"How can you be so adorable!" I said blowing berries on his cheeks causing Igses to laugh out loudly.

His laughter resonated though the place and a few nearby staff even came out to see the spectacle of my lovely son laughing.

No wonder why people change after having a taste of parenthood. There is no wealth or treasure greater than their child.

I was having a happy time with my lovely son and heavens already couldn't bear it so they decided to send trouble for me.

"Milady, Milady." Eelk called out from the living room on the ground floor and I could hear the panic in his voice right away.

Mrs. Leto hates if someone talks loudly and Eelk directly came in and started shouting for me. I wonder if Mrs. Leto remembers about the kimchi recipe I shared with her once and converts Eelk into one.

Handing Igses to Circe, I raced downstairs to see what caused Eelk to be so panicked.

"Commander, you ought to know that a person of good family does not talk out louder than necessary." Mrs. Leto was already lecturing Eelk which the later did not give heed to.

One look at Eelk, I understood immediately that something was wrong.

"Mrs. Leto, I'll take over from here. Please send some tea over to the sitting area." Sending off Mrs. Leto's displeased self, I turned to Eelk to ask what is wrong when he opened his mouth and answered it without asking.

"Milady, it's the Lord of Uplon and the Lord Dignitary of commandment -"
**
~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Did you think Acacia's life was going too smoothly these days? 

Don't worry, trouble knocked the door now. 

How will she get through this unknown trouble now?

Acacia is not a stupid to not see the desire in Aguelli's eyes. If he shows it for the second time, will he live to show the third time?

Tzalmon's world is too savage towards women. I hope Acacia teach a valuable lesson to everyone.

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 58
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"Lord Dignitary of commandment, you say." I mused revealing a smirk.

What is that nuisance of an old man doing here?

"Yes, Majesty. Do I send a missive to them to withdraw?" Edus asked ready to take action.

I shook my head when a thought struck me. This Dignitary old man is pretty nuisance to everyone and was one hell of a headache.

His arrogance was beyond his capabilities while his capabilities are beyond nothing. However, he has a very good grasp of law amendment of the kingdom.

If he was here, looking for Eblilis, then it must be because he was incited by other members of court.

"Not yet. Let's see how she gets out of this. No matter her political power in the province or her business, they are both growing rapidly in great pace with not much hurdles on her way. This might be a good opportunity to see her real prowess."

It will be interesting to watch the show. Either she falls or rises up, it only depends on her.

This woman has always had high ambitions, let's see how she copes up from the pit called Lord Dignitary of commandment.

Following the news about of how the two nuisance Lords are going to visit Oudad, I expected her to get diverted from the original track. Surprisingly, she did not give a fudge about the arrival of Lords and just continued to take charge of next step of her trade.

I, as Vulcan Aguelli, was the one to be dumped with most work. After the final adjustments of bicycle were finished, I was ordered to make three hundred of them as soon as possible. Along with the absurd orders, I received a sketch of an insignia from her.

It was five elements in a circle. Fire, water, wind, soil and lightening symbols were formed in a circle giving it an eye-catchy impact.

Said that this would be the brand logo of her trade and every item produced by them shall have this symbol made of a unique combination of minerals so as to prevent others from plagiarizing it or faking it.

While I busied myself with teaching the workers the exact process of making the bicycle and supervising them while they manufacture the bulk that was ordered, the two Lords quietly entered Oudad province and started investigating around about the changes.

Eblilis might not know but I know how difficult these two Lords can be given the province is now under the command of a woman.

A woman Lord was unheard of. Sooner or later, the news of Eblilis being an active controller of Oudad province will create storm.

Forget about others, even I don't believe she could preserve until the end even though she has some very good skills.

As a King of this Kingdom, I would be troubled by these few nosy Lords myself. Given how she was new here and has no much knowledge of how things go around here, he would not be be able to get out of this pithole.

Except, I want to see how long will she bear the pressure of these two Lords.

Seems like these following days would be rather interesting. It has been centuries that I looked forth so eagerly for a good show.

Exactly two weeks later, I received news that a judgment hall will be set up and Eblilis was sent a letter from the two Lords to attend.

Needless to say, what this judgment hall is set up for.

A judgment hall was an establishment where the power gather and political issues were discussed. Not only the discussion, it was also used to pass on judgments on a power lower than them when they find something unpleasant.

How much ever does it sound unfair, the lords and dignitaries does have that position to take such decision related to other provinces if the majority agrees.

I purposely reached the treasure Palace just in time when Eblilis, along with Azar and Eelk was about to leave for the judgment hall.

"What are you doing here?" Azar frowned and stopped me from closing near.

"Sir Azar, I am here with the report of the past week activities." I answered back gently but displeasure I felt by his tone enraged me.

If only I could tell him my identity, it would be easy to show him his place.

"Wasn't it due for tomorrow?" Eblilis asked while straightening her gown and smoothening the creases that were not there in the first place.

"Indeed it was, Milady. But I noticed few people looking into the workshop and following the activities of the workshop from a few days. After confirming that it wasn't my paranoia, I came to inform you."

I need to go with her to this judgment hall and watch the show clearly. Eblilis, don't disappoint me and take me too.

Her beautiful, delicate face showed a hint of understanding followed by a small smile.

That smile... although small, was beautiful.

How come she suddenly started to smile beautifully? In the past it was just mediocre.

Was it because she was happy here without me? That doesn't feel good to me though.

"I got it. I will look at the report after I get back. Give it to Mr. Letos." Saying, she started to walk away with Azar and Eelk.

"Please wait, Milady. If you are going to judgment hall then I must tag along as well." I speed walked after them after shoving the reports in Letos hands.

"Hm? Why must you?" Eelk asked and his tone was not as rude as Azar's

No wonder Eblilis finds this commander a better subordinate than others.

"It is like this; this morning I received an invitation from Lord Uplon asking for my attendance." I pulled out the small invitation scroll I received.

With how these two old men implement things, I knew very well that as a supervisor of the workshop, I would receive an invite as well.

And I couldn't be happier when I got it. I almost decided to take invisible form to tag along and watch the show but the invitation came just in time.

Eblilis pulled the scroll from hand and saw that it was written in our native language and frowned. With an unsatisfied scoff, she passed it to Eelk. After reading it Eelk confirmed about it and so she allowed me to tag along.

She got into the carriage along with Igses and Circe who came along in the last minute while we three men took a horse each.

The judgment hall was on the outskirts of the city and was an hour away from Treasure palace. An hour later, we stopped in the front of a medium sized building that is hosted for official purpose only.

We soon got down and walked inside and when I looked at Eblilis to see if she was nervous and if she was, I wanted to give her a word of courage.

Unexpectedly, she was calm and looked perfectly alright. Not to mention how she seem like she didn't care, I found it funny.

How come she has become so interesting suddenly?

She wasn't intriguing to this extent in the past. Why is it now?

What changed now?

Wordlessly, we stepped inside and soon a steward and a couple of guard lead us to the hall on the second story.

We were still a few steps away from the hall when a discussion involving multiple voices was heard. Eblilis stopped for a moment when one of the voices suggested that she was a disgrace to the fairer gender for doing trade and becoming the controller of Oudad.

Azar and Eelk glanced cautiously at her, almost trying to gauge her reaction to what we heard. When she displayed nothing on her face and continued to walk, their expression turned grave.

It almost looked like their worry was not for her but for those inside the hall.

But why?

It's not like they don't know those old men who mess everything and hold substantial power but why do I feel that these both are more worried for the lords instead?

"Such a disgrace. A woman who has a child was walking into men's swamp. It's a disgrace I tell you all. A disgrace to the whole women community." We heard when we were just out of the large door.

"Milady, please." The standing guard opened the door slowly while the steward announced our arrival.

Taking a deep breath, Eblilis straightened her back and held her head high as she stepped inside and we followed closely.

The loud discussion that was going on a moment ago was calmed down and pin drop silence spread. The Lords who gathered around showed no respect to her and just sat there as they looked at her with disdain.

The Lords were sitting in row on either side of the hall leaving no vacant seat for Eblilis. Noticing this, she whispered something in Eelk's ear. Eelk went out and soon got a huge chair for her and placed it at the head, in the middle of both the rows.

Everyone watched this happen silently and watched Eblilis walk to the head chair and take a seat.

"So, I heard there are some nosy people who got busy over my business. Let's begin the discussion and know what your problem is."

Sweet heavens, she was so fearless.

Gorgeous!
**
~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

A new trouble knocked on Eblilis door. Will she pass it through safely?

Is Acacia different from before or Tzalmon's view towards her changed?

No matter how unbearable he is, he is a tiny whiny bit amicable right?

Acacia is like a power house when she entered the judgment hall. I hope she bombs those old fart men under their seats.

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 59
**Acacia Point of View**

"Hmph, how arrogant." One of the men in the room hummed in disdain.

"Well, I have the resource to be arrogant." I shrugged casually. These men who were being so high and might turned grim after hearing what I said.

While, I did not miss the very slightly audible snicker that came from my side!

"I received your esteemed invitation. May I know what this is about?" I asked not wanting to waste any time.

These men might not have work to do but I have a lot on my plate. I need to launch my bicycles in a few days and the plans for further ventures should be made. If I sit around chatting with these useless me, when will I be successful?

"A woman should know the tone she should use on a superior." The old man sitting on the first chair to my right spat with an ugly face.

With a frown, I turned to Azar and he immediately said that the person who talked just now was called Lord of Uplon.

Ah, I see. Isn't he also the one who has been investigating me in the past few days.

"Indeed. Although you are ugly, since you look a lot feminine, why don't we shut our mouth together? The more the merrier." One of my best friends was best at giving retorts. Over years of growing up together, if I didn't even learn a hair of it, it's a shame to our friendship.

It must be either because they did not hear a woman talk like this before or there was none who talked to them like this before, they all looked clearly murderous.

I could clearly tell that the temperature in the room has increased by a notch or two. However, I'm not scared. The time anyone could scare me has passed and I cannot afford to be scared anymore.

"Do you think just because you are conferred as the Lord of a province, we do not dare to put you in a right place?" The one who spoke was a younger person. Almost a year or two younger than me.

"Hey, kid, why are you meddling yourself in adults business. Don't you have school to go? Also, what do you mean you want to put me in right place? You might still be muddled but the one who was in right place is me and those in the wrong place are you. Do not forget this is my territory and in here, I am the boss." Although I said it deliberately slowly, I maintained my tone and made it a gentle warning.

They wanted me to mind my tone so for now, why not?

The kid who got the reply from me froze in shock. Gaping at me almost as if I had snubbed something important of his.

"Now, will anyone tell me why I was invited cordially for this insulting ceremony?"

"Get down from your position; give it back to a capable man. Return all your business to the one who replace you." Are they not ashamed to talk like this with such straight face?

"And why should I? Give me one sensible reason." I smiled and leaned back on my chair.

"You are a woman and your place is in between the four walls of your residence. I have never seen such a shameless woman before." Shameless woman? Alright I will soon show you how shameless a woman can be.

You people really know how to touch my bottom line, don't you?

"Sensible reason I asked for old man. Where is sense in what you said?"

"This is sensible. A woman, that too, a mother will definitely not shame herself by walking on men's path. This is disgraceful. What do you know about business and politics that you dared to put your nose into it?"

"You must be Lord Dignitary of commandment, yes? The one who is responsible for looking over the order in the kingdom." I still maintained my usual calmness although I was quite enraged.

"That is yes. I am the Lord who looks after the commandment of the kingdom, next only to His Majesty."

"How great. Then you should know every clause, rule and decree that the kingdom has ever made."

"Indeed. My knowledge in the commandments was vast and thorough." He huffed haughtily.

"Then please tell me in which book of law did they stated that a woman cannot do business or should not be a part of political affairs."

The rosy pampered color on these useless men's faces paled. Of course they are stumped. I have read all the commandment books and there was no such rule or law mentioned anywhere.

"Is there a need to write it down anywhere? Women are not intelligent enough for the job. That was a fact." Some very smart person from the group replied back.

"Yes, return back the seal and learn to be a proper woman. Oudad shall be taken care of by a capable man."

"That's right. His Majesty only gave you the position in name, how can you act on it?"

This kind of shamelessness was new to me. I really learnt a lot today.

Initially, I want to tell them the importance of a woman but seeing how hard headed and stupid these people are, words cannot teach them a lesson.

"And that is why you resorted to investigate about me and create obstacles for my business. Don't think I don't know what you have all done these past few days. This is my territory and I have eyes everywhere."

These stupid people actually tried to make things hard for her and prove I was incapable of this position today. However, the moment I stepped into Oudad, I had already started placing few spies here and there and only Eelk knows about it. It was Eelk who is responsible for it.

Although I don't have a great information system, a few simple spies should be a good start to avoid trouble in the future.

"You knew?" Lord Dignitary gasped in surprise.

I mean, is it that surprising that I have my people lurking in shadows?

"Of course I do. I know how you tried to bribe the families I was collaborated with. I know how their refusal to your offer made such honorable men like you to threaten them with women from their families. How honorable of you. Didn't you threaten them to throw their family women in slave market?" I scoffed at them in disgust.

"Milady, how do you know all this?" Aguelli asked in surprise. There was also a very small hint of admiration in them.

Ah right, if he didn't talk, I nearly forgot he came.

"Do you think I'm stupid like them? When they can invite you with a plan of pressuring you to turn against me, can't I even interpret what their puny brains are thinking?" This time, Eelk did not stop himself from laughing out loudly.

Heck, even Azar had a small smile on his always serious face.

"I knew long before that I might encounter such mud headed people when I ascend to the position. A place where women were not honored and looked down upon, sooner or later, weeds like these spout out to spoil the harvest. So I have already assured the partnered families that they don't need to worry even if one day they were threatened." I continued.

I was not a strategist but this much, I can predict and plan easily. People who doesn't know how to respect others are the ones I hate the most and this batch of men had even threatened those good families with women in their families.

Despicable!

Truly despicable!

"So what? What will you do? Alone and also a woman, what can you do to us? We are high ranked dignitaries in Majesty's court." Seems like words really cannot teach them.

However, I came prepared.

I sighed and shook my head as I looked at each and every face who held ego, more than needed pride and abundance of cruelty.

"You people seems to learn the hard way then. Whatever you like." I shrugged and stood up from the chair.

Giving a glance to Eelk and Azar, I nodded my head to proceed with the plan. Aguelli looked at me curiously but I can't care to explain. He will witness it anyhow in a few minutes.

"What do you mean? Huh!" A few said together. Even their expressions are same.

"Nothing much. Azar, Eelk, block all the exits and throw a shield." I ordered and soon a powerful yet invisible shield surrounded us.

Walking to the middle of the chaotic hall and standing in the midst of the shouting and grumbling men, I calmly smiled at them.

"You know, when I heard over and over again that I am the only one who could break the curse, I thought for a very long time about it. I wondered why it is and what more can I do if I am such an important person to this kingdom. So I came up with a theory which I would like to see if it works or not."

Taking Igses from Circe's hands, I bellowed, "If I was really so important in reviving this kingdom, I want to know if have the power to take away all the magical powers from you all and make you all ordinary and weak human."

When I noticed that my words, my order was immediately answered by a strong gale surrounding those men and a part of their power was indeed gone, I was stunned myself.

"Only a small part but it really worked?"

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

This Kingdom of Tzalmon's really look down on women. They need a thorough restructuring.

The men who attend to judge Acacia and force her to step down from her position are rather stupid. Don't you think so?

Who want to beat these men to pulp? The words they said are truly disgusting to hear.

Acacia, what is she planning to do by stripping off them from their powers?

Does she really have that ability?

What is she planning to do next then?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 60
**Tzalmon Point of View**

She can do that?

My mouth went dry from shock for a second when I realized what she did. Eblilis just wished that the lot of men shall lose their powers and they indeed lost a part of it.

What was more astonishing was she came up with such a theory all by herself and even dared to try it out at such a critical moment.

My lips turned up lightly which I was trying to suppress when I looked at her proud grin. Her eyes were almost dangling out from joy and her beautiful set of teeth are out in display.

She's feeling extremely satisfied with the result, isn't she?

She was literally glowing like moon in the night sky.

"What - what is happening?" Lord Uplon shouted urgently as he tried to feel the heights of his powers and failed to do so to the full extent.

"Milady?" I acted along as well and stood behind her with a questioning glance.

However I was playing along, I want to know what she was up to as well. From what I was learning about her from a few recent months, this woman has a lot of ideas and tricks up her sleeve.

"Ah, Mister Aguelli, I should warn you to stand back not get yourself involved in this." She merely glanced at me for a fraction of second and turned her attention back to the people who were no hopping in anger, displeasure and helplessness.

"What have you done?" This time, it was Lord of Pazien who strode towards her with such a force that could make people below his power out of breath. Except, she wasn't even affected by my force, how can she care about puny force of this man?

"It's not done yet. You know, I always have a backup plan for the reason when my first plan may backfire. So, I'm not done with you all yet." Saying, with a very evident evil grin, she looked down into her arms at our son who was looking around calmly.

No, she isn't. Is she?

"Little man, I have to ask you for help here. Can you make their power disappear and make them into some ordinary human?" She looked down at our son with a soft motherly smile and the very next moment, as if the young fellow understood her, he giggled and babbled looking back his mother.

I did not understand what conversation was going on between the mother and son due; it's not like I understand the babbling language of a child. But it was soon clarified.

Those who only lost a small part of their power were then surrounded by huge ball of light. The light was blinding and lasted for good few moments before it dimmed and vanished finally.

The moment when the light vanished completely, the one powerful and arrogant Lords of the kingdom fell down with no amount of magical power in them.

I couldn't help but feel both envious and stunned at the chemistry between the mother and son duo. Even a blind can see how my son value his mother and to what extent.

Usually, a child of his age hardly has any power and force, however, this child was born with a force that can challenge mine.

To strip a group of people of their power is as easy as lifting his finger and the little boy looked as happy as he can when his mother looked down at him so lovingly and asked for his help.

The whole sequence... it make me feel my heart constricted.

I felt envious.

The group of lords who were now powerless and merely human, were struggling to make sense of the situation, at the same time trying to attack Eblilis.

Azar and Eelk were right by her side and were so good at their job that they did not even let a mosquito hurt her.

"Azar, Eelk, Tie them up and take them to the mining area. Don't you like threating people with their family and treat women like slaves? Then from tomorrow onwards, these honorable lords shall work as miners for daily wages. Azar, I'll leave their accommodation and contract signing to you. Ah right, do not let any of them escape and no message of them or from them should leave the premises."

To what she said, series of disagreements raised and many even tried to escape but with the shield Azar and Eelk placed, how can they.

Forget about the lords even Azar, Eelk and I were stunned with her plans for the lords.

She is...

I cannot say if she was good or bad. But the matter of making the highly lords do the mining for her was clearly slapping their faces along with mine as their King.

Azar and Eelk jerked out of their daze and soon escorted the bunch of lords to the mining area secretly and as for Eblilis, she along with our son and Circe returned back to Treasure Palace and I followed.

All through the way back, she was rather excited, so much that she actively laughed and played with our son freely.

"Now, tell me why were you there when you didn't even have anything to do?"

"I received an invitation, Milady. Didn't you see it?" I spoke although politely, she still frowned a little.

"Mister Aguelli, if the events today turned out in favor of the other party, what would you have done? Clearly you were invited to talk in their favor."

Where is she going with this?

I know, for some reason, even after putting on a good act, she still suspects me.

"I never knew my part for being invited, Milady. However, you are my superior and employer, how can I go against you? Not after I took a blood oath."

Her features slightly creased with a frown before she gave me a curt nod.

"Then I don't need to tell you what to do with the honorable lords who are now under your command." There was a hint of warning in her tone which surprisingly, I didn't mind.

"Naturally, Milady." With a small bow, the matter ended there and I stayed till evening until the weekly reports were signed and stamped.

By the time I was back to my sleeping cabin, it was already dark. Inside the house was Edus, who was waiting for me impatiently.

"What got you so edgy?"

"Majesty." He shot towards me and bowed before showing urgency on his face. "The Lords -"

"Manage the issue for me. We don't need to save them."

"But what about the other court officials. The lords that were captured by Milady are no small ranked people." I agree, they are no small ranked officials.

"Hmm, but this also might pose an advantage to us. No one will expect a small woman with no influence to capture those lords. In that case, she is safe. Did you find out that a couple of these lords were suspicious; let's take this chance in setting up a stage of for them." Edus eyes immediately glinted thoughtfully and when he understood my point, he nodded dutifully.

"However, Majesty, Milady was really brave to do what she did. That stunt of hers was both appalling and unexpected." There was hint of admiration in his voice that there wasn't in the past.

Unknowingly, my lips turned upside into a small smile too.

Indeed, it was unexpected. She played this well.

Very well!

"She expected troubles like this would knock her door one day or the other so from the minute she stepped into Oudad, she made simultaneously plans. I was expecting her to panic and fall deep into the pit but she made it out with victory. How interesting." A rare chuckle roared out of my throat.

"How is Gyles doing?"

"He got the rhythm of acting like Your Majesty and no one suspects anything yet." I hummed in satisfaction.

"The news about disappearance of the lords should not be linked to her. Make arrangements."

"As you command, Your Majesty." He said and then hesitated for a moment before continuing. "Majesty is encouraging Lady Acacia's business. I fail to see the purpose behind it, Your Majesty."

I raised my brow when he dare to question my motives but seeing how he was very curious, I shrugged before answering.

"Letting her grow isn't bad for two reasons."

"Two reasons?"

"Yes, one, I realized she isn't easy to be subdued and now with the love and protection of our son, it is nearly impossible. She doesn't belong here and is not a daughter of aristocrat family. However, if she was to become my queen in the future, this influence she was building is also good." Edus nodded in understanding.

"Two, infiltrating into our enemy's territory." I smirked as I took a swig of my drink.

"Infiltrating into enemy's territory? Your Majesty, you mean -"

"Those scums - Umbra Spirituum, The shadow spirits." I smirked down at his shocked state.

"Your Majesty, you mean use her influence to infiltrate into Shadow spirits territory? But are we not keeping her safe from them? Then how is it possible."

Usually, you were smart. What happened now, Edus?

"Who said she was going there. I will, in future, under her commands, to set up a branch of her business there."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Everyone shocked, Acacia rocked!

Your views on how Acacia dealt with the arrogant high and mighty lords?

Tzalmon was envious of Eblilis and their son's bonding. Well, I want to say, serves him right!

She really knows how to deal with them, doesn't she?

Tzalmon always looks for his own benefits in everything. He is ------

Will Acacia ever accepts to be his wife and queen? Tzalmon doesn't deserve her.

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 61
**Acacia Point of View**

"My apologies, Milady but I did not get your meaning." For the first time in months of us knowing Azar, this is the longest he spoke.

Not to forget, he even spoke dumbly.

"Azar, what is there to not understand? We are doing a huge promotional activity at the launching ceremony of our Dawn Bicycles."

"What is a promotional activity?" Azar asked curiously as if I spoke in an alien language.

Advantages of having a business operation in this kingdom were the production was alarmingly fast due to their magical powers and all the most common things in my world are mind blowing inventions here.

Disadvantage was these people don't know basics of conducting trade but they still have their eyes high up in another galaxy.

I shook my head in disbelief and looked at Eelk, who took the hint and proceeded to explain with a proud smirk.

"Sir Azar, you don't even know what a promotional activity is? Let me tell you what it is. It is an activity conducted to introduce our goods to the public and also a medium for capitalist to meet and make connections with customers and potentials for the future." Ah, the very negligibly seen competition between Eelk and Azar was always fun to watch.

Don't know when it started and how, but these two are a little childish when it comes to compositing against each other to see who is more capable and reliable to be my subordinate.

Eelk, for him to show this side of him was nothing unexpected but Azar; why would he lower his proud nose full of male ego air to be a reliable person to me?

Azar snorted almost inaudibly and turned his glare towards Eelk and said he knew that much and doesn't need Eelk to tell him something so simple.

"Alright now, both of you stop fighting. The invitations are ready, so get the list of guests from Mr. Letos and send them along with the small gift we prepared." I waved my hands off for them to make a move and get the work at hand done.

Now that the launching was getting nearer, the tasks to complete have piled into a huge mountain. No matter how many of us are on it, the pile just seems to not decrease.

Dawn Incorporation.

This is the name that I dream of making everyone know. Even a child of one year old should know what Dawn Incorporation is.

Although I started it with two wheel automobiles, I have an idea to spread the wings of Dawn into other business opportunities as well.

In time...

Slowly, one step at a time, I will.

The people from these kingdom, I don't trust their judgment. Now, they take Igses as their prince but in future who know how many would rebel against him because he came out from a human womb.

I do have plans on escaping this place with Igses but who knows what future holds for us. If someone told me I would be imprisoned and stuck here a couple of years ago, I would've even laughed in my dreams.

Since future is not predictable, not only for myself but to give Igses a strong backing, I need to make Dawn Incorporation the best everywhere.

Dawn will be the kingdom that will be started by me, extended and handled by Igses in future.

A kingdom of his own.

Where no one can judge him nor can anyone have unconstructive effect on him.

My little man will, should and deserves to live a life of freedom with only necessary ethics holding him back and nothing or no one else.

"Igses, my little man, you should grow up freely and have a good life." I bent over the crib and kissed his waving hand. "Don't worry; mamma will give you right platform so you can build yourself. One day, if we couldn't escape this place and realize we are stuck here forever, we don't have to live in the discerning eyes of hypocrisy."

I rubbed my nose over his small palm and relaxed a bit when his baby scent wafted in my nose.

As if he understood every alphabet I spoke, he hum-sang with a fierce determination in his eyes and an assurance on his lips.

"Good. Let's get Mrs. Leto to get you some beautiful clothes for the launching event. After all, my Igses is also the main person there." Saying, I blew berries on his stomach causing him to laugh out loudly.

His laugh was enough to calm my nerves, seriously.

He is the most unexpected but also most treasured gift I was given.

The next day, Mrs. Leto brought dozens of clothing material with different designs to make clothes for Igses. Since I have no idea how to stitch, Mrs. Leto and a couple of her assistances shall do that for me.

I didn't want readymade clothes or clothes made by outsiders for Igses for now so Mrs. Leto thankfully said she was a great seamstress.

As for me, they got a team of famous seamstress to make some casual and party gowns.

Days went by so fast that I did not even realize twenty days passed by just in a blink. The arrangements for the launching ceremony were nearly done.

The arena was set, the decoration and sitting arrangements were done. The food shall make the guests go crazy.

And last but not the least, the purchase and pre-order slots were orderly set up by Mister Aguelli and his assistant.

"How's it going with the guests resting place?" I asked Eelk when I saw him speed walking around with lots on his plate to do.

"Extra tents were arranged as per your orders, Milady. Everything in the resting area was going well. The refreshments and snacks were already given."

Thanks to Circe looking after Igses, I was able to run about the whole palace like my tail was on fire.

"Is Azar already there entertaining the guests?"

"Yes, Milady. Mister Aguelli is also at the ceremony arena and was doing a good job in controlling the crowd."

That's great.

"Milady, you have you calm your heart and relax. Drink this and calm yourself. We will do everything for you." Mrs. Leto came just in time with one of her bitter soups to calm by racing and anxious heart.

However, what she said warmed my heart and calmed me even without drinking that bitter drink. Wordlessly, I drank the soup since I know complaints will never work with her.

She can even force the liquid down my throat if necessary.

"Mrs. Leto, the food."

"Food was made under my supervision and as per your orders and recipes. I've already tasted everything so the lunch banquet will fascinate people's taste buds."

Wonderful!

"Thank you, Mrs. Leto. Whatever am I going to do without you all?" How such an indifferent person changed into a warm aunt!

"Wait, why aren't you ready yet?" I held her hands and looked at her simple daily wear with an apron over it.

"Milady, what am I going to do there? Letos is already going over." She said in a low tone with a small rare smile.

"What do you mean by that? Mr. Letos is Mr. Letos and you are you. Of course you should come with us. Go and change into the new gown prepared for you. We have to leave in few minutes, Mrs. Leto. Hurry." I clapped and pushed her inside and forced her to change into new set of clothes.

Half an hour later, we are all ready to leave for the arena where the launching ceremony was being held. I already got the report that most of the invited guests along with their family were already there.

Igses was in upgraded pram where he was looking around and moving his limbs as excited as I was.

He knew it was a big day for me, doesn't he?

Of course he knows. Look how happy and excited he is.

Soon we reached the arena and the first thing that we saw was how packed it was. Such huge arena of close to four acres was packed to brim.

Looks like those who are uninvited but expected to still attend are here.

A dozen bicycles were placed in different places to give the guests an opportunity to study them. By the side of every such display bicycle were a large bunch of well dressed people laughing and discussing about the small vehicle.

Two employees stood by each display bicycle to make sure the vehicle was not touched and tested before prepared time.

Mister Aguelli and his assistant were going around greeting people politely and giving them brief answers to their questions.

A huge stage was set up in the middle of the arena and the sitting area for the guests was around it.

The moment I stepped in the arena, a guard there announced my arrival and the bustling noisy grounds stilled in silence.

Head held high, with a confident smile, I pushed the pram and walked towards the dais while greeting those on the way.

I felt curious and surprised eyes on me and the small movable box I was pushing. From my peripheral view I noticed that there were a handful of families who brought along their babies as well and the little ones were either held by the family members or the nanny.

The pleasant surprise and envy in their eyes was exactly what I was looking for and to say the pram project I would be launching soon will have ravenous demand can be considered an understatement.

"Eelk, this is how you also promote your next product without even expending to promote." I whispered and walked to the chair arranged for me on the dais.

With an elegant gentle and a confident smile, a sharp gaze and a dominant bearing, I addressed the audience in a loud resonating tone.

"Ladies, Gentlemen and our dearest little adorable guests; welcome to Dawn Incorporation commencing and launching ceremony."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Finally the day to introduce and commence Dawn Incorporation business was here. Your views?

A society where a working woman was frowned upon, will this ceremony end without any hurdles?

Difference between Tzalmon and Acacia's view of their son?

Acacia wanted to create a ground where Igses could grow up and live happily despite others approval.

Her desire to grow her business and make a more dominant kingdom than any other just for herself and her son; was it greed or a normal goal to have good life?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 62
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"Please everyone, have a seat and enjoy the refreshments while I do all the talking." She joked and waved her hand at the group of servants to serve refreshments for the guests.

On the dais, other than herself and Igses, there was no other accompanying her or helping her in her speech. She explicitly assured that she can handle the speech by herself and need no assistance.

While we, I, Azar, Eelk and the other close and direct subordinates to her stood a step below.

The crowd calmed down and gave her the full attention which was rather surprising.

For such high profiled men to wait and listen to a woman was highly demeaning and below their status quo.

For such people to give her a listening ear was both surprising and suspicious.

"When I was a child, I once dreamt of a story. There was a vast area of grasslands surrounded by forest." She started with a smile, garnering the attention of everyone.

This woman... what is she doing?

Is this a story telling time?

"There was a young couple who were traveling came to a halt to take few minutes of rest by a tall apple tree. After resting for a while, they realized they don't have enough food. Fortunately they were sitting near an apple tree so they planned to get few apples to eat then and pack them for future. However the branches of the tree were rather high." She said sighing in despair.

By now, every single person, from servant to guests, were immersed in the story. Forget about others, even I found her rather charming when she starting narrating a story with such interesting tones modulations.

"They tried hard to pluck apples but couldn't even get one apple. After trying for a long time, they flopped down on the grass from exhaustion. When they flopped down, both of them saw a fallen apple not far from them. It was a big red juicy apple that could satisfy their hunger. However, there was only one apple and two people. Both of them ran to the apple and took it at the same time; both telling each other that they were the first one to touch it so it should belong to them."

"The man said that he was a man and her husband so he has the right to take the apple while the woman said that she was a woman and his wife so he should be a gentleman and give the apple to her. Tell me, who should get the apple?" She suddenly asked glancing at the attentive crowd.

The crowd who were listening to her intently started to give out their answers one after the other.

"Of course, as a superior and as the head of the household, the man should get to eat."

"A man earns livelihood for the family. Isn't it given that the man should have the apple?"

"Man should eat it."

"Why, man should have it."

"Why show courtesy in the face of hunger death? If he ate it and was alive, he can take another wife. What if he was dead then who will look after his family and earn for the family?"

Several similar answers flowed for a while. The calm and serene look on Eblilis face did not change however.

I thought she was a woman activist, how come she did not mind such comments?

It's not like her!

"So you all say the man should have it and if his wife died from hunger, he can marry another woman." She asked silencing everyone. "Alright, I heard answers from men. What about ladies here, don't you want to say anything? Who should get the apple?"

The ladies in the gathering paled when they were asked to comment and express their views. Women are not allowed to get involved in public discussions nor do they have knowledge of these matters. When they were suddenly asked the question, all the ladies lowered their heads anxiously and started to shiver at the attention.

"Please do not feel pressured. Feel free to share your views on this. This is just a casual discussion and no answer is a right answer or wrong answer. Gentleman, I implore you keep a broad mind when ladies from your family speaks up." She said soothingly with a smile, lulling people in to her web of words gracefully.

Men who came with their families nodded curtly, giving permission to them speak; alniet reluctantly.

"Without husband, how can wife live? I think husband should eat the apple."

"Woman was just a puny character in game, how can she have a right to compete with a man?"

Replies supporting men came from ladies in the gathering. Still, the calm and gentle smile did not vanish from Eblilis lips.

How gorgeous!

I felt that this certain look of hers, so serene and graceful, was quite charming.

Why am I finding her pleasing to eyes and heart so suddenly?

"Tell us, Lady Dawn, what happened next? Who ate the apple?" Someone from the crowd asked.

"Alright. Both the husband and wife bickered about who was more eligible to have the apple. Husband said, he was a man of responsibilities so he should live a long life to carry them. Wife said she was human as well and she has her own responsibilities to carry out so she should eat. Husband said he should live so he can sire heirs and extend the family to next generations. Wife said no matter it was her or another woman, if it wasn't for them he cannot have a chance to have heirs because it was a woman who painstakingly carry and give birth even risking their own lives so a woman is more important than a man so she should have the apple."

"Both of them bickered for quite some time until they heard a such voice of someone interrupting them. The voice said 'both of you are not eligible to get my fruit. Leave immediately'.'" She changed her tone to a much rougher one when she said the words the third person said.

"Was it the tree?" Someone from the crowd exclaimed.

"Indeed." Eblilis smiled at the crowd. "The tree who has been watching the scene from the beginning lost its patience and spoke finally. The couple couldn't take the rejection and asked the tree why they aren't eligible. Husband said to the tree that he was a male as well so he should give the fruit to him. Wife asked the tree that the fruit was the result of flower and flower was a female so she should get it. But the tree was adamant in not allowing any of them to have the apple. When the couple asked why he was being so mean with just one apple, guess what the tree said."

None spoke. Everyone's eyes were stuck to her and ears open to hear the story. They were so involved in the story that I didn't even hear the sound of their breathing.

"The tree said 'I am not a male, not a female, not higher nor lower, not superior nor inferior, not the cause not the effect. I am my own world and the male and female you both are talking about are a part of me. If I lose one branch, I can grow it back but if I lose the ability to produce flowers and fruits, I have no use for you people. Without flower, the fruit cannot grow, without fruit, the next tree cannot grow. Everything is interdependent and every leaf, every root of mine is important. If you both wished, you could've shared the fruit with each other but one was feeling superior over the other while other has no stand of her own beside quarreling. In that case, this fruit will not go to either of you."

This little fox!

She does have way with her words. Even I was mesmerized by her. Every word she said caused a ripple in my heart.

As if, her smiling words slapped everyone here, the crowd has different emotions playing on their faces.

"The moment I woke up from my dream, I decided that one day, I will have my own place in this world. I will be just me and no one else possession. I breathe for myself. I eat and drink to keep my own life. My life is as important to me as the King of this empire's life is important to him. Both of us came to this world on our own purpose have our own life to live. That day I realized that I want to live in a world that the tree has talked about. Not superior over any kind nor inferior to any. I am me and I live for myself."

What a powerful way to convince crowd. Emotional and realistic, not supporting any one side, yet affecting both parties to her will.

How powerful her simple words are.

"I am Lady Dawn and I welcome you all to witness, support and be a part of this joyous ceremony of commencing of Dawn Incorporation and launching of our first product. The piece of metal that the bicycle was made of was no male or female. So I present 'Bicycle' a two wheel vehicle for shorter and feasible trips -"

"For everyone!"

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Didn't Acacia gave a bang of a speech?

Who liked Acacia's speech?

Who didn't like her speech?

She has way with her words, doesn't she?

She truly has ability to be a great businesswoman. She hit two birds with one stone. Your views?

Tzalmon was smitten for the story she told and the speech she gave. Your views?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 63
**Acacia Point of View**

"How was it?"

"It was neat, Milady. I say, they were enthralled by your words." Mrs. Leto praises.

I released a sigh when I heard her. For now, it doesn't matter if they took my words seriously or not because if change can happen with few simple words, this kingdom wouldn't have turned out to be in this way.

For now, if my words can enthrall them temporarily, enough to make them purchase my company products then that is already good.

The servicemen who were appointed to show people how to ride a bicycle were busy explaining how to operate and ride it.

Some people seemed to be interested in the invention itself while some were glad that there was a simple vehicle to carry them around for short distances.

The small basket that was attached in the front of the bicycle to contain the rider's belongings impressed them.

Thankfully, there was mostly positive response.

While there were a few who were either neutral or did not prefer to consider buying something a woman has designed and sold; I didn't follow up on them much.

Something that I learnt before and that has been confirmed after coming to this place was, 'Success speaks everything'.

"Lady Dawn, it was pleasure to meet the person behind such marvelous invention." A gentleman of mid thirties bowed lightly with a smile.

I looked at him with a smile and waited for Azar to tell me who this person was. "Milady, he is Mister Myx Ranas, from the land of Gnolls and the heir of one of the esteemed families of that kingdom."

Land of Gnolls?

Those Hyena like people that usually seen in old literature and games?

They are real?

Aren't they said to be extremely cunning and ruthless?

But then again, looking at how peacefully he was smiling down at me, I got the answer.

They are indeed not simple.

So I played my part well and responded back with a smile of same kind and gave him a friendly nod.

"Mister Ranas, it is very nice to meet you. You must be here on a vacation yes?" I asked.

Myx Ranas grinned brightly, like a hyena getting ready to snatch something. "Indeed. However, I never thought there was a woman who came out to be merchant and set up her own business. Your invention truly impressed me."

"Thank you, Mister Ranas. I hope your time here was a pleasant one and you enjoy your vacation well. Our Oudad is still undergoing great changes so I ask you to visit again a couple years later to experience a new side of Oudad." With a simple smile and a small nod, I left after I said what I wanted.

After walking a few measures away from him, I turned to Azar to ask how people from Land of Gnoll are.

"They are cunning and ruthless, Milady. They are known for their aggressive attitude. It is better to keep less interaction with them when we do not know how and what they are like."

"Hmm, when this Ranas guy comes for a appointment to meet me, give him an appointment for fifteen minutes"

"'When' and not 'if'? Are you that sure he would come knocking the door to meet you?" He exclaimed curiously.

"You said it yourself that they are cunning by nature. One thing that any cunning creature has is curiosity. They love to snoop around when they find something new. He will come knocking our palace door soon. If we think and act out correctly, we might as well pave a safe path of more business in future."

"But they are evil minded, Milady."

"I guessed that well. However, if we don't see and talk to them, we don't know if we can handle them in future or not."

By the end of banquet it was already night. I met many people, spoke to many and gained a lot of information.

With the help of my partners from several renowned families from Oudad, having showrooms for the selling the products in Oudad was an easier process.

To those partners, one bicycle for family was given as an act of both promotion and gratitude.

Not only did bicycle have the attention of many, the baby pram also garnered good attention. Many with kids approached to know more about the convenient wheeled compartment for kids.

I've already gave instruction to Aguelli and servicemen to tell the people who were interested in prams should place a pre-order first. This way, the hype for prams will be created before they are available in showrooms.

With everything on right track, I had a good sleep that night. I was happy and contend with how things were proceeding.

The next few days, Oudad roared with the gossips of Dawn incorporation. Many were curious and interested about the company and the small vehicle we released into the market.

The next few days after the launching ceremony were packed with loads of work. I hardly had some free time to breath freely and so does others working for me.

"The sales were rather slow, Milady. Only thirty four bicycles were sold all over Oudad in the last three weeks." Sales executive shared the reports.

"Not a problem. This is a new concept for people so it will take time for them to accept a new invention. There is no hurry." I nodded as I read the compilation of the sales report of all the showrooms.

When I asked Azar to find me a sales executive, a PR executive, a finance executive, HR executive and an operations executive, he was stumped by the new terminology he heard.

To them there are accountants and general managers along with shopkeepers who handle every aspect of a business. However without a proper order, there are more chances to internal scams so I insisted we have these departments to make everything clear.

"How many orders for prams did we have till today?"

"Surprisingly, the orders for prams were quite higher than expected, Milady. There are a hundred and eleven orders from all over Oudad. Not only from Oudad, but we have people from other province who visited Oudad to specially place orders for baby prams. From other provinces, we have forty orders."

Not surprising to me. I had expected that baby prams will receive higher attention than bicycles. However, I know for a fact that bicycles will have great sales too. Only, it is ought to start off slow.

"Then I will leave it to you to handle this. Have a meeting with other departments to cooperate and compile all the records."

"Yes, Milady." After he left I asked someone to call Eelk and soon he arrived.

Now that my business was setup, it was time I think of next step in developing Oudad. Now that the Union has been up and working as per the rules, the management of handling tourists and visitors has become easy and profitable.

"Eelk, It's time to take our next step. Did you find a suitable island for it?"

"Yes, Milady. It was a medium sized stable island and good for the park you were planning." Eelk spoke quite happily.

He was once very serious but now he only speaks with a smile. This guy changed a lot over few months.

"It's not that kind of park, Eelk. It's called Extreme activities zone. Anyway, just start preparations for that."

"Yes, Milady. Right away. Also, there is a Mister Ranas who asked to meet you and was waiting for you in the receiving hall."

Ah, he is indeed here.

"Bring him here." He came three weeks after the ceremony which means either he was looking into my background or he was contacting his people or both.

Tapping my fingers on the desk, I waited for Eelk to bring this Ranas guy over. In the short period of time, I thought of many reason he would want to meet me.

In these past few days, I myself learnt a lot about Gnoll people and came to know that they can't be trusted at all.

They are crafty and turn white to black with a flick of finger. I came to know that these Gnolls love poking their nose in other people's business.

Now, I want to know what this Ranas guy want from me. It can't be a simple curiosity that led him here. That much, I know.

"Milady, Mister Ranas is here." Eelk brought him inside.

"I nodded and asked the both to take a seat. Right after they took their seats, a maidservant got us some tea and snacks to which Mister Ranas raised an eyebrow with a sly smile.

"Mister Ranas, to what do I owe a visit from you?" I cut to the chase and asked directly.

"Lady Dawn, pleased to meet you again. I was just curious of the only female merchant I ever came across. My family runs some business too so came to exchange pointers." I smiled at his nonchalant behavior and shrugged.

"That can't be the only think you are here for. Is it not?" I asked looking into evidently sly eyes.

"Indeed as expected from a very intelligent woman. I was actually wondering how a simple human became a merchant on a mystical realm as this."

This time, my smile wavered a little and shock stuck me for a moment.

How did he know?

The locket from Jerk was supposed to cover it up. Is it not?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

This Myx Ranas, is he a good or a bad Gnoll?

Acacia seems happy to have loads of work in her hands.

Finally, her company was setup and it started off slow. But I think it will gradually go to new heights.

Oh my, Myx Ranas knows? He knows she is a human?

How does he know and why was he there to meet her?

Was he there with ill intentions?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 64
**Acacia Point of View**

"So you are here to test me."

I continued to keep my smile and composure while I'm anything but calm inside. Panic is not the way out now so I can only collect myself and deal tactfully with this matter.

"You got me wrong, Milady. How am I capable of testing you? I was just curious." Myx Ranas was one sly bastard.

His words, his eyes and his intentions were all going in different directions.

Blinking innocently, I leaned back on my chair and studied him with a gentle smile like a Lady I was. "Then I must've got you wrong indeed. Please do tell me how you found out about me."

Eelk, who was sitting beside Myx Ranas was already ready to attack at any time. The moment he heard the word 'human' from Ranas' mouth, he prepared himself to strangle him at convenience at any moment.

"My race may not be as powerful as Dr'helellis but we have a strength that excels other races; we can see through most of the armors." He chuckled lightly as if he was just talking about weather.

This Jerk is indeed useless. He gave me a broken locket and assured that it would cover up humanness.

Even a certain small merchant bastard could guess my identity. Say, this Jerk, is he really as powerful as he boasted?

"It must not be just because you could see through the armors and shields, is it? You have something else on you that confirmed your guess." I narrowed my eyes waiting for his reply.

"Indeed a smart woman. I guessed you might be a human because I saw these bicycles from your world." Hmm?

"You saw the bicycles? You saw them in mystical world?" Someone else was already ahead of me?

"No, I saw them in your world when I sneaked out on a visit." I froze hearing those words.

It was as if thunder and lightning struck me.

"You went there before?" The calm composure slowly disappeared and serious air surrounded us.

"Yes. Although some races are not allowed to set foot on human world, we do find some loopholes in the rules and sneak out. As long as a catastrophe does not take place due to our visit, it was still fine to just go and take a look." He spoke casually and he looked at me knowingly as if he was giving me the answer I was looking for.

And yes, I was looking for this.

I wanted to know how to escape from here. Now, I realized that there is a way to get out of here; I felt my heart drummed faster than usual.

Suddenly my mind got clear and my doubtful gaze knocked him. "You are telling me this; there must be a motive of your own."

Now that I think about it, this conversation was pretty suspicious from the very beginning.

"Absolutely not, Lady Dawn. Why would feel so?" He sounded offended and very sincere but am I fool to take his words seriously.

"You knew I was a human so you must have also guessed the back story of my stay here. More or less, you knew my predicament. You casually gave me a hope, telling me there are ways to get back to my world. Tell me, if you don't have a motive, then are you just casually out of good heart saying these things to me?"

"Not bad. Do you want to get back to your world?"

"What is in it for you?"

"Out of good heart?"

"The truth, Mister Ranas. The truth." Out of good heart? The heck?

"Milady, we don't have to listen to him." Eelk said hurriedly.

"I want to." I gave Eelk a look telling him to keep quiet and turned my attention back to Ranas. "Why do you want me to go back?"

Myx Ranas, from the start maintained his nonchalant posture, not scared that he is in another territory and might not leave here alive if spoken wrong.

What is his motive really?

"What you came for was already achieved. Why stay here and waste your life? Your world has the freedom that we lack. Women from your world are respected and treated as equals while here, you will only be looked down. No matter how much you strive here, you will not be accepted completely. Why waste your skills here?"

I nodded to his reasoning and gave him the impression that what he said was absolutely right.

"So you know a way to send me back?" I frowned.

"I do." He nodded with a very small hint of excitement in his eyes.

"Tell me about it." I asked giving Eelk a warning glare when he tried to cut the conversation.

"You are not ready yet to cross the portal."

"And why is that?"

"Because a part of your task is not done yet. Unless it is done, you cannot leave from here."

My eyes moved to Eelk and saw that the always calm man was now raging like an active volcano. If looks could kill, then Myx Ranas would have even lost the chance of reincarnation.

"Myx Ranas, you do know that Eelk here is under the command of his King and what we talked will reach his ears even before you leave this room. With what confidence are you telling all these in front of him?"

What the hell does this man want?

He dared to suggest the idea of helping me escape back to my world in front of Jerk's subject. Where does his confidence come from?

"Of course I know he is as much loyal to you as he is to His Majesty. If you want him, he will not let a word out."

"You did your homework, I see. Alright, let's hear about this task you were talking about."

"There is another side where the curse is not lifted completely. If you could -"

"That's enough." Eelk did not let Ranas finish and punched him.

Only, the punch did not land on him. Eelk's hand went through his body without even touching a hair of Ranas.

"Image. You used an image?" Eelk gritted and was getting ready to attack Ranas again when Ranas took out a small pebble like thing from his pocket and threw it towards Eelk.

The pebble turned into powder when it reached Eelk and before Eelk could do anything, he inhaled the powder and fell down unconscious.

"No wonder you dared to come here. It seems it is not really you in person but just an image of yours." I said looking down at Eelk's unconscious body.

"He will be alright when he wakes up. He will not remember this conversation though." Ranas Shrugged and looked at me slightly surprised.

Maybe, surprised that I did not react as he expected me to.

"Whatever this other side that was still partly under curse must be a group that doesn't see eye to eye with this kingdom. Did I guess it right?"

"No wonder His Majesty couldn't keep up with you, Lady Dawn. You are brilliant. If you completely break the curse then they will send you back to your world." I scoffed at his words.

"However I don't understand the benefits you get in helping the other group. You are clearly a citizen of another race, why are you so keen on a small group that are still partially under curse? It doesn't make sense."

"You only need to know that the way out of here is on the other side of the kingdom. The shadow Spirits, that is what you call that group and unlike Tzalmon Ebernus, the commander of Shadow spirits is a good man. He will not lock you up here."

With those few words, he walked out the way he came from without even looking back.

My eyes locked on him until he got out of my sight. Only then did I took a deep breath of relief.

The shadow spirits.

Who are these shadow spirits and how are they linked to Jerk and his race?

Are they like rebels that every kingdom have usually?

Why would a person from completely different kingdom would come and talk for this small group of shadow spirits?

"Will you help the shadow spirits?" A sudden familiar voice scared me out of my skin. My trance was broke and I jumped in surprise when I heard him.

"Mister Aguelli, you scared me. What are you doing here?" I patted my chest in an attempt to calm myself.

"Did you forget Milady? You asked me to come for discussion about production of next batch." He said and that was when I remembered that I indeed set this time for a small discussion.

I totally forgot about it.

Wait...

"You eavesdropped and even Eelk couldn't detect you? Where and how were you hiding?" I narrowed my eyes at him and scowled when I realized that this normal looking man has an ability to conceal himself from Eelk and Ranas.

Isn't he just a poor man who only has some ability in smiting?

"When commander Eelk came down to escort Mister Ranas, he asked me to stay attentive, hide and come out if and when needed, Milady. So are you going to help the shadow spirits?"

Eelk asked him to stand guard?

He trusted this man with the job?

When he asked the last question, his voice held a kind of power that I did not hear before. Even though he tried to conceal it, I could detect a pinch of it.

"So what if I do and what if I don't?"

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Ranas is from Gnoll race, right? Why is he here to talk on behalf of the rival group?

Myx Ranas is from Shadow spirits group? He is a supporter of that group?

Did shadow spirits clan know about Acacia's location already?

Isn't Tzalmon always close to Acacia, then how come he did not detect that his rival sent someone near her?

Is shadow spirits group as good as Ranas said?

Will Acacia help them and choose to get back to her world?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 65
**Tzalmon Point of View**

Myx Ranas!

That worthless Gnoll!

So he is the one who came to speak for those scums!

However, if he knows about Eblilis and her identity, so does shadow spirits surely. I've been careful, very cautious in concealing everything about her and cover up her as normal Dr'helellis. If they knew about her now, my preparations lacked or there was someone else close to me that work for the other side.

If one can approach her then so does others and many more.

"Milady, those people are not to be trusted. They are bad." Bad, is a very small word to describe those scums. They are absolutely dirt.

"Hmm. Okay." She brushed off my warning casually and pointed towards unconscious Eelk on the floor. "Help him to his room."

"I'm serious, Milady. If you help shadow spirits then everyone will be in trouble." I stressed on the issue so she can keep other thoughts away.

"Mister Aguelli, let me ask you something." She looked up at me with curiosity. "You have been working for me for several months now, what kind of a person do you think am I?"

I stared at her blankly but inside my heart a volcano was close to erupt. I cannot let her anywhere near those scums but what if she choose to go to them by herself?

"Unlike other ladies, you are smart and determined, Milady." I added briefly.

"Then you must also know that I am not a fool. Just because someone came and told me something, I will not do anything impulsive. Even what Mister Ranas said was true, until I know complete story behind this, I will not go to anyone. Not when I have my son to look after."

Not a fool, after all.

But just the thought of her near that man or any man in general caused a ripples of aggravation in my heart. Indeed she is not a fool to believe that Gnoll but she still has thoughts of escaping this land.

How am I to cut off that idea from her mind forever?

I cannot let her leave... for my kingdom.

I cannot let her leave... for -

For - our son!

"The shadow spirits are not the people you can take lightly, Milady. I know it is not my place to say this but they are absolutely someone you should not trifle with. They might appear genuine but in the inside they are rotten." She nodded in response and did not say anything.

I then understood that I do not know this woman completely.

Whenever I thought I figured her out, something new pops up that throws me into thinking if what I know and understood was all true and enough.

She clearly hates me as Tzalmon and would do anything to go back to her own world along with my son. But now, it seems like she is quite sensible when it comes to weighing situations and making decisions.

I can now tell that no matter how much she wants to get out of my land, she still swallowed the desire and walked on a rational path.

From a girl who was easily scared and weep to a lady who can handle herself well and think better than any normal man, I do not wonder anymore why destiny has chosen her for this kingdom.

For - me!

With a secret smile, I threw unconscious Eelk in the guest room and went back to her office room to give her the requested preorder list.

"The preorders for baby prams are increasing in great speed, Milady. Making prams are easier and less time taking than bicycles so we can make more than ordered in the required time." I reported.

I still cannot believe the day of launching ceremony that she handled it so smoothly and efficiently. She literally made everyone fall into abyss of her words.

Like a charm, like a spell, her words, her speech, her behavior stamped on everyone's mind. And what was more astounding was the men in my kingdom are considered god level and women are on lower category but those egoistical and hypocrite men listened and accepted her products well.

"That's good. Then prepare three hundred more prams than ordered. About Bicycles, the demand will soon increase so make sure to produce next batch soon."

"As you command, Milady." I assured her but did not get up from my seat to leave. Eblilis raised her head and looked at me with a raised eyebrow.

"You want to say something?" She asked propping her head on hand which was on the table.

I don't know what came over me but I smiled widely looking at her and spoke nothing. The way she elegant and very beautifully leaned on the table was truly pleasing to eyes.

That moment, that very second, my heart skipped at beat and a primal and very animalistic want swirled in my heart. My head was filled with uncontrollable thoughts of beautiful her.

"What are you grinning about? Keep that foolish look away from me." She spat out with a frown.

That pulled me out of my trance and I got back to my usual Mister Aguelli temperament.

"Milady, with your capability, it is not difficult to have store in the whole kingdom then why did you only prefer selling them in Oudad even though you have right capital and resources?"

Her frown slowly eased up and rubbed her chin when she started to think about what I asked.

"For better business opportunities and stable foundation of Dawn Incorporation." She answered simply but with a very devious smile that almost sent chills down my spine.

To say I never felt so chilled by a smile was absolutely true and swear on heavens.

"Stable foundation, I understand but how might restricting the business to one area give you a better opportunity?"

If she restricted to only Oudad, then doesn't it mean she will have less income and less opportunities to make business?

Sometimes, I cannot see through her thoughts and plans and this woman has always come up with good ideas.

Eblilis shook her head as if she cannot believe I could not even understand something as simple as this. "You are a trader, small or not, a trader yourself before joining my organization. You must've known these simple tactics well, Mister Aguelli."

In the shoes of Vulcan Aguelli, it didn't feel much but when I took it personally as King Tzalmon, it was insulting.

Damnation, I cannot even express my displeasure!

"Good tactics can even save a bad strategy while bad tactics can even kill best strategy. Say, if I start expanding my business to other regions what would happen? On what basis will it be expanded on?"

"We will have to spend on capital, land, stores and production but you can still get back several folds once you get profits." I said to which she smiled wisely as me.

As if... as if she is wiser than me.

"That is yes and no as well. We will indeed make huge profits and stand in larger areas however, why should I put all the capital when I can either get partners or better, a concession of expenses from the local authorities?"

"You are luring the local authorities of other regions by restricting the business to Oudad only. How devious." I scoffed softly thinking about the tactic she was playing on.

"By restricting the availability to only Oudad, not only are you attracting the authorities and other merchants but you are also planning to push them into make a move first and offer you for opening the stores in their regions as well for better availability. And for that, they can even accept collaboration conditions or any other trade conditions of yours; that is if they want a better trading conditions in their region to receive more taxes." I continued, more like telling myself than asking her.

But the gentle smile she gave was a confirmation more than needed.

Oudad is her turf so she can have flexible trading conditions however, in other regions, under other authorities , she might not have such flexible conditions so it was better for her when they approach her rather she take the initiative. All the while, she will have enough time to solidify the foundation and prepare for expansion.

A clever tactic to use when the merchant is a woman!

"Now that you understood, it's your turn to answer me. You have to pay back for the lesson I gave you." Uh umm, this doesn't feel right.

What does she want to know from me?

"Tell me about this Shadow spirits people." I knew it. She knows Eelk will not give her complete information nor do anyone else.

As an employee and as a person who was supposed to not know the whole story and identity of hers, I will have no other way to give her a pointer or two about those scums.

How smart of her to ask me.

"The shadow spirits are - no - they used to be a part of us until they evolved through wrong means against natural laws."

Maybe, scaring her a little about them will keep her mind away from them.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia is not a fool. She is really sensible in perceiving the situations, isn't she?

Tzalmon might have started to fall for her as he spend time with her. Will his behavior change towards her?

Will it change anything for Acacia if Tzalmon has feelings for her?

She has some good tactics to handle these hypocrite people. Your views?

Finally, some information about Shadow spirits is going to come out. It will make her or break her can only be told in future.

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 66
**Acacia Point of View**

"Evolved through wrong means? Evolved into what?" I sat straight and directed my focus completely to what he was saying.

Mister Aguelli sighed dramatically like a story teller from a drama company who was eager to gain attention from his audience.

Alright, put that act aside and get to the point.

"You must know that we are source spirited people and we can control, manage most of the spirits. However, we do not have a right nor ability to create a new soul or spirit." Oh, so it's like this.

"You mean to say these shadow spirit people wanted to have the ability to create new so they evolved into such?" Aguelli nodded in confirmation.

But doesn't this cause an imbalance in nature?

Evolution should happen naturally but if they chose to use underhand methods to evolve into something they are not meant to be then it would surely create an imbalance in nature.

"But they were not successful completely. An ability which was not meant to be in their hands, how can the laws of universe accept it? So they did not get the power to create new spirits but ended up having the ability to mutate them."

How interesting!

"What can they mutate into? You have already evolved to have a physical body of your own at your own will. How much more are they mutated?" Aguelli shook his head telling me that there is no stagnation point for evolution or mutation and it all depends on comprehension.

"They are close to be mutated into nothingness." His words fell on me like huge mountain rocks.

Nothingness? Mutated into nothingness?

"You mean they are mutated into something with no existence?" He nodded in confirmation again.

But how can something exist but have no existence also?

That is not possible right?

"Close to, Milady. A spirit or a soul, visible to naked eye or not, still have an existence. However, when the group of shadow spirits was practicing wrong means to achieve their objective, the laws of nature and balance obstructed them. But the practices still cannot go unanswered so they got the ability of almost nothingness. Nothingness is a state where they do have an existence but they still have no life source too. When I said almost nothingness, it means most of them have the ability to alter their life source and most of the rules and laws that affect the living do not affect them."

So these shadow spirits are like Zombies of spirit kind, to put it precisely.

Seems complicated and creepy.

A shiver went down my spine thinking about how powerful and invincible can they be. If they can go with the wrong methods to achieve what they want, then Ranas' statement of how they are better than Dr'helellis is not believable at all.

"Then if several rules of living do not affect them, then the rules of dead also must not affect them, right? According to what you said, they are somewhere between living and nothing. In that case several rules of dead should not apply them." Aguelli's eyes brightened with mountainous admiration for me when he heard my logic.

"Indeed, Milady."

"Then aren't they much more powerful than you all are? Why didn't they just come and get me directly?"

"They cannot. They can't because whatever they are now or they become in future, they are still under His Majesty's rule. His Majesty has power over them no matter what they are and if they accept it or not. That is a way that the disrupted balance opted to control the imbalance."

Ah, no wonder that Jerk has eyes in the clouds.

"I can see where his arrogance and nonsense comes from. Given the reins of a kingdom from birth and then the reins over a rebel group, he must be feeling like a God." I muttered to myself followed by a snort.

Looking at Aguelli's amused glint, I can easily tell that he heard me and chose not to speak of it. Good sense!

"Shadow spirits are vicious and dangerous, Milady. Don't go anywhere near them." He warned me again but out of goodwill or not, I cannot say.

I still nodded and sent him off with the set of tasks to do next.

The next day when Eelk woke up, he did not remember anything about the chat between me and Ranas so the only thing I said was he will remember one day for sure and not to get tensed over it.

Although he did want to know what happened, I did not say anything. If Aguelli did not know of this matter, then I would've lied to Eelk that he just went unconscious suddenly but now that Aguelli knew about the whole thing, Eelk would know it one day too.

And so everything went back to normal; that is what I thought until the main villain of my life made another appearance before me after months of no news of him.

As if he knew I was having an alright life here, he came knocking my door to disrupt it again.

"Why are you here?" I folded my hands over my chest and stood before him with a frown.

Jerk responded back with a smirk and imitated my posture, "To see you and our son."

Our son? What a joke!

"Last time I remember you were very keen on using our son as just a mere medium for your kingdom. How come he is suddenly your son and not just your heir?"

I did not forget the time when he treated Igses just a heir and not emotionally that a father would to son. I cannot forgive him for having such a thought. I cannot forgive and forget it easily.

"He is my son." He spoke with finality as he walked to my bed and sat on it.

These people, how are they so tall? Even sitting, he is taller than me by a notable difference. He is also wide and muscular that I look like a twig in front of him.

"Whatever. Why did you decide to show your face suddenly?" I did not try and conceal the displeasure in my tone.

I didn't want to see him nor talk to him. Is it too much to ask for? Why can't he get the hint?

"I will be staying here for the next few days and no one should know about it?" Urgh! No please, not this.

Why, why should he stay here?

One, he appeared out of nowhere in my bedroom and two, he is saying that he would stay here without even asking me. Every time I think that I cannot hate him anymore than that moment, he challenges it with injecting more hate for him.

"No."

"It's decided, by the way."

"My decision is a 'No'. And it's my decision that matters. Whom are you hiding from? Did you commit treason against your own high and mighty throne?"

"I being here should be a secret, Eblilis. Consider this your payment for giving you a stable life here. Just Mister and Mrs. Leto to know about my presence here is enough. I shall be sharing the same bedchamber as you to avoid seen by others."

Payment for giving me a stable life?

How can he spit dung with such a straight face? Is this some royal habit?

How thick is his skin to spout such nonsense?

And share my bedchamber? Heck no!

"Your secret is your headache. I don't want to get involved in it; not if it means I have to share a room with you. Get out, find some other place to hide and some other person to share your secret."

I gritted and turned around to leave but I was pulled back to him and an arm most probably made of iron wrapped around my waist.

Did he...

Did he just dare to touch me; worse, hug me?

He must've lost all hopes on life!

I struggled, wiggled violently to get out of his arm cage but with him being a huge monster I couldn't even move a hair on his arm. My glares did not affect him, on contrary he seemed quite amused by it.

Fishy!

Something is wrong here. Why does this man seem a little different than before?

"Leave me. What the hell are you doing?" I struggled again but even with him sitting and me standing, I did not have an advantage at all.

A strange, unknown spark passed through his eyes and the smirk on his lips was unchanging. He somehow, for some reason, looks mischievous.

Wordlessly, he slowly moved his face towards mine while his fingers of the hand that held my waist are rubbing gently.

This pervert!

"What are you doing? Go away, you pervert." I yelled, trying to push him away from me.

His face slowly came beside mine, close and intimate, separated only by my hair. I can feel his breath touching my ear and the skin below it.

To say I was least tempted by his actions is a huge understatement. Rather, I was annoyed by his sudden closeness.

"I am staying here. Like it or not, you are to bear me for the next few days." With finality, he did something I did not expect and got me extremely appalled.

He - kissed my hair.
**
~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

The shadow spirits are powerful group, aren't they?

Your views on changing behavior of Tzalmon towards Acacia?

Why is Tzalmon here in his own skin with his own face? Isn't he already by his side as Aguelli?

What are his motives for approaching Acacia again?

Is this even real Tzalmon?

Tzalmon never initiated physical intimacy with Acacia. What changed now?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 67
**Tzalmon Point of View**

Her soft, smooth, delicate body froze in my arms. She was beyond stunned.

To be honest, I was surprised myself with my actions. Never have I thought I would lose my cool and kiss her.

But -

But it felt good. To be able to touch her intimately, it felt liberating.

Something unknown that has been weighing down in my heart and mind has been lightened a little. It felt like the solution to that unknown weight was her.

Why did I visit her as Tzalmon when I can be with her as Aguelli; even I didn't understand.

But I am certain that my views on Eblilis has changed these days by spending time with her. It must be because as Aguelli, she does not despise me as much.

It must be because these past several days, I was stunned and amazed by her words and actions.

It must be because I - I started to like her and it does not have anything to do with the fact that she was our savior or my son's mother.

These past days, there was this agony; a want to be close to her and it must be because I knew I cannot touch her as Aguelli that I got impulsive for a moment and came to her as Tzalmon.

It might also be that the shadow spirit people sent a Gnoll to her that triggered something inside me.

"You must've lost it the last bit of sense, did you?" She exclaimed and I found her reaction quite dramatic yet adorable.

The way her face went red with anger, goodness, she was beautiful and so adorable.

Should I just give her another peck?

I'm itching to just shower her with kisses but I didn't want to hate me more than she already does.

This kind of torture, I don't even want my enemies to go through.

"I did not see you for nearly three months and you don't feel anything?" I asked making sure she stays in my arms for a few more moments.

Holding her tightly, I raised my hand and pressed my fingers gently on her neck. The tips of my fingers tingled when they came into contact with her smooth skin and that caused unbearable heat inside me.

Taking a moment, I controlled the sudden urge and pacified my pounding heart before my eyes met her annoyed ones.

She slapped away my hand that was on her neck and glared at me so venomously that for a moment there, I felt disappointed.

I could've just relieved with another woman like always. There was a line of women who can give their lives to spend one night with me in my bed yet, I couldn't find satisfaction in them.

However, one small peck on her hair, it provided a calming yet a turbulent effect on my heart.

"Of course I felt something." Her words made me anticipate but everything went down the drain when her next words came out. "Grateful. You were away for such a long time, I had a better life here."

Must she be so ruthless?

"Now what kind of evil thing possessed you that you dared to do that to me?" Her enraged scowl made me smile.

How I missed her anger and scowls!

"It's been few months and I missed you. You are my woman, why can't I kiss you?"

A look of bottomless disgust took over her beautiful facial features. "Ah, I see nothing possessed you. You are a pervert from the very beginning and now it's slowly starting to come out again."

"One, I am not your woman and will never be; two, if you don't want your mouth to permanently transform into a pig's mouth, keep it away from me. Now, let me go." She successfully got out of my arms and put several meters of distance between us.

When will she warm up to me?

"You are to become my queen in future, of course you are my woman." I stood up and took slow steps towards her. She sneered at me and scoffed and when I was only a step away from her, she stomped her foot on mine kicked my leg quite harshly.

She hates me more now! She even resorted to violence even though it didn't hurt me at all.

"How come everything I say or do cause you to hate me even more?" Cupping her small face in my hands, I asked her gently.

Even my own ears tingled when I heard the gentleness in my tone. I never, never used such gentleness in my centuries of prospering life.

"Not everything definitely." She punched both my hands and threw them away from her face. "There is one thing that will not make me hate you more than I do right now."

"What is it?"

"Send me and my son back to my world."

Huh, I knew it!

"No. You belong here now." I declared holding her chin tightly. She will not leave this place. Never.

"As expected. Then stay away from me and don't show your face as much as possible. Just because you did not show your face for few months I forgot what you did to me? Worst, you do not even find it wrong and tried to repent over your actions. There are solid reason for my hate towards you. If you can't bear it, then stay away."

She looked me up and down with repulsion and walked away without waiting for my response.

She despises me more now! Just great!

Heaving a little, I stealthily went to Eblilis study room and sat down with a apprehensive groan.

"Edus!" I called out a little louder and soon he appeared before me. Not wanting some other man to come into her bedchamber, I called him once I made certain the study room was empty.

"Majesty." He bowed.

"Did you catch him?"

"Not yet, Majesty. He hid himself well and used the mirage ability skillfully. We are yet to find his location."

"Hmm, I want Myx Ranas caught dead or alive. Tell our spies in Land of Gnoll to annihilate Ranas family silently. None should know it was done by us."

"Understood, Majesty."

"For those scums to send someone else and not one of their own people, we seemed to underestimate their connections with other kingdoms. Have Gyles look into it. Having the face of a King now, he will know better to use his resources and find out. Those court officials who are found guilty of having any ties with shadow spirits are to be eliminated. Make it as if they are taken down by those scums ." Being Aguelli has its own benefits I realized.

If I weren't there at that time, I wouldn't know that a Gnoll came near Eblilis under those scums instructions.

I wouldn't have known that Eblilis was a clever enough to not fall for the trick even with such desire to escape from here.

But the problem now is, if the shadow spirits really know that Acacia is the curse breaker or not. Myx Ranas did not leave the territory so there was a high possibility that they do not know of Acacia's identity.

And they should never know!

"I got a word back from one of our spies from the other side, Majesty. What Myx Ranas said was indeed right. Only half the curse was broken so they are not as powerful as they should be. The ritual to completely break the curse needs Lady Acacia to be present there until which they are vulnerable to many things. However, their defense is still almost impenetrable." He reported.

I silently thought for a while before weighing the circumstances before coming up with a decision.

"Edus, give orders to our Void troops to take charge and start implementing our plan."

"But there is still time for that plan' is it not, Majesty." He did not understand the reason behind my decision but I don't want to wait for long time.

"Someone with their connection approached the Lady, this should be done. It's better we deal with them before they use any other means to get stronger."

"Understood, Majesty." He bowed once again and left.

I spent the day with several thoughts running rampant in my brain. One of the most troubling thought was related to her.

Before this, I didn't mind her hatred for me much but today, when I saw such disgust in her eyes for me, it felt like my heart was pricked with countless daggers.

The smile she usually gives our son, the kind of smile she give Eelk or Azar or any other staff that are close to her; that smile I never saw of her face when she looked at me.

She never even smiled politely at me.

I am man and a ruling King, I have every right to command her but neither my power nor my command effects her.

How I wish I could just force her to stay with me and attend me in my bed. But thinking about how she might hate me more, I cannot even dare raise my voice at her now.

Somehow, for some reason, at some point of time, I started to put her on equal stand as me.

What should I do to get a smile from her?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Tzalmon fell for her? Did he really fell for her?

But then again, it isn't easy for Acacia to reciprocate his feelings. Your views?

Her hate for him did not decrease even after no seeing him for few months. Is it understandable?

Will Shadow spirits reach Acacia before they are taken care of?

Who wants to slap Tzalmon for giving her a peck and act intimately with her?

Will Acacia smile at him one day?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 68
**Acacia Point of View**

He is certainly possessed.

There is no possible better explanation than this to account for his latest upgraded madness.

"Your father is possessed, little man. I'm starting to be more certain the more I see his antiques." I told my little son who flipped on his stomach and is not trying to stand on his hands and knees.

He hummed and sang in his baby language as he was swaying back and forth on his four and finally fell on his stomach after not having enough strength and balance to crawl.

He will be crawling soon and I will have harder time to handle this little one.

Patting his back a little in encouragement, I continued to rant about his father to him. "Little man, can a spirit be possessed by another spirit?" I asked and wanted to add 'your father is already an evil spirit how can something else affect him' but since they are still father and son I did not voice it out.

No matter how much I hate that Jerk, I don't want my son to have a impression worse than he already has.

However, I'm really stumped by his recent actions. That Jerk is acting like a pervert who is conferred the title of deity for being the definition of perverted.

For some sick reasons, he has been hiding in the Treasure palace and was giving me a huge headache every minute of his stay.

It has only been three days since he started staying here and I already want to die than to tolerate him. And what was most annoying was he keeps getting intimate with me.

Every chance he gets he either touch me closely or give me sudden surprise pecks on different parts of my face. If he doesn't have any chance, he creates one to get close to me.

On the early morning two days ago, by the time I woke up, he was in my bed beside me with his head balanced on his arms and was looking down at me like a customer would at meat in a butcher shop.

Thankfully, Igses was sleeping in between.

Then, there was yesterday when he randomly asked me to smile at him. I mean, how would one want to smile looking at his face?

Why would he even want me to smile at him in the first place? Does he see me as his performing joker?

When things like this kept happening, I started to either avoid him by working or hide from him.

The more I thought of hiding from him, the more he finds me. My hate for him broke through the stagnation point and was on a raise on a geometrical progression.

"Little man, what should I do? Do you have any ideas to save your mother?" I laid on my stomach beside my son and started to have a heart to heart talk with him.

My son flapped his arms and spoke in his baby language again with a huge smile filled with excitement. I couldn't help but smile back at his happy face and kissed his chubby cheeks.

Sometimes, I feel like biting his bun like cheeks but being a mother, I feel ashamed when such thoughts come to my mind.

"How about marry me and become my queen?" I jumped when his voice reached my ears.

Turning around, I saw him standing by the door by leaning against the wall with a blank face yet an amused glint in his eyes.

When did he come here?

Can't he give me some time to take a breather?

"Were you eavesdropping? What kind of royal manners is this?" I scowled and sat upright. "You were given a bedchamber of your own where you can hide well then why do you keep coming here jeopardizing yourself?"

"Why do you hate me so much?" He asked as he sighed. He came and stood beside the bed, on the side where Igses was laying.

He must be kidding me, right?

"Ah, you see, I have a sadistic personality and one of the main symptoms of it is to hate a good and righteous person." I answered back very genuinely that one can tell that I know no sarcasm at all.

After hearing my reply, he snickered and there was no anger or offense on his face. He really, naturally and extremely looked amused.

What is he so pleased for?

"Then is it alright to be bad and force you into wedding me?" Was that a teasing grin on his face? It looks like a rotten tree branch was stuck in a broken underground pipe.

If that even makes sense.

"Sure if you stay alive for long. When you are serious about marrying me will be the day you will meet your maker."

"Feisty. I like it. You should behave a little like a girl."

"I will not change for anyone. If you like changes so much, why don't you change your personality a little?"

"Will you consider marrying me if I change for you?" And that pushed words back into my throat.

Why is he suddenly so adamant in marrying me?

Something is amiss here?

"No. I will not marry you even if you bring an edict from ruler of heavens. Cut that thought off forever. You are not the person I want to marry." This time I told him seriously and firmly to let him know that I am against this proposal and that will not change at all.

Jerk gazed down at me for a long time quietly before asking me, "What will make you marry me then?"

"Nothing." I affirmed.

"Then I will make you want to be wife. And that day you will wholeheartedly want to be mine." He declared gravely.

"Presumptuous."

"I call it confidence." I need to keep this man away from me.

If he was behaving like the old him then his actions can be predictable but for some reason he is determined to marry him and this is a dangerous thing for me.

If I really get married to him, the chance to escape will completely get closed off. I can never let that happen.

But he is so determined and he is also behaving so weirdly with me. Sometimes he grins at me like Loki who has turned into a saint would.

So damn creepy.

No, I need to keep my distance from him at any cost.

With that in mind, I made a decision that I never thought would turn the tables around for me; for worse.

"We are ready, Milady. We can leave in an hour." Azar said after he finished arranging the things I told him to.

"Eelk, I will leave everything here to you. For the next few days, you will the in charge of business here. You have Mister Aguelli to assist you." Eelk nodded and I was assured to have him in charge here.

He is very good at managing both business and people so he is the best choice.

"Alright, we are ready to go now." I turned to Circe and said as I took Igses from her hands.

"Go where?" Not again. Why is he out in public when he is here to hide?

I wanted to leave quietly, dammit.

"On a business expedition. You can stay here and have Mrs. Letos take care of you." I said briefly and rushed Azar and Circe to start moving.

"Where are you going?" Jerk asked blocking my way. He looked disappointed.

Well, so what?

"To Silver islands. It's getting late, we are leaving now." I waited for him to move but he was still blocking my way.

What is his problem? Why is he so bent on annoying me to death?

"I will come along."

"No you can't. Remember, no one should know you are here." If he is to tag along, then what is the use of this trip?

"I can manage it. It's not an issue." He said and waved his hand in front of him and soon another man was standing before me.

A man with different face and different built but still young and attractive.

My eyes widened and a gasp left my mouth when I saw Jerk with different face. I didn't know there is an ability like this where one can change faces so easily.

"Now I can come along, yes?" He cupped my cheek with one of his hand and asked.

The shock was too much that for a moment there, I forgot to slap his hand away from me.

"You can do that?" I exclaimed.

"Only four people in this kingdom can do this and I'm one of them." He proudly declared.

"If you can change to another person as you wish then why should you hide here?" He could've taken any face and lived safely anywhere.

Is he here for a purpose then?

"Political and personal reasons. You don't have to know them now." Saying, he wrapped an arm around my waist and pulled me down towards the awaiting carriage.

I wonder how many times he used this ability to change face before me.

Did he ever use this skill before with me?

Why do I feel like I would not like the answer to my question?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Tzalmon has a 360 degrees change suddenly. Is it really love or something else?

Igses will soon starts to crawl. Yayyy!

On what expedition are they going now?

Tzalmon exposed his ability to change faces. What will happen when Acacia comes to know that Aguelli is actually Tzalmon in disguise?

Will anything change between the pair in this trip?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 69
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"Stop staring at me."

"Can you be any more perverted than you already are?"

"Will you die if you keep some silence?"

"What is your purpose of tagging along again?"

She went on and on, picking at me even when I looked at her for more than one fraction of a moment. Every time she nagged at me, her displeasure only grew more and more.

I want to know where I was going wrong that this woman is not moved by any of my actions. From a soft and gentle approach to a domineering one, I tried several ways to gain some positive objective of me in her eyes but not only did it not happen, she disliked me more than before.

How am I a pervert if I want to marry the mother of my child?

"You shouldn't have brought Igses with you. The trip to silver islands is not an easy one." I said seriously after sighing at myself a little.

Eblilis looked down Igses who was in the crib, playing with his toys and shook her head answering negatively. "I can't leave him anywhere with others when I'm not around. Also, I want him to look around and have his own comprehension of the world. Staying among four walls for a long time can infer his growth." She answered without even looking at me.

"Azar, where are we stopping first?" She asked Azar who was riding beside me on another horse.

"Coast city, Milady. We travel on water from there." She nodded with a hint of excitement in her eyes.

"This is the first ride on water for Igses. Let's find a good sturdy ship."

"There is no need. I have a fleet of them so you can take any." I injected in the conversation.

"And tell everyone that someone from the royal family or someone acquainted to you is travelling? That will cause too much of attention and call for unwanted trouble. We can just get it on lease." Does she have to reprimand my every suggestion?

However, what she said makes sense too.

These days, I'm starting to hate when something she says makes sense. And because it happens most of the time, I seem to fall into thinking if I really enjoy her wit or not.

"I have a private ship that no one knows of, that should be safe enough."

"Alright." She agreed readily.

Am I dreaming? She agreed? So easily?

"You agreed so easily?" I rubbed my chin as a small doubtful smirk was playing on my lips.

"Why not when I don't have to spend hefty amount of renting a ship and crew?" She shrugged as if she was a frugal spender.

I have seen her spend like water before. Now she is thinking of a small sum to spend on a ship?

"You are taking advantage of me." I grumbled a little in low voice but since I was riding close to the carriage, she heard it and replied that if he doesn't want to be taken advantage of then back off from the trip.

Everything went back to normal silence again. She doesn't want me to tag along and I don't want to back off so silence is the best solution for moments like this.

The ride to coast city is not that long and takes only five days with the slower pace we are going. Considering the fact there's a child in the carriage, the ride was slower than it should be under the orders of Eblilis.

Surprisingly, during the whole ride, the weather was rather too pleasant. Not too sunny or cloud but a clear sky with cool and refreshing wind. So, every now and then she would sit Igses on her lap and show him the outside through window.

In these few days, I realized Igses is not a fussy child and love the company of his mother. He sat comfortably on his mother's lap and enjoyed the view with a smile all along.

When Eblilis points out an animal or something and tells him what it was, his eyes sparks thoughtfully as though he is registering everything in his mind.

The boy who is nearly only six months old learned everything he was thought diligently. That kid was just too docile in his mother's presence.

How come he is too cold with me and warm with his mother?

Too unreasonable.

With the continuation of sour mood on my part, we soon reached coast city by the noon of fifth day. We had a quick lunch in top grade restaurant in the city and went around purchasing some basic goods for sea expedition.

"Circe, are any of them good?" Showing a row of cloths, she asked for her suggestion. "My knowledge in detecting the quality of a cloth is not very high. Although I can differentiate good from bad, I'm not too proficient in determining several factors."

"The coast city has goods that are good in quality and less expensive." I provided and thankfully she nodded without reprimanding me.

"The quality and the print pattern of these three fabrics is good, Milady."

"Then let's get them along with a box of sewing supplies. We have to spend several days on the ship and the climate can get colder in the sea. Circe, buy yourself some thick clothes." Saying, she looked for some warm clothes for her and Igses too.

She gave a glance at Azar and that was an indication telling him to get some warmer clothes for himself too. She did not even give that short glance at me.

The sour mood from before came back with a blast, this time with greater intensity. If it was someone who was this audacious with me, I would've beheaded them without another thought.

She is lucky that I have some scores on her!

The purchasing spree went on for two more hours and by evening, she bought a cargo full of things.

And she is the one who wants to save some money on renting a ship.

The night we spent in an tavern in coast city and on the early morning of the next day we finally got on the ship I prepared.

'Pistris luxuria' also known as 'the shark lust' was a ship I got under an alias to use it for secret missions. It was a large ship made of metal that could withstand even the deadly storms of the sea.

With Igses on board, this is best means of travel and also a safe way. Once the luggage was safely loaded, the captain and the crew introduced themselves to us and showed a missive that I sent.

Eblilis is still not very familiar with native language so she gave it to Azar to check. "This was a missive from owner of the ship telling the crew to follow our orders and take to our destination safely."

With a nod and a small smile, she got on and was soon lead to the bedchamber she shall be staying in.

Once everything was set, the ship sailed on waters towards our first destination among the cluster of silver islands, 'The cold island'.

Eblilis did not go to her room immediately but after organizing everything in her room, she came on the deck with Igses in hand.

"Circe, spread it here." She pointed at the floor. Circe who followed them immediately spread two thick blankets on the floor and Eblilis laid Igses down on the blankets. Seeing that Igses was comfortable and enjoying his time under the open sky and passing scenery, she smiled contently at him.

Close to the kid, she got a foldable chair and sat on it after unfolding it. Leaning against the chair, she took a deep breath and a sigh of relief left her mouth as she closed her eyes.

"When will you get tired of staring at me?" She asked still not opening her eyes.

"You are on the deck, a public place. I have the right to see." I shrugged.

"Not really. The captain said this is a private part of the deck where the staff will not enter unless under orders."

"You say I'm a part of the staff?"

"Yes. If you have any problem then you are free to leisure away somewhere else." She sure knows how to sugarcoat words when it comes to me.

I cannot even rebuke her back. Why did I even tag along in the first place?

A woman is even daring enough to retort back at me. Well, I can't blame her. I got it upon myself.

With a huff, I got myself another chair and sat beside her. While she was enjoying, she also has her attention on Igses who seems to be on clouds with his excitement.

That boy is literally a copy of his mother when it comes to his love for travels and nature.

"What is your reason for this expedition? Why do you want to look at silver islands?" I asked narrowing my eyes at her.

What does she want to do with uninhabited islands?

"Find ways to make wealth." On islands? I want to ask more but she shut me off with a look saying she will not answer anymore.

She loves wealth a little too much.

What kind of wealth is she planning to make now?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Will this trip bring new changed in the couple?

Igses' love for travel and adventure is really alike his mother.

Little Igses is already knows how to remember and learn things from his mother.

Do you all think Acacia's way of raising Igses is good or not?

Tzalmon is pouting when things are going his way. He wants things to change fast just because he has a change in his heart.

Tzalmon is too much!

What will happen in this trip? Will Acacia and Tzalmon become at least friends?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 70
**Acacia Point of View**

"Silver islands are set of twelve islands that come under jurisdiction of Oudad province."

"I didn't ask you."

"No, but I'm giving you the needed information." Needed information? I snorted inwardly at him.

"I won't believe your words anyway so don't waste your breathe on giving me the needed information." I will not believe this man at all.

He only knows how to manipulate other and I had experienced it firsthand. I don't believe he would give me any information with kind intentions.

"Eblilis, it's better to know more about the destination before reaching there." He seemed vexed but not more than me.

What is he vexed about? Isn't he not the one who made himself totally untrustworthy?

"I'll ask Azar. I will not allow you to play with me again." God knows what he wants in return for the information he provided.

It's better to ask Azar about the silver islands. Also, Azar vowed his loyalty so it is better to place my belief on his words.

I then cut off all chances of conversation with him. The rest of the day, I enjoyed the view and sea ride along with my son.

I'm not a person who gets seasick usually but since my physique has some changes after giving birth, I got Mrs. Leto to prepare some medicine for seasickness before leaving.

I took the medicine before leaving and gave a small portion of baby medicine to Igses as well. Thankfully, I was prepared so I and Igses could enjoy freely.

The simple seafood lunch and dinner on the deck was scrumptious. To reach the first island of the cluster takes a few days so in these few days, I got some needed details from Azar.

I came to know that a few of the islands homed some of the most ancient tribes of the race who stay closed in their own bubble.

"According to what you said, the islands are not too big nor too small and are as ordinary as every other place. Except for those few islands that homed the tribes, other islands are free use, is it?" I asked nodding to myself thoughtfully.

"Indeed, Milady." Azar answered.

Finally after travelling on the ship for six days, we are about to reach the first island. The shore is just in front of, visible to us clearly.

From the first look, the island is indeed not too big but it isn't small either. It doesn't look too special with any special attributes but then again, I have several ideas so one of them is suitable for it surely.

After all the years I spent living in a modern civilization, making new business venture is not really too troublesome.

The captain of the ship, the thin unhealthy looking old man shouted something in their native language and so the ship circled around the island once before they determined a suitable place to park it.

"Milady, we are here." Jerk said politely and offered me his hand to take. The plank laid to bridge from the deck to land was shaky and with Igses in arms, it would be indeed problematic to cross over without help.

Surprisingly, Igses is adamant that I carry him and would make a little fuss when Circe tried to take him into her arms so without any protest, I took the hand and got down safely.

"We will be back in few hours, tell them that." I nudged Azar to inform them in their language. Once the message reached the person, we started to take a walk around the island to check it out.

"Azar, what is the climatic condition of this island?" Azar heard me and turned to the sea expert we brought to ask him.

When the expert provided his review, Azar translated it to me. "Other than being too windy every now and then, the climates rotate as usual here, Milady."

"Hmm, then what about the stability? Is there any cases of earthquakes, sinking or something unusual here?"

"Nearly six years ago there was case of it emerging a few feet from water. " Oh?

We stopped by rocky place on the other side of the island and observed the violent waters crashing against the rocks.

"What about other natural calamities?"

"None that he knows of, Milady. The sea is comparatively gentle than other islands." Azar translated the experts reply again.

Looking over the span of the island, I saw that the vegetation is not too thick and there were no wild animals here. A small thoughtful smile emerged on my face after having a good look at the island.

"With that smile, what are you planning to do here?" Jerk asked with his own smile in place.

I contemplated for a moment weather to tell him or not but when I realized he would get updates from his spies anyhow, I decided not to conceal it.

"I have a couple ideas but one promising idea was to turn the island into place for some exciting extreme sports." I answered and asked Azar to note it down in the book for records.

The expanse and the stability is alright so it is right place for extreme sports. Since there are also a couple of small hills; it's just the cherry on top now.

"What is extreme sports?" Jerk frowned.

"You will know when it is built. You won't understand if I tell you." Jerk did not show it but it was clearly seen in his eyes that he took offense from my words.

This man's ego is too over and extra. Just because he couldn't understand something and I said it on his face, he took offense of it. This is not even ego but something else beyond.

If he is like this then why is he following me? Why does he want to tag along?

"Hey are they no pirates here?" I asked Azar with interest.

"No, Milady. There was never a pirate case on this kingdom." Wow, a sea without pirates?

Too boring!

But still beneficial to my business thankfully.

"Alright. Should we spend the night on land or return to the ship?"

"It is better to get back to the ship. Tents cannot protect you from night cold." I nodded and after taking another look and taking notes, we returned back to the ship to continue to the next island.

"By early next morning, we will reach the next island, Milady."Azar provided to which I hummed back.

"Azar, let's also stop by tribal islands." Azar looked reluctant but before he could say anything Jerk spoke.

"The tribal people are not too welcoming to outsiders. One of the reasons why they are a closed group is because they don't want to get influenced from outside." Jerk stated helplessly.

"Even you couldn't get through them?" I whispered making sure none heard me.

Jerk looked at my anticipation and a little excitement and scowled at me. "Will it please you if I say I couldn't?"

"Yes, immensely." I nodded seriously. "So even you could not shake them. But then again, you must be one they should protect themselves from."

These tribes are clever people, I see. But with right means and right proportions, I might strike a good deal with them.

Tribal people have always been resourceful and talented people. It was not just in my world but anywhere and anytime, tribes have been proven to be the most resourceful and the maintainer of culture.

Who knows, I might gain something without giving them the scare of influencing them wrongly.

After having a small chat with Azar, I returned back to my room happily only to stop in my tracks when I saw something weird.

There, in my room, on my bed, is Jerk sitting on it with Igses in his arms. What was rather astonishing was he was playing with my son.

He is literally throwing my son in air and catching him causing him to giggle loudly. Anyway, he is actually and really playing with him.

He is definitely possessed.

And my son, he accepted the Jerk and was enjoying his time with his father just like every father-son pair.

For a moment there my eyes blinded with jealousy.

"What is happening here?" I frowned.

"Why, playing with my son, of course." Jerk answered with a very happy chuckle as he gave sound kiss on my baby's cheek.

"I can see that. Why though?"

"What do you mean why? It's my son it is my right to spend my time with him."

"What a noble thought." I mumbled and went off to a corner to rest leaving the duo to spend time with each other.

Since my little man is comfortable with that man, so I won't be fussy about it.

I pulled out a book to read while I still kept an eye on the duo as they played well. After having dinner and feeding Igses, we went to bed early so we could wake up early as well.

It must be in the middle of the night I felt it.

The violent shake of the ship. I subconsciously took Igses in my arms and held him tightly as I walked out of my room slowly.

Just then, Jerk and Azar came to me hurriedly and sighed in relief when they saw me and Igses safe.

"What is happening?" I held the railing tightly with one hand and Igses with other before getting up on the deck.

"An unusual calamity in water, Milady."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Igses and Tzalmon playing with each other? What is this?

When did this happen? When did Tzalmon change in this way?

Will a good relation with Igses lead Tzalmon to pave a bridge between him and Acacia?

The ship is in trouble now. Are they going to escape it successfully?

What caused the unusual calamity in the water?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 71
**Tzalmon Point of View**

I held Eblilis by her shoulder tightly and sent Azar to control the situation.

The turbulence in sea is not something that happens rarely. It would be a surprise if sea doesn't act every now and then. However, with Eblilis and Igses onboard, the situation got tensed.

If it were only us, then we would have a safe sail even through violent waters. If it was a natural happening then we can protect us with the amount of power I have and if it was an attack from someone, then I will have complete control on the situation given I'm the most powerful here.

Holding her firmly, I brought her on to the deck. Thankfully, she knows her priorities and did not push me away.

"What is wrong? I thought the sea around Silver islands is not fierce." She hugged Igses tightly and looked back to see Circe safe and sighed in relief.

That little boy is not even worried at the commotion and is just watching the show calmly.

"It usually is not. Hold tight and stay still here." I brought them to a safe corner and went to investigate the matter in hand.

Azar was barking orders at the crew while the sea expert was assessing the situation beside him. The waves were getting harsher and the ship swayed too much for ladies to stand it.

"This is not naturally caused, sir." The expert informed looking at the water crashing the vessel.

"Good if it isn't caused naturally. Azar, get to work." I nodded and gestured Azar to take action.

Who was behind this audacious dare, it cannot be investigated once the vessel is stabilized. Eblilis and Igses are most important here as for now.

With that in mind, I secretly sent a wave of tremendous power into the water to counter attack the cause of disturbance.

Soon enough, the disturbance calmed down and the water stilled like it has created a havoc just a moment ago. Once it has calmed down Azar went to investigate the cause of the chaos on my orders.

Barking orders at captain and the crew, I spent some time making sure the turbulence ended and ship can travel carefully.

After ordering the captain to activate the safety gears and putting a shield around the ship so magic couldn't enter and cause another chaos.

The ladies and Igses came over once the balance of the ship was restored. When I looked at Eblilis who was walking over towards me, I saw that other than a little fear for our son, she did not sweat a drop in this deathly calamity.

"What happened exactly?" She asked looking extremely annoyed.

"Someone pulled a trick but Azar managed to counter back." I cannot say I did it when we have people around and I have another face on my neck.

But seems like she got the hint and nodded before her annoyance amplified again.

"So who would do this under your nose? Didn't have your nose in air for being blindingly powerful ? Was all just words to fool me?" She started out loudly but reduced to whispering when she noticed that we aren't alone.

Why does she doubt my power so much?

Does she really not believe in my strength or she ridicules it too much to believe it?

I didn't even answer her and walked away not wanting to pick a fight with her at this point. But it didn't mean it pricked me that she has no sense of belief or appreciation towards me.

Walking further towards where the captain is, I still kept an eye on her while giving directions to the captain. Eblilis stepped at little towards the bow end and bend down a little to see the now calm and still water.

Circe accompanied the without a word because the region around bow end was rather safe so she did not stop Eblilis from exploring. Eblilis too knows her limits so she did not go too close to the edge and only stood a couple steps away.

After assessing it herself and whispering something to Igses, she shook her head and turned around to walk back but -

Only, couldn't.

The previous unrest in the sea happened again and Eblilis along with Igses flew and fell in the water despite the safety gears preventing them.

"Jerk, you jerk. You unfit animal. You can't even solve an issue." By the time I went to hold her and keep them from falling in the water, she was already in travel towards the depths and still had time and energy to scold me.

"Eblilis!"

"Milady!"

"Milady!" Everyone screamed and instantly ran to the bow end.

Azar and I jumped into the water without a second thought and started to search for Eblilis and Igses.

My Lord, what I going to do without her and Igses? What about the kingdom?

With a pinch of magic, I tried to locate them but it was as if they aren't in the water at all. Through the dark depths of sea, I swam down more and more with a hope I could find them safe and sound.

My heart pounded aggressively when the thought of not seeing her and my son anymore. Just a mere thought was enough to feel like being tortured by thousands of knives.

What did this had to happen with both of them?

Who did this?

In my kingdom, under my nose, someone tried to hurt my future queen and son; am I really an unfit king?

Eblilis, Igses, where are you both?

Please, please be alive. Please be safe. Hold on and I will find you both.

I told myself again and again that I will find them and should do that soon. For hours, even the crew jumped down to locate the both. Circe kept crying on the deck, blaming herself for being careless and failing to protect her lady and the young prince.

Without a moment of rest, until the sun came out the next morning, we kept on searching for her. In person, with magic, I tried everything.

"Azar, I want them safe and sound. Search every nearby island and do not let the divers out of water until they find both of them." Giving my orders to Azar, I walked to the bow end to look at the horizon and think about our next measure.

Whoever did this will pay the price!

I suddenly remembered the necklace I gave her to cover her mortal aura and closed my eyes to connect to it. The necklace does not just conceal her aura but also has a charm on it that can give me indications of her wellbeing. If it is still around her neck then I can tell if she fine or not at least.

And if she was fine then so would be my son for, she can put herself in the harm's way to save our son. So if I could know if she was alive or not, I will have hope for both of them.

I closed my eyes and soon a warm sense rushed through my mind which means she was alive. She is alive.

Last night when I disabled the energy that caused the turbulence, I did not find any bit of magic that belonged to Shadow spirits. Although they evolved differently, I can easily tell their power apart so this isn't possibly caused by them.

But that does not rule away the possibility that one of their dogs from other kingdom might be the cause. Oudad is a tourist place where several from other kingdoms come in hundreds and thousands to visit every year.

However, no such race can have the authority over Dr'helellis seas. If this might be counted, then else could cause the chaos?

Damnation, heavens beware so as a scratch was seen on either of their bodies by the time I find them, I will bring down the whole God realm.

I couldn't stand still and raced to the cockpit. The moment I entered, I saw the captain steering the vessel himself and a sea map was laid on the table behind.

Looking down at the map, I tried to find clues from it. If someone activated magic of that sort last night, they should have been close.

Very nearby if I'm not wrong.

Where could the offender be?

Who could it be?

"Stop steering for now, captain." I ordered not wanting to go too far from the place of accident.

Scanning the map closely, I saw the islands nearby that possibly could be where Eblilis and Igses can float to. There are two island of which one is very close by and the other is a little farther away.

But the one which is closer was where one of the closed off tribes live and not even King can enter without getting a pass from the chief of tribe. The other island was an uninhabited one which has nothing other than dense wood.

Staring at the map for a while a cold idea struck my mind.

"The nautical boundaries doesn't it belong to -" A cold killing intent rose in my heart immediately.

"Captain, travel to west and do not stop whatsoever until we reach the island."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Oh my God! Are Acacia and Igses alright?

Why should it be the both to fall into the water?

Who caused the turbulence anyway? And why?

Tzalmon is all out to locate them. Will he find them?

Will he know their importance when they are not with him, under his wing anymore?

Will he understand the meaning of protecting them and care for them selflessly?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 72
**Acacia Point of View**

I was feeling light and painless.

My eyes were closed and I'm sure I'm still in a sleep but still I could feel the surrounding around me. I wanted to open my eyes and see where I am and most importantly, where Igses is.

The last thing I remember was that I tucked Igses close into my arms as I tried my hardest to swim in unknown direction to reach the land. I tried to float back up but it was like there was a pressure that was restricting me so I could only swim as much as my lungs allowed and as much as my energy permitted me.

Because taking Igses on shore is my only priority.

However, I could only remember myself swimming in the dark and deep endless water where there seemed no hints of land. How I went unconscious and what happened in the water, I have no idea.

Now, I could feel that I was no more drowned in water but the more I tried to open my eyes the more I feel like what I was feeling right now was just a dream and nothing more.

I tried moving my body, first my hands and then legs and just anything that could tell me if I was still alive and awake or not. But no matter how I tried I couldn't move. I was in a kind of sleep paralysis episode.

No, I want to get out of this. Igses, I have to find him. My son, God knows where he is. I can't feel his small body beside me.

Is he okay?

Was he saved by someone?

Was he hurt?

Is he still -

No, he should be alright and he must be. There is no second option.

This time, I gritted my teeth and attempted to break my paralytic state and wake up. I vaguely heard some voices around me and even that did not give me push to break my condition.

Amidst my attempts to wake up and understand the situation I was in, I heard an old grumpy voice saying something in a firm tone.

By how close and loud it was, I could assume that whatever that old voice said was said to me. However, when I don't understand the language no matter how he spoke so I attempted to break through the condition and wake up again and this time with even more force.

"You should stop that, girl. You can only wake up when your mind and body gets enough rest." This time I understood what he was trying to say.

Apparently, the old grumpy voice person knows how to speak my language.

For a moment, my struggle ceased and then when I thought of my son, I could not help but struggle even more than before.

Rest can wait, Igses is more important.

I tried to open my eyes or mouth to speak but nothing of such happened.

"The little boy is doing well. He is alive and healthy so stop struggling and relax your mind. Only when your mind is free from worries and your body is strong can you break through your sleeping statement."

The next moment I heard those words, I felt someone touch my forehead with a rough calloused finger. The moment the cold finger touched the place between my eyebrows, a feeling of calm waves entered my body which immediately put me into relaxing state.

The half awake state slowly left and a fog of sleep touched me. I wanted to stay awake and know what is happening and see Igses but the amount of sleep I was feeling was just too much.

No matter how much I struggled, I couldn't fight back the drowsy enchantment that enveloped me.

With the last thought of Igses being safe, I drowned in the sleep with no much energy left to struggle anymore.

Don't know how long I slept this time and what time it is, when I finally was fully awake and was able to open my eyes, it was pitch dark in the place where I was sleeping.

So dark that I could not even see the very thing just an inch away from my eyes. I let my eyes get used to the dark until I could see the outline of my surrounding with the help of moonlight flowing from the window.

There was absolute silence where ever the heck I was. I could even hear the swish of breeze flowing through the window.

I rubbed my eyes and adjusted the sight and looked around the dark room with the help of moonlight. It was a small room make of stone and there are not many things occupying the space. There was only the rock hard bed I was on and a small table beside the bed.

I could see some things are hung around down from the roof which I could not determine what they are due to lack of enough light.

Slowly, I stepped down from the bed and took cautious steps towards where I think the door was. It was all thanks to the window that was situated directly in front of the door that I could see the round metal handle and pulled it open.

It was the moment I opened the door that I realized the complete and utter silence inside the room was quite opposite to outside.

Because the outside was brightly lit with a huge campfire sitting in the middle of the clearing. Around the fire are several people sitting and enjoying their time together while a few were dancing to a peppy instrumental music in a circle.

Where is this?

Without any hesitation, I walked to the group of people and when I was halfway through, I heard someone from behind.

"Awake already girl?" The gruff old voice that I heard in my sleep asked. Turning around I saw an old man well suited for the voice he has.

One look at him or any other person, I could tell that they are a tribal group. Their appearance, the style of clothing and just everything around shouts the fact.

The old man looked annoyed when I did not say anything. "My son?" That was the first thing I asked.

"The boy is doing well. If it wasn't for the boy's power protecting you, you could've died already." The old man grumbled as he turned around to leave.

Taking a couple of steps, he stopped and turned around to look at me which was an enough indication that I was asked to follow.

"Is he affected by the sea water? Was he in danger as well?" I followed him through rows of houses as I inquired about Igses health.

"No."

"Did he catch cold or fever?"

"No."

"Are there rashes on his skin due to long exposure to sea water?"

"No."

"I did not feed him for don't know how long, is he hungry and crying for food?"

"No."

"Was he hurt in anyway?"

"No." I nodded with a sigh and followed him to a medium sized house of similar style I woke up in. "Don't ask anymore, you can find it out yourself." The old man grumbled pretty annoyed with my questioning.

He always has this brooding face and even his tone is always gruff, I can tell how impatient he is.

Even before I stepped inside the house, I could hear loud and clear female voices talking something in their native language that I obviously again don't understand.

First thing I do after heading back was to speed up my attempt in learning the damned language.

Tensed and apprehensive, I stepped inside the house and found myself in a small receiving hall. My eyes immediately landed on the small bed by the wall where a little baby was surrounded by two women and a young girl.

The three were happily cooing the baby and the baby boy was enjoying the attention with full of laughs and cackles.

My little man, you are still a baby but you still know how to attract attention. What am I to do with you?

Without thinking for another second, I ran to the bed and looked at my baby boy with tears rolling down my eyes. I couldn't help but feel bad for he had to go through with his small delicate body.

The three female members of the tribe stepped aside to give me enough space. I nodded in gratitude and quickly picked Igses into my arms and hugged him tightly as I cried loudly only I felt him alive and safe in my arms.

"Thank God you are alright. I nearly died of worry." I whispered to him and showered his little face with kisses.

Igses looked at me with a smile replacing his previous festive laughs. I could not believe that for the first time ever I saw love and concern for me in his eyes and to say he is only close to seven months old is shocking even to me.

How a seven months old baby give such an affectionate gaze like a matured person.

"The boy is overly protective over his mother. When we pulled you both out of the water, we couldn't get close to you as you were surrounded by a protective force from the boy." I could find hints of amazement in his old brooding voice.

Even the two ladies beside me looked at my son with awe.

I pressed a kiss over Igses head and hugged him closely again, reveling the feeling for few more minutes.

"Where is here?" I asked once my overwhelmed emotions were settled back to normal.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia and Igses are alive. Yayy!

Who saved the mother-son duo?

Acacia's first concern will always be for her son. Motherly love is indeed the best. Agree?

Igses being a protective son already at this young age is true challenge for his father to approach his mother. What say?

Will Tzalmon be able to find Acacia and Igses?

Who exactly pulled Acacia and igses into water in the first place?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 73
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"To the west? But sir to the west is -"

I pinned him down with a glare which spoke enough not to question me back and just do what was said to him.

With one more hard glare at him, I walked up to the deck after making sure the captain is using his full potential to speed up the ride.

On the deck stood Azar with his eyes closed as his frame was turned towards the direction of the west.

"I can sense her life force now, Majesty. Lady Acacia is doing fine." Azar spoke in a low tone as he opened his eyes and looked over vast sea in the west.

Azar is her protector chosen by fate so although he cannot tell clearly where she was now, he could sense her life force and general direction of her position if she was surrounded by a powerful shield and power.

With the help of pendant I gave her, I can tell she was alive but since Azar was her chosen protector, he is rather connected to her than I am.

Sometimes this irritates to hell but times like these, I was grateful to fates for giving Azar as a guard to Eblilis.

"But Majesty, we are closing to the western island of sandhills. If our intuition was right then I'm worried -"

"There is no hurry. With Igses, I don't think those both will be in an imminent danger for now. That boy is overly protective of his mother." Hearing my words, Azar looked at me in shock but did not question me back.

Soon by the time the night drew, we sailed smoothly, a little too smoothly, to the western island of sandhills.

This island is a vast one and isn't a part of silver islands. That is because there is no vegetation here and all the island has is endless sand.

A hot and dry desert in the middle of a sea.

Before the captain shouted for the ship to be anchored, I jumped on the shore and gave the endless hills of sand a look of contemplation.

One after the other, we started to walk into the island, leaving a few members of the crew back at the ship.

Even without going inside, I could tell that this place has no inhabitation. There was no living creature on these sands except for us.

Still, yet, I can feel their presence.

"You sense that Azar?" I asked and couldn't help but let of a mocking smile.

"The remnant power of a swallowing portal. It was mild but it is undoubtedly the swallowing portal." Azar exclaimed as his face turned grave.

The swallowing portal is one of the five abilities that only the royal family knows and only the highest member of the royal family can use.

Either my dear father or I can use this ability and now with the power my son holds, he might use it too if taught well.

My dear father cannot use his powers and abilities anymore because one, he is imprisoned and two, he is stripped down of most of his strength.

I did not create and use the portal for certain.

Igses, for a seven months old child, he does know of this type of portal yet whether he could or could not use.

In that case, who could've used it?

There was no other member of royal bloodline alive after the battle centuries ago and with the curse, the remaining guilty members of the royal family died.

"Send a message to Edus and Gyles of the situation and tell them to act accordingly." With a nod, Azar walked away to send over a message leaving me to think of the situation again.

Who could've have triggered the portal if not it was the three of us?

I got to the exact location where the portal was activated and tested the condition to determine who it was.

The air, humidity and the sand which still contained the remnant of the portal strength gave off the evidence that proved the small suspicion that I already had.

With a wave of my hand, a grey sparkling glow flowed from my palm into the sand as a huge bubble was formed. The bubble collected the remnants left by the portal for future use.

"It has been done, Majesty." Azar reported. "Who dared to pull this stunt on the Lady and young prince, your Majesty?"

I did not look back at him but did tell him to wait and he shall find out. "They are in no danger as of now. Call the secret force to search for them around. Leave the crew as one of the search parties here. As for us, follow me Azar, we have a long trip to take."

"Long trip? Your Majesty you mean we going to - but it is not possible for them to be there." Azar shook his head in denial as he was thoroughly shocked by the revelation.

"Let us not waste time on the possibilities. We need to leave now." I was in hurry but not rushed.

This is something I was prepared for a very long time. It is just that the variables have changed with Eblilis and Igses getting involved.

But then again, this is also not bad. Not bad for now.

Placing the blood stone in my hand, I opened the bubble with collected the remnants of the portal and induced my own power to open a full portal again.

Behind me Azar got ready and we crossed over. Walking out of the portal, I was now standing in the outskirts of small village. The night was deep and the village was filled with silence except for the sound of crickets and small animals from the mountain behind.

"I cannot sense Her Ladyship anywhere here, Majesty." Azar changed his attire and look with a wave of his hand.

"She is indeed not here. That is why we are here."

I was already in disguise so there was no need for me to change again but for Azar, changing his looks and attire was not enough. He needs to change his aura too.

Aura is one of the most used elements to determine the people of various clans and kingdoms. I took out a small vial of a portion, opened it and added a drop of my blood to it before giving it to Azar.

Without any question, he drank the potion and in no time his whole aura became that of locals.

"Control it. We should not come off too strong or too weak. Just the ordinary will be good."

"Understood, Majesty."

"Hold that Majesty back. Call me brother in law; after all you are my late wife only family who travel around with me."

"Understood, brother in law." I nodded in satisfaction before making a move towards the village.

"Let's meet your uncle now. He should be waiting for us." With a scoff, we walked towards the village stables.

Since the villagers are already deep in their sleep and the surroundings are too quite, we did not make any loud movements on our way.

A few minutes of walk later, we reached a modest hut right beside the village stables. I confidently walked to the door and stood there without knocking it.

A moment later, a middle aged man opened the door and smiled at us as he welcomed inside. As modest as the cabin is, it was not lacking any basic necessities.

Azar followed me inside with a confused frown as he observed everything in detail. Inside the cabin, a middle aged woman joined the man who open the door for us and welcomed us with a sincere and a polite smile.

"Meet your uncle and aunt, Mrs and Mr. Pouille, Azar. They are the ones who raised your sister while you were out to make a big life as a merchant." I introduced giving brief details to him.

"We welcome Majesty and Sir Azar to our humble cabin." The man said dropping on his knee followed by his wife.

"Careful there." I warned them. Even walls have ears. You might not know who might hear us from when and where so it is better to be careful from the beginning.

"Yes, yes. I got it, sir." I gave a curt nod. They led us to our bedchambers to rest.

"Keep an eye on the target and pass on the details to Azar." I whispered softly and the man nodded.

"Your background and identity was already arranged accordingly." Mr. Pouille informed, pleased with his efficient work.

After the couple left, I sat on the small bed and leaned back to the headrest while Azar stood silently before me.

"Why are we not looking for my sister and nephew, brother-in-law?"

"To not alert the enemy. We will find them naturally. The most important thing now is to find someone else. Since we are already here, let us finish him before he gets his complete freedom."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Didn't Acacia wake up on an island and saved by a tribe? Why is Tzalmon on a desert island then?

What exactly is swallowing portal and who used it to draw Acacia and Igses inside?

Long trip? Where exactly is this and why is Tzalmon not in a hurry to save Acacia and Igses when he was on an enemy land?

What did Tzalmon has in mind? What is he planning now?

Will Acacia and Igses meet Tzalmon soon safely?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 74
**Acacia Point of View**

Uh, why do I find the atmosphere right now is weird?

It can't be that hard to answer a simple question right?

The stillness in the air tells me that I and Igses landed somewhere that we shouldn't have. The three female company we have looked at me blankly while the old man features turned grave.

"You are the one who got me here right?" Please tell me I was wrong!

I kept chanting this on and on in my mind hoping he would prove me wrong. I kept looking at them with hopeful eyes only to be answered with silence.

"This is Shadow spirits territory." That very moment I experienced how it would be when a nuclear bomb was dropped on my head.

Shadow Spirits territory!

I feel like a tortilla that fell from hot pan into the fire pit directly. How come my situation was getting worst?

"I must've sinned greatly to be facing all this shit." I mumbled to myself and glared at the foreign territory people present in the room.

According to what I heard all these months from different people, these shadow spirits are crueler than Jerk and I think Jerk cannot beat anyone in his cruelty.

"I thought you have no access and power in that territory? How did you manage to even bring us here?" I calmed myself down and sat on the chair nearby with Igses in my arms.

"A tremendous amount of effort and risk was taken." The old man answered curtly.

"How magnanimous." I scoffed. "Who was it, anyway? Who exerted such effort to pull us here?"

"The chief. You shall meet him soon, Milady." I feel like a football being kicked by people all over the place.

Seriously! What am I even doing in this fantasy world?

I just want to strangle all these people. All of them from both the kingdoms and territories.

They just act as they like when it comes to me.

"You people truly lack manners. If you have something you need me for then you could've invited me, asked me properly. How the hell are you all made from the same cloth when it comes to matters regarding me?" I shook my head not knowing what to think of these people anymore.

That Jerk! He said he is unusually powerful?

I can now see how powerful he is!

Just anyone can come into his turf and kidnap people without his knowledge and all he can do is boast about his powers and people like a pretentious politician.

"We apologize for the audacity, Milady. However, we did not mean to insult or anger you. We only want your help and with him over there, we cannot do that." I looked at old man thinking if he already lost his mind or in the process of losing it completely.

"I can see how hard you are trying not to insult and anger me. Certainly, this is least bit insulting." At this point, if there is a place where I can just live my son peacefully, then I won't mind what and where ever that place is.

"So, am I going to meet the second Jerk of the curse-breaking ceremony?" I asked totally aggravated.

I didn't care if they get offended by my words. I mean, look at them; they want me to ask a favor from me and they even drowned, almost killed me and my son for this.

Say, after this, with which face will they ask for the favor and how did they think I will do it for them?

When I did not get any response from the old man, I frowned at his silence and glared at him. "What now? Will your chief be the next one to secretly impregnate me to get what he wants?"

Thinking about how I suffered all those months in the castle all alone and pregnant, I'm still heartbroken as much as I was then. Even though the end result was birth of such an amazing son, I cannot just forget those months of darkness.

Just a thought of it makes me disgusted!

I somehow feel like a prostitute and a baby carrier for these heartless and unreasonable people.

"Our chief is most respectable person, Milady." Ah, the most respectable person! I've seen them a lot on the other territory.

Apparently, over there, Jerk was the most respectable person anyone has ever known.

"You have a totally different definition for being respectable."

The old man pretended to not hear what I said and ordered the women something in their language as the women hurried out leaving only the old man and young girl in the room.

"Food will be served soon, Milady. Please make yourself comfortable." The old man spoke as he ordered the young girl something before leaving the room.

The young girl walked to me and spread her hands before me gesturing me to give Igses to her. I cannot help but feel scared and extremely displeased by this action.

"No thank you. I can take care of my own son." I can't trust anyone here. No matter how young and innocent they looked.

The young girl retreated back with her eyes still on my son. I don't like that look in her eyes at all.

There was a type of obsession in her eyes that even gave me chills. For an early teen girl to give such a look to a small child, I don't know what to take it as.

Nonetheless, I did understand that I need to keep my little man away from this girl.

Pulling my son up in my arms I whispered in his ear softly, "You cannot trust anyone here and not at all this girl. Stay vigilant." I told him.

This little one is much more matured than his age. It would be good to let him know beforehand so he can protect himself in case I failed him someday.

Several minutes later, my dinner arrived and I had my fill. They want me alive so I don't think they would drug me so without any doubt, I ate a lot.

Thankfully, the food is to my liking.

The whole time I was having my dinner, I did not let go of Igses for two main reasons; one, the young girl scared me and two, these people are enemies of Igses father. I could be an important person for them for a period of time but Igses is still their enemy's son.

The old man said that there was a powerful shield around when I was afloat. I know Igses was the one who protected me and seeing him fine and well, I could guess that the little boy power is much higher than these shadow spirits.

Even though Igses can protect himself, it should be me who should protect him in the first place and keep him out of any danger.

He should use his magic as last resort.

By the time I finished my dinner and the table was cleaned, there was only the young girl who was standing to a side silently as she was observing us.

"How many days was I in coma?" I asked hoping she would understand me.

She raised her hand and showed two fingers to which I nodded. So she understands me but cannot reply back.

"What is your name?"

"Dynoh." I nodded again and turned back to Igses. I asked for a shawl or a small blanket and when she gave it to me, I wrapped in around my shoulder and unbuttoned to feed Igses.

"See that no one comes inside." I told her and waved at her to leave. With one last look at Igses who was completely covered in blanket, she left the room with a small bow.

This girl is not safe. Not for my son, surely.

I wonder what her motive is.

While Igses having his food, my brain reeled back to the events that happened before. It felt like déjà vu.

The first time I floated to an island a year and half ago was in a similar manner and following that, I suffered a lot. Now, it happened again.

I almost died but was now on another unfamiliar ground but this time, even with many people around, I feel as much lost and anxious as I was before.

Will this go on forever?

I know. I know very well why I was here. The curse on the shadow spirits was not lifted completely and I was break the curse for them.

I don't know what I should do. Should I help them relieve from the curse?

Should I not free them?

If I free them from the curse, I believe I and Igses might not leave this place safely. If I do not free them, we might still not leave this place and might face many troubles.

As much as I hope, I know I cannot escape this place just like I cannot escape Jerk.

"God help me strangle these people." I groaned softly in annoyance.

"I might help you with that, Lady Dawn." I jerked at the sudden voice and looked around to see what kind of man entered the room without knocking the door.

A young man who was around the same age as Jerk appeared before me out of thin air.
**
~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia and Igses are on Shadow spirits territory?

Finally they got hold on Acacia. But will Igses be safe there?

Poor Acacia, she keeps on getting pulled and pushed by people. They don't even know how to ask for help.

I'm so agitated for Acacia. Who else?

It's good that Igses was there with Acacia despite the danger, right? Your views?

That Dynoh girl is creepy right? Why is she looking at Igses like that?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 75
**Acacia Point of View**

"Get out."

The intruder did not expect such reaction from me clearly. But he cannot blame me for this. For a person that belongs to an orthodox and an ancient era and culture, he should know to knock or announce before entering a room.

Especially when there is a woman who is breastfeeding her child and has already given explicit orders to never let anyone inside.

The intruder, who looked very dangerous from every pore of his body, stared down at me speechless.

"Don't stare. Turn around and leave." I chided tightening the blanket around me.

He has no manners!

But then again, most of the men I've met after coming to this mystical place are either too shameless or too ruthless.

When I think about it, I wonder which is better; dealing with a shameless person or dealing with a ruthless person.

The intruder frowned but turned around and left the room nonetheless. By the time he left, Igses was done with having his dinner milk and without any delay, I buttoned up my dress again.

These darned supernatural people keeping popping up everywhere as they like and also has an ability to be invisible. God knows who else are here, around me, hidden from human eye but still has their eyes on me.

Too creepy!

"Little man, you have to be careful here. Heed my words, I don't trust these people more than the degree of my distrust on your father and his people. You better don't let people have an evil eye on you." I whispered in Igses ear softly so that not even the invisible people can hear.

After I wiped Igses mouth and wrapped him in the blanket, I picked him up and walked out of the cabin. One step out of the threshold, Dynoh was already there in front of me, spreading her hands towards me as she stepped forward to take Igses from me.

I took a step back instinctively and frowned at her, "There is no need. I can carry my son. Do not touch my son without my permission from now on."

This girl, as young as she looks, seems very much like a devil to me.

The way she keeps getting close to my son every chance gives me a danger alert. When she grimaced at my words my intuition towards her strengthened by bounds.

"Where is he?" I asked looking around for the shameless intruder from before. Dynoh was confused for a moment but the next second realized whom I was talking about. She waved her hand gesturing me to follow her.

Wordlessly, I followed her through the rows of houses and came to a building that looked like a community hall that a normal village would have.

The community hall was neither big nor small but can easily fit a hundred people with ease. There was a table surrounded by chairs on one side of the hall while the other side was left vacant.

At the head of the table sat the dangerous looking intruder from before and it looks like he is glaring at the table quite passionately.

Did I offend him earlier?

He can't be offended for something he did wrong in the first place.

Nevermind. Let's know who the heck he is and what exactly his problem is.

As we closed in, he heard our footsteps and immediately stood up and looked at me with a very small but still visible scowl.

"Lady Dawn." If a growl can sound polite, then it would sound like this. He is clearly displeased but he cannot be helped but be polite with me.

I shook my head lightly and walked to the chair opposite to his. "And what may I address you as?"

"I'm called Lerno, the commander in chief and only second to His Excellence." He said gruffly.

"Who is His Excellence?" I thought the leader of the shadow spirits people got me here?

Who is this Excellence now?

"His Excellence, Zyl Vizac." He exclaimed dramatically as if I should know who this Excellence guy is.

"And who exactly is he? Never heard of him." I croaked my head to side and asked. Not only Lerno but Dynoh also gave me a surprised, more like an upset look.

Do I look like I grew up with this Zyl guy that I have to know him? Lerno should know better ways to introduce people.

"His Excellence is the leader and ruler of our people and our territory." Ah so that is who he is.

"Alright. So what am I doing here? Clearly, you and your excellence must the one who pulled me and my son to this place." I asked him sternly and did not forget to give him a glare.

I did not hide how displeased I am and how much I hate the stunt they pulled on me and my son.

"Relieve us from the curse."

"How pleading. I can almost hear hiccups from your tone." I scoffed at the he was asking me to relieve them from the curse.

It was more like an order!

"Don't you people know what a formal invitation is? Normally, when you seek a favor from someone, you have to be genuinely polite and seek their appointment first to tell them about your trouble. That is how it goes. Kidnapping the one who holds the key to your freedom is the last thing one should do if they are expecting help." Lerno did not speak anything but the way he looked at me can be counted as thousands of words.

He or his excellence does not plead anyone, clearly. The words 'plead' and 'favor' must have offended him more than hundred cuss words would have.

What a fate I have! I keep meeting worst people one after the other and every other one that comes later precedes the earlier one.

"His Excellence shall meet you soon. We will be leaving to the capital city in two days. His excellence shall attend you from thereafter." Right after he said that, he left without even taking a second look back.

This attitude - Seems like I will be suffering another episode of troubles soon.

However, this time, I learnt well. I know I cannot leave or escape. I do not know this place and how I should go back nor can I fight back. It will be clever for me and Igses to just go with lerno's plan and meet their leader.

If I were to deal with these people or have a deal with them, it would be better to see what type of their leader is first.

When I have no other way, going with flow will keep us safer for now.

With a sigh, I looked back at Dynoh who was standing next to me with her head held down. I was once a person who would hardly got angry at anyone.

Now look at me, every time I open my mouth, it was mostly sarcasm that was spit out. My instincts are even driving me against a teenage girl.

Still, being a difficult person and rude to others is better in my seat. These people, young or old, are too manipulative. Who knows how many are plotting against me at this very moment.

Dynoh led me to the room I woke up in and somehow managed to explain that the room belongs to me for the next few days of my stay.

That night, I could only sleep lightly with the fear that someone would come and take Igses away from me. That someone, mainly being, Dynoh.

The next two days went on as expected. I was given food and other necessities and was treated cordially by the villagers. Lerno was nowhere to be seen while Dynoh was conveniently acting as my help to my chagrin.

These two days, I never let anyone touch my son, not even when I was in bathroom. I even took him into the bathroom just so I can keep an eye on him.

I only let Circe take care of Igses for few minutes without my presence only after observing her for good three months. How can I trust my son with anyone here then?

Not Dynoh the least!

Two days later, a huge royal type carriage was waiting outside early in the morning. Lerno tipped his head with a bow when we stepped out and offered his hand to take it and get into the carriage.

Once I was in the carriage, the first thing I saw was the crib that was installed in the middle in the same way how I ordered the carriages back in Oudad to have.

I froze for a moment when I saw it and suddenly understood that they must've been keeping an eye on me from a very long time.

Checking and testing the crib, I laid Igses in it once I thought it was fine. Beside the carriage, Lerno hopped on a dark brown war horse as he spoke to a few guards in their native language.

I closed my eyes and prepared myself for the next big change that was going to come in my life. I prepared myself on how to handle everything on different situations.

Finally, I was preparing myself for this trip to the capital city.

But what I did not prepare was -

For Dynoh to get in to the carriage and travel with us.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Poor Acacia; she has been pulled and pushed everywhere without her will. Her life is truly getting difficult every passing day.

Who think Acacia is being rude?

Acacia's prejudice against Dynoh; is it understandable?

Lerno has no manner. You think?

Will Lerno be able to deliver Acacia safely to His Excellence in the capital city?

Why is Tzalmon still not here to save Acacia and his son?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 76
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"We received a word from our people, Majesty."

"Did they leave for the capital city?"

"Yes, early this morning Lady was escorted by Commander Lerno and his guards."

"Good." I nodded curtly and closed my eyes for a moment to put the next phase of my plan into motion.

"Are we not following Her Grace to the capital city?" I looked at the frown Azar was giving me and raised a brow at him for his impatience.

He has been under my command for more than two centuries now and yet he gets impatient sometimes.

"This is the time we practice patience, Azar. Make no mistake, Eblilis and my son shall be safe and back by my side soon. However, putting an end to shadow spirits is also important. Now that the opportunity was given to us on a golden platter, why not use it wisely."

Lifting the curse on Shadow spirits is not as easy as it was for my kingdom. The almighty leader Zyl Vizac had everything planned out but he still missed out a small detail.

No matter into what and how they evolve into, I am and will be their King forever. That is the law set by the nature itself.

Although Eblilis is the key to their freedom, I am still their king whether they like it or not. How can any ritual or any practice be successful without the participation and agreement of their king?

It looks like the show down between me and Lord Zyl Vizac would be a fun one.

"But, you have sent Lady Dawn to Oudad, away from the capital and palace just to keep her away from these scums. Now that she was taken by them, she could be in danger." As her protector, I can understand Azar's worry.

It is in his nature and code of his duty to be protective of their destined master. But this is not the time to act impulsively.

"You learnt disobedience from your master, Azar. You now have nerve to question me. She truly has great influence on people around her." With a scowl, I released my aura targeted only to him making him drop on his knees.

After spending a few months under her command, I can see a lot of courage in my people when it comes to questioning me and speaking up to me.

That woman, not only is she against me she is also preparing an army against me.

But the thought, surprisingly, did not anger me. As startling and it is, the thought of Eblilis going against me made me want to smile.

"I dare not, Your Majesty."

"I can see how daring you can be. Nonetheless, she will be alright for now. All these months, sending her to Oudad, do you think I did not make necessary preparations for every possibility?" Leaving Azar to his own thoughts, I sent a missive to my people to stand attention and be vigilant always.

If I want to, I can go to the capital city, save Eblilis and my son and take them back to my kingdom without even sweating a drop. In that case, not even Zyl Vizac is a match to me.

Over the past few months, other than staying beside Eblilis as Aguelli, I also made sure I got all of my previous power back. I had also made several traps over past few months to catch all the rats that are rotting my kingdom.

With only half the curse lifted, Zyl Vizac is no match.

But then again, it would be extremely satisfying if I give them the hope that they shall have their freedom soon and then snatch it away when they are just one step away from it.

I will let him believe he succeeded. I will let him think he won. I will let him imagine the taste of success until I step in the last moment and burn it down to ashes.

Centuries of hatred, he and my dear father almost wiped away my whole kingdom for their own greed. Now it was my turn to return back with due interest.

Doesn't he want Eblilis? Why not I give him that?

"If that pest thought the lady who has key for their freedom is just a woman, then he will be in a shock. She is the only woman who dared to slap me and defy my every command and still got away with it. By the time I have my sweet revenge, considering Eblilis temper, Zyl Vizac shall have a very hard time from here forth." I mumbled to myself with a smirk.

If it was someone else or if Eblilis was like every other woman I know of, then I would've locked her somewhere not even a fly could reach her.

However, Acacia Dawn Winters is anything but a normal and an ordinary woman. One, her lifeline is too strong and two, she knows how to turn situation to her favor.

I'm putting my hope on you Eblilis. You should not disappoint me and wait for me to rescue you. I'm expecting turbulent times on Shadow spirits territory soon.

Exactly five days later, I received the news that Lerno has safely escorted Eblilis to the capital city to Vizac grand castle where she shall be staying henceforth.

In the meanwhile I and Azar have made the villagers and the other villages around believe of our identity. A widower brother-in-law and a brother of a dead sister as wandering merchants, pretty believable.

Now, no matter who asks, we have a solid identification and recognition.

After spending nearly a week in the village, I and Azar left to the grasslands to meet up with major team of my spies.

"Grasslands are on the opposite direction from the capital city." Azar mumbled with no confidence at all.

"We are wiping away all the suspicious loops of our presence in case of future troubles. It has been a very long time we roamed these lands, Azar. Let us enjoy when we are here."

"The Lady is in the capital city under Vizac's surveillance." I stopped in my tracks when I heard displeasure in Azar's tone.

This man is getting out of hand every passing day.

"You are asking for your death if you have any designs on the only lady you shouldn't have on." I went stiff as the warning in my voice and body was clearly shown.

Azar nearly melted himself into sweat when my words hit him and immediately knelt down in front of me assuring me that he has no such evil ideas at all.

"I dare not, Majesty. This is purely my worry as a protector of Lady and when young prince is also in the enemy territory, I was only concerned for them as a protector."

"You will live if what you said is true. Make no mistake Azar, if there is any other man who has his eyes on Eblilis, he shall either keep his eyes and die or not keep his eyes at all and live a life worse than death." I spoke in low deadly tone to make certain he gets the right message.

No one, absolutely no one will live to see the next sunrise if they have any other ideas on the lady who belongs to me.

"You misunderstood, Majesty. I will never have such ideas and this is an oath on my life. She is my future queen and my master." Only after I detected absolute genuineness and loyalty from his words and voice did I relax a bit.

"Regarding, Zyl Vizac, he will not be able to touch her. Not now, not ever. Just because he has her under his watch does not mean he can do anything with her. If I was not entirely certain, I wouldn't send my woman to someone else." I continued to walk through patches of wet grass as I returned to enjoy the climatic change.

If it wasn't for those traitors, this would still belong to my kingdom. One day, I will get it back no matter what.

For good few moments, Azar wordlessly followed me silently and would only reply when asked something. He had already informed the head spy of my visit and they are expecting me to their den soon.

A day and night of travelling like normal merchants, the next morning, Azar received the news that Zyl Vizac finally met Eblilis and as expected, it did not bode well for the grand Lord.

The details of what exactly happened is not clear yet but according to the source, the grand Lord Vizac left the room in disappointment and anger while Eblilis was unharmed, relaxed and was even smiling to herself.

She is indeed queen of driving people to insanity.

It will be interesting to see how long she would hold it.

"The source also mentioned that Vizac tried to find out the whereabouts of the previous King; but this round he was desperately looking for it."

"Now that Eblilis is with him, he only needs dear father to achieve his goal. Say, should we help him find my father or should we let him try his own luck?"

"Majesty? Why should we -"

"Didn't I already help him once; a few days ago!" I chuckled as I rubbed my chin thoughtfully.

Should I help him again or not?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Why is Tzalmon so relaxed when the very woman who can either make or break his whole kingdom is in enemy's territory?

Here, Tzalmon was being overly possessive of her, yet he is not worried of having her in enemy's domain.

What does Tzalmon mean he helped Zyl Vizac a few days ago?

What and why did he help his enemy with?

Why do I have a very bad feeling here?

Is it Zyl Vizac turn to have bad time due to Acacia now? 

What will Acacia do to drive Vizac into insanity?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim 
**

###chapter 77
**Acacia Point of View**

If my life is written as a novel, it would get as popular as Harry Potter for sure.

Every twist and turn, I had to twist and turn. I'm getting so exhausted of it that praying for a few normal days is like a boon to me.

Every step, there is a danger lurking around me. Even though I'm supposed to be the most important person for both the kingdoms, I was treated otherwise.

These people just take me where ever and whenever they want without even asking for my consent. Like a doll, I've been pulled and pushed into hands, this makes me exhausted.

All the while, I've been holding back myself because Igses was my anchor. He was the last thread of patience and endurance I have.

For him, I don't want to get myself into anything that might lead to him in danger.

I don't know why these people fail to realize that I'm a human being and have feeling of my own. Is it alright for them to do as they please just because they are stronger?

In the midst of all this, I don't even have a trusted person to lend their shoulder to me to cry out my pain.

As if Jerk was not jerk enough and as if he hadn't made me sad enough, another person added to that list.

The very person standing right in front of me.

Zyl Vizac. Leader and Lord of Shadow spirits.

If Jerk looks royally screwed up nutcase of a male masochist, the person standing before me is like a very definition of psychopath.

The very first glance at him, I felt a shiver run down my spine. He did not just give off a dangerous vibe but the feeling he gave off was purely top grade sinister.

"How was your stay here in the past two days?" He grumbled in a throaty tone bringing out the deeply buried cowardice back to tracks; so I chose to keep silence.

It has been two days I was delivered to the grand castle of Vizac and this is the first meeting between the grand Lord and I.

"You don't have to be scared of me." I nearly scoffed when I heard him say those half hearted words.

"Then should I be happy that I and my child were kidnapped by a stranger?" Although I didn't want to be sarcastic, these people are truly trying out my patience.

The monstrously bulky Lord groaned in disapproval as he looked down at me gravely. I wanted to shrink back at the expression he gave me, I almost did too but when I think about how I and my son are victims here and how this person is not at all guilty or sorry for his actions, I'm pissed off.

"Do not for a moment think that just because you are important to break our curse completely, you can talk and do as you wish. This is not Dr'helellis kingdom to tolerate your tantrums. I am not kind enough" One moment he was few steps away from me and the next his face was just a couple inches away from mine.

The way he threatened me, I - did not feel anything. It was even a surprise to me that I did not feel any kind of dangerous aura from him.

With a frown, he stepped back and looked at me in contemplation and then his eyes strayed towards my son who was sleeping peacefully in my arms. As if he has the answers to his doubts, his frown deepened.

That was when I understood. The protection shield that my Igses put on me when he was only weeks baby was obstructing the monstrous Lord from using his influence and power on me.

While I realized that just like how Jerk's power does not affect me, Zyl Vizac's power too does not. However, in case of the latter, there was still the unknown danger so it must be because he has a chance and a way to hurt me.

This must be why Igses has the shield on me by coincidence.

Of course, there is still one man I can still trust and depend on. Even though I am the mother and I am the adult, it was always this baby that has been protecting me and taking care of me.

Good thing I do not trust Dynoh with him and take him everywhere I go.

"You do not have to pressure yourself. Even though you kneel before the skies and pray for my wellbeing for thousands of years to the heavens, I will still not label you as a kind person. You just don't have the potential in you. However, for someone who needs something in return from me, you astonishingly have great hospitality towards your prospective savior. Was it inherited by birth or did you learn it from somewhere?"

"Such a sharp tongue for a merely woman." He grumbled lously and pretty angrily.

"Such a rascal for a merely cursed and damned." Well take that. I am not going down in this battle.

You dare to threaten me. I'm so done with this.

"You -" He stomped madly towards me but this time, I did not take the help of protecting shield but instead raised my head and glared at him so hard that for a moment there, his steps faltered.

"You better keep your tail between your legs and behave yourself. Just because you kidnapped us and have me and my son under your watch, it does not mean we are under your mercy. Trust me when I say that I have experienced and learnt a lot in these past couple years. You might be powerful and deadly but I am a victim and a mother. If I were you, I would be careful and kind to me." In a low deadly voice, I made sure to give him the message directly.

"One day, I will kill you and your so -" He pointed his finger at me but I him off.

"That day will come when you will be able to break out of the curse. I will not let that happen." Kill me, I'm not worried but how dare you threaten me with my son's life?

"You will do what I say and break the curse." Huh! The nerve of this man!

"You know, I realized something over these past few years of my time here on this land. I may be a mere woman in the eyes of your people but I hold more power than the King himself. Power as in, not the magic; power as in, authority. If you could really force me to do what you want, I would not be sitting here and having this chat with you. Anyways, now that you got me here without my permission and will; this is the last thing you did by force against me. As I see, just like the Jerk of the King, you also do not have manners. Since I'm here now, I will let you know what being humble is." I stood up and looked dead into his eyes.

Well, since you brought it upon yourself, I will make your life different from what you thought. You actually dared to threaten me with my dear son's life.

Alright, let me show you the anger of a mother.

You ungrateful monstrous dirt water of a slum!

He breathed heavily as his tall heavy body looked down at me in rage. A few moments of glaring down at me, he turned around and was about to walk out when I stopped him.

"Wait." And he stopped in his tracks and turned back with the same rage. I walked to him until I was only a feet away from him and then raised my hand and slapped him hard.

I know he will not even feel like a fly sitting on his cheek and instead my hand hurt a little by slapping him but I still did it.

"This is for thinking of hurting my son. If you don't want to be drowned in another curse, stay away from me and my son." I said and waved my hand gesturing him to go away.

Seems like while my words angered him, my slap loosened a screw in his brain. He gaped at me as if I was the new hybrid creature from Amazon forest. Nevertheless, when he realized that he was actually slapped by a mere woman, the rage from before intensified.

I thought he would at least raise his hand on me but he gritted his teeth; ground them to almost powder before stomping out as if his pants are on fire.

I swallowed my own anger and breathed in and out for a few times to compose myself. Reflexively, I tightened my arms around the sleeping figure of my son and placed a kiss on his head.

Thinking back to how that monster did not feel any hitch in threatening my son's life, a tear of sorrow rolled down from my eyes.

I know, with Igses's power, he will be fine even without my protection but the mere thought of some man coming to me and telling me he would kill my son, it made me realize how necessary it is for me to take my son back to my own world.

This world is too treacherous and heartless.
**
~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Show down between Acacia and Zyl. Your views?

Zyl Vizac has nerve to threaten Acacia's and Igses life. He is bad. What do you say?

Who feel sorry for Acacia? In these tough times, she doesn't even have a shoulder to cry on. It must be very tough for her. Is it not?

Would you be able to stay calm and accepting if it were you in her place?

Over the past several months, Acacia matured well. Don't you think so?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 78
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"I admire her a lot."

"You mean, Lady Dawn."

"Yes, who else would I talk about?"

"Pray why do you admire her? She is now in the hands of our mortal enemy and you choose to admire her than save her?"

I stopped in my tracks when I heard the series of whispering going around. Leaning against the door, I stealthily stepped closer to hear the ongoing exchange.

I was currently at the main hide of my spies which looks like an ordinary carriage-house to people but which is in fact a place where my spies work under its cover.

Every information shall pass through this place and only after checking its authenticity will it reach me. But this is the place, my people who work here are too efficient in their work that they get nearly all the information even from the inner courts of Vizac castle.

I wonder what made people talk about Eblilis in such admiration. Did something happen that I didn't know yet.

"This is the information we got just now and chief is still checking the accuracy of it before presenting it to His Majesty. But let me tell you what; I know what the latest news is." The one who seems to admire Eblilis a lot spoke.

After lifting up the curiosity of the three other of his coworkers, he finally spoke again. "You know that after meeting Her Grace for the first time, Lord Vizac has stromed out in anger, yes?"

"Of course, we do. Didn't Her Grace met his threat eye to eye and promised to kill him if he cross his limitations?"

"That is right. Now we got the news that Lord Vizac visited her again to prompt answers about the previous king and his possible whereabouts. You know no one other than His Majesty himself does not know where the previous king was." What a fool. Vizac wanted to know the whereabouts from her?

I intentionally hid all the details from her preparing for this day if it ever came. He must be an idiot to ask Eblilis.

"Her Grace does not know as well?"

"Oh yes. She does not. She does not know anything about the origin of the curse."

"Then how must have her grace got out of the fix?"

"Didn't I tell you that I admire Her Grace a lot? This is why it is. Even though she does not have any knowledge on such an issue, the particulars of the recent missive say that Her Grace made up a story of how she once eavesdropped on Majesty talking of such a matter once and vaguely know the direction of the place." Why do I feel like she has been digging a pit for not just Vizac but also for me?

It is either she really knew of the general direction or she does not at all. No matter what, both the options shall pose a hurdle for me and Vizac.

Did she really know or was it just a made up story?

"But will the Lord believe her?"

"Obviously he doesn't until he confirms it himself and Lady Dawn knows that so she said that the previous king was actually imprisoned and hid in a place where no one can even think of."

A place no one can think of?

What is she playing at now?

Suddenly I feel like Vizac must've annoyed her too much for her to make up a story like this. Is she doing something to rattle him?

It is dangerous though!

"According to person who reported the matter, her exact words are 'I only know that the King once said to one of his subordinates that his father was kept in a place where no one can even think of. After all, the most dangerous place is the safest place'."

"The most dangerous place is the safest one! Where is this place?" One of the three listeners asked.

However, I do not need ask the same. I think I know the answer to it and even I admire the way how well she played this card.

"Your Majesty." The chief of the spies bowed before me and addressed me with respect. On hearing the throaty loud and stern voice of their chief, the four men stopped gossiping and ran to where we are.

All the four knelt before me and bowed their heads as they apologized several time for daring to tittle-tattle about the royalty's matters.

"Just like how I heard you, anyone could have heard your chitchat. There is a place to disclose secret matters and you chose to discuss them in the open causing for others to hear accidentally. Your chief will punish you accordingly which serves as a lesson to you all." I nodded firmly at their chief and walked off to the secret room where issues like these are discussed.

After announcing their punishments, the chief of spies followed me back to the secret room and placed an envelope on the table in front of me.

"Did you check it? Was what he was saying true?" Wasting not a moment, I asked him as I tore the envelope and opened the missive.

"Indeed, Majesty. We did came to know that Lord Vizac has done something to annoy Her Grace again but we do not know what it was yet. So this must be the way she is seeking her revenge on him." The chief, although stoically, smiled a little.

This is indeed a very smart move by her. I have to give it to her for this.

"The most dangerous place is the safest one. The territory of Shadow spirits will be in mayhem henceforth. She must've angered terribly for her to do this. Find out what exactly happened that made her so furious. Also, tell all our spies to be extra cautious and play their roles accordingly." I ordered as I trapped the table with my fingers while several thoughts came to my mind.

Although I was taking the chance of her getting kidnapped as a way to end Vizac and his lot, knowing or unknowingly, Eblilis helped me in this task.

Well done.

"I fail to understand why you are confident that Lord Vizac would believe and act on what Lady Dawn said." That's because you don't know her.

When she is rattled rightly, she is the craftiest person I've ever known. Even I cannot compete with her in such case.

"There are two possibilities and both shall be in her favor, in our favor, whatsoever. Say, Vizac believed her, then as any intelligent man he would know that the place she mentioned was in his own territory. He shall uproot the whole province to find the subject in question. In the process, he will definitely understand that to keep the person he wanted imprisoned in his own territory without him knowing, there must be help from one of his close people. Or else it is not possible to maintain this secret for more than a century."

The chief's eyes brightened immediately and exclaimed in surprise. "And if Lord Vizac did not believe Her Grace, there will still be a seed of doubt in his mind which will make him even suspect his loyal men at one point. I had to give it to Lady Dawn, her strategy was amazing."

Agreed! She is indeed amazing.

Though, I wonder what made her so enraged in the first place that she chose to destroy the shadow spirits with the hands of their own leader.

What did that pest do to her?

Son, when I decided to leave your mother in the enemy's hands for a while, I was depending on you to protect your mother well. You have to do well.

With a frown, the thought that Vizac enraged her to such an extent made me a little anxious. She always despised me but she did not do anything of this sort back in the kingdom. For her to take a decision like this and formulate a strategy as such, what exactly transpired there.

"Find out what happened as quickly as possible. Get our people to prioritize the Lady's and the prince's safety first."

"As you command, Majesty." I saw him comply with my orders immediately. After arranging what was ordered he came back to the secret room to take his further orders.

This makes me think if I was wrong in taking a risk in allowing Vizac to capture her. After all, without my deliberate effort, how was he able to reach Silver islands and open a swallowing portal?

If it was not for my deliberate attempt, would it be so effortless to have Eblilis in his grasp?

While I did risk a lot in this, I only wanted to eliminate the last of threat as soon as possible. I could do it because I know for certain that my son is hundred times more powerful than Vizac and have the power to protect his mother instinctively.

"Find a way for me to meet her."
**
~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

What must have happened that Acacia chose this way to deal with Vizac and his people?

Wait, Tzalmon deliberately let Vizac capture Acacia and Igses?

Is he mad for taking such a risk just to wipe out his enemies?

What happens if Acacia knows this? 

Tzalmon is wrong in doing so. What do you think?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 79
**Acacia Point of View**

Zyl Vizac was a vicious person, I knew that. But never had I thought he would time and again threaten me with my son's life even after my previous warning.

As if he was not enough, Dynoh has been giving me these creepy feelings every time she looks at my son. I can clearly read the sentence, 'I want to rob this rob away' in her eyes every single time she looks at him.

Not allowed to leave the small courtyard I was staying in, with the only help of Dynoh that prefer not to have, I again find myself in a fix of what to do next.

Lerno has been keeping an eye on me from the shadows and both the times I met Lord Vizac was no less than a disaster.

These past few days, I realized something yet again. Even though the bedchamber and the courtyard I was living in was beautiful, it held no warmth. No matter how gorgeous it is, if the resident is not living there happily, then even it is made of gold and diamonds, it has no worth.

I miss my home. Home as in the one in my world and for some reason Treasure palace as well!

At least in Treasure palace, I lived my life as per my will there even though I did not have freedom over many things. However, here, in Vizac castle, I find myself in a similar situation from several months ago when I was locked in the castle all alone and scared.

This time, I'm happy I have the most important person in my life with me; my son. Although he was in much dangerous situation, I'm still grateful for his presence since I know I will do anything to keep him safe and happy.

These past few days of my stay here, I came to learn many things that I didn't and couldn't back in Jerk kingdom. He never revealed any details regarding the situation of the curse not did he let anyone do so. Not only about the curse but he also managed to close doors to any simple information about his race, kingdom and people.

A few of these things, I was able to learn them in the past few days thanks to Lord Vizac's loose tongue and short temper. Getting information from him when he was provoked was particularly easy.

That was how I learnt some hard truths and realized some facts by myself.

If I despised Jerk before, then my feelings for him are now beyond despise and beyond describable. I hoped his silence and passive approach from his side during past few months would make me hate him a little less but when I realized and knew of things what he did stealthily, I give up on my hope.

Pacing around in the room, I felt like the random puzzles and unanswered doubts in my mind now have a path to link them. If I could manage to know more about Jerk and his kingdom, maybe I can even leave this place with my son even without anyone's help.

"So, there was this man who was the previous king of the Unified race and Jerk's father. He did something with ill-intentions with the help and support of Lord Vizac which brought a curse upon the whole kingdom even though it was divided. Now, Lord Vizac is looking for the place where the previous king was imprisoned so they can reunite and do something very back unnatural and unlawful again." I jotted down what I managed to understand from the recent trashing with Lord Vizac.

Let's see now;

Jerk was the true King to the throne and is known as the ruler who abides the natural laws like a mantra. Even though his attitude and character is shitty, he is indeed popular for his unwavering principles when it comes to following the laws.

Although they said I was the person to break the curse, I slowly understood that the birth of Igses was also a part of breaking the curse completely off from Jerk and his people.

Jerk's father is the previous king who did something bad out of his own greed which resulted in evolution of a new kind among them and the division of the territory. I don't know what and how he did it, but whatever he did created shadow spirits and made them too powerful.

Right now, Jerk has his evil father imprisoned somewhere and Lord Vizac for some reason thinks I know where it is. It's not like I was treated well and was informed of everything that I should know about those things. Good thing I had my wits and guard up that I made Vizac think that his creator was imprisoned somewhere in his territory. He believes it or not, I will gain from it. I will not have to deal with him for some time.

For Lord Vizac to know about me and activities in Jerk's kingdom, he certainly has his spies well planted inside. Then the same goes with Jerk as well. If Vizac can have his spies there, Jerk too can have better network here. In that case, it will not take much time for the recent happenings to reach his ears.

I feel, I know he is here in Shadow spirits territory.

Why wouldn't he when he deliberately -

"Lady Dawn! Milady." I heard Lerno's voice from outside as he knocked the door. Since I asked Dynoh to not stay around unless asked for, I was left with no helper and chaperone.

With a glance towards Igses who was enjoying the thrill of turning and trying to crawl, I went to open the door assured. A few feet away from the door, he stood in distance with his usual grimace and cold attitude.

Addressing me as Lady respectfully was only for a namesake.

"What's the matter?" I asked at the door as I have no intentions of letting him inside.

"There was a cloth trader in the city. The head maidservant said you have no proper clothes so she has invited him to the receiving room for you. Please proceed to select a few and the seamstress shall stitch them for you."

You did not really give me a chance to pack my bag for my unexpected visitations.

I nodded and went back to where Igses was playing. Picking him up, I wordlessly followed him to the said receiving hall.

Two men in their early thirties were waiting for me with huge packages of clothing rolls. The head maidservant of the palace, whose name I don't know but who was always very cold to me, was also there.

Although coldly, she gave me a curt bow and led me to the sofa and the two men gave me a deep bow.

"We have all the newest work and embroidery with smoothest and rich cloth, Milady. They will look good on you." The one who seems to be the main trader spoke flatteringly.

From the bag, he pulled out few rolls of cloths of different colors and designs. "Look at this, Milady. The color, cloth and embroidery, all fit to be worn by a royal lady like you. This will go well on you." He brought a pale yellow cloth with pearl embroidery on it.

A dress made of it will indeed look great. I checked other colors and designs too and after a few minutes, I cleared my throat repeatedly and finally asked the head maidservant to get me something to drink.

She ran the small bell to call the maids but I stopped her, "Didn't the Lord ask you to serve me yourself and not to entrust my food on other maids. Go and get it for me while I look at the other fabrics and buy a few." She hesitated for a minute before she walked away to get the drink.

I don't know why she is so worried when she knows I cannot run away and even if I did, I will get caught before I cross the palace gates.

The trader and his assistant continued to bring out fabric after fabric from which I chose a few for Igses and a few for me. There was still another bag to show me and they said the fabric was for simple and humble clothing, not suited for a royalty like me.

I openly scoffed at what he said and glared down at them with infinite hatred.

"You sure know how to make entrance. What are you here for now?" I intentionally lowered my voice and looked around to make sure there was no one around.

"Not bad. You still remember this disguise of mine and sent away the maid. Clever, as always." Jerk spoke in his previous disguise before I was kidnapped.

I looked at the second person and raised a brow at him, "This can't be Azar. Who is he?"

"The chief of my spies." He answered briefly with a smirk. "You did great in misleading him about my father's whereabouts."

The muscles in my face froze and a deep profound hatred gushed out of me. So much hate that my eyes nearly went moist.

"Not as great as you. To use me and my son and help your enemy capture us just so you can have a clear way for your revenge, my greatness cannot be compared to you."

I thought this man has no heart but now I don't know what else I should make of him.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Acacia knew Tzalmon did it purposely and her hatred for him increased several folds.

What do you think about Acacia's analysis on the situation?

Will she ever be able to leave the place or at least, will she able to find one such reliable person in the whole mystical realm?

Tzalmon did wrong for deliberately letting Zyl Vizac capture Acacia and Igses.

For his motives, to put the duo in risk, he shattered my hopes too.

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 80
**Tzalmon Point of View**

I froze.

Stumped by her sudden declaration, I felt cold sweat starting to form on my back. I couldn't believe she realized it; she knew it.

"Are you really that surprised that I realized the fact that you deliberately played a blind eye in the kidnapping?" She scoffed as a sneer snaked on her beautiful face.

"You take me for a fool, don't you?" Although her voice was calm and quiet, her tone wasn't. There was a mixture of emotions, definitely negative, in the way she said those words.

"When did you know?" How, wasn't a question anymore. Time and again she proved how smart and perspective she was.

"From the moment I opened my eyes on the foreign territory. For someone who is still partially cursed to enter your territory and take two people under your very nose; I'm not that stupid to not see your schemes." This woman is too smart for her own good.

She summed up my strategy in one full statement. However, I was more concerned about the boundless increase of hatred in her eyes towards me than her knowing my plans.

"To get Vizac to drop down his guard and to easily, effectively and quickly eliminate both your father and Vizac, you sure thought of a good plan." She nodded her head as she touched the cloth nearby and checked it out.

"I was certain of your safety so I dared to make a desperate move. I was always around you, to protect you, save you and accompany you." Although I knew she might face few troubles, I do know she would be safe as long as she is useful for Vizac.

It was only because of this reason I dared to think of this way. Also, she is very intelligent and observant. I know if things go a little out of my way, she can easily deal with the changed situation in her own way.

For her to still stand alone and independent in my kingdom without my help proves that she has strong will and command over her life.

"How heart touching. Should I be thankful that to test your high quality heavenly royal ointment, you chose me to be burnt? Then I should thank you I guess. Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to be a small pawn in your greater plans for the welfare of your kingdom. It is my honor to be chosen by the king himself for such a worthy task. For you to not spare even your own flesh and blood for the greater good, I don't think even Gods cannot compete with you." How come I became a villain again?

Didn't send Igses along for her own safety measures? If she knew so much then she should also know that Igses was part of it because one I didn't want to separate her from our son and two, Igses is only an infant but he is much more powerful and protective of her than anyone in both the territories.

"I know you are angry but I did it partially for you as well. If the issue with Vizac is dealt with then you will not have a threat on your head. I was able to pull this off because I trust you and your abilities."

This is the first time in my life that I was giving explanation of my actions to someone. She should understand by now that I have noble reasons for doing whatever I did and did not wish any harm on her or my son.

"Tzalmon Jerk Ebernus, I'm so petrified by you nonchalance. Are you really so dumb and heartless or are you pretending to be one?" Before I could respond, the chief spy I brought along stepped forward angrily and pointed an accusing finger at her.

"You should be careful with your words, Milady." And with those words from him, I closed my eyes and rubbed my forehead as my headache was coming back again.

This fool, why was he defending me in front of her? I was silently taking whatever she was saying; doesn't that mean I am alright with her words?

"And this gentleman will teach me how to speak when he himself doesn't know his own boundaries and interfere in a discussion going on between his King and a second party when he is not asked for his opinion. This is between him and me, when did any of us ask for your opinion? Even your King did not say anything, what are you being so excited for?" When she finished whatever she has to say, I sent a glare towards him and he immediately got the message and shut his mouth.

"I'm not heartless, not for you at least, Eblilis." I spoke, trying to get her attention back to me. I said softly and tenderly hoping she would see the truthfulness of my words.

For a moment, she gaped at me as if what I said made her speechless. She snickered in ridicule at me and shook her head as she mumbled something to herself.

"The maidservant will be here any moment now. Just sell me what I chose and leave. Don't show your face again and focus on your own revenge. I can take care of myself and my son. My son can take care of himself and me. It's not like I have high expectation on you but I was still stupid to think you might have changed your perspective even by a fraction of a percentage. I'm indeed stupid."

"Where did I go wrong? Tell me why you think I'm heartless when I'm still here to keep you safe." She was stubbornly silent and did not even spare an answer to me.

"The maidservant will not come until we are done talking, Eblilis. My people are still around so you don't need to think about wasting time. I want to know what made you so angry. I want to know your hatred for me increased so much."

She sighed and it was first time in many months that I saw tears in her eyes. Tear after tear rolled down from her eyes but her eyes were still fierce and unyielding.

Wiping away the tears, she heaved heavily and looked into my eyes gravely. "Have you ever heard of consent, Your Majesty?"

"My bad, you should've heard about it. After all, you never had to get one from anyone. Let me tell you. Consent is permission or agreement to do something. Over the past two years, you have never once asked me about anything when it is related to my life. For your information, to live and maintain this life, I breathe, eat, sleep for myself. When it is me who holds my life intact, what kind of a pig are you to just use me, force me and decide for me? You, evil spirit, just did whatever and however you like and never considered my feelings. Just because you are stronger than me, you took advantage of me again and again."

"You ask me why I hate you? Tell me, why I should not hate you. Give me one good reason why I should not despise your very existence. You say Lord Vizac is evil and is a threat to my life; tell me, are you any better? If you would've taken a better route from the very beginning even though I might not agree immediately, we would've gotten into a deal amicable. But to an evil existence like you, consent means nothing. To be the person to free you, I feel ashamed of myself. I don't know what your father and Vizac did that they are called evil but you are no different from them."

"I curse the day when fates decided to involve me in this cruel game." She shot up from her chair and picked Igses without even caring to let me carry him once, preparing to walk off.

"You are just over-thinking, Eblilis. You are getting emotional for being in closed quarters in enemy territory. That is all. When you calm down and think of how accommodating I was being all through, you will understand that I had always cared for you." I realized she misunderstood me in some things.

She thinks I wasn't compassionate towards her but only I know how concerned and obliging I've been all this time.

But when she said she was ashamed of herself because of me, I saw it in her eyes and in every pore of her body that she meant it. She meant every word she said and I don't know how to clarify this misunderstanding between us.

She is important to both my kingdom and me; I wish she realize how I prioritize her first.

"Enemy territory? Your Majesty, this is your enemy territory, not mine." Saying, she walked off without waiting for me to say anything.

When she reached the door, she stopped but did not turn around while speaking with finality.

"They say, only when you experience it firsthand will you truly learn. I pray you learn the lessons of your mistakes the hard way."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Tzalmon proved himself to be heartless again. Claps please.

It is true that he let her set up her own business and allowed her to take a few trivial decisions but to think that he was very obliging just because of that was stupid.

Who wants to beat Tzalmon to pulp? Applications are open.

Acacia is truly hanging by thread in patience. For her to tolerate all this shit, she is indeed strong. Your views?

I don't want to but I think I will be making a book 3 of this. I initially thought I will be making this a length book but then I realized if there is another book for the next phase of their life, it will be good.

But I'm still thinking. Not sure yet.

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim
**

###chapter 81
**Acacia Point of View**

At this point, I'm not even disappointed.

However, I learnt something new again. Detaching myself completely from some people is not bad. I realized again that to me, my son was enough.

I closed my eyes and yawned before rubbing my eyes to wipe away the drowsiness. It is still middle of the day and Igses is awake so I cannot take a nap.

Going to the bathroom, I washed my face with cold water to drive away the sleep. Once I was sure I was not sleepy anymore, I sat down on the carpet beside Igses and watched him play by himself.

I can't go out for a walk, I cannot gather any information about the territory from anyone; I basically have nothing to do.

Seems like I just have to waste my days here in a golden cage.

It has been more than two weeks that I met Jerk and his spy. Although he was evil, at least the fabric he sold was not bad. In just a matter of a week's time, my gowns were stitched and brought in.

I was fed alright, given clothes and other basic necessities however, this life is not something anyone can tolerate.

I asked for books but was rejected. I asked for few things to pass my time but was rejected again so I stopped asking.

Two days ago, Lord Vizac had the gall to walk in and order me to prepare myself to break their curse or he would break me and my son's neck.

The next second he said that, he was thrown out of the door by a powerful gush of wind. From then on, he didn't show his face to me.

Thankfully!

Sometimes, I find this Lord Vizac pretty funny. He is like a robotic recorder who gives his attendance every now and then and only threatens with Igses and my life like a mantra.

Does he have nothing to do?

Isn't he looking for Jerk's father?

Isn't he a great enemy of Jerk?

Why is he so free to knock on my door only to casually threaten me?

But then again, there is Dynoh that always and dutifully gives me a very bad feeling. I don't why but it is said that it has to be only her that should serve me. I wish I don't see her anymore as well but considering my luck in the past couple of years, the more I pray for something, the more it goes against.

I don't know what was happening but during these past few days, I did feel tension in the atmosphere around. Whether it was because Vizac took the bait I threw and was eliminating his own people or it was Jerk who was creating problems but there was definitely unconcealed rush in the air.

Just like that two months passed by. I mostly spent time with Igses only while Lerno and Vizac came every now and then to check on me; Lerno mostly.

Igses was now ten and half months old and only a month and a half away from his first birthday. To any baby, this should be a memorable time to enjoy and have fun but I feel bad that I was not able to be a good mother and provide him with what he needs.

At least for him, mainly for him, I wish I can take him away from these selfish and cruel people.

"Lady Dawn." I heard Lerno calling me from out. He knocked my door for a few times before I went and opened it for him.

"What is it?" I asked coolly.

"There is a ritual to lift up the curse. The Lord has asked you to be prepared and not to make things harder for you." The ritual?

I heard only with the presence and participation of Jerk's father will the ritual be complete?

"When is it?"

"Three days later on midnight hours." He replied back with a hint of excitement and yet coldness in his tone.

"What if I refuse to cooperate?" This was a casual question.

No matter how arrogant and emotionally overwhelmed I usually was, I know when to oblige and give in and when to take a chance.

I just want to try my last chance!

"Lady -" He started angrily but I cut him off by showing my hand to stop.

"If I'm to cooperate and break the curse, I have to get something in return as well. If this is a favor I do on you, you weren't very hospitable for me to do you a favor. So if it was deal with a benefit for both the parties then I might think about it. Anyways, my son might not be old enough to have knowledge on magic and power to act his way out of here but when it comes to his and my safety he will subconsciously do anything. Even if I refuse to help you, I might not be in great danger. Talk to your Lord and let me know."

This was the final try I want to make.

Better try than regret later. Let's see if I can make better of my situation.

Soon enough I was summoned by Lord Vizac to his throne room. I finally made up my mind and along with Igses, I followed Lerno to have this chat.

The magnificent throne room was not inferior to Jerk's throne room in any manner. Since I had no chance and choice to explore the palace, this was the first time seeing this throne room.

It was beautiful; only, Lord Vizac did not suit the throne he was sitting on.

I walked until I was two seats away from him and sat as I waiting for him to stop give me murderous aura and open his mouth to talk.

"You, a mortal, are brave to want a make a deal with me." I said, not forgetting to show how furious he was.

I did not back down or feared him because one look at him, I can tell he is wary of me because of one, I was key to their freedom and two, because of Igses.

"You know that even if I decide not to lift the curse, I will be just fine." I reminded him.

He gritted his teeth and looked down at me as his rage increased by several folds.

"Do you want to make the deal or not?" I asked impatiently.

"What do you want?" He gulped down his rage for a moment and asked.

"Tell me first, after I lift the curse up, will I be still useful to you?"

"No." There is not a pinch of hesitation in his tone.

"How come I was still important for Tzalmon Ebernus after breaking the curse and not to you?"

"We are mutated and evolved. You are not very useful to them as well."

"Why so?"

"The curse has already broken but your presence will only strengthen them further."

"So even I am not there, they can eventually become strong." I nodded as understanding dawned on to me.

So I was being kept there even after the task was done because they want to become stronger soon!

"Do you know a way to send me back to my world?" I asked with bated breath.

"No. Only he can do that." The little hope I harbored was soon wiped off completely.

I closed my eyes and rubbed by forehead as everything went back to square one.

After thinking for a while, I raised my head and looked at him seriously. "If I help you in the ritual, can you promise me that you would send me and Igses off to his territory safely?"

"What happens between you and him is not my problem. No matter what happens, as long as I fulfill the part of my deal, will you send me and Igses to Oudad without a scratch on us?"

As I finished speaking, he pondered for a long time before he grumbled with a positive answer.

"Make a vow that you will do so. I don't believe just words. Make one of those vows you make that you cannot deny later on."

"I'm the lord of this territory and the most influential person here, you don't believe my word? You are really trying my tolerance." He fired back again but I only gave him a cool gaze.

"The moment I first stepped on this mystical world, the first thing I learnt was never to trust anyone no matter how noble and royal he was. You are no different. Take a vow and seal the deal."

It took him some time to control his anger and gulp down his ego to take the vow I asked for. Only after he took the vow and the symbol of vow showed on his arm did I breath in relief and assured him that I will play my part well.

If I cannot go back, at least going back to Treasure palace is better than living here.

Can there be a miracle to send me and Igses back to my world?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Is Acacia's decision to make a deal with Vizac a good one?

Will Vizac fulfill his part of the deal and send them back safely?

What about Tzalmon? Will he do something to endanger them or to benefit himself?

What do you think about Tzalmon's decision to keep Acacia in dark and keep her in his kingdom for his own selfish reasons.

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 82
**Tzalmon Point of View**

Should I call Vizac a fool or pretentious?

If he really fell into my trap, then I would say he is truly a fool but then again, he is not as easy prey as well. Not to mention, with the support and knowledge my dear father gave him, I'm more than surprised that everything was going smoothly as per my wish.

A little too smoothly!

Although Vizac did not completely believe Eblilis lies about my father being imprisoned in his own territory, the claim did give raise to suspicion in his heart.

Over the past couple of months, he has been extremely vigilant with everyone around him and was fully occupied with picking out the spies and betrayers from his nest.

As a result he killed some of his own loyal men while my spies were mostly out of his radar.

However, when I deliberately let him know the real location of my father, I also made sure after putting him almost on the death's threshold; I let him succeed in taking away dear father.

Only, not only I deprived my dear father of his magical properties and aura, I also made sure he was in a comatose state for the next several days.

Either way, for the curse to break it is enough to have his presence and blood. Even if he was not in conscious state, it was alright for them.

Except, they don't know that the time they set to break the shackles of the curse was also the time I set to end them together.

It's only pity that I somehow offended Eblilis unintentionally.

I don't know why she thinks I was a terrible man. Although I used her, I also took care of her, protected her and provided her with best in everything.

It must be because of that issue that she agreed to help free them from the curse willingly.

I narrowed my eyes at the figures of one beautiful female and one child who were standing to side as they were waiting for the ritual to start.

Over these past several days, I never initiated to look for her but the news of her still reached my ears. Once the whole thing was over, she will still have to follow me back to Oudad so I was not in a hurry to talk out with her.

According to what Azar said, it was not bad to give some time for her to think, understand and realize that I was right in putting the welfare of the kingdom first and still chose to protect her closely.

It was finally the day of holding the ritual to break the curse and in an hour.

At the prime of midnight, when moon is full and powerful is when Vizac, dear father, Eblilis and Igses will strive together to break the curse.

Although Eblilis is the main source to break the curse, Igses has the active royal bloodline and also considered the main source.

With dear father who started the mutated tribe of Shadow spirits with his core strength and blood and as the first ever mutated shadow spirit, Vizac is as much needed in the ritual as dear father is.

The preparations for the ritual were completed and the last quarter before the midnight has soon arrived. From where I was standing, I could clearly see the rare excitement in Vizac's eyes.

In the middle of the large clearing where it was held, there was a platform on which father's body was placed on bed on one side.

Eight pillars stood in the middle of the platform, each pillar indicating eight directions each and in the middle is one pillar representing the upward direction.

Beside the middle pillar, on the floor, was an empty crystal bowl which shall be used to collect blood.

When it was only moments away from midnight hour, Eblilis along with Igses, Vizac along with the unconscious body of father surrounded the middle pillar.

Lerno handed a long strip of thin golden rope to Vizac which the latter put it inside the crystal bowl. He first cut his palm and let the blood flow into the bowl, he then cut the palm of my father and did the same.

He then passed the bowl to Eblilis. When Eblilis was about to cut her palm, Azar spoke, "Majesty, if the holy rope is touched with her blood, then half the ritual will be finished. Are we not going to take action?"

"Not yet." I stopped him from acting impulsively.

Even after Eblilis's blood touch the rope, it is not certain they will succeed in breaking the curse.

Eblilis cut her palm as well let a few drops of her blood fall on the golden rope. Since Igses's birth itself was half the reason the curse was broken, he doesn't have to give his blood.

Once the golden rope was drenched with blood of the three, Vizac tied the rope around the eight outer pillars from outside as a boundary.

Once the rope is tied, the pillars were lit in bright red while the middle pillar was lit in white. As the hour of midnight closed by, the pillars brightness increased. When the night finally reached the peak moment, all the pillars of eight directions linked with each other with intricate web on thin light line and finally came in contact with the middle pillar.

Once the web was complete and came in contact with the middle pillar, a light shot up from the middle pillar into the sky.

While the light produced waves of energy in the sky, the bodies of all the shadow spirits produces a small halo of brightness from within their body.

This means the curse was broken completely and they are free after being tied down for centuries.

I smirked at the scene where Vizac was being proud of himself for finally breaking the curse.

If only he knows...

"Tzalmon Ebernus, I am finally free and you will not live to see another day." Vizac roared as he looked in the direction where I was standing behind a large tree.

Hearing Vizac, several shadow spirits hollered and cried in support as they chanted for my death.

My smirk widened when he caught me.

"Majesty?" Azar narrowed his eyes at the present situation.

"There is no need to be tensed." I mumbled back to Azar and came out from my hiding spot.

"You did recognize me even in my disguise. Indeed, my mortal enemy." I walked casually in a relaxed manner towards the clearing.

Eblilis who was looking serious and detached suddenly turned to look at me with expected hatred.

"When you find out?" With my hands on my back, I strode towards them like a King I am.

No matter what they turn to, they are still under me and below me.

"You think I cannot sense you in my own territory? Even when you covered your aura and changed your face, you cannot hide from me, cousin." Although I knew he was no lesser strong even when he was under half the curse, it still surprised me that he indeed detected me a long time ago.

"Cousin?" Eblilis mumbled to herself but we heard the surprise in her voice.

"Cousin who sat on the throne that belongs to me." Vizac is still the same old shameless. "Now that I'm completely free, both the thrones and kingdoms will soon belong to me."

"You knew he was in your territory all along?" Eblilis asked Vizac to which Vizac nodded with a smirk.

"Of course."

"Were you playing me all the time as well?" She asked to which he frowned slightly.

"Not really but I will certainly fulfill my conditions of our deal. After all I will be the ruler of both the territories soon." By now his infamous psychotic smile on his face. His eyes were crazed by now and reddened with greed.

Just then we heard shuffling on the platform and saw that my dear father was finally conscious. Although he has no power inside him, he did not look any less greedy than Vizac.

"No wonder. I was thinking whether you were a fool to fall in the trap I laid. Seems like dear father has acted his part very well to support you." I scoffed but did not show any fear.

Their threatens will not work on me.

"Son, didn't you realize it yet? With the nature and heavens giving a way of breaking the curse, the restriction of shadow spirits is now gone. When the shadow spirits were created it was against the rules of nature so a curse was placed on us. But when time and fates provided with a solution, the shadow spirits has already become a part of balanced nature which was unbalance due to its creation. Now we are as powerful as you are."

With that my dear father and Vizac launched an attack at me directly together.

Looking at the two men, one using his power and the other using his body to take me down I couldn't help but chuckle at their naivety.

I did not do anything to escape or fight back, with a smirk I just waited until they reach me and when are just few meter away from me, they suddenly stopped in their tracks with a painful expression on their faces.

Finally, the showdown time is here.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Like I said, I was thinking of continuing this book with part 3 so if I still have such thoughts then the next ###chapter will probably be the last ###chapter of this book.

Finally the curse was broken completely and Vizac was now on full power to take Tzalmon down.

Why is Tzalmon so carefree even after getting caught in Vizac's play?

Who is the predator and who is the prey here?

No matter if it is Tzalmon or Vizac who takes the throne, seems like Acacia suffers equally or more.

Will Tzalmon end Vizac and his father or with the other two finally kill Tzalmon?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 83
**Acacia Point of View**

The crazed Vizac and Jerk's father rushed to take him down while I just stepped back to keep my distance from the fighting.

Holding Igses close to my chest, I looked at the three men blankly.

One of them was an old man who knew no end to his greed and made a chaos in his own kingdom by mutating people into something that is against balance of nature. As expected, evil people have no regrets.

Another was the first mutated one, who also turns out to be Jerk's cousin. Not only is he powerful but also as sick in mind as Jerk is. I think he is sicker than Jerk.

And finally the last one was the Jerk himself who is the King of the realm, who abides by the balance of nature but to fulfill his selfish motives he can go to any lengths.

What a combination!

The three deserve to be each other family and enemy. No wonder they are relatives.

I shook my head at them who are trying to best one another and steal each other's territory and throne.

Looking at the almost rabid Vizac, I knew he would be no worse than evil incarnate one day. The day he promised me to send us back to Oudad safely, although I did not let it out, I still knew that he has his own motives behind.

But to me, that deal was the last chance, a last try to make a better situation for Igses and myself. It was more for the sake of Igses though!

Looking down at the child who was calmly rubbing his head over my shoulder and playing with my hair, I couldn't help but feel bad for him. His father is a Jerk. His grandfather was a traitor and evil-intended. His uncle was crazed evil spirit.

A family that should stand for one another no matter what, is now fighting with each other, using each other for their own benefits and has no consideration for feelings.

In this environment, even if I raise him alone in Oudad, I fear he would still be affected by these people.

For the nth time, I feel so helpless. I wish, I pray I can take Igses away from here and raise him where he would not get affected by the cruelty of these people.

"What is happening?" I was pulled out of my thoughts when I heard Vizac shouting loudly.

That was when I clearly saw that the two men, one old and one young, who went to attack Jerk were only inches away from him but looked like their body went still and froze.

Jerk, with his hands behind, standing like an overlord over the whole universe, was smirking calmly at them.

I knew he always has some plan but didn't know what he did. He was always a conniving spirit who knows how to take advantage well.

"You did something, didn't you?" Jerk's father roared. If looks could kill, I was sure Jerk would be roasted by his father a thousand times right this moment.

"You are funny, father. Do you expect me to not do anything?" Jerk snickered as he spoke casually. The next moment, she turned towards shadow spirits people and said sternly, "Listen carefully, from henceforth, this territory will go back to whom it should belong to; me. So do you all. You are mutated and different? I need to thank my father for giving me a different clan to rule over."

Throwing his father a simple glance, he continued, "I am your king and shall always be. No matter who your leader is, you are still under my command. I congratulate you all for breaking free from the curse. Also, my condolence for your lose. Your leader and your creator are about to die."

Vizac's people who gathered around echoed their disagreement clearly which fell on a deaf ear. Jerk didn't care.

"What did you do?" Vizac asked as he moved his body sluggishly as if he has no energy. "My power - my power is depleting."

Hearing this, Jerk's father slowly moved towards Vizac and checked him. When he found out his power was indeed depleting, he rushed to Jerk to strike him.

However, when his hand was about to touch Jerk's face, jerk only waved his hand and his father flew several meters away and fell down with a painful thud and lost consciousness.

"You are going to die." He answered with a shrug.

"How?" Vizac asked painfully.

"I thought you were clever, cousin. How come you did not know the reason of your own impending death?" Hearing his words, Vizac fell silent for a moment and immediately turned his gaze towards me.

A venomous glare hit me and I don't know why he was looking at me like that. It was not like I did something to him.

"You did this? You went back on our deal."

"Don't jump to conclusions. I don't know anything. If I really have power to kill, then it would not be just you but I would have killed him first." I said firmly as I glanced towards Jerk at last.

"I and my son are just chess pieces in his hands." I finished glaring at the both. Hearing my words, Jerk's jaw tightened in anger.

But did it affect me? Nay!

Composing back to his previous calmness, Jerk turned to answer Vizac; more like mock him. "You didn't think that the person who can break the curse on you also has power to kill you, did you? At first it was only a speculation but later on, I my belief was confirmed when she was able to seal off a part of power of my people who went to judge her. Although she cannot kill us, I realized she was only a boon to us but to shadow spirits, she could be both a boon and a bane."

Jerk walked to the platform where the ritual was held and trailed a finger over the bloodied golden rope that was tied around eight pillars. "To you, her blood was both a cure and a poison. Look how wondrous fates are, The two who disrupted the balance of nature is destined to be killed by the very person that fate chose to be the savior." This time, it was not just Vizac, his people and me but even Azar and Jerk's followers were startled by the revelation.

So it was all a part of one plan from the very first day!
**
~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Part 1 of the epilogue of book 2 is here. Enjoy!

There is part 2 coming next so please continue reading.**
###chapter 84
**Acacia Point of View**

"Her blood!" Vizac gasped. "Mixed with mine and uncle's blood, can break the curse and also deprive us of our power and kill us." A flash of realization dawned unto Vizac.

"So from capturing her to getting Uncle back, you deliberately let me get my hands on them."

"No." I spoke before Jerk answered.

"No?"

"He planned this from the very first day. If I'm not wrong, detecting allies of shadow spirits in his court members, moving large armies to catch your spies, moving me to Oudad in the name of safety; everything was a part of his plan. It was an act to stage the whole story to this point." I felt numb as I spoke.

"Sending you to Oudad was truly to protect you, Eblilis." Jerk immediately said with a hint of sincerity.

"But it doesn't mean it was not a part of your big plan. You knew if I stay in your royal palace, I will never be approached by Vizac's people so when I asked to have my own residence and career, although you pretended to didn't like it, you still approved and sent me to Oudad because you knew this day would come. You put so many people around me to protect me but also used me to lure your enemy. If I'm not wrong Vulcan Aguelli is another of your disguise to stay close to me and seize the opportunity in time."

"Eblilis -" I raised my hand and gestured him to stop. I cannot hear anymore of his nonsense.

I agree that he indeed arranged his people to keep me safe but when you weigh it with how he kept on using me and my son for his own plans, can I be grateful for him?

It only makes me want to slap him. My hate for him only got severe.

"I want to leave this place with my son. Leave this world and return back to my own world!" I mumbled as tears rolled down from my eyes. Jerk took a few steps towards me but stopped when I looked at him with nothing reflecting in my eyes.

There was no hate, no disappointment, nothing.

Seeing Jerk's attention was on me, Vizac took the chance and attacked him with the last bit of his power. Although it did not hurt Jerk much, he still staggered from the force.

"You underestimated my power." With a evil smile, Vizac spread his hands and a ball of light emerged from his body. "Today I will use the core source of spirit of a shadow spirit to end you. It doesn't matter if I lose the opportunity of reincarnation."

"Majesty, be careful." Azar and several guards came to stand before Jerk and take the blow.

Jerk's stood solemnly as he watched Vizac throw the power ball towards him. With a wave of his hand, he produced a light ball of his own to counter it.

When both the power sources met each other, a grand explosion took place causing everyone to fall down and many even lost their consciousness. If it wasn't for Igses's protection, I wouldn't be standing at all. That was the power of explosion.

Expect me, only Jerk was standing in all glory and safely while Vizac finally lost his life and so does Jerk's father.

But the explosion did not just cause damage but also something that I did not expect. Something that stunned me but also sparked hope inside me.

A portal.

Right above our head, a space portal opened. Jerk too noticed it and was about to rush to hold me back but I already stepped inside with Igses without caring where this portal will lead to.

The portal was surrounded by abnormal smog which resisted Jerk from entering making me relieved.

As I entered, the portal slowly started close when Jerk continuously yelled for me to get back. Azar and others also ran to the portal but none could enter it. They keep asking me to come back to them but I'm not a fool to loose such a good opportunity.

"Eblilis, come back. Igses is my son."

"After the curse you and your people was broken, was it really necessary for me to stay in your kingdom? I want the truth." Jerk looked like he was taken aback from my question. However, he did not answer me.

"Seems like what Vizac said was true. You only want to fasten the improvement of your kingdom so you kept me here telling me lies and using me for your own motives." The portal was only fist sized by the time I declared his motives.

"Eblilis, you misunderstood. You better get back here." Even at this moment, he was commanding me.

He will never change.

"I hope I never see anyone of you again." I heard everyone calling out to me when the portal closed completely and with some last words, I left them and their world forever.

"Tzalmon Saccius Ebernus, I pray you are punished for what you did to me and my son. Never come close to us again."

"Goodbye, everyone."
**
~*~*~*~*~*~ End of Book 2 ~*~*~*~*~*~

~*~*~*~*~*~ Continue to read book 3 ~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Last ###chapter of book 2 is here. Enjoy!

I initially wanted to write only 2 books but later decided not to rush in and write a book 3 to continue.

Tzalmon has planned everything so precisely. Your views?

Acacia's behavior towards Tzalmon is not wrong. He truly used her and made her so helpless.

Acacia was so hurt by everything and everyone from that world. Where did she go from the portal?

Finally Acacia and Igses got out but where will the portal lead them to?

I still need to plan the next book so Book 3 will come a little later so I am planning to write some other book of other series. 

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


Dawn - The Morning Twilight
With a powerful slit, the morning rays penetrated through the curtains of darkness.

The Dawn has manifested again, in a new world with new challenges and a new identity.

Acacia Dawn Winters life cannot be called perfect. After going though series of shocks, mysteries and heartbreaks, where is her life set now?

Fled from the island and kingdom that imprisoned her, used her and humiliated her, she is now standing on a familiar soil with everything new.

Along with her son, Acacia tightened her belts for a new journey ahead with several new mysteries and intrigues stepping on her.

What about the King Tzalmon who lost both his wife and son? Will Tzalmon find his wife and son or will it be the end of their union?

When the curtains of the new world are lifted, what life will it provide to the trio?

Dawn - The Morning Twilight is the third and last book of Dawn series that tickles you with new mysteries.

Follow the journey of Acacia, Tzalmon and their son into a new world with mindboggling thrill, chilling fantasy and realistic romance.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

The third and final part of Dawn Trilogy is here. 

The first ###chapter is already up. 

Please shower me with your votes and comments.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim **


###chapter 85
**Tzalmon Saccius Ebernus Point of View**

For everyone, a morning brings new rays of hope but for me, the darkness was so deeply embedded in me that now no ray of hope was able to touch the chill of darkness.

What King?

What God?

I realized, nothing was able to stop her from leaving. No power of mine could lure her to stay; no action of mine was able to change her mind and heart.

But now, I know, I understand and I realize.

How did everything end up in this way? How did I end up here like this!

"Just a mere woman and you dare to speak in that tone with me? Impudent!"

"A mere woman? Did this as* didn't want to keep his testicles? Did he say 'a mere woman'?"

Not again!

With a new ache crashing inside my head, I turned back to see the person who was being bashed by 'a mere woman' he so pompously called.

With a sigh, I noticed a group of young ladies, some wearing nothing but tight corsets and some wearing strange clothes that men wear, that I came to know as three piece suits. The five young ladies are now raging in absolute fury as they looked at the man before them.

No matter how many times I saw the strange and improper clothing styles of women here, I couldn't wrap my head with their presumptuous behavior.

Only, I learnt never to talk or question about it or I shall be going through the same treatment that the man before them was going through.

"Say, should we beat him to pulp or just hand over him to the authorities?" One of the ladies in the group who was wearing the shortest clothes spoke with a scowl.

"Hmph, such a brave tone you are using here. You, women, who should be in the house and taking care of your family and children, not only did you look so shameless, you also want to hit me for speaking the fact? What a world I have come to." An undisguised disgust came over the man's face as he looked at the ladies with pure hatred.

Not long after those words left from his mouth, the ladies faces turned grave and dim. All the ladies stretched their hands into the bags they are caring on their shoulders and brought out something that caused only the man but also me to shiver in slight caution.

They did not wait for the man to respond before one lady sprayed something called a 'pepper spray' on the man's face and eyes. Two ladies brought out a small instrument called 'shock buzzer' and directly attacked him from both the sides of his torso.

Before he could react to the pepper spray and the shock buzzer, The last two ladies aimed a small gun towards the man's legs and shot him darts.

These are few things that women use for self defense here and when I saw the man wailing in unimaginable pain, I immediately walked towards them and stood behind him while facing the ladies who are torturing him.

The man who was being tortured by those few ladies, anyone with eyes and without eyes would feel immensely bad for him. His eyes are now covered with pepper water gone red, his body looked weak due to the constant attack from the shock buzzer and his legs, if it wasn't for his strong body, he wouldn't be able to stand on those two limbs at this moment.

Even though he was being looked at like a villain, his painful cries could easily bring out pity from people. With a sigh, I walked over to the group and stood beside the tall strong man being assaulted by few petite and weak looking women.

"Young ladies here," I cleared my throat and spoke in my deep voice. The moment they heard me, they turned and looked at me and the moment their eyes fell on me, they went wide and stared at me in awe.

The ladies froze and gaped at me with unhindered admiration. Taking it as an advantage, I bowed a little to them politely with my hands behind me in a posture that is truly kingly.

"I apologize on behalf of my subordinate here. He has suffered due to a woman in the past so he had developed a bad opinion on all the womenfolk. Please forgive him and I shall teach him the needed lesson." With a small, almost negligible polite smile, I apologized to them.

They stared at me for few moments and then turned towards the man, with a final glare and angry grunts; they warned him to keep his mouth in check and walked away.

The moment the ladies walked away and seeing that the surroundings is now empty, he immediately got down on his knee and cried out, "I thank Majesty for his grace." He said as he rubbed his eyes trying to get his vision back.

"When are you going to learn to keep your attitude in check?" I asked coldly. His body stiffened and he immediately bowed down assuring me that he would work on it right away.

"But Majesty, those little women there are truly pompous. They have a gall to sneer at me when I asked them to cover themselves well."

"Gyles, how long are we here from?" I gritted, looking down at my commander.

"Four months, Your Majesty."

"And what did you learn in these few months in this new strange world?"

"I - understand, Majesty. I shall not bring any trouble to us anymore. I apologize for my irrational behavior just now."

"This is a world very different from ours. The rules the way of life and pace is totally different and to be honest very strange for us. We are here for a reason and before we accomplish it, it is better we do not stir up anymore trouble for ourselves." I reminded him coldly.

There was already enough trouble on our shoulders here and if we welcome anymore, it would be a dead end for us.

Four months...

It has been four months I and my people came to this strange world to find Eblilis and my son. The moment we stepped on this land, we invited nothing but troubles and problems for ourselves.

We speak, we get in trouble.

We don't speak, we still get into trouble.

We do something, we get into trouble.

We stand still, we still get into trouble.

On such a populous land, among these strange people, in a miraculous yet untamed era, we found ourselves surrounded by cruelty and kindness going hand in hand.

"What are going to do now, Majesty. We do not have funds to buy anything nor are we able to get ourselves some work to earn some. Azar failed not only to sense Lady Dawn, but he was unsuccessful get some work."

Massaging my forehead, I realized how problematic the situation is. Neither do we have what they call an 'identity card' nor do we have their standard education certifications. The qualification to find work is beyond hard, not to forget how no one consider me as a half God.

The first time I said I was a King and a half God, the people around used a box they called smartphone and called people from mental asylum and sent me to that atrocious place. For two days, I went through absolute abomination and hell. It was only after three days that my men came and got me out of that mad place in the shadows of night that I was able to take a breath of relief.

It was then I can to know that people here don't believe in magic at all and God is non-extinct to almost all of them.

I learnt not to talk about my rank or my position to people here anymore. The moment I was considered as a madman and was sent to that horrid place when mental people were treated, I learnt to keep my ego and attitude in check.

However, my troop did not learn it yet.

Four month on this planet, in this new world, we have been through several ups and downs and couldn't even find time or resources to find Eblilis and my son.

Such a vast place, where am I going to find them?

But before that, how are we going to live through today?

It was good that we found woods near the buzzing city and propped some tents to live in. However, earning money and food is not at all easy here. It was all for some kindness shown to us from few old people and kids that we were able to swallow some food inside.

What was more astonishing was, we who never had any need to consume food to live, started to feel something called 'hunger' right after we landed here.

Simple yet cruel things like hunger and thirst made our life a true nightmare.

I wonder...

Was this really the world she came from?

Was this the same world she is living in now?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Book three of Dawn Trilogy is here. Enjoy!

The final part of Acacia's journey started. What do you think about the first ###chapter?

Tzalmon is here in a new world going through what we call as 'hell'. Your views?

Gyles is really a headstrong hardheaded person. Who agrees?

Seems like the arrogance in Tzalmon has dropped down a step. You think so too?

Tzalmon is now here to find his wife and son. Will he able to find them?

Will he abduct them again? 

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 86
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"Greetings, Majesty." The moment I entered the woods to our camping area, Azar greeting me while panting heavily.

"Still not successful?" Looking at me in despair, he shook his head in answer.

From his breast pocket, Azar pulled out a neatly folded paper and showed it to me. "This is called a world map, Majesty. I was able to get one from newspaper publications nearby just a while ago. A member of staff from there thought I was a foreign visitor who lost his way so he gave me the city map. At the back of the paper, there is a world map."

First I looked at the city map on which the name of the city stood proudly in colorful letters.

Atlanta...

The city was neither big nor small yet it could be said as a peaceful place. For four months we have been here roaming around to find her and yet we couldn't even find a clue about her.

Where is she?

Looking back to the map, I took down the places we searched for and at the end found that we have almost combed through the whole city and yet failed to find her.

"The portal back then certainly lead Eblilis and Igses to this very city." I mumbled and turned back to see world map.

This is such a vast realm where every part is divided and differentiated greatly. To look for her in such a huge place, how am I going to do it.

Only Azar as her destined guardian can sense her presence but after coming to this world, the sense in finding her has lessened by a lot.

"Didn't you say you were able to sense her back then? Is she not here now?"

"I don't think so, Majesty. Lady Dawn is certainly not in this city. I assume she is not a resident of this city anymore. Back when I sensed her right after we arrived here, it was only faint which meant she was already not a permanent resident here."

That was expected.

"In that case -" I contemplated on the next step I have to take. Eblilis can be anywhere in this vast world. So where exactly is she now? We can't go around to every village and city now, can we?

"After I saw the world map, I was able to sense her presence somewhere in this area, Majesty." Azar pointed at a place on the map.

I narrowed my eyes on the map and saw the name of the place he pointed at.

Tucsan...

"Can you still sense her?" Azar only nodded his head in confirmation.

"Hmm, where is Commander Eelk? We are moving to Tuscan right away."

"Eelk is out again to learn more about the likes of this world and find someone to get identity cards for us."

"Identity cards?" Gyles scowled to which Azar sighed and nodded.

"Individual identity card is quite important here. For most of the things we buy and for transportation facilities we take, producing such identity cards are mandatory." Azar explained patiently.

Gyles who has always been smart, for some reason, has become quite impatient and stupid from the moment we arrived to this place.

He has been getting into trouble so much that it has started to give me a headache already.

"The governing system in this world so strange yet impeccable. How is he going to get those cards without revealing our real identities?" That's true.

Before I could think of several reasons why Eelk can never achieve it, Eelk came back with a small bag in his hands and a wide smile on his face.

"I'm back, Your Majesty." Eelk got down on his knee and bowed to me.

"Were you able to gather any important information?" Commander Eelk nodded his head looking so proud of himself.

"I managed to get identity cards for us, Majesty."

"What?" Azar said loudly and looked at Eelk in amazement and doubt. In fact, even I and Gyles narrowed our eyes at him in doubt.

He got the cards? Isn't it quite tough to get them without arousing any doubt on us?

Aren't people here too cautious and particular about unknown and unidentifiable people?

Eelk opened the bag and took out several cards and handed over one to everyone of us. The card in my hand has my picture on it with my name on the side, my birth details which obviously are false.

People here don't live for centuries like mystic realms. This here is what you call a true mortal world with no magic, no longevity and surprisingly, no monarchy as well.

"How were you able to get them?" Azar gasped.

"Money can do wonders here. The gold and worthless stones we brought with us which we thought is useless is not very useless here. They are considered precious gems here. Few days ago I was fortunate enough to meet a man who can make fake cards. I gave him two of the stones we brought and in return asked him to make identities for us as real as possible."

"And here," From the bag, he pulled out a long rectangular box and us one each.

"Mobile phones?" Right after we arrived here, we saw them in everyone's hands and over the small period of time, we were able to know what they are and what they are used for.

At the time when we were amazed by such invention and wanted to get ourselves one, we did not have the mode of paper money they use nor we had the identity cards we need to buy them.

"After getting the cards, I got the person to exchange some of the gold we got with us to some paper money. I got Twenty million dollars with me here, Majesty." He pulled out another card, which was looking different from the identity cards and gave it to me.

This is what they call a bank card through which money can be paid and exchanged.

"Putting aside a million dollars in cash, the other nineteen dollars are here saved in the card. These days I pretty well got the hang of basic things of this world, Majesty."

"Oh?"

"Yes, Majesty. First, we should never talk about our origin here so I got that person to make fake backgrounds for us in case. Second, money is the best and man with most money is the ruler here. Not a real ruler but a person who is more influential and capable. Third, power is as important as money be it a politician or a wealthy merchant or a celebrity who sings and dances for people."

"Eh? You mean those people we saw on television who sing, dance and sometimes cry and laugh hold such great power?" If ridicule has a face then it is right now shown on Gyles.

"They are called actors, Sir Gyles. They are also celebrities who are loved and admired by the people. Do you remember we saw some people singing and dancing in television few days ago, they are called a band of singers and their group is called BTS. Right now they are very powerful because people all over the world love them." Eelk explained patiently.

Of all of us, Eelk has been the fastest learner since we stepped here. Apparently, it was all because when he was working under the command of Eblilis, she has shared some of her knowledge of her world to him.

That has helped him to mingle here pretty well.

On one hand, it has been so tough on Gyles, Azar and me while this world been easy for Eelk. Never knew I would envy a mere subject of mine.

"Now that we got the identities clear, it would be easy for us to travel. Pack everything, we shall be leaving to Tucsan city immediately."

"Tucsan city?"

"Commander Eelk, I sensed the presence of Lady Dawn in Tucsan city so we shall be leaving to find her." Azar answered and proceeded to take down the tents and wrap our possessions well.

"Um, Majesty, we cannot live in woods anymore. I learnt something interesting earlier. We can lease or buy a house from this mobile phone from any part of the globe. May I take a small house on lease for our temporary stay?" What? Buy a house from here?

That can be done too?

This world contains such amazing things.

Thinking for a moment, I nodded my head and Eelk took the bank card from me and went on to use my mobile phone to get a residence for us.

Later that evening, we went to bus station and left to Tucsan. After using paper money for a few times, we got to understand the denomination and value by now.

It was first time we are on this vehicle called a bus and travelling with common people posed a humiliation to me. As a King, to be eating, living and traveling with mortal commoners caused me to feel a little insulted.

However, thinking about Eblilis and Igses, I gulped down my disappointments and traveled with a heavy heart and a little anticipation.

I will meet you soon.... Eblilis!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Do you guys feel sorry for Tzalmon?

Or you guys feel sorry for those followed him to the modern world?

Thanks to Eelk, Tzalmon and team are still living well. You agree?

However, I still feel Tzalmon's sufferings are no where close to what Acacia had to go through.

The team are now going to Tucsan in pursuit of Acacia and Igses. Will they finally find them?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 87
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"I realized the importance of a shelter, a residence." Eelk, the commander of royal guards, who is known for her ruthless commandership and decisive personality is now rolling over a cot as he hugged a pillow in his arms.

How come Eelk has such a change in his personality is beyond me.

I looked around the small abode that was leased for our temporary stay and nodded in satisfaction. Although the residence is rather quite small, not even one hundredth of my palace, this small house is neat and well equipped with enough space.

Better than living in woods in tents.

In such polluted realm, having a house is good. However, there are only three bedchambers and we are four people so apparently it was decided that Azar and Eelk are to share a room.

After having some rest after such long journey, we freshened up and had some food which Eelk got us from the nearby restaurant. Although the food was so different from what we used to have back at my Kingdom but it was so scrumptious.

Once done, we all gathered in the small living room to discuss about the next step we are to take. Azar has already gone out to bring a city map and history book on the city to get a clear understanding about the place.

"Take a look closer at the city map, Azar. Can you sense her anywhere?" I asked without looking at him. My focus is on the large map laid on the table.

Such a large city, where are we going to find her?

Azar has a look of disappointment on his face as he shook his head briefly. "I could tell she is here in this city but I could not tell where exactly. Due to restrictions this world has on us, I am unable to pinpoint her exact location. However, she is here in this city is for certain."

"That right, Majesty, I wonder why there are so many restrictions on us in this human world. We are rid of the curse already so we should be able to travel world without any constraints then why couldn't we?" Gyles asked the question that was plaguing everyone one of us.

I have already attained my prime strength before leaving for this human world and my command on souls has been stronger than before. But coming here to the human world, I'm unable to use most of my powers. Not to mention how my soul skills toned down by a very large margin.

"This must be related to either how your queen left our kingdom or the presence of your queen here. I have a strong feeling that Igses is also somehow the reason for why our people are unable to manifest our strength in this world." Since Vizac is dead and so did all the rebellions and my enemies, this shouldn't be the doing of someone else.

If any, this must be a naturally created restrictions based on the state of mind Eblilis has about me and people from my kingdom.

But such hatred; for what reason?

"Never mind, let's first find her before we get to this issue." I ordered and everyone went back to studying the map to formulate our next plans.

"Yes Majesty. We need to find some activities for ourselves to be a part of the city and know the layout of the place along the way." Eelk suggested.

"You mean to say we have to find some sort of work here?" To Azar's question, Eelk nodded.

"This world is very different from ours. The security is tight here and the people are very cautious of strangers as I see it. Let's go by commander Eelk's suggestion then. However, we are not working under someone else." I spoke rubbing my chin.

Three pairs of eyes looked at me in confusion so I explained them my idea. "We have some money now, we shall start a small workplace of our own and with it's cover, we shall search for her. Remember how she did the same thing when she was in the kingdom? She tried to make her own identity through which she could make connections throughout the province."

Three pairs of eyes brightened at the suggestion and nodded their head in agreement. Now that we understand the terms and value of the monetary exchange here, it is better to have our own workplace than to work for someone else.

Working under someone may eventually lead to suspicion drawn towards us which should be avoided at any cost until I find Eblilis and Igses.

"Then Majesty, what workplace are we to start?" Azar asked.

"First tell me how strong her presence here is?"

"Stronger than that of the precious city. I can feel that lived here for a long period." I nodded thoughtfully at Azar's reply and turned towards Eelk.

"For the next few days, learn as much as you can about this city, the people here, the culture and kind of business interests here. Gyles, you and I are going together to familiarize with the culture and trend here just so we don't go through anymore troubles in the future. We need to learn about his world and accept it's difference as soon as we can while Azar will go in search of Eblilis however do it quietly and do not make it obvious."

"Yes, Majesty. As you command, Majesty." The three subjects of mine nodded with respect.

To get the information and mingle with people here smoothly, Eelk is absolutely the perfect person. So for the next one week, we went out to explore the land, bought some clothes for ourselves that goes with the trend here, mingled with people albeit, awkwardly but still got to learn a little more about culture here.

Many things here are hard to accept with how the rules and commands back at my kingdom were. This world, although is well secured and yet roguish in population, people here are much more free than in people from my kingdom.

Mostly, women have several rights equal to men and are able to express their views freely. They can make their own decisions about almost everything in their life and their parents are mostly open minded about it.

This came as a huge shock to me and my team. But then when I thought about how Eblilis was back in the kingdom, I seem to understand when her ideology came from. I realized that the world she came from has such strange culture.

However on brighter side, we learnt how to use mobile phone and the use of something called internet. For three whole days, we couldn't come out of the shockwave internet caused in us.

They say you can search about anything in internet and it shall give you the answer in seconds. However, there is also a downside to it. Unless for famous people, you can search for ordinary people in here so when I looked up Acacia Dawn Winters, I did not find any results as expected.

But other than that, I did learn a lot about the terrain and everything about this land quickly thanks to internet.

Ten days later, Eelk came back with full report of his investigation and this time, I and the others are prepared to accept the things written on the report as we ourselves experienced the world here and learnt a lot these past few days.

Taking a quick glance at what came out from investigation, I fell in thoughtful silence. "Being a celebrity is considered fruitful here, Majesty. Why not try it and it would be easier with your influence then to find the Queen." Eelk's suggestion was quickly met with a punch from Gyles and glares from me and Azar.

"Fool, queen ran away from us and absolutely didn't want anything to do with us. Being celebrity will put us in light." It was then that Eelk understood and stroke off the celebrity idea.

"No need to think further. I decided what we should start with." I determined after studying the reports again.

Something that gives us a standing and identity yet something that can be used as a cover to search for her.

I know what can be done.

"Gyles, Eelk, find a good place to start our trade and it better be a big place, a few stories building possibly."

"Yes Majesty. To find a suitable place we need to know what our workplace shall be about." Eelk asked curiously.

I looked at the three men and smirked at them craftily. "A self defense academy for people of all ages and gender and a workout place for adults."

Gyles being the general of my army, Eelk being the commander of royal guards, Azar being the guardian and protector and I being their King, if there is anything that we are good at even in this strange world, then it is our fighting skills.

These few days, I have seen several gyms and workout places which means people like to stay fit but not all places are famous and only a very few caught the attention which means we have a chance.

How better can anyone be before a General of an army and a commander or guards?

Also...

If fate permits... if there is a chance - maybe she would someday come to -

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Is Acacia really in Tucson city? If so, will she be found easily this time?

Why is the strength and powers of Tzalmon and his team restricted?

Does this mean they are now normal mortal beings now?

Is Acacia doing well however?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 88
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"I can't believe..."

"This cannot get anymore ridiculous. These fools are so daring."

"Should we just end them for good? It's been a while since I killed and my hands are itching."

"Quite, you all." I commanded, gritting my teeth at the utter humiliation I am facing right now.

As calm as I seem to be right now from outside, my heart and mind is blowing in murderous rage. My eyes rolled and took another glance at the place and could not help but my hands forming into tight fists.

Being imprisoned behind the iron bars is not the best of the experience I ever experienced nor would I ever want to.

Holding the long iron bars standing in front of me tightly, my eyes blazed with open fury when one of the people who were responsible for our current predicament was coming our way.

"Do you accept the charges claimed against you?" The officer stood in front of the prison we were locked in and asked with a serious expression.

"Are you asking if we do or commanding us to accept it? Officer, you need to investigate it properly before you tag us as criminals." Before any of my subordinates, mainly hotheaded Gyles, make the situation worse, I stepped in and calmly spoke.

The officer frown deepened and a glare of disapproval was caught on his face. "You do not need to teach me how to do my job. It was after complete investigation that I am here. You four assaulted a person until he was left with only a breath away from death. And what place did you choose to do the crime, a public place like a city bus station? Either you are new to doing crime or you are too arrogant that you don't care about the law."

"Keep your tone down. Do you know who you are speaking to?" Gyles burst out with intense rage.

"Gyles!" I warned but he cared not for my command as he went on dig the grave deeper.

"I apologize, Majesty but this mere mortal is preposterous. You are the King, the emperor, the deity who rules over the souls and spirits of this entirety and you, a mere mortal, a nobody, dared to not only imprison him but also has the nerve to speak to His Majesty in that tone! Are you not afraid of retribution?"

The officer stilled for several minutes and just looked at Gyles as if he was sure he went crazy before he snickered and glanced at the four of us while took note of something in the notepad he has in his hands. After writing something, he gave us an overall once before leaving.

"Is he blind?"

"I say, he is more like doing this intentionally." Eelk and Azar went on commenting angrily on the impudent officer.

"I told you not to talk about our identities here, Gyles. You clearly know with no substantial power here and no matter how powerful we are back in the kingdom, we are not but an ordinary mortal here. We already experienced firsthand when I revealed my true identity before. It was clear that we need to keep ourselves under cover and behave like a normal mortal until we find my wife and son." I reprimanded.

Kneading my forehead with my fingers, I tried to suppress the pressure the situation presented to me.

"The dandy man was the one who started insulting us first and yet we are here locked up instead. So what if I beat him to death? He is nothing more than a mortal who is vulgar and foolish." Gyles mumbled, waves of anger and disappointment rolling out of him.

The mere mention of that vulgar man made me want rip him apart. Eelk and Gyles found a suitable place to start the academy and this morning, we were to go there and see it ourselves before confirming it.

We were standing in the bus stop to take a city bus to the place which was apparently six station away from our current street when a totally vulgar man came up to the bus stop.

First he went up to the two middle aged female passengers waiting for the bus and teased them with vulgar stares and words. After having his fun for few minutes, he then came to us and looked at me like he saw a fresh piece of meat.

"Waah -" He whistled giving me a stinking crude stare. "What a fine piece we have here. Hey man, want to follow me back to my place?" The one who came to seek his own death was a forty something man who was dressed clean enough but his actions proved to be completely opposite.

"If you want to live a life worse than death, then why not." I spoke coldly, pinning him with kingly domination that came naturally to me all the while giving my subordinates a look telling them not to be hasty in taking action.

"Ho ho, what a hot fiery boy here. Just the taste I prefer." The foolish man raised his hand and was able to touch me when Gyles had enough of it and beat him to almost death.

This is the first time, I, as a man, was sexually harassed by another man.

Such humiliating and degrading experience, I've never faced before.

Even before the crowd surrounded us completely, the law maintaining officers called police came and determined themselves that we are the culprits and the vulgar man was victim. Without any further interrogation, they took us to the prison.

"Is he even the law abiding officer? Why is he so useless?" Azar grumbled, bringing me out of my thoughts.

"Shameless, he is." Eelk followed with his own comment.

Two days after we spent in prison, we were taken to the place where our crime will be judged. There were two judges sitting on the top of the platform, one man and one woman, both are in sixties at least.

We calmly sat on the back benches of the court room while the cases that were scheduled before ours was being heard. After two case sections, it was time to present our case.

The prosecutor presented the mute CCTV footage of the scene that happened in the bus station and proceeded to read the case sheet that was filed by the officer himself. Hearing and seeing everything, the judge called us to question us.

"Do accept the charges of attempting to murder a person in a public place?" The male judge asked.

"No." I said firmly without even blinking in remorse.

"There was evidence of Mr. Gyles here beating Mr. Shepherd; this is a serious crime, Mr. Ebernus." The judge continued.

"And did the officer who arrested us investigated about the situation clearly?" I questioned the judge. I was already on the verge of killing the use officer who did only half the job.

"The evidence of the crime provided was a video without any sound. If the responsible officer were to ask around what exactly happened you would've gotten a completely different story to hear. I am so disappointed with the country's law system. Not only was the officer irresponsible, lazy and vicious, the people who took up the case later too did not bother getting the clear picture of what happened. On what basis are you people sitting there to judge us?" Although Azar spoke in a calm and polite manner, his words are anything but polite.

"What kind of officer we have here. Not only he did not present the whole but he also made the culprit into a victim and victim into a culprit. Do the law abiders still have conscience?" Gyles was completely and barely rude to the point even judges felt like they were slapped on their faces.

"Sir, my friends and my boss here may sound a little rude but that was the voice of injustice. I hope you, as the judge look into what really happened and provide us with justice." Eelk concluded with his ever sensible and polite mannered tone.

Both the judges just looked on at us before they ordered the prosecutor to get a clear picture of the case and the hearing shall be moved to two days later. The irresponsible officer was also given a warning that if what we said turned out to be true then there would be consequences to bear.

"Are we staying here for the next two days? Majesty, why don't we use the art of mind control and get out of here? We could still use mind control thankfully, can we not?"

"No, we can control the man but not the technology. Those small boxes that records everything, cannot be manipulated by mind control and in the end it would get us in another trouble. Let's just wait for the next hearing in the court and see what happens."

The next couple of days in the prison were better because the one who was in charge changed. The food and the treatment was better too.

However, a prison is a prison and the insult still stands.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Tzalmon is locked up in prison. Are you feeling sorry for his state?

Even after facing such dire conditions, Tzalmon and his team's ego is still standing on clouds. 

Will they be able to come out of prison anytime soon?

Who thinks that they should suffer more?

Why is Acacia not seen till now?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 89
**Tzalmon Point of View**

A good few days in the new city and we are in a prison.

Is this yet another curse on us or is it the luck is completely dried up on our part?

"As per the evidences and witness statements provided, it is clear that Mr. Shepherd misbehaved with waiting passengers at the bus stop and had assaulted people with vulgar words and inappropriate actions. After looking through the past criminal history, he has been to prison few times for the same crime so he is thus sentenced for two years of imprisonment. Mr. Shepherd was wrong in the first place but assaulting him physically to such extent proves that the Mr. Gyles and the others have aggressive personality. However, seeing that the four of you have no criminal history before and have a good image among people around you, you are to pay ten thousand dollars which would serve as a warning to not make the same mistake again. The officer who was in charge of the case was did not work the right way and was unprofessional. He is thus suspended from his post for an year and will be instated an year later in a rank below the present one."

With such a judgment, it could be said we were lucky enough to get out of the mess unscathed with just a small fine. While, how the judgment was framed and executed was interesting.

"The offender was punished, the irresponsible officer was punished and even we are punished for handling the situation violently. What a good way of handling it. It was handled well, don't you think so?" I saw the three making a list of purchases for our academy and spoke.

I swiped through the equipment in my phone while watching the video of that particular equipment in a tablet. After seeing how it works and for what purpose it is used, I check or uncheck as per my evaluation.

Now that the prison problem is past, the priority now is to setup the academy now.

"I agree, Majesty. The method of having both the parties got through several trials to find out the true culprit is time consuming but a well implemented." Azar stated respectfully. I can tell they are also impressed by the judging system in this world.

"Hmm. Is Eblilis still in the same city?" Azar looked up and nodded affirmatively.

"I could still feel the same strong sense of presence, Majesty. We have to hurry and find her before -"

"Yes. But Majesty, isn't this academy waste of time and effort? We can just hire some underground people and get them to search Lady Dawn and the young prince." Gyles frowned and suggested with a grunt.

I glared at him and raised a brow at his sudden audacity. "And then?"

"We can take them back to the Kingdom." He replied casually as if he suggested the best option out there.

Eelk and Azar forgot about their rank and position before Gyles and glared at him with a look of distaste. I, on the other hand, pinned him down with a murderous stare but before I give him a piece of my mind, Azar and Eelk did it for me/

"General Gyles, you are wrong here. If Majesty dealt with situation in a right manner, would Lady take young prince and ran away?" Although Azar was teaching Gyles, as smart as I am, I know those words are meant to me.

Like a slap, it hit my sore spot.

"The more Majesty tried to control her, the more it caused chaotic it was. Lady Dawn was living but never happy when she was in kingdom." Eelk continued as he took brief stealthy glances at me which he thought I didn't notice.

These three got completely impudent after coming to the mortal world. If it was some other time then I would've whipped them until they were only half a breath away from eternal sleep.

"Poor, Lady Dawn, she suffered so much. She wasn't there in the kingdom back them in right way and that was the reason she chose to get away from there. Now that we are here for her, should we right the wrong done to her?" Eelk continued as he gulped loudly at the very ferocious look I and Gyles are giving him for all the different reasons.

I, obviously for the audacity and courage he got to even point a finger at me. He is only a subject of mine and he even dared to talk about my shortcomings.

Absolute insolence!

"You are looking for a beating." I growled out lowly to which Eelk gulped and avoided looking at me.

However, Azar, who still did not take the hint continued to slander me and my ways despite the temperature around. "Lady Dawn indeed went through so much. I was feeling so guilty for not telling my identity in the beginning itself. Not only was she suppressed by our men, she was also not given the necessary answers needed. She was a strong lady thankfully but if it were someone else, they would've succumbed to dire state. I feel so sorry for how we and our kingdom treated Lady Dawn."

SLAP!

An invisible but a powerful slap was forced on my face by Azar's words.

Although I know I was not truly right in few decisions I made, it was not his turn or duty to show me the mirror.

"That's enough! Continue with your work quietly if you want to keep that head on your neck." With a punch on his face, I left the living room and went to my small bed chamber.

In the bedchamber, I punched the wall until the skin on my hand cracked and blood seeped out of it. It was first time that my blood was seen and it was not a good feeling.

What was worse was not pain or blood but those words that Eelk and Azar slapped me with. No matter how harsh they were, they are right.

I know, by heart I know I did not deal with Eblilis in the right way which caused her endless suffering. And when my feelings for her softened later on, it was already too late.

Now that I saw and know what world she came from, I now understand her independence too.

But it was late. It was too late.

Then again, my ego was important too. I am a King, a deity; how can I lower myself for a woman?

With several confusing thoughts, I spent the night mulling over the times I and Eblilis spent back in the kingdom.

For the next several days, we were busy from choosing the equipments to organizing the academy, it was fully hectic for us. I was busy learning more about the business laws and tactics in this world, Azar and Gyles was busy with the style of martial arts and self defense that this world follows while Eelk was choosing staff for the business and working on the promotions.

In about a week, the academy shall start so the burden of work is still sitting on our shoulders. The invites are already prepared and I was the one to give them to our neighbors while the Azar shall be giving the invites to influential people in the city.

I was to invite the neighbors because the ladies, married or unmarried, are somehow completely taken over by me. These past few days that we were here, all the ladies here kept on irritating me, trying to make an audience with me or stumble in my arms.

They keep peeking in to our house from one corner or the other. Some even tried to get into the house just to tell me how handsome and amazing I look.

Seeing that how they are so smitten by me, Eelk dared to order me to invite our neighbors.

Looking down at the invites in my hand, I grunted in dissatisfying. It would be a long day today for certain.

Locking the door, I went to the closest residence to us to start with. I raised my hand and dropped down for four times before I got the courage to ring the doorbell.

Here in this house lives a family of four with a set of elder parents with a daughter and a niece. The problem lies with all the three ladies who drools at me at every look so nastily.

Not even a second later the doorbell rang, a pair of hurried footsteps sounded from inside and the door opened like it flew from a tornado from inside.

"Eeeeeyyy, Young Mr. Ebernus, what a pleasant surpriseee~~" My goodness, this old lady can cause a serious damage to ears just with her voice.

Painfully, I gave her a brief polite smile all the while feeling an immediate urgency to sooth my ears from the ache.

"Mrs. Luther, Ms. Luther, It was all my pleasure." A complete lie! I would rather not meet you people at all.

Without having any consideration for personal space and gender differences, the old lady hopped to me and held my arm in an amazingly tight grip.

Her grip was so strong that I was thinking again if I should replace Gyles with this old lady for teaching the students.

"Mrs. Luther," I called out politely and pushed an invite card in her hands and kept a hand distance between us. "I and my friends are starting a self defense academy and a gym for all ages and gender. You r family is cordially invited for the opening event."

Now that I was a little away from the old one, the young one took the chance and wrapped herself around my arm like a snake.

If it wasn't for the sake of my business, I would've hypnotized them to cut their own arms.

"We will be there from tomorrow."

"No, please attend the event on time." I hurriedly said before escaping from their grasp sleekly.

One down, fourteen more to go!

It will be a long day for certain.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Don't you guys think Azar and Eelk grew horns after coming to the mortal world?

Azar and Eelk are completely in support to Acacia when they even dared to reprimand their king for their queen. A good improvement I say. Agree?

Tzalmon and team are facing one problem after the other. What more troubles will they get into in future?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 90
**Tzalmon Point of View**

Damn this, I am not doing this anymore!

That Mrs. Kristopher is worse than Mrs. Luther. That bold preposterous woman not only dared to hold my arm but also tried to feel my body.

Worst is I still have seven more invites to give away.

Back in my kingdom, I'm like a forbidden apple, so high, precious and unattainable but here, women are bold is one thing but how they totally don't give a shit about my opinion on being touched without permission is ridiculous.

No matter where and when, I am still a King, the highest authority not just in my kingdom but also in the mortal world as well.

If it wasn't for the restrictions on my powers here, I would've -

Forget it! These measly mortals are not of my major concern now. Once I find Eblilis and Igses, I shall punish these insolent people severely.

Taking some time, I controlled my anger and calmed down before I proceeded to walk to our next neighbor.

This one is easy to deal particularly. Like us, in this house lives a group of six boys who are attending the university close by. Thankfully, by the time I reached their residence, they came back from their university so it was pretty easy to pass on the invitation card and invite them to the opening ceremony.

They did not give me hard time and made my two minutes of time with them pretty eventful.

Indeed, men are still the most sensible creatures created by nature.

Walking to the next house plot, I had to compose myself before ringing the bell. As easy as it was with the boys before, this one is hard to deal with.

"We don't want purchase any residential plot." Even before I could see who answered the bell, I heard the voice of a very old lady yelling followed by the tightly shut door.

Okay...

So what is this about?

Raising my brow in question, I hesitantly rang the doorbell again. This time, I was able to see the face of the screechy voice of the old lady. The moment she opened the door, I could tell by every wrinkle on her face how much is annoyed at this moment.

"Hello Mrs -"

"Didn't I tell you that I am not interested in buying any residential plots or apartments?" She grunted with a kind of irritated expression that even the most saintly person could be affected.

"I am not here for that, ma'am." Putting on a fake polite smile, I almost tried not grit my teeth at her.

"Not that? Then we are not interested in any bank cards or loan opportunities. Get out now." She said her word and was about to close the door on my face before I stopped her right in time before I lost my good face.

"Ma'am please listen to me first. I am not a salesperson for bank cards or real estate agent. I am -"

"Not again. Just four days ago we told one of your agents that mine and my family teeth are very strong and straight and we don't need veneers. Your dental hospital sent you again? I don't to put a clip on my teeth at this age. Now shoo away boy." Can I just kill this old hen?

Why doesn't she hear me out?

I've already heard of this one from Gyles and other neighbors before but facing her in person is truly a different experience.

She is not just annoying; she is a goddess of it!

"Mrs. Cruz, -"

"I was never married before and my son was born out of wedlock. Who are you called missus?" No wonder. Who would want to marry you if you are like this?

If an 'old you' is such a porcupine, then the 'young you' must be - beyond imagination.

I wonder why these product promoters would knock this old lady's door! Just five minutes in her audience, I nearly pulled my hair off my head.

Such a strange mortal world this is. These people don't have any magical supernatural powers but they do possess weird non-magical powers that could kill a person without shedding a single drop of blood.

"That was my honest mistake. Please forgive me ma'am."

"At least you know." She scoffed angrily.

"I'm called Tzalmon Ebernus -" She has already cut me off several times already; once more and I might even strangle her without any restrain.

"So what?" Calm down. I should not get into anymore troubles before I find Eblilis and my son!

Calm your anger down, Tzalmon. Swallow it all and put on a thick skin. It's not a just a lucky year for you.

"I am not here to sell you anything nor am I here to promote any product."

"I don't like relatives visiting us. If you are a distant relative and came to visit us, then thank you for coming. Have a safe journey back."

No, I should not lift my hand on a woman. That is not gentleman like.

Chanting some ancient verses that calms mind and heart, I was finally able to put on a small polite smile back on my face.

No, ma'am, I live in the same neighborhood as you. I and my friends are opening a self defense academy and a gym soon. This is an invite for your family." I pushed the card in her hands slowly and was about to get out of there when I heard her again.

"You see, I will be ninety this year, you think I should go and learn self defense from you? Or you want my old bones to exercise on those heavy machines?" What is wrong with this woman!

"Absolutely not Ma'am. Perhaps your son -"

"He is an emperor of laziness."

"Your daughter in law -"

"She hates using her body for something good." Kill me! Damn it.

"Your grandchildren -"

"They take after their father." Just what kind of bad luck threshold did I cross?

How come I keep facing situations worse than precious ones one after the other without a break?

"Your other children maybe." I spoke with a smile although I was actually gritting inside.

"I had the present one so late, when will I have the time to make a second one? You think I was exempted from menopause?"

What a pompous lady! She can speak about her womanly leaks so freely in such arrogant manner!

"Ah, then please do come to the opening party if and when you have time. I shall be taking my leave now. Have a good day, ma'am." I hurriedly said and turned around to walk away as soon as possible.

However I did not miss what she said after I turned away. "What an active morning rooster! Wishing me to have a good day when it is close to sunset."

And that ticked the wrong nerve inside me. The other invite cards in my hand almost turned into garbage from the tight fists I was making.

Centuries ago, when the kingdom was not under the curse, the mortal world was a free playground for us to walk in and out any time we wanted.

No restrictions were levied and being the one in control of souls, I was able to do whatever I wanted here. However, at that time, this world was still in its proper state. The culture, etiquettes etc., were still acceptable.

Look at these worms now! Just their manners and attitude would make one to strangle them.

Just a few centuries of leap and the whole mortal world is turned upside down. Women wear short clothes and expose everything but it was their right and freedom to do so.

However, if a man looks at the exposed skin, then that man becomes a sinner.

Women have equal rights here but when it comes to carrying their own luggage, they pass on them to a man. Why is there no equality there?

Men, don't even know where to start from. How come men become so foolish over the time?

They forgot about courtesy, righteousness; gentleman kind of men are not available anymore. They cannot manage both work and family, cannot have a devoted heart, cannot marry a single woman one at a time.

The list goes on!

With technology making work easier for these people, their brains are clogged now, physically weak and mentally gone wrong.

But then again, putting all the bad things aside, what is attractive about this mortal realm is their skill of acceptance.

No matter what kind of person it is, who it is, they are more accepting than people of mystical realms.

The more I spend time here, the more the good started to weigh more than bad. It must be because of Eblilis influence from before.

Sigh!

"You - what are you doing here again?" The same old lady's annoying voice woke me out of my thoughts.

"Uh, ma'am you are here." I checked the name plate and the door number of the house to see if I got to a wrong house.

When I saw I wasn't wrong, I frowned at the old lady who was standing near the door.

"This is my daughter in law's maternal house. You want to invite this family to your gym too?" She scowled and opened the front door without ringing the doorbell.

Uh, not again!

Why should this house be related to this old Satan?

Just one look at her wrinkled old face, my legs almost shook from helplessness and anger.

To what a low point I fell down! Time really is a constant change in the world.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

I was down with severe cold and fever so couldn't update earlier. I hope you understand.

For Tzalmon who was always worshiped and treated like an honorable entity, he is facing all sorts of things in mortal world.

Does he deserve it?

Poor Tzalmon, his first encounter with a normal everyday old lady was a complete horror show.

I secretly wish for him to suffer ever more similarly.

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 91
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"This will be the last time I am giving an invite to anyone. Let me clear on this; your king shall only impose orders and shall not take one."

I grunted loudly for a minute before slamming down the remaining invites on the table. Eelk jumped a step back in fright while Azar and Gyles did not even blink however, they did shrunk their necks a little.

I plopped down in the chair and looked at my three subjects who forced me, convinced me to hand over the invites in the neighborhood.

A pure kind of hatred spread through me when I looked at the three.

"Majesty, we don't know who made you angry to such an extent." Azar asked, threading smoothly on the subject.

"Don't even remind me of her. Do you know the old lady from the Cruz family?" Azar and Eelk nodded as a sudden light of realization was seen in their eyes while Gyles only looked even more confused.

"You both knew what a hardheaded lady she is." I complained.

"Please calm down, Majesty. Old Lady Cruz was supposedly always a hard nut to crack and a weird person. Please do not spoil your royal mood because of a mortal woman." Eelk tried to pacify me but the more I think about that old lady, the more I think she was destined to be my mortal enemy.

That old one spoiled my mood completely by appearing twice in front of me today. Not only was my brain eaten raw at her residence but also at her in-laws residence too.

When I went to send the invite to Miller family, that old Cruz - nay, that old curse, was already standing there, scowling down at me as if I stole her wealth.

Apparently, that was her daughter-in-law's maternal family house and that family loves to follow the Cruz family in everything. For some weird reason, the Miller family loves to copy everything that Cruz family does and are quite proud of it too.

I say, is laziness and hardheadedness so amazing to copy? Is it some kind of trend or something?

And so, in front of Miller residence, I had to hear ten minutes of absolute nonsense from the old lady curse. After ten minutes of providing me with nothing but headache, she snatched the invite card from me and said she would hand it over to the Miller's.

"I want to know what that old lady eats. She doesn't look like a person who is already half foot into death." How can a person so old be so active?

If she wants to she can even lift a whole cart of heavy iron without sweating at all. I did not even see such a person in mystical realms.

"Should I just end her secretly, Majesty?" Gyles, who was silent until now, asked.

One look at him, anyone can tell that he was itching to beat and kill someone. He was so used to all the fighting that coming to the mortal world is like giving a bunch of vegetables to a lion.

"You can't, General Gyles. This is not our kingdom and Lady Cruz did not really do anything that would award her with death." Azar reprimanded Gyles with a frown.

"That's right. If you continue to be blind to this change of culture, then you might suffer even more, General Gyles. I really wish you could change according to your surroundings." Eelk continued in a slightly frightened tone.

The anger on Gyles face only increased by several folds after hearing Azar and Eelk's advice.

Even I am forced to tone myself down in this world, what is he frowning about? Did he notice how much I changed in these past five months in the mortal world?

"Enough Gyles. You will not do anything stupid. Now report me about the tasks you were give."

Half an hour of discussion, the next course of actions are planned. Gyles and Eelk will continue working on the academy while Azar's sole responsibility is to look for Eblilis.

Since the opening day was getting closer, all the four of us are on our foot all day and night. To avoid the bunch of girls flocking around me, I chose to work at the academy, before and after it opens.

I was initially thinking to just be the owner and look after the management but after experiencing a new world of madness in just a small neighborhood, I realized the power of consuming oneself with work.

Here, it is necessary for the business to be registered with the local authorities. Being the owner, I had already made several trips to the law office.

Tomorrow will be the opening of the academy and today I am here again at the law office to get few more necessary permissions for tomorrow.

These past few trips to the authorities, there were a couple of officers here that I got on good page with. Although they are not high in rank, it could be said we are well acquainted now.

There is Lieutenant Allen, a thirty year old law enforcer who helped me with all the paperwork regarding the academy, 'Thunder's'.

Then there is Captain Cruise who is a forty something years old kind man who started off as a detective and reached the chair of captain in less than ten years.

While Lieutenant Allen is serious and passionate about his job as a law enforcer, Captain Cruise is a soft hearted and a kind old man which is completely different from his personality when he was a detective.

"Here it is, permission for fireworks is granted but it should not cross the limit and should be done under great safety measures." The Captain signed the permission letter and pushed it towards me.

I smiled politely and expressed my thanks to him. I am not a King here, at least not for now, so being blindly arrogant will lead to only destruction. Also both Cruise and Allen are pretty good people so granting them an honor to be my acquaintances is not bad.

"This is the invite card for the opening ceremony, Captain. Do attend the party with your family. Like I said, there is some good gym equipment suited to you law enforcers too." Although Eelk did invite him, as my first acquaintance, I also have a responsibility to invite him and Allen personally.

"Um hmm, I will come by for sure and so will Lieutenant Allen. Right, did you find your wife yet?" When I heard him asked about Eblilis, I sighed and shook my head lightly.

"Not yet. It's been months and I still couldn't reach even the shadows of my wife and son." When I was here for the first time to get the approval for business, the police did a deep background checking on all the four of us and interrogated us about our purpose for settling down in Tucson city.

It was then that I confessed to him that I was from a very faraway country and I was here to search for my wife and son. I told them that due to a misunderstanding, my wife got heartbroken and left me with my son so I am here clear it up, apologize and get the both back into my life.

A half truth but it worked since it's the truth after all.

"Why don't you give me her name, I will see if I find her if possible!" My eyes brightened immediately hearing his kind suggestion.

That's right, since he is a police, he should have greater chance of finding people than I or Azar do.

"Acacia Dawn Winters. That's my wife's name and my son is Igses Dawn Ebernus." I told him the names immediately without hesitating for a second.

If I can find them soon, then I can get them soon too. However, this time, I shall do it on her terms. I will not make the same estimations I made in the past.

Estimations, not mistakes, because I was not wrong in wanting to keep her with me. She was and is my wife.

However, my estimations did go wrong as some of my calculations are not correct. But this time, I will make sure I satisfy her and take her back to the kingdom by her will.

"Acacia, Dawn..." Captain Cruise started to mull over the names.

"Did you hear that name anywhere, Captain?" I asked expectantly.

"I think so but I'm unable to remember it clearly. Give me some time and I will look into it." The Captain said and assured me that he will definitely look into the details.

"Although I'm curious, Mr. Ebernus."

"Curious?"

"You are a rich and an amiable man, how come your wife ran away from you? And you say it is your mistake which baffles me as well." The Captain asked inquisitively.

If I was of some ordinary origin and birth, then I would've thought Captain was asking me about the details out of concern for me. However, being a deity and a King for centuries now, I can clearly distinguish doubt from concern.

"I - I took some decisions without taking her stand into consideration. For a woman who was so independent and passionate, my decisions made it harder for her to pursue what she liked so she chose to leave me alone and took my son away with her."

"And you are not angry with her?" Doubt is practically slipping out of his pores.

"It would be a lie if I said I wasn't. But I understand her take as well." If I said I wasn't angry at all, then it would bring a series of unfound doubts.

So being a normal man with normal emotional state is better than making myself magnanimous or otherwise in such situation.

Finding Eblilis is the priority here!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Finally Tzalmon made some friends in the new world. Who is happy for him here?

Tzalmon was helpless in front of old lady Cruz. He deserves it though!

With the help of Captain and Lieutenant, will Tzalmon find Acacia and his son?

Or will fate take another turn and blocks their paths again?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim **


###chapter 92
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"This is weird."

"Yes it certainly is."

"Even though we were prepared for it, it still is peculiar." Azar, Gyles and Eelk kept on commenting.

I, on the other hand, stood near the table with my drink in hand and my attention on the two gentlemen who I've been chatting with for four minutes now.

I couldn't help but find it funny when the two gentlemen who are with me heard their discussion and looked at the trio in a confusion and disbelief.

Well, this kind of party is truly weird knowing how we are not accustomed to the culture and trend yet. Party back in my kingdom would be a gathering of men with some good food and drinks in the garden or the ballroom. Soft music would be playing and there shall be some beautiful women for entertainment who would be dancing, singing for us.

By the end of the night, the entertainment women will follow the interested subject of mine to spend a night.

However, the parties here has broadened my view in many ways.

The music is peppy and sometimes loud. The food and drinks are of large variety that there is no end to them.

But the surprising thing, ladies are as much a factor of participation as men are. Guests from both the genders attend the party with equal rights with none above the other.

Those who wants to dance can go to the middle of the ballroom and dance as they like without anyone of their choice.

Such an open kind of ceremony, I've never seen or experienced before.

"Is that some kind of dance here?" Seeing that the gentlemen I was talking to walked off to find their next company, the three subjects of mine strode to me in hurry.

Like me, they are donned in a three piece suit which is a type of costume that men wear to their work or for official purposes.

"Jumping like that is a dance?" Gyles answered Azar's previous question as a frown snaked on his face.

"And punching the air?" Azar pointed out

"And twisting neck as if it's boneless?" Gyles completed while both Azar and Gyles turned to look at Eelk to seek some explanation.

"You know about this world and their culture more than we do, do clear our doubts Eelk." Azar asked politely, finding this experience not just strange but amusing too.

Eelk put on a very wise and a know-it-all expression and smiled at the two ignorant ones graciously. "The generations in this world is divided not by clan advancement but by the transition of the society. Every twelve years this generation changes with the transition in society's bearing and technology advancement. The current generation is called 'Gen Alpha'."

"So?" It's not just Azar and Gyles but even I couldn't help but ask why he is giving us this sudden unrelated information.

Eelk, without any refrain, without any respect for my position, gave the three of us a look that clearly shows how stupid he thinks we are. "Every generation has different kind of music, dance and arts styles. Gen Alpha people loves peppy and hyper active dance scores. This dance has no particular pattern or form. People just do what they like to their heart's content."

Eelk looked at us with a proud smile as if he won the world. I glared at his audacious behavior and immediately the smile on his face vanished which is now replaced by fear.

My attention came back to the lot of people who came to attend the ceremony and party. While most of the people from the neighborhood came, including Old lady curse and her family; what surprised me more most of the rich and influential people of the city also attended the party.

According to what Eelk said or what how things go around in this world, unless the person or the concerned organization is quite on the top or powerful, they don't give a flying pig about it.

To see many representatives all over the city to come over, it can be said that the opening is successful.

"Majesty -"

"I told you to address me as sir here." I reminded Eelk harshly.

"Sir, those ladies over there, they have been eyeing you, all of us for quite some time." Eelk spoke not even looking at me.

At this moment, his eyes, his mind and if I'm not wrong, even his heart is fixated on a burgundy hair girl. As far as I remember, she is a Vice President of a company called 'ID Designs'.

Although there are at least a dozen young ladies there, except for the burgundy girl, everyone's eyes are literally plastered on to me.

If not for my supernatural powers, I would've missed the drool dropping from their mouth.

I mean, if I am this handsome and hot for these ladies, why didn't Eblilis ever look at me with such look of desire?

"But seems like your eyes are on a specific lady there." Am I hearing it right?

Is it really Gyles, my army general who is as stoic as a stone could be, teasing his subordinate?

"She is beautiful." Eelk's voice was laced with such fascination that Gyles almost puked on him.

"And charming."

"And elegant." And he went on being a blind puppy for next several minutes which we all ignored seeing that he is enjoying his moment.

"Mr. Ebernus," Just when I thought I had enough of him, a middle aged man in his one of the finest suits, walked towards me with a young lady by his side.

"I am Christopher Jones, Managing Director of Rays Chemicals. It's nice to meet you." He introduced himself, putting on a business smile and offered his hand for shake.

I mirrored him and shook his hand, "Pleasure to meet you as well, Mr. Jones. I've heard a lot about Rays Chemicals, the leading company in its class."

Mr. Jones immediately answered me with a very joyous laugh and brought the lady by his side to step in front of me. "This is my daughter, Serena Jones. She is a mechanical engineer who is now working as a lead engineer in Porche manufacturing."

"Pleased to meet you Miss Jones. You look absolutely beautiful this evening." I complimented her politely with the practice I had for centuries.

Anything can change in this universe but not women's love for compliments. So having a good grasp of such things in the social events for centuries now, it's a back of my hand play now.

Serena Jones gawked at me with such unconcealed passion in her eyes that it made me a tad bit uncomfortable.

Although, as a King, I can have more than one wife, I would rather kill myself than go for another woman who is not Eblilis.

One, because I started to fall in love with her.

Two, I don't think I will live a good life or live at all if Eblilis finds out about it.

Three, the only special feelings that I ever had were for Eblilis which makes everything clear and period to me.

"You look not bad yourself, Sir. I heard there was a new millionaire in town but never imagined that he would be so good looking." While I only smiled back politely, Azar and Eelk were having fun seeing in the predicament.

When they saw that I was uncomfortable, without a word, they dragged away Gyles with them and left me alone with the Piranha Jones.

One thing I learnt after coming to this world is women here can be as dangerous as a bandit back in the kingdom. Only Eblilis is a lotus in the mud pond.

"Thank you."

"You are not from this city, I guess?" Mr. Jones spoke, thankfully catching back my attention on the right subject.

"Not really. We hail from Greece." I said as planned.

When Eelk got us the identity cards through a backdoor source, he thought of the every background aspect. So according to the details registered there, we are from Greece from an orphanage where we four met and started traveling around on business purpose and making money.

"No wonder you look like a Greek God." Umm, Lady, have some restrain and little shame.

Commenting on me like that in front of your father is a little -

But when I looked at Mr. Jones, I noticed that he cannot be any more proud than he is right now.

What an open minded father!

I was between controlling myself from hitting both the father-daughter and covering up how uncomfortable I look at this moment.

Thankfully, right at that moment, a familiar voice brought me out of the troubled waters.

"Mr. Ebernus, congratulation on your new business." Captain Cruise and Lieutenant Allen, with a big bouquet of flowers, strode towards me like soldiers on duty.

"Captain, Lieutenant, great to have you both here." Right when I was about to exclaim with unusual happiness, I composed myself and provided them with a polite smile and curt business like nod.

Keeping my natural cold exterior, I welcomed them swallowing back my grin. Noticing the new arrival, the Jones father and daughter excused themselves with a silly laugh and gave me the space I so needed.

"You got a nice place there. Do I get a discount on membership card?" Lieutenant Allen roared in laughter displaying how close we are.

Allen patted my shoulder as if friends would. If it was someone else, if it was back in my kingdom, I would've separated the hand from the body.

"Of course. Of course." I forced a chuckle, trying to calm down my anger.

"Welcome yo- " Before I could finish what I wanted to say, I heard something that cause my heart to beat wildly.

"Alright, I will have it fixed, Acacia."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Do you all agree with Tzalmon and team about the weird dance moves the clubbing culture brought to us?

Who, among you, dance blindly when your favorite music is played and is not embarrassed at all?

At least, Tzalmon does have a devoted heart for Acacia... for now. Your views?

Seems like love is in air for Eelk. Eelk is the one I like the most in the group. What about you all?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 93
**Tzalmon Point of View**

That moment -

The moment I heard her name; that very moment, I felt like I was drenched in water after roaming aimlessly in a desert.

For a moment there, my heart stopped beating with anticipation and anxiety. Without even a fraction of a second delay, I turned back to reach the voice that called out her name.

A female voice it was, a little dominating and powerful and sounded a little far.

Who was it?

That female, she must be referring to the Acacia I know. She must be talking about my Acacia. She must be...

I ran towards the direction the voice came from. On the way, my eyes are constantly looking everywhere, scanning to find the source of the female voice.

In less than ten seconds, I reached the door that leads to women's bathroom which I cannot enter. Of many ladies going in and out of the place, I stopped one that was nearer and pinned down with a stare.

"My lady, I apologize for my behavior. I heard the name Acacia just now, was it you who called out the name?" I asked in complete urgency.

"No, Mr. Ebernus. I don't know anyone with that name." She said and walked away.

Not her. It's not her voice I heard before. The voice I heard before did not sound too gentle like this one.

I asked around a few more ladies and only ended up with a disappointing result. Before I continue to inquire any more ladies, Captain and Lieutenant stopped me from going any further and took me away to a corner where there are no prying ears.

"Mr. Ebernus, if you keep stalking around ladies bathroom, you will end up in prison." The Captain warned me, however, I could still detect good intentions in the warning.

He was looking after me which I do appreciate but Acacia -

"I heard her name, Captain an-"

"And there are thousands in this world who has the same name as you wife." The Captain cut me off and said.

"But I have a feeling it was her. My guts are telling me that the lady was referring to my Acacia." I exclaimed.

Running a hand through my neatly combed hair, I couldn't help but punch the wall beside me in frustration.

"And how do you know? Let's say you really heard your wife's name but stalking in front of ladies washroom will only get you into trouble. Mr. Ebernus, I know you want to find your wife as soon as possible. I know you love her -" He paused, looking at me with a knowing glint in his eyes. "-but being reckless will only harm in return."

I know, I understand what the captain said was right but when I heard her name, something went off inside me. It was a kind of relief yet urgency that pushed me towards her unconsciously.

I have to find her no matter what.

"If you feel that the name you heard was your wife's then it is a good news, Mr. Ebernus." Lieutenant commented as he looked at me seriously. "We are at least sure that she is in this city. If she is in this same city then finding her wouldn't take long. You just have to be strategic in your searching."

"I understand, Lieutenant. I know what you mean. It's just that when I heard her name, I - I- " I waved my hands in air not knowing how to put my emotions in right words.

It was a mix of many things; hope, relief, anxiety and many more emotions staged a play inside me.

Captain and Lieutenant looked at me intently, not missing any minute changed on my face. I was born and raised a King of an immortal realm so it came with my position and power to keep my emotions in check and mask them well.

Although I let the mask off for a moment here, I was still able to conceal most of my feeling inside me but when the two officers showed me pity and knowing glances, I knew I slipped my mask way too much.

"You lost your cool. Your hope raised at the same time you also felt helpless; we understand. Let's do this, since this your party, it would be bad for you and your business make any inappropriate actions. You pass on your wife's picture to me and I will use my personal connections to look for her. If were to use law enforcers then it might not be good for your wife." I listened to the Captain and nodded as I composed myself again.

"I don't have her picture with me. She took them all with her leaving me with none but I do have her lifelike painting with me. I will ping it to you." I lied to the officers about the pictures.

Getting a painting is easy. Her face, her body, every single feature of hers is still embedded in my mind like it was just a minute ago she ran away from me. With the messaging application called 'Whatsapp' which I learnt to use recently, it was pretty easy to send over messages or pictures to the other person.

"By tonight or latest by tomorrow, I will send you the picture of her painting. I have to express my gratitude towards the help you both are providing me with." With an assuring nod from both the officers, we went back to the ballroom where party is still at its high.

The moment I was back in the ballroom, I exchanged meaningful glances with Gyles and Azar and they understood what I meant while there is no address of Eelk.

Seems like he is still gawking at the burgundy hair lady from some corner!

A few minutes lady Azar came to me and said something that baffled me. "Majesty, you might be right."

"What do you mean?"

"From the time the party started, I felt the presence of Her Majesty was little stronger." My eyes widened a little as I realized that I was indeed right.

My instincts were indeed right.

"She was here?"

"Not really. But someone who was frequently in contact with her. The aura was mixed and not as stronger as it would get when she was here in person." Azar whispered as he looked around in contemplation.

"I knew it. I knew it the moment I heard her name. If someone related to her was here, then it means she running in the high business circle of the city." She must be working in one of the companies that came to the party.

Knowing how independent she has always been, She would not depend on anyone to look after her and my son.

"Azar, make a list of people who visited the party along with their company name. I want it by the end of the party." I ordered after thinking for a moment.

Lieutenant was right. I need to search for her strategically. Since I cannot bring out her painting and personally look for her with fear that it would give her hints, I can give the painting to the officers while I look into the companies that came today.

Now that the objective for this party has served its purpose, I will now have to start with the next phase of the plan.

The rest of party, I made certain to thoroughly get acquainted with all the guests. This is also mainly to make my search easier in the later phase.

Eblilis was connected to one of the people here, to one of the woman who came here so it is important for me to make close association with them.

By the time lunch started, I walked to center of the ballroom to make an announcement.

"Hello everyone, Thunders is not just a workout place it also provides everyone with fighting classes. Simple self defense to martial arts, there are some highly qualified teachers here to serve the purpose. Equipped with some advanced machines, Thunders' Gym is open for all who gets registered with membership. Thunders' Academy is for people of all the ages who wants to learn be it self defense or art of fighting. The admission for the academy will start from next week till the end of the month. You can get registered yourself or for your children. Thank you for your time, please proceed with the lunch. Hope you like the food here; all the cuisines are specialties from my hometown. Enjoy."

After the small speech, the lunch proceeded without a hitch and the party came to an end by sunset. Everything after lunch went on smoothly as many approached Azar and Eelk for membership cards for Thunders' Gym.

By the time I got home after the party, Azar was already ready with the list I asked for. Eelk, who was missing for most of the party was now sitting in the living room with a square object that people here call 'laptop'.

"Where were you the whole day? I only saw you for a couple of hours in the morning and later you went missing." Gyles questioned Eelk to which Eelk grinned proudly.

"I got two good news to share."

"And they are?"

"One, I am now able to operate the laptop without any trouble now and two -" He stopped putting us in suspense.

I raised a brow in question to which he smiled at me and revealed the second good news he got.

"I might have a crucial clue about Lady Dawn."

And that caught my attention by a storm!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Is desperate Tzalmon a good show to watch? 

He is slowly but surely getting close to Acacia. What do you all think? Should he meet her now or not?

The officers are really kind to help Tzalmon. Don't you think so?

What do you think? Is Acacia still angry with Tzalmon and hates him or has it toned down by now?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim
**

###chapter 94
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"So, this Mr. Arundel knew someone called Acacia." I said after hearing his version of the episode that happened in the party.

"That's right, Majesty."

"And this Acacia was apparently an Architect." When Azar asked that, a thoughtful look appeared on all our faces.

"Yes." Eelk said with a proud smile.

"But this Mr. Arundel was from Ireland and he had met her there two years ago?" Now, this part of the story is where it all got messed up.

Eelk nodded hesitantly which proved even he was confused by this part of information.

Two years ago...

But how...

"That's not really possible." Gyles who has been quite all this while commented doubtfully. "This might not be Lady Dawn, Majesty."

I think so too. It cannot be the very Acacia we are talking about because for her to be there in Ireland and be an architect for her client is simply not possible.

"Uh. I thought the same at first, however -" Eelk paused, staring at us brooding where he should continue to say what he wanted to or not.

"However?" I demanded.

"Mr. Arundel's description of the Acacia he was talking about was a little similar to Lady Dawn we knew."

"And what does that mean?" Azar got excited as he heard that and truthfully, I was as well.

Eelk sighed and opened his mouth reluctantly to answer us. "Beautiful big eyes, long dark hair, pretty face that could bring down kingdoms, a taciturn showcasing her strong personality without using words. Sounds familiar, does it not?"

Everyone fell in pin drop silence for good few minutes, each of us having our own thought process. That really sound like Eblilis; so similar that for a moment there I was sure she was the one.

Yet...

Yet something pulled me back from believing it.

"I would've been sure if it was five months ago." Gyles spoke suddenly, giving the same perspective that I have.

"I know what you mean. That is the reason I found it similar yet I couldn't confirm."

"If we did not come to mortal realm and had not met people here, not seen the culture here, we could've certainly confirmed that it was Lady Dawn he was talking about. But I realized that I've seen and met several people with similar personalities over time here that it was not strange for a woman to be soft-spoken yet powerful in this realm."

Azar literally stole the words out of my mouth. What is said is exactly what I was thinking. Unlike the mystical realms, the mortal world is truly fast paced in its culture. People, men and women both, here are much more relaxed as they have rather great amount of freedom.

This gradually caused mortals to make improvements in life and lifestyles although this has its downsides too. Because of this advancement and fast changing trends, mortals have variety of traits that are not common in mystical realms.

So Eblilis's personality maybe considered different and wild back in my kingdom but here, it is considered something common and very much natural.

"If you too think this might not really be Lady Dawn, what clue were you talking about?" I took the list of guests who attended the party again and asked Eelk as my attention is now divided between him and the list.

"If she was our Lady Dawn after looking into it, then it is good, if not, we will now know a few certain places to look for her. Isn't Lady Dawn passionate about building things? Maybe we should start from that."

And after telling the whole story, he finally arrived at the same point I was thinking about. Some subjects I have here!

While Azar, Eelk and Gyles were having other discussions, I checked the list and rounded off few names of people and companies that are worth checking out.

"Look at the names I circled, Eelk, leave the Thunders' to us and look into the names and companies I highlighted in this list."

Eelk looked closely and nodded in contemplation. A moment later, his stern and serious face gave out a full blown blush like smile, something we had never seen on him nor from any of my people.

Uh, why is he smiling like a creepy ghoul who was starved for a century?

"I'm glad to see Fortune on the list." For the first time in my centuries of life, I heard a man giggle and unfortunately it was my own subordinate.

Again, for the first time in my life, a chill ran down my spine and to think that even the worst of my enemies couldn't do that was an understatement.

"Can you please, umm, stop giggling?" Gyles shivered as he hugged himself protectively.

"What fortune are you talking about?" Azar, who has been scowling at Eelk, asked.

"Aviva Fortune, the Vice President of ID Designs." He mumbled to himself loudly with a grin. "Why not I start from ID Designs?"

"No." I ended his romantic thought as fast as it sprouted in him. With a hard glare pinning on him, I pointed a finger at him, "You are to look for your Queen first before looking for a lady for yourself."

"Of course, Majesty. I will do that simultan-"

"You shall prioritize your Queen first before all. Any sort of distractions can delay our main objective here. Start looking for Eblilis by the chronological order in the list." I ordered, making sure I made my point clearly.

Eelk bowed down and nodded his head with an ocean of sadness swimming on his face. He looked so disappointed and depressed that it might even compete my longing for my Eblilis.

And to think that he only met her just few hours ago! This man has lost his mind.

"I understand, Majesty. I shall fulfill my duties without a hitch. Finding Lady Dawn is my first priority always." He announced.

That rest of the night passed by and the next morning brought a new light to my life with new found confidence.

Somehow, for some good reason, I feel as if something good was going to happen. My heart, which has been in turmoil from the moment she left me, was now both filled with anticipation and excitement.

As per the plans, Azar and Gyles went off to Thunders' and Eelk on his own mission. Today, I have my own mission as well - her painting.

I got the necessary stationary last night so I can paint her as soon as possible. I wanted to do it last night itself but the work related to Thunders' has occupied me so today, I have to send the picture of her painting to the Captain.

Two hours later, I got it done and like I learnt, I took a picture of it from my phone and sent it to Captain through Whatsapp.

I thought of going to Thunders' to do my part of the job of being the owner only, I kept standing in front of my house for whole ten minutes in complete disbelief.

Pulling out my phone, I called Gyles first to ask for an explanation. "Where is my car?" I growled totally out of mind.

"Umm, Majesty, isn't there another car for you?" Gyles mumbled guiltily.

Aren't both the cars mine?

How come he took my vehicle without asking for my permission? I am his King for goodness sake!

"Your courage is really growing well. Did you all forget who I am and who you are?"

"That's not the case, Majesty. I apologize for taking the car without permission but seeing there was one more car for you and we have important work to attend to, we couldn't help. What happened to the maroon car?"

"Why don't you ask Eelk?" I cut the call and called Eelk immediately.

"This is Eelk speaking."

"How nice. You might not sound this nice the next time you pick my phone." I gritted.

"M-Majesty!" He exclaimed in fear.

"Ah, so you still remember I am your King. How kind of you." I growled out loudly. "Where are you?"

"M-Majesty, I'm currently on my way to Vulcan Architects."

"Vulcan Architects? Isn't it located on the other side of the city?" Seriously now?

"Yes, sir."

"How are you going there?"

"By car, Majesty." He answered smoothly as if he doesn't know what his mistake was.

"By my car?"

"That's right Majesty." He sure has become dumb after coming here.

"And did you ask me before using my car?"

"That... Majesty -" I heard the sound of panting from the other side of the phone.

So you know how to be scared now.

"Now how am I going to reach Thunders' now?"

"I apologize, Majesty. I was supposed to visit several places so I took the car without thinking. How about you please wa-" He stopped himself. I could hear him gulp loudly through phone.

"Please what?" Don't tell me he wants me to wait for someone to pick me up!

"Umm, Majesty can you please - walk - Please walk there for today!" Words rushed out from his mouth followed beep sound indicating he cut the call on me.

Walk there?

Did he just cut the call on me?

This is heights of disrespect! What happened to those loyal obedient subjects of mine?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Eelk is like totally whipped by this red head called Aviva Fortune. 

The leader of royal guards who has always been serious is turning into a silly stuff toy. Your views?

Poor Tzalmon! His subordinates are less caring towards him now. 

So will Tzalmon now walk to his workplace while his subordinates stole his cars?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 95
**Tzalmon Point of View**

The late morning sun shone brightly while I leisurely walked through the busy roads of Tucson. My steps became lighter and leisure and I found it enjoyable going through the lanes of bustling streets.

Small and big, the businesses are opened for the day and vehicles are dashing through the flat and neat roads. The peddlers like me are taking footpath at the side of the road fast-walking to their destinations in hurry.

Some of the peddlers hired cabs using some application on their phone which I don't know how to use yet. If only I knew how to, I would've already hired and cab and would've already been in my office.

Thinking back to how daring and audacious my subordinates have become; my teeth nearly grinded themselves into powder.

Swallowing back the absolute betrayal from my own people, I walked slowly, making sure I don't bump into anyone.

Around me, a few people were giving me curious and admiring looks as I passed them. It has already been half an hour since I started to walk towards Thunders and I'm yet to walk half way more to reach there.

Thankfully, I have good memory and remember the directions well all this while, if not, I would've been hovering around the same street and still not realize it.

"Hey, look at him, isn't he absolute hotness?" Thanks to my good supernatural hearing, I heard a young lady from the other side of the road comment on me to her friends.

From the corner of my eyes, I noticed the group of girls looking at me with so much admiration in their eyes that one could easily pick the hints of desire in them.

Well, they cannot help though! I am Tzalmon Saccius Ebernus, the most handsome one in all the mystical realms.

"Hot is an understatement. Gosh! One look at him and I'm already dripping down there." Her friend commented back and goodness what unladylike these young girls are.

"I'm afraid one look from him can melt me like wax. For the first time in my life I've seen the perfect definition of tan."

"I know right! His skin is made for tan, so smooth, shiny; I wish I could touch him."

"Just look at his chiseled jaw, commanding fiery eyes, defined eyebrows and his whole muscular posture. He must be a model if not a Greek God."

I could hear their discuss faintly until I turned over to the next street. Even in such noisy surroundings, I was able to detect their gasps and irregular breaths all the while their eyes were on me.

While on one hand I was stunned by the culture shock I got from open and shameless discussion between unwed young ladies about am unknown man like me, I was also happy that the face and figure I was so proud of is still working on people.

If it is still working, why was Eblilis never affected by it?

I can certainly tell that I never saw any form of awe or admiration in her eyes even for a breath. Why was she not rattled by my looks?

A person, mortal or otherwise, will surely give into desire at some point of time if he or she is continuously in the presence of the particular subject in question.

Surely she was, is and always will be the only woman that was destined to me by the fates themselves. In that case, having good feelings is implied at some point of time. We had a son together and still I was never fortunate to be on the receiving end of those good feelings.

Why?

Unknowingly, deep in my thoughts, I've already reached the flea market that was only two streets away from Thunders. The loud voices of vendors broke my train of thoughts and several bumps into the passing people brought my focus back to the road.

This is the biggest market in the whole city which is always active. Apparently, the stuff here are cheaper with more buying options. With how packed the whole market is, I can tell why this place is so popular.

My eyes scanned through the stalls I passed by and saw many familiar and unfamiliar things put out to be sold. From a pin to ceramic pots, I saw a variety of items displayed for selling.

My steps got even more leisure I started to enjoy this little get away on the new land amidst the rushed life. I patted my pant pocket and when I confirmed that I have my money wallet with me, I strode towards a medium sized stall where these wooden figurines are sold.

The moment my eyes landed on those figurines, memories of Eblilis rushed through me yet again. I clearly remember how she used to pass her time in the castle when she was stuck there alone but making such wooden figurines.

Figurines of buildings!

And after Igses was born, she made several wooden toys for him all by herself. Looking at the wooden toys on one side of the stall, my eyes landed on familiar doll that she one made for our son.

A small floating duck.

My lips automatically curved into a small smile when the memory of how she used these wooden ducks she carved to bath Igses without making him throw tantrums.

That little guy loved these ducks floating around him in the bath tub which he was taking a bath.

"Welcome sir, is there anything you like to buy?" The vendor looked at me and asked politely. He must've noticed me looking at the wooden duck when he brought the cart of the ducks and placed it on the table before me.

"I see you took liking to the floating ducks. If you have kids and they are not really bathing-friendly, then these little companions will surely solve the problem." He explained.

"Pack them for me." I nodded and pulled out my wallet out of my pant pocket.

"All of them? There are twenty ducks sir." The vendor asked to which I gave a brief nod. He then happily went off to pack the goods leaving me to look around the stall.

"That would be thirty five but see you've bought the whole collection of it, I will charge you thirty only." I nodded and paid him thirty dollars before carrying the bag.

A couple of minutes later, I stopped at vintage store and bought a few items that reminds me of my home and my kingdom. After getting myself some cups and ceramics, I am currently strolling through a book store where it was written that the old and new books are sold.

It was not a very big store yet not a small one too. There are around nine large shelves filled with books and so I started looking for something interesting from the first one.

The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma...

You can heal your life...

Anatomy of the spirit... What an intriguing title!

I pulled the book out to have a look at it. If it is about spirit, obviously it would interest me. Let's see what these mortals understand about spirit nature.

Putting the book in the shopping basket that was provided by the shopkeeper, I walked to the next lane of shelves and continued to look. The top most cabinet of the shelf is lined up with self help books both old and new.

The power of Habit...

12 Rules for life...

The 7 habits of highly effective people... Ah, this seems to be interesting.

I placed the book in the basket and walked towards the shelf where a board was hung on top of it with words 'World History' written on it.

From the time I and my people came to this world, we were pretty much immersed with learning the ways of life here and find Eblilis simultaneously that we did not have time nor thought to learn more about the world itself.

Seeing that the shelf doesn't just have the history belonging to only this country but countries of the whole world, I took my time and got myself fourteen books from this section.

I still have several books that I want to buy from other sections but seeing the basket filled to brim, I decided to come back again once I complete reading the current ones.

"Hey old man," My body froze as if it was stuck by lightening.

This voice...

"Ah, you are here again, girl!"

"Yeah. Were you able to get the books I asked for?" Eblilis!

This voice, this familiar voice that I can recognize even in my dreams;

The voice I've been craving to hear again;

The voice that belongs to Eblilis.

She is here. Eblilis is here.

The baggage I was carrying in my hands fell down and I ran through the lanes of huge shelves to the direction where the voice came from.

Through the space from the lined up books I saw a pair of familiar looking lips moving as they smiled. My steps halted for a second at the beautiful familiar lips that had never smiled before were now displaying a mesmerizing arc of rainbow.

This is really her!

I finally rounded the shelf and by the time I came to the counter where she was standing just a second ago, it was empty.

"Where is she?" I held the shopkeeper by his shoulders and asked in a hurried tone.

"Mister, what are you doing?"

"Where is she? She was here just a moment ago." I asked ignoring his baffled expression.

"WHERE IS SHE?" I demanded again as I looked around to see if she was still in the shop.

"She - you mean that young girl Acacia?" I nodded vigorously.

"She just went away." And the hell broke loose!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Tzalmon sure is a hottest hunk in the mortal world. Ladies are smitten by him.

What are your views on poor Tzalmon having to walk all the way to his workplace?

If Tzalmon is really that handsome and Godly, why wasn't Acacia attracted to him before?

First glimpse of Acacia is here. Is she really Acacia though?

Tzalmon heard her voice and saw a part of her face. Will he find her now?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 96
**Tzalmon Point of View**

Like a madman, I ran out of the bookstore and looked around, bumping into people hardly on my way.

I rounded the whole flee market for nearly three times but I couldn't even see her shadow and what surprised me the most was, after she left the bookstore, I couldn't even sense her.

Although I couldn't sense her as strongly as Azar does, as he was her guardian, she was still my destined other half. I still can sense a bit of her presence and aura.

Coming back to the front of the bookstore, I ran a hand through my hair, messing the neatly combed one. Frustration and depression coursed through me when one minute she was there all smiling and hopping and next, she was like a poof of air.

Goodness, she was this close to me!

She was only few meters away from me!

I walked back into the bookstore and stood by the counter. "Ah sir, you are here. You left your belongings inside the shop." The shopkeeper noticed me and placed my things on the counter table.

"Acacia, do you know her?" I asked with enough command in my voice to be able to get truth from him.

The shopkeeper looked at me with fear and hesitation before he answered me. "She comes here once in a while to buy books, sir." Great. That's good news.

"Good. So where does she live?"

"That, I don't know sir. Except her first name, I don't know much about her." I can tell with one look that he was saying the truth. "Whenever she has a book that needs to be found, she comes here for help. Our store can get books that are hard to find in considerably cheap prices."

She indeed lives in this city! She is a permanent resident here.

"Then about the book she was asking for -?" The shopkeeper looked at me for few moments before answering me.

"She was looking for some Mediterranean style architecture books which are not found that easily these days. She was here a month ago as usual to give a list of books she couldn't find elsewhere and asked me help find them for her."

My guess was right; she was really working in architecture field.

I nodded thoughtfully at him and asked, "So you were able to find them?"

"Not yet sir. However, I will in few days. I've already talked to few of my connections and one of them did have copies of the books she asked for." It's good that my compelling power was still working here.

If it was not for it, I doubt this old man would've given this information to me seeing how he clearly seemed too suspicious of me.

But what I was more glad about was that I have a lead now. No matter how far it was, it was still a considerable lead to find her.

"When will the books she asked for arrive?"

"In a week probably, sir." A week. A week of wait is not bad. At least I know a place she would be at a certain time.

"Will you call her when the books arrive?"

"I don't have her number sir. I asked her to come by next Thursday to collect her books."

I immediately pulled out a small box type pouch from the inner pocket of my jacket and produce my business card from it. Putting it in front of him, I looked at him firmly.

"This is my card, put it somewhere safe. If and when she comes here again, call me to inform. If, unfortunately, I missed meeting her here, I would like you to get her number when she comes here the next time." I ordered.

"Uh, sir - I apologize but I cannot do that sir. She's a good young lady and I cannot give her information to strangers. I cannot inform you of her arrival." I refused with a painful frown. "Don't know why I revealed so much about her suddenly." He mumbled to himself as he shook his head to compose himself.

"I'm not a stranger. I'm her husband." I scowled, passing a glare at him.

"Then please prove it sir. As much as I know, she is single and was never married. But if you could provide some sort of proof to your claims, I shall think about informing her arrival to you."

"Proof?"

"That's right. Your marriage certificate or wedding pictures or household card etc." I have an idea what they are.

I recently came to know that there are several kinds of identification cards that a person own according to their living status.

And one of them was a marriage certificate which every couple get a copy each after registering their marriage with the government.

But how can I have the marriage certificate when we were not legally married here, less back in my kingdom too.

What a mess this situation is! I even need to provide a proof to prove my claim on my own wife.

"I don't have any at hand now but I can assure you that she is really my wife." Although I spoke confidently, I could tell he was not ready to believe me.

"Hmm, I see you don't believe me. Alright, then please tell me for how long do you know her?" I asked again trying to get at least something out him.

"Two and half years." What?

That's impossible!

Not possible at all!

"Are you sure?" I frowned.

"I may be old sir but I'm in this business for decades. I know who my regular customers are well. I'm quite sure I know her for two and half years give and take." I nodded.

I soon got the basket of books I gathered and handed them to the shopkeeper to bill them. After paying for them, I walked out of the bookstore with mix of emotions; some good and some not so.

I did not have any more interest to stroll around and buy anything so I walked to Thunders' quickly to share the news with the others.

~*~*~*~

"But Majesty, the lady you saw was really Lady Dawn? Are you certain of it?" I sneered at Gyles for questioning my instincts.

"She is Lady Dawn. Definitely she was." He cleared him throat after having received my glare.

"Azar, hire some men, give send them a copy of her painting and ask them to look out for her in the flea market, especially the bookstore." Azar nodded obediently. "Right, make sure you use hypnosis spell on them. You can use it now, don't you?"

"Yes, I can Majesty. I will have the job done." He right away went off to get the work done, leaving me and Gyles alone.

Once Azar left, Gyles and I fell in moments of silence, each having our own train of thoughts. Suddenly, Gyles looked at me and asked me a question that even I don't have an answer to.

A question that even I was wondering about!

"Isn't it weird how the shopkeeper was able to meet Lady Dawn for the first time two and half years ago? Majesty, how is that possible? Wasn't she -"

"Wasn't she in the kingdom at that time? Yes she was. She only arrived on the island around that time." This was something that baffled me as well.

It is a mystery to all of us.

Only two or three months later she left the kingdom, we came here so it is not possible for her to be here for two and more years.

"There are certainly several variables that took place when she was teleported back here. But what exactly would've happened?" I muttered, thinking over the possible variables.

"Never mind. We will know once we meet her again. While Azar is out to find Eblilis, it is up to both of us to manage Thunders'." He nodded and soon we got back to work.

The staff are already hired and they shall be starting their work from tomorrow. We have a considerable number of people who got their membership cards for Gym so now we have to work on martial arts academy.

Although I was drowned in loads of work, the thoughts of Eblilis never left my mind. On contrary, they are getting disturbing every passing minute.

My first question was how she was able to get away from the bookstore without being seen so quickly.

Also, what exactly happened all the time she returned back to the mortal world and what happened to my son?

Did she see me? Did she hide herself somewhere when she saw me in the bookstore and was that why I was unable to find her?

For some reason, I have a very bad feeling.

To calm my raging mind and heart, I took out one of the books I bought and started to read. You cannot tell what random thing might help you in unknown time. Gather some knowledge and information is not bad for now.

So I took out the topmost book lying in the bundle -

The study of spirits - The field of pneumatology!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

So, it is most possibly his wife Acacia that Tzalmon has seen. You think so too?

Tzalmon's subordinates grew horns after coming to mortal world. You agree?

Will Tzalmon and team be able to find Acacia in a week?

What is happening with the timing here? How can Acacia be in two places at the same time? 

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 97
**Tzalmon Point of View**

I was both impressed and surprised to find out that mortal have such good knowledge on nature of spirits.

These past few days, I've dug book after book on spirits and it was amazing that mortals who have no supernatural bearing have such deep thoughts on spiritual beings.

Although some of their studies only touched the basis of the actual theory, the matter that they could still reach that very thought and explored on it baffled me. Not only that but there were a few case where the author of that book or thesis expressed his view point which actually made me see many things in different perspective.

I wouldn't go as far as to say I learnt something from them as I am the Lord of Spirits myself, but some ideas and thoughts expressed by them did help me consider several issues in different angle.

What an interesting world this is!

Many of these mortals do not believe in magic and God but their analysis on something like spirits which is closely related to the supernatural activity was pretty thorough.

What a contradictory lot!

I closed the current book I was reading when the door to my office was knocked. With loud and clear permission to get in, Eelk showed his face for the first time in four days.

"Maj - Uhm Sir, I'm here with the report of the work I was assigned." He walked inside with fear clear on his face but nonetheless, he was brave enough to show his face and bring the report to me in person.

Whatever happened to my obedient subjects?!

"So you know how to come back." I pulled the folder from him and opened it read.

"How can a bird cannot come back to its nest sir!" I raised a brow at his witty retort and sneered at him openly.

"It cannot when it is killed on its way." I spat before giving all my attention to the report he got me.

The report was organized well according to the instruction I gave. All the female representatives of their respected companies who attended the opening ceremony was recorded separately.

However, there was a section I noticed where more than one guest appeared from a company and they are of mixed genders.

"So you visited all the companies and gave out our business catalogue to them?" This was the way we chose to search for Eblilis without making it obvious.

"Not all, Sir. There are four companies' people I couldn't meet up with. 'Ravine Advertisers' PR team is not in the town so I left the catalogue with one of their team leaders hoping to see them in future. 'BEM Cultures' had a minor accident with one of their supplies so they were not in mind to meet anyone until the issue was solved. However, I did leave the catalogue with the reception. 'Spring Cosmetics' and 'ID Designs' are the places I did not visit yet."

I lips twitched a little when I heard he did not visit 'ID Designs'. "You did not visit them? Why ever not?"

"Uhm, Sir, aren't you the one who asked me not to visit ID Designs?"

"Seriously now? I asked you to not to waste time with them from the start and go meet them in the end. Really Eelk I was meaning to ask you all three, what the heck is happening to you all? Why are you three getting out of hand recently?" I was irritated with their change in behavior.

If it was just a little and did not affect our mission then it was alright but these three seem to go extreme these days.

"Nevermind, why didn't you visit the cosmetics firm then?" I groaned with a sigh and looked at him for an answer.

Eelk scratched the back of his head awkwardly and looked at me without speaking anything. "Well?" I asked again to which he gave me an awkward smile.

"The cosmetics firm only has ladies working there sir. I didn't want to go there alone." I'm sorry what?

Did I hear this right? He didn't want to go there because it has only ladies in there?

What sort of logic is this? It's not like he is going there with any ill intentions!

"Commander Eelk, What do you mean you didn't want to go there alone? Are you expecting to take a bunch of male parade with you?" It seems like I would be getting into one of the mortal diseases with how these three are doing things right now.

Eelk's eyes widened in surprise and shook his head vigorously. "No no no Sir. I just didn't want people to misunderstand when I talk to any young lady from that establishment."

"And by people, what people are you talking about?"

"Just people sir."

"Like me, Azar and Gyles who might think you were transformed into a pervert after coming here? We won't Eelk, you don't have to be concerned about it." I couldn't help tease him when the meaning behind his words weren't lost on me.

Obviously I know what people he was talking about.

"Ahmm, yes sir and many more too. But - but since I have to put my job before my reputation, I shall visit them after I go to ID designs."

"How generous!" Eelk smiled brightly at me which made me want to slap his smile away.

Commander Eelk has always been a serious kind of person who was always wise and calm but how come he cannot even recognize simple sarcasm now?

And what's with his bright sunny smile?

"Just go. Go and continue with your job." I waved my hand and he left immediately.

I shook my head and sighed at the closed door as I massaged my temples. What am I going to do with these three?

For the next few hours, I busied myself with all the paperwork relating to Thunders'. The gym can be considered doing well for starters and in four days the martial arts academy shall start so there was a lot of work to do.

Since Azar was busy with Eblilis issues, It was only I and Gyles working on Thunders'. Being a King of a whole realm, managing a small business is like snap of fingers. However what might pose as obstacle was the different culture and technology here.

Azar and the people he hired have their eyes on the bookstore for the whole time and Eblilis did not appear again yet. Seems like she would only come by when it was time for her to take her books!

It looks like all that is I can do right now is wait. If fate permits, then it will certainly give us another chance to come face to face.

"Majesty," Gyles knocked the door.

"Yes, Gyles."

"News from the kingdom arrived and everything was going on well. If it wasn't for the restrictions here, we would've had our network here as well. The other mystical clans are also here living among mortal from centuries now. If it wasn't for the curse -" He did not complete his rant and just sighed in despair.

"I think that the restrictions on us here is temporary. It must be related to Acacia and Igses as well. Once we find them, the solution to remove the restrictions will be found too. Gyles, keep your attention on the kingdom too. Every news about the kingdom should reach me since it was not very long back since Vizac was dead. His people are still alive and well hidden."

"Yes, Majesty." He took out a tablet and with a pen wrote notes on it. I narrowed my eyes and look at the instrument he is using.

He got himself an Ipad? When?

"When did you buy this?" Gyles eyes widened and almost - nearly hid the thing behind him.

Do I look like a thug or a thief to snatch it away from him?

"Ahem... recently, Majesty." I nodded and squinted my eyes at his blushing cheeks.

"Alright. I'm going out for a walk. If there's something, call me on my phone." He raised his hand with two fingers on his temple, he saluted weirdly.

I've seen this kind of salute that people who call themselves 'hip' use. However, when the muscular, broad and monster looking Gyles use it and albeit in such a funnily strange way, I bit back my laughter.

Bless my eyes! Was that a salute?

Holy spirit! Is this really Gyles? General Gyles, the general who was named as demon himself on battleground by the whole mystical world?

"Why don't you - " I wanted to tell him not to perform this theatrics again but seeing how pleased he looked at himself, I just walked away without a word.

Forget it! Let him do as he wishes!

From the time I got a glimpse of Eblilis in the flea market, I've been going on these walks to different places every time hoping to see her again.

I've been to the city's one of the green parks and to one of their opera plays. Now, there's an art display and heard that many people would attend it. I got an entry pass as I am also one of the wealthy people of the city. If only Eblilis come too.

If only...

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Eelk is really good with his witty comebacks. Agree?

Why the heck is Eelk shy to go to the cosmetics company? Or why is he so suddenly shy about women there?

Eelk and Gyles are getting weird now. Don't you think so?

Tzalmon is so done with his subordinates. Poor him!

Will Tzalmon meet Acacia again in art display?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 98
**Tzalmon Point of View**

The concept of looking at art from a foot distance and admire it from far is new to me.

This was one of the biggest halls in the city and I only now came to know that things like art displays and any other displays were done here.

When I entered the hall and saw the rows of paintings and other type of art displays on either sides with barricades in front of them, it could be said to be a new experience.

Art, back in the kingdom, was either presented to me or to the academies and some mysterious famous ones sell them through auction. This method of gathering art from different artists and displaying them for people for either viewing or purchasing is strange.

However, it was also a very good idea.

I stopped by the first picture that was hung on the right wall and looked at it. My brows creased and I squinted my eyes together to see what kind of painting it is.

Beside me, stood a young lady and a small child about three or four years old hardly. From my peripheral vision, I noticed that both of them are looking at the painting seriously as if they were in euphoria.

"It's so beautiful and meaningful, mommy." The little girl gasped, keeping her bright happy eyes still on the painting.

Meaningful?

Isn't it just three colors splashed on the paper carelessly? What meaning did the little girl see in it? Forget about it, why is this even placed here on display?

It's not like it is a painting of scenery, creature or any object?

Not able to hold it anymore, I turned the pair of mother and daughter and looked at the little girl pointedly. The mother noticed this and went stiff for a moment before picking up the girl and holding her in arms.

I narrowed my eyes at her in displeasure knowing too well that she was thinking of me as some kidnapper.

"Little girl, may I know what meaning did you see in the painting?" I ignored the mother and looked at the innocent little girl with much softer eyes.

As softer as I could!

The girl looked at me with a natural pout and tapped her finger on her chin before answering me. "The blue looks like water, the pink below it looks like water plants I saw in books and the yellow is like gold that daddy got for mommy."

Umm, okay if you look at it like that the colors did represent some very common elements of nature but color is color and it just represents everything we know of.

I tilted my head to her and she continued with a giggle. "It is like a treasure map telling me that I can find gold under the water where there are pink plants. Mommy, can I and daddy go to treasure hunting again, please!" The little girl cupped her mother's face in her little hands and kissed her all over her face as she pleaded for her permission.

"Alright, let's ask your daddy when he is free to take you." Saying, she took her daughter away to the next painting.

I stood there, in front of the same painting for ten more minutes trying to find a meaning to it but no matter how much I look at it, it still looks like the colors are just splashed on the paper without a care.

In these ten minutes, a few people passed by me expressing their own meanings looking at the painting and that was when I understood that I should come up with my own meaning and that too from something so absurd as this.

Such weird mindsets these mortals have! Truly alarming!

I walked through the first hallway and looked at different paintings, of which a few are truly artistic and unique. There was this one painting of person hanging legs up and head down but no matter from which angle we look at, it seems like he was standing properly on the floor but the picture was hung upside down.

The illusionary trick used in it was outstanding, the sketching skills that made it happen can be counted as topnotch, not to forget how perspective the whole art is.

Now, that was what I call exquisite.

"Excuse me," I called for one of the staff members standing at a little distance from me.

"Yes sir,"

"Is this piece up for buying?"

"Yes sir. There are already few who are interested in this piece and are currently discussing the price with the manager. The manager has the right to choose who to sell it to."

"I see; then lead me to your manager then." The person nodded and lead me to a counter where a middle aged man dressed neatly in suit with a badge hung on his chest on the left side of the jacket.

"Sir, he is interest in the piece L3025. This is the manager here and sir, this here is supposedly Mr. Ebernus." The Manager's eyes widened slightly and returned to their usual polite.

"Mr. Ebernus, who owns Thunders'. It's a pleasure to meet you in person, Mr. Ebernus. I'm Zan La Rocca, the manager and supervisor of the art displays of the Tucson city." I stretched his hand for a shake and I responded back without a hitch.

"Nice to meet you as well, Mr. La Rocca." I nodded curtly. "Is the piece I was interested in still up for sale?"

"Yes sir. Here are the details of the art and its price." Saying, he handed me a catalogue on which the details of the painting, the pseudonym of the artist and initial price in case of competition.

"ID? The artist name is ID? Could it be somehow related to ID Designs?" I asked randomly not expecting a concrete answer from him.

To them, confidentiality of their artists is most important thing.

"I'm sorry we cannot reveal anything about artists but the artist is young child and this was not a secret exactly. I can only say that."

A child?

What child can sketch something so deep and wise?

"A child, you say? May I know what might be the age of this child to be able to produce such a fine piece of art?"

"Um, although only handful of us know about it, it is still not a secret so I can say that the child is four year old."

Four years old?

My eyes widened expressing some doubt in what he said. A four year old child, a mortal child to produce such an art is nearly impossible.

Even a four year old supernatural child cannot do it. It is simply unheard of.

"The artist has a request Mr. Ebernus. The art piece is to be sold only to the one who could tell the meaning of the painting that either match with the artist's intentions or something that even surpassed that. Please provide me with your perspective on the art."

I looked at the print of the painting on the catalogue for a moment and gave it a thoughtful glance again. It was only now did I notice the name of the artist 'ID' is written on the bottom corner. The 'ID' was written in such a clever and artistic way that one would easily mistake it to be a part of painting.

Not real! A four year child to produce something like this - not real at all!

Before answering I thought back to the little girl who gave out her meaning on the first painting and smiled inwardly.

If the artist is really a four year child, then his point of view should be similar to that of his age group no matter how refined his skills are.

I smiled to myself briefly and answered, "Drinking alcohol is bad for your mind." The manager gave out an exaggerated expression this time.

He gaped at me with his mouth hanging down until it touched his balls. "That was exactly the artist wanted to present in the painting. That was amazing. After more than seventy plus people trying, you are the only person who was able to see through the deep and wise intentions of the artist."

Listening to him praise me, it felt more like shame than a praise. I mean, how hard is it to decipher a child?

Either the people before me didn't know that the artist was a child or they thought this child is a reincarnation of God of wisdom himself!

"That's good. Then can I buy it for the initial price mentioned on the catalogue?"

"Of course Mr. Ebernus. Please follow me to make the payment." I followed him and paid a few thousand dollars more than the price telling him to hand over the extra money, a book and the note I wrote to the artist.

'The extra money is for you to get yourself a toy of your choice. The book is my personal collection. It's for you to know more about art. - TSE'

I handed over the book I brought with me from kingdom and the note to the manager which he took with a bright smile and nodded his head vigorously telling me he would do it.

With the painting bought, I proceeded to the second floor to see if I could find anymore good art pieces or better someone I was hoping to meet.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Let's be honest, few of those color schemed art works cannot be perceived right? At least I cannot understand the intentions of the artist of a few paintings.

Who can relate to Tzalmon when it comes to the first art work on display?

A four year child is an artist to such a degree? Unbelievable right?

The way he managed to see through the art through the artist's age is commendable. Isn't it?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim **


###chapter 99
**Tzalmon Point of View**

I had spend close to three hours in the exhibit but couldn't get a glimpse of her nor sense her. Thinking of it, she should be coming to art exhibit if she was in the city.

She was an Architect and loves art to an extreme, that is a fact I've seen several times before.

I'm sure I did not mistake someone else for her in the bookstore. It was her in every sense then where exactly is she?

I walked through second and third floors of the exhibit and bought a couple of ceramics and pottery items that gave out a beautiful look.

I hovered over in the first floor for a while hoping to stumble upon the person I was wishing for but when it was past lunch time and she was still not here, I shook my head in disappoint and left to Thunders.

"What is it?" The moment I stepped inside the front hall, I saw Azar, Gyles and Eelk facing off each other in a circle glaring at each other fiercely.

The three looked at me and bowed to me with a greeting before going back to glare at each other, this time ever more fiercely.

The nerve that they did not even come forth to take the things from my hands and help with them. These few things are not heavy for me but I am their king and they are my subordinates whose work is to follow me and do what they are supposed to!

"Alright, what is going on here?" I rubbed my temples, preparing for another of unreasonable fights that they seem to have been getting into these days.

"Majesty, please support me." Gyles spoke first with a pleading look at me and then turned to the other two with a glare.

"Support what?"

"Majesty, sir, you have to listen to me first. I'm being handled with unfair means and suppression from higher ranks." Surprisingly, it was Azar who said this.

That sounded wrong!

I scowled at their meaningless pleads and pinned all the three of them with a hard murderous glare. "Tell me what the matter is first."

"Majesty, you should know how amazing Nathan Chen is! Please make these two understand that he is the best in the whole world. I beg Majesty to help me support my claim." Eelk, for some reason, whined like a young girl.

Chen what?

What or who is he talking about?

Azar snorted and threw a killing look at Eelk before turning to me, "Majesty, tell them that Yuma Kagiyama is the best. I mean, the way he slides through the ice so effortlessly makes one prostrate to him."

"Enough! Just what and who are these people you are speaking of and why would you prostate to someone else? Azar, are you rebelling against me?" Why am I stuck with these three difficult people?

No, to be more precise, why the hell did they change to this extent? I just want to kill them, seriously.

"No - no, Of course not Majesty. Please forgive this worthless subject for speaking nonsense." He bowed down asking for forgiveness.

This is clearly - overacting!

"Get up and tell me who these people are first." I groaned.

"You can't be serious!" Eelk exclaimed, looking at me with surprise that reached skies. If I'm not wrong I found and hint a ridicule in his eyes.

The heck?

"What did you say?"

"Uh - umm, Majesty, sorry that came out wrong but Majesty you really don't know the gods of ice skating? Nathan Chen is the best ice skater on the planet. He is amazing, brilliant, and outstanding - he is just everything." I've only seen this particular spark in the eyes of those very young girls who were fawning over Korean boys.

Never knew Eelk to has it in him!

"Alright, so this Nathan is some ice skater and he is really good at his job. What is the problem then?"

"That is the problem Majesty." Gyles gasped as if he was persecuted unfairly. "Because the best on the planet is Virat Kohli."

"Who is this now?" I tilted my head a little to a side and asked with a raised eyebrow.

"He belongs to a country called India and is a sportsperson of a sport called Cricket. They hit a ball with a bat while some run to catch a ball. It's an interesting sport to watch, Majesty. Sometimes, I wish I had a dozen pair of eyes to watch the game." Gyles explained with an unexpected hint of admiration and fawning in his tone.

Only the heavens know how I had to control myself from puking when I saw that look on his muscular monstrous face.

"So it's all about some sport? You three are fighting among yourself to prove the talent of a certain sportsperson?" I cannot believe I am still looking at the three highly valued and highly ranked members of my kingdom.

"Actually, Yuma Kagiyama is the best ice skater out there but Majesty, I and Eelk are talking about one sport and sir Gyles is talking about a completely different sport. He started to fight with us over a complete different sportsman."

And just like that, all the three went back to glaring at each other all the while bickering about which sport and which sportsperson is the best.

Ten minutes of standing in the same place with heavy things still in my hands while looking at the three in front of the television fighting for the remote to change the channel to their favorite sport.

"Are you having fun?" I asked them with a smile.

The briefly turned back to me and smiled back with a nod. "Yes Sir. You should join us sir. It is truly interesting." At this point, I did not even care who it was that spoke this.

My anger spiked to the point where my head started to hurt and my heart started to beat faster. My eyes could only see red at this point of time.

"How about I interestingly banish you from the kingdom and you three continue to find your own interests?" Although my tone was soft, the words were hard enough to hit the three back to their senses.

Remote control fell down and a minute of pin drop silence passed over. The three have their face finally drowned in fear and several needed emotion for the time.

That, Majesty, we are -" Azar started.

"Where is your Queen and young prince?" Although the question was asked Azar, it was nonetheless targeted to all the three.

"You must've already found them, I see." I walked forward and put down all the things I bought on the counter table of the reception.

"Why don't you just tell me where they are so you can go back to celebrating?" Seeing that none were speaking I continued to pressure them more.

They have their heads down and none are looking at me. I wiggled both my wrists and took my seat in front where they are standing.

"Azar, why don't you tell me; your queen and young prince, are they up in my office room or are they taken to the residence?"

"Eelk should've found out her workplace. So where was she working exactly?"

"What about you Gyles? You must be done with Thunders work, yes? Is the list of admissions ready? Where are the fees slabs for the classes?" One blow after another, I asked the three for the results but none answered.

The silence went on for whole three minutes and three did not even dare to breath loudly. "On one hand I am trying to find my wife, your queen and your young prince not just myself but for our whole kingdom and on the other side, the three subordinated I trust the most are so indulged in their own interests that they forgot the reason for coming to the mortal world."

"We apolog- " I cut the sentence again.

"The new world is much more interesting than ours, I understand but the enjoyment should be kept for spare time. I will not stop you all to enjoy as you wish when you are done with your mission but seeing as you all are -" I stopped myself from speaking anymore and stood up to walk away.

I'm too furious right now to speak nicely to them. I don't want to hit them, for now so I closed my eyes to compose myself before walking away to my office.

"I'm disappointed." With those final words, I left.

I plopped down on my chair heaved out a long sigh before pulling out my phone. There was a message from Captain which I haven't read so I opened it to see what it was.

The phone should be kept on a silent mode in the art gallery so I couldn't see the message earlier on. If the Captain himself texted me, it must be something about Eblilis.

'Hot news - your wife was spotted near 'Darwin kindergarten' a few times recently. I had it confirmed that the sources indeed saw the lady in the painting you provided me.'

My hands shook a little as I read the message. The calmness of my heart that I just retained went back to pounding loudly, this time in anticipation.

Finally!

Finally!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Tzalmon couldn't see Acacia in the art gallery too. Poor him!

He is really trying hard to find her, isn't he?

Who thinks that Gyles, Azar and Eelk got funnier after coming to the mortal world?

Gyles is like another level. He is fighting for a sportsman of different sport with the other two. 

What? Acacia was seen near a school few times? 

So, is she finally found?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 100
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"This is not even a very big city. Why couldn't we find them at all?"

I ran a hand through my hair and groaned as a new level of frustration took over me. How come the more it seems I get close to her, the more she slips out at the last moment?

The funny thing is even the captain and lieutenant, who is not new to the city and has wide connection, couldn't find her quickly.

"Did you find out who got her books from the bookstore?" I rubbed my face as I inquired Azar. Azar gave me a disappointed face which gave me enough answer.

"The shop owner said someone else came to take the books on her behalf but the men I sent there to spy on couldn't tell who it was. That particular bookstore is quite a popular one with tens or sometimes hundreds of customers going in and out. The one who joined in the bookstore as helping assistant only knows that the person has come around eleven in the morning on Tuesday but he has no idea who that person is."

This is a mess!

The owner is not ready to share the information. The people I sent came out with zero results. There are surveillance cameras in the market but as a citizen I have no right to go through them.

Every door seems to open to a dead end road. This is truly maddening.

"M-majesty" Seeing that I was like an active volcano ready to erupt any moment, Eelk called me hesitantly. I noticed that he was having an internal fight with himself about something and scowled at him.

"If you have something to say, then spit it out." Eelk paled when he looked at me, trying to decide whether he should or should say what he wanted to.

"Majesty, do you - do you think Lady Dawn knows?"

"What do you mean?" I raised a brow, expressed how enraged I am with his question.

"M-m-majesty, please calm down first and think. If - If Lady Dawn saw you or knows you are here, will she want to come before you?" I couldn't help but chuckle out in anger.

Is he saying Eblilis is intentionally avoiding me?

"Impossible!"

"Is it though?" Holy heavens! I want to punch this imperial commander of mine!

"You said you couldn't find her out of the bookstore even though you were right on her tail. She must have at least felt it. Felt your presence or felt some kind of danger. She was after all the lady who broke the curse on us, she would have better instincts than normal." Without waiting for him to continue, I raised my fist and punched him on his face.

"She will not hide from me." Although I shouted, I wasn't completely with my own statement.

Eelk crashed the table in the living room to pieces and fell hard on the other side of the room. The room fell silent for a moment before Azar dared to speak something I wasn't ready to hear.

"Well, Majesty, you weren't exactly a Knight in shining armor to her in the past. She has the reason and right to actually avoid you and hide from you."

Hearing what Azar said, Gyles hissed and cringed a little when my anger turned into murderous one.

How dare he!

How dare are they!

I took slow deadly steps towards Azar as I towered him with my aura. "You have quite an opinion there, Azar. Do not for a moment forget who you are and who am I just because we are on another land."

"We do not mean to offend you, my king. You were, are and will always be our Majesty, the man who we look up to and put our lives to protect. However, please calm you heart and mind and think. Is what I and Azar said not true? We are your subordinates and our duty is to follow you without a word back however, now we are on the foreign land, experiencing foreign culture. Lady Dawn was born in this world with broad mindset which is different from us. She has suffered so much in our kingdom, the first and last chance she got; she used it to escape from us. Majesty, is it not obvious what she thinks of us?"

Eelk has always been the one who truly supported and helped Eblilis in the past. Even if he did reported her activities back to me as a part of his duty, he was also a true assistant and guard to her.

To say he was the only one who understood her suffering well is not an exaggeration.

I know... somewhere deep inside me, I know what he said is right. He was right about my , our and the whole kingdom's behavior towards her. She was suffocated there. She faced pain and injustice. She went through hell, I know but -

"I hope you give it a good thought of what we said, Majesty. Even if we do find her, will she come back with us? Or we will use force against them and take them back?" With the final flick of courage Eelk mumbled those words to me and bowed before limping away.

Following him, Azar and Gyles left as well leaving me alone in the living room. Even though Gyles did not say a word just now, I can tell he was feeling a tinge of guilty in his heart.

Gyles was also one of those who was harsh to her in the past, who looked down on her because was a female and who did not like her much.

I know Eelk was not wrong. I know it in my heart!

The next day, everything went back to normal. Azar and Eelk watched sports until it was time for them to go to work while Gyles was in his room doing god knows what.

The self defense and martial arts academy will be starting from today so we were quite busy with it. However, I took a small break to go and visit Captain at the police department.

Since the news of Eblilis being spotted near a kids school was revealed to me, I have been going there frequently to see if I could get a chance to find here.

I asked around if there was any construction or renovation going around there and the answer I got was negative. If there was no architectural activity going on in that area, then she must be visiting the school itself.

I wanted to go and ask about her in the school but Captain called me and told me not to inquire about it.

The police guards working in the front hall are now acquainted with me and knew I would come here frequently to meet the Captain and Lieutenant so they did not stop me to inquire and allowed me inside.

"Mr. Ebernus, here you are." Captain ended the call he was in and greeted me with a smile.

"Captain, thank you for finding clues about her. It truly means a lot to me." I thanked him sincerely.

"That is alright, Mr. Ebernus. We can be considered friends so it was not a problem. But you cannot inquire about your wife in the school directly sir. They might file a case against you for being suspicious."

"I was just - I just want to see her. I want to find her and my son." I sighed loudly and frowned at myself.

"That I do understand. However, it is not the right way to do things. This is an unofficial task to me so I cannot use my subordinated for the job so we can only wait around the area to find her." He smiled apologetically and to be honest, I'm truly grateful for his help.

He was really doing his best for to find Eblilis even though it is not his job or duty to do so.

"In that case, we can wait for her to appear again. I understand your reasoning Captain. Thank you for helping me with this."

"I already had few of my connection on lookout in other places. We shall wait for the news. Right, Thunders gym was brilliant, I had a brief spar with Mr. Gyles on the other day and it was truly a learning experience. His combat levels are high." Captain smiled excitedly.

"We were trained in several styles of martial arts back in hometown. Some of them are now vanished from here."

And so after having a chat with him for few minutes, I walked out of the police station to my car. Just when I opened the car door and was about to get in, I felt it again.

Her presence.

This time too I felt it strongly which means she is close. I looked around hastily to find the source of the feeling.

I ran around the police station and browsed the area carefully but urgently. I can still feel her presence strongly. She is here, close to me, very near.

Just as I was getting worried that I would miss her, something caught my attention.

Eblilis.

She was there, a few meters away from me, getting into a car and driving away.

And this time, I saw her face clearly.

She was Eblilis. My Eblilis.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Tzalmon and team missed Acacia again. 

Who loves Eelk here? Comment.

Eelk and Azar are best in the team. Isn't it not?

Tzalmon saw Acacia; finally! He saw her face this time and she was only few meters away from him.

Will he finally meet her this time?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 101
**Tzalmon Point of View**

With speed of light, I ran to my car, got in it and drove behind the car she got in. Even though I was rather fast in chasing after her, she was still considerably far by the time I was back on the road.

With a speed that would get me to her and still will not get me in prison, I followed the silver color car. We crossed several shopping malls and continued to drive swiftly towards the highway when I lost her.

I had my eyes on her car, I was surely following her but when I got on the highway among several cars and a good number of cars of same model and color as same as hers, I lost sight of her.

I drove past all the silver cars on my way and looked in to see if I could find her but by the way the highway ended, my chase too ended swiftly.

The strong presence I felt until two minutes ago was not there anymore. It was as if she disappeared in thin air. However, given the transportation of this world and how many path the highway opened up, it was no wonder she disappeared so soon.

But I still felt positive. I saw her face, I confirmed her presence in the city, I was positive of our reunion. Time and again, destiny is leading me step by step towards her so I'm certain we shall come face to face soon.

When? I'm not certain of; but we will, soon!

Remembering the place I saw her earlier, I called the captain and informed him of the news and he kindly agreed to look into it.

Although feeling positive, I was also anxious as well. Thinking back to what Eelk has said the other day, I might've not admitted orally but I knew it in my heart that what he said was true.

Eblilis would never want to see me again, much less come back with me back to the kingdom. But a spark of hope raised in my heart when I saw her with my own eyes earlier.

The way how she was very casually smiling and driving around in the city, it can be said that she might not know my arrival and existence here. If she knew, she would rather go away from this city and not walk around so casually.

If my theory is indeed right, then it would be easy to find her first before she finds me.

Sighing a little, I only now realized that one of the roads down the highway leads to the street where Darwin kindergarten is situated. So without further thoughts, I drove to the school and looking at the time, it was now the for the school to let the kids go home.

I parked my car in the back road and walked to the school because at this time of the day, vehicles are not allowed to roam freely in this road as it is time for the children to get off from the school.

Choosing a small store which is right opposite to the school gate, I chose a window side table and sat there keeping my eyes on the students that started to come out of the school slowly now.

Teachers got the students to stand in lines and only when the respective parent or guardian came to pick them up, they let them go.

I was watching the surroundings carefully when a waiter came to take the order. This particular store sells drinks and dishes made of corn only. So I ordered some corn steak and sweet corn coffee before getting back to what I was doing.

"You look - beautiful baby." I heard a slightly familiar voice speak very hesitantly.

I slightly turned my head and in came the pair of same mother and daughter that I met in art gallery. Behind them, surprisingly was yet another familiar face holding the hand of a four year old boy.

What was different was both the kids have some kind of totem faces painted on their faces. If it wasn't for me remembering the face of mother, I wouldn't have guessed that the little girl was same human from the art gallery.

Are schools encouraging some kind of cult activities these days?

What's with the face painting?

"Mamma, this is umbassing."

"Embarrassing. Ah, you don't look that bad, dear. Doesn't she, Ms. Fortune." The mother from the art gallery commented, clearly holding herself back from laughing.

"Truly gorgeous." Aviva fortune nodded with a grin.

"That's because she looks better like this than with clear skin." The little boy who was silent until now gave a passing comment and sounded so casual as if what he said was a universal fact.

The four sat on the table beside mine, which is the only empty one and opened the menu card as they asked the kids first what they wanted to eat.

"Sweet Bean!" Aviva Fortune narrowed her eyes towards the little boy but still with a smile.

"Come on, Aunt Viva, she is a walking art now. Isn't it great?" The little boy exclaimed to express his point.

"I will get my evhenge." The little girl pointed her small finger at the little boy and huffed angrily.

"Eighty two. This is the eighty two time you said you would get your revenge for something and yet I have the upper-hand every time. Forget it. I will go easy on you next time." The boy waved his hand with a shrug as if he has graced the little girl with something precious.

"Alright both of you. Stop fighting. You have been friends from the time you were born, how come you both know nothing but fight with each other all the time?" The little girl's mother pacified the kids and ordered food and drinks for them.

"So why are you faces like this?" Aviva Fortune asked, quite interested in the story.

"Auntie Fortune, today Miss Lula said we should all become friends and should not leave anyone out. So she - she - what was that, devil?" She scratched her head and looked at the little boy for help.

"I told you not to call me devil." The boy frowned, still helped her in explaining. "Teacher wanted the whole class to make friends with each other. So she made us pick chits containing animal names and two who got same animal shall form and team and do each other's make up. It was supposed to be a fun activity to make us get close to each other." The boy was only four but he was able to speak so much without stuttering.

"And you both picked the same animal, yes?" Aviva Fortune chuckled as she looked at their faces again and went into full blown laughter.

"That doesn't look like makeup, Sweet bean. What exactly did you draw on Noemi's face?"

That's right. I think some familiar looking was painted on the little girl's face but I cannot get what it si.

"That's a lizard."

"What?" Aviva and the little girl shouted but the girl was horrified and in anger. "Why, that was the animal we picked. I thought to honor it since we picked it up." The little shrug make the baby girl red in anger.

Even with such a painting on her face, the red was blaring obvious. She was extremely furious.

"Then Noemi drew -"

"Never mind, I know she must have just tried to apply makeup, just in an ugly manner. Noemi Ora Reyes can be many things but she is not creative."

"You are a devil that Miss Lula spoke of when she said we will be taken away by devil if we don't eat veggies. Where are your horns?"

"You seem to find me very capable, I see. You think I'm that powerful? Thanks for the compliment though. Your belief in me makes me tear up."

"That is not a compement."

"I know, it is actually a compliment."

"That was what I mean."

"Then thanks for the compliment."

"You are a devil."

"And you are a boring Noemi Ora Reyes."

"That's enough both of you. Food is here. Eat it up quickly." Noemi's mother pacified the bickering kids and filled their plates with food.

The little boy was smart for his age and looking at both the kids, they seems to be fighting the whole time but one can tell how close they are.

Looking at the little boy from quite some time, I somehow, feel strange.

I don't why the kid give me a strange, a good strange feeling but he feels intimate for some reason.

I wasn't able to tell the boy's features at all given how his face painted in such a way but this feeling of closeness appalled me. Just when the waiter brought my food and drink along with theirs, Aviva Fortune saw me and stood up with a polite smile and came to my table.

"Mr. Ebernus, it is nice to meet you again." She smiled politely and offered her hand for a shake.

"It's good to see you again as well, Ms. Fortune." I shook her hand and nodded courteously.

"I was planning to come by in few days myself. It's regarding enrolling my nephew to learn martial arts at Thunders." I looked at the little boy and nodded my head when he did not express any refusal.

"The classes starts in two days."

"Yes, however, he will only be able to start attending from third week of next month, sir. Before that it will be difficult. Can he squeeze in a month late?" I nodded my head and said it will not be a problem.

"I want to go too." Noemi squealed as she showed her fist to the seriously eating little boy. The boy looked at her and scoffed before going back to continue eating.

"I will inform Eelk about it. When you come by, ask for Eelk and he will have the papers ready for you." With that said, we went back to our tables and continued to do our own tasks.

I sighed thinking; today too, Eblilis was not here.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Tzalmon missed Acacia again. His luck is good or not is debatable. Is it not?

Noemi and the little boy with Aviva are cute right? Who agree with me?

Why does Tzalmon find the little boy intimate? 

Is it destiny that is playing another game with the Tzalmon, Acacia and Igses again?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 102
**Tzalmon Point of View**

Nay, this won't do.

I should do something. Something that would make her come close to by herself.

She is in this city, she is most probably a permanent resident here and she most definitely doesn't know that I came to her world for her and our son.

I still have a little advantage here despite the fact that I still couldn't find her.

There should be some way to lure her towards me without making my presence obvious. There should be some way...

I tapped my fingers on the table and kept thinking about all the possibilities. Eblilis is like a streak of lightening that appears and disappears in a blink of an eye. Surely, this is the work of destiny playing a game with me but I am not a normal mortal as well.

If I have to then I shall play along and shall find her sooner than anticipated. It's just that, I should have a right bait to pull the fish out.

Mulling over the possible ways of finding her, I went through the paperwork of Thunders and noticed that surprisingly, the business has a good start. The gym was well accepted and all the wealthy people who are into physical maintenance found Gyles guidance exceptionally great.

The first few days, it was only a few VIP members that checked out the gym briefly but as they went through Gyles workout schedule and Eelk's dietary plan, not only their visitations were more frequent, their acquaintances also got passes for the gym as well.

Thinking about it, it is not really a wonder if the business was abnormally well going compared to those of mortals. Being a half-deity and a supernatural realm's king has its perks. Luck is a lot stronger for us, for me than mortals.

"Let's do this, since the self defense class is an early morning one, stop the application after three days the classes started. The applications that came in after that, we can start evening classes two months later for them. Since the kids take a little time to grasp the foundation, a few weeks of laying the basics for them, the two classes can be clubbed into one." I said, marking the schedule sheet with the changes.

Eelk nodded his head took a note of it on his ipad. After seeing Gyles getting his ipad on his own, Eelk and Azar got jealous and got themselves each too. Eelk who is more in tune with this world and their creation felt that Gyles is going way past him in the technology knowledge so he is pretty sulked up from a few days.

This got worse when our residence received and few parcels of online orders that Gyles ordered for himself god know what.

Now, among all of us, only I don't have an ipad and seriously speaking, I don't mind or care. I realize that too much convenience is not good for both physical and mental health.

"Is there something you wanted to tell?" Seeing that he did not leave, I asked without raising my head.

"You did not tell me you met Ms. Aviva Fortune." Eelk asked with another of his sulking face that he seems to be using frequently these days.

"I did. I said a couple of kids related to ID designs shall enroll for self defense classes by the end of next month, didn't I?" I answered, ignoring the fact that he actually questioned me.

"Indeed, sir but you did not mention that it was Ms. Fortune that asked for the applications."

"So?" What is his problem now? Didn't I still give the responsibility to him seeing he was interested in that lady?

I actually did something silly like that, for whom?

Isn't it for my subordinate?

Eelk observed my nonchalance and shook his head. "Nothing sir. It's just that I'm feeling down because I missed a chance to meet her."

"Commander Eelk, you just met her an hour ago and handled the applications process for both the kids. You spoke to her for whole one hour just to assure her that the kids shall catch up with the classes even though they will be starting late. You even showed off your authority before her by ordering - not requesting - but ordering Azar to take the basic lessons of the self defense classes slow for one and half month. Say, what is all the fuss about?" Eelk nodded immediately, agreeing to all the points I made.

"That's right. You are right sir. You even let me handle the application process for her. You are the best, Majesty." With that he unexpectedly lost his senses for a moment and actually ran to where I sat and gave me a rather tight hug before turning back and leaving without a word.

I was so surprised by his sudden unexpected and daring hug that for full ten minutes I was in absolute daze.

I was profoundly speechless by his audacious action!

Did he forget that I am his King and he is my subject?

How come it seems like I am taking care of these three instead of being it opposite?

I rubbed my temples and shook my head with a groan before going back to the work in hand.

The self defense classes for children has already started and the classes for women shall be starting soon as well.

At first, I did not have a thought to schedule martial arts classes for men but when Lieutenant Allen had a spar with Gyles in the gym after the Captain, he inquired about what style of fighting Gyles used and why it was so smooth yet powerful.

An hour of chatting later, Lieutenant Allen asked if we have any thought of starting special classes for men for the new style of fighting technique.

After taking a small survey among the current members of gym, it is decided that classes for men shall be started soon as well. However, since most of these men work for longer hours per day, it is decided that there will be three days a week classes.

Pressing the bell under my table, I asked for a hot coffee in the intercom that is directly connected to the pantry staff area.

Soon a staff member whom I haven't seen before walked in with a cup of piping hot coffee and placed it in front me. He bowed and was about to leave when I stopped him.

He turned back and looked at me respectfully. I stared at him, into his eyes for a moment before speaking. "Gruris?"

Hearing me, the staff member's eyes went wide and stared at me in surprise and fear. "A Gruris man? In mortal realm?" Again, his eyes nearly balled out and he started to sweat.

Gruris are one of the mystical beings from the mystical realms. They are second grade supernatural beings that are not too powerful nor too weak. However, they could hold their place as second grade power race is because of their unique ability.

Gruris has ability to metamorphosis. They can change or metamorphic into another person, being or object. Turning into an object without being identified by aura is a high level skill that even the Monarch of the race himself couldn't achieve so easily. The current Monarch of Gruris has been on the throne for two centuries now and he is yet to achieve the ability to transform into a desired object.

"You - you are -"

"King Tzalmon Saccius Ebernus." I said briefly and noticed that his legs are shaking. "What is a Gruris doing in the mortal world?"

He got down on his knees and bowed to me before telling me his name. "I'm called Normann, Your Majesty. The Gruris race has mingled among the humans for about two centuries now, sir. Despite being powerless, our king has noticed that mortal's development was rather good and the mortal world good place to venture we slowly started off by working small jobs to build something for ourselves."

So it's like that. I know many races have mingled themselves among mortals and a few also wedded mortals comfortably too but Gruris being a second rated race was also here surprised me.

But thinking about it, Gruris are more suited to mortal world than anyone else given their metamorphosis ability.

"What about the kingdom then? And your powers?" I asked getting pretty interested.

"Our king manages both the world's duties, sir. Our powers are well as usual." He feared me but that was mostly because I am the king of one of the most powerful races but otherwise, his replies were honest, without a hitch.

"So your king has his own business here. Why aren't you working for him then?" Normann seemed a little flustered by my question and hesitated to answer.

"I want an honest answer."

"I, along with a few from our race were expelled from the company that the King owns. However, we are not exiled from the kingdom so we were able to find some jobs."

"Expelled? Why?"

"That - three years ago a lady offended our king so our king ordered a group of us to turn into that lady's child and people around her to make her life worse than death. But due to a mistake from the high rank person, we got the wrong details of person and we acted upon on the wrong target. What we did not expect that there was something different about the wrong lady and her child we targeted."

"What wrong?"

"The lady was clearly and certainly a human but her child is definitely not. That child was only an year old or so then but the moment we transformed into our characters and tried to harm the lady, we not turned back into our normal status, the whole race experienced our power to drop to half. Even our King was not exempted from it."

My heart thundered when I heard that. A power that can cut down half of a second rated race's power should be one the most powerful races and there are only three of those including mine.

A spark of doubt and expectation rose in my heart suddenly so I pinned Normann with a hard stare and asked.

"What is the name of the woman you attacked?"

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Eelk is such a child, isn't he?

What do you think about the character developments of Gyles, Azar and Eelk?

Tzalmon is trying so hard to find Acacia. Who pities him here?

Why does the one year old child Normann talking about sounds familiar?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love 

Lady Prim**


###chapter 103
**Tzalmon Point of View**

No wonder...

It was no wonder the powers of the whole race has been brought down to half. The child who might have the abnormal power to do such a feat for his mother unknowingly could only be -

Igses Dawn Ebernus!

And the woman who was attacked by the Gruris men was -

Acacia Dawn Winters!

It was really her and this happened in Italy three years ago. Igses was around one year old then which means...

"Time Dilation!" I gasped as realization dawned unto me.

The reason why Eblilis could go to the bookstore for more than two years, the reason why Normann could meet her three years ago, the reason for everything was actually the dilation of time.

Holy Fates! Never have I thought this sort of thing could happen.

"We left the kingdom to look for Lady Dawn around three months after she left and we are here in this world for more than five months now. We thought the same amount of time has elapsed when she left." Azar shook his head as he couldn't believe something like this happened.

"But to Lady Dawn and young prince, it has been three years since they left our realm." Gyles continued with a frown.

"Majesty, I've talked to Normann and the other two Gruris people who are under our employment and got to know about the situation clearly." Eelk got in panting and before he sat down and spoke, he went to the mini refrigerator in my office and got himself a bottle of water. Only after drinking everything in the bottle did he sit down to detail us about he issue.

"So the first matter I got a confirmation about was, when Gruris people or any other races got to the mortal world, there was no time change or dilation that happened with them. The time between their first team of people arrived and the time the rest arrived was same. In that case, this difference in time lapse only happened with us." My frown deepened as my eyes fell on the book on time and space I was reading from the movement I had the realization about time dilation.

"But why though?" Gyles commented, scowling at the floor.

Why is there a time difference only for us? Why only us?

"And?" I asked scratching my chin as several thoughts came to my mind.

Some plausible and some close to impossible!

"Second was, three years ago, Lady Dawn was in Italy to look for her family. However, no one knows what happened but reports say that she came back to the states with young prince alone."

"Did she meet her family there?" Azar asked and Eelk shook his head.

"No one knows. They only know that her family was in Italy only for a short period of time but she was able to meet them or not is still a question."

If she didn't meet them in Italy then she should've met them at their home. If nothing went wrong they shouldn't have changed their residence.

That's right, her parents house!

We can look for her parents as well to find her. Captain said before that looking for a people who has a permanent place is much easier than someone who doesn't.

In Eblilis case, we don't know where she is. Her name was in the citizens of states record but her current address was unavailable. However, her parents might be living in the same place from before right?

"Could you get the name of people she was looking for? The names of her family members." I asked, displaying a little excitement.

Eelk shook his head, "They don't know. At that time, they were only concerned about finding the woman from the file they were given and complete the mission given by their superiors. It was only by chance did they come to know that she was there only for a short period of time and was actually looking for her family." I fell silent after hearing what he said.

After considering several factors involved in the issue, I looked at Azar and said, "Normann and the other two are here in the mortal world for quite some time. It was given that they must have some acquaintances in Italy. Have them contact their connections and get them to find out the details about Acacia's family and their names if possible." Azar nodded and immediately got to work without any delay.

"Eelk, even though we don't have our powers, the hypnosis and basic soul and spirit skills are still doable. Use them on the three Gruris people and check if they have ulterior motives. If they are clean, then employ them into information circle under you. They are here for centuries now so they'll be useful."

"Yes Majesty." Eelk left as well leaving me and Gyles to ponder over the sudden sets of new information we got.

She was looking for her family after getting here was normal. But she met them or not was mystery here. Nonetheless, if I could find her family, I can find her too.

One week passed by with either Thunders keeping us busy or the constant investigation about Eblilis family.

Today was nothing special as well. Since the classes started, Gyles and Azar has been completely busy these few days as they are the teaching staff here. I was also quite drowned in either paperwork coming from Thunders or searching for Eblilis.

After I saw her near police office, I traveled the whole route she drove and to the school all these days but there is no result.

I was quite depressed and was driving in the new parts of the city to see if I could find her when I received call from Eelk.

"Yes, Eelk."

"Majesty, I got the names." I suddenly stepped on the brake and my eyes went wide hearing what he said.

He got her family members names. It is now much easier to find her.

"I'm coming. I'll see you in my office." And so, forty five minutes later, I was sitting in my office and Eelk is ready to brief me with the details.

"Lady Dawn's father is called Marcus Winters, her mother's name is Amber Lucy Winters and her brother is Liam Earl Winters. Father is a bank employee, mother is an insurance agent and brother is now in high school now." I nodded with a relieved smile thinking that we made a huge progress now.

"Di d you check which bank and in which location the father is working in?"

"Yes Majesty. With great difficulty but luckily, I also got the address of their current residence as well." Eelk grinned proudly, waving a piece of paper in his hand.

Snatching the paper from him I read what's written on it and smiled widely as well. To say I'm happy is an understatement. I'm completely overwhelmed by the amount of joy I felt right now.

Finding her family, she is only a hand's distance now.

"Where is this Charleston?" I frowned and asked Eelk.

"It's in South Carolina, nearly thirty hours away from here, Majesty. If you give your orders, I will book air ticket, sir."

"Gyles and Azar will be here to manage Thunders so I and you are going there. Get a ticket as early as possible." Eelk soon went out to get us our tickets and notify the same to Gyles and Azar.

That evening, Eelk got us a ticket for the next day flight which will take off in the evening. We both got a our travel bags ready while I asked Azar to keep an eye on the city and be active in searching for Acacia.

Before we left the city, I called Captain and informed him about my sudden trip and asked him to help me looking for my wife while I'm out of town. The good old man agreed immediately which relieved me.

It was first time for me to see a transportation facility that was as big as a town. The place is packed with people all around. Eelk was stupefied with the sight too. Even though the instructions and the way to the flight was written clearly on the boards, it was still hard to go through with such packed population.

Just to reach the air plane, there was security checks, the luggage was screened before permitted to take them with us and finally we were led to the flight.

The flight experience was totally a novelty to me and even to Eelk who is quite accepting to changes easily. However, it was a fun ride. It was a good experience.

We reached our destination by late night. Eelk has already booked best rooms in one of the best hotels in the town so the stay that night was alright.

It was decided that we would go to the parents address early the next morning. So, we had an early breakfast and got into a cab to reach there before they leave for their jobs.

Nearly twenty minutes of cab ride later, we now stand before a one story house in a decent and a cozy neighborhood.

I and Eelk walked to the front and looked at the closed door. Since it is not locked from outside, there are still in the house. A minute after ringing the doorbell, an old woman in her early fifties opened the door.

"Yes."

"Hello ma'am, I'm Tzalmon, I'm here to meet your daughter, Acacia." I produced a polite smile and gave her small bow like nod.

"My daughter?"

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

So Tzalmon and his team experienced Time dilation. But only them? 

Do you think there is a reason for such Time elapse?

The mystery around Acacia is getting thicker. Right?

They finally found her family. They are now only a breath away from her. What do you think?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 104
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"You are Mrs. Winters, yes?" I asked narrowing my eyes a little.

There is no doubt she is Mrs. Winters. Eblilis has some of her clear features so one can tell she is indeed her mother or most possibly a very close relative.

"Yes I am. However, you are mistaken about something, young man; I don't have a daughter. I and my husband only have a son." She said patiently.

And she was not lying. She said what she meant.

But the question is how come they don't have a daughter? That's impossible!

"I apologize for asking you again but you are Mrs. Amber Lucy Winters, wife of Marcus Winters, right?" She was not annoyed by my incessant questioning instead she was very patient in answering them.

"That's right." She nodded. "There must be some kind of miscommunication, young man. This is indeed Winters family house but the person you are looking for cannot be here." That's impossible!

"Who's it, honey?" A man in his mid fifties came from inside the house and one look at him; I can see a few features that match well with Eblilis.

This is her father; but for some reasons not her father too.

Looking at it, there should be two possibilities; one, Eblilis must've been cut off from the family and two, Eblilis is indeed not a part of this family to start with.

And both the cases are impossible because Mrs. Winters wasn't lying when she said they don't have a daughter at all. I could sense the truth and when I asked her the second time to confirm, I used a bit of hypnosis power.

If what she is telling is true, then Eblilis cannot not be a part of this family because even a blind can see that Eblilis is the product made by these two people.

"These two young men are looking for a young lady and mistook her to be living here." Mrs. Winters turned back and little explained to Mr. Winters with a smile.

"Who are they looking for?"

"Someone with name Acacia Dawn Winters." Mr. Winters face creased into a frown as a small light went past his eyes.

"How strange." He mumbled for himself.

"Strange?" Mrs. Winters raised a brow.

"Honey, don't you remember? At the time when you were carrying Liam, we decided that if the baby was a girl, we were going to name her Acacia Dawn Winters. You remember?" Mr. Winters spoke softly, expressing his astonishment.

This caused me to be stupefied too. Puzzled at what he said, I and Eelk exchanged a look and understood that something is definitely wrong here.

The Winters are not acting strange but the whole issue with Acacia's relation with the Winters is completely strange.

"In that case, Mr. Winters, do you have anyone with the same name in your extended family and relatives?" I asked in anticipation however, deep inside I know that the answer will not be something I like.

"There is none, sir. May I know what your relation with the said lady is?" Mr. Winters asked politely, displaying the patience and calm of an elder.

"She's my wife. There was a catastrophe which led to us losing contact between us." It must be because they saw my worry, desperation and truth in my words that they did not doubt my words.

The lead that I got is now not useful anymore and it gave a sense of bad premonition in my heart. Something is definitely odd and it is a bad kind of odd.

Giving the circumstances a thought, I nodded and gave the old couple a small polite smile before pulling out my business card and handing it over to them.

"This is my card, if you perhaps know of anyone with the name Acacia Dawn Winters among your relatives or friends; please call me on the number on the card." Mr. Winters gave the card a good read and nodded.

"You came long way from Tucson to look for your wife?"

"Yes ma'am. My wife and son are somewhere struggling without me with no way to contact me; I cannot sit still until I find them." I said a white lie making my situation as vague as possible.

"Don't worry, young man, you will find them. If we know anything about her, we shall give you a call." I nodded gratefully and left not wasting any of their time.

The moment I and Eelk got to the hotel room, we completely lost our cool, I lost my cool while Eelk was rather highly petrified.

"What the hell is happening?" I roared, destroying the glass table in a fit of anger. "No I need to get a confirmation again."

I called the Captain and requested him to look for household registration details of Winters family from Charleston. He got to the work right away and in about fifteen minutes, I got a mail with details I asked him.

Marcus Winters and Amber Lucy Winters got married for twenty seven years now and it was only after several years that they had their only son Liam Earl Winters. The family registration certificate had no mention of any other child, dead or alive.

Unlike back in my realm, unless the child is not related to you by blood, you cannot take them off from the family record no matter what the case might be.

"So the couple indeed has a single child, a son. What about Eblilis then?" I mumbled as wave of ache spread through my head.

Eelk who has been silent all through this time just stood by the window silently as he was in his own thoughts.

"Majesty," He called out a few minutes later when I was sorting through all the things I just learned.

"The reason why Lady Dawn did not go with the parents from Italy must be because of this." Eelk said softly with a hint of pity in his voice.

"She should've learnt that her parents did not remember or better put, her whole existence was -" Her stopped himself from saying anything anymore.

He was in a trance and the look of sympathy was expressed clearly. He was feeling bad for her and so do I.

The family that was her strength, the family she loves so much has nothing to do with her right after she arrived back to her world. She must've -

She certainly endured and struggled a lot.

"Eelk, get someone to find out more about Acacia from her friends. She had a set a of friends who shared same passion as her." Eelk nodded. "And get it as soon as possible. I want to know what exactly is the case with Acacia's identity."

"Yes, Majesty. I will get right at work." After Eelk left to make a call, I thought over everything again and decided to stay in the town for few more days to investigate a little more.

Since the Winters family is in this town, given or not she was a part of the family now, she must've been from the this town as well.

If she attended the university here, then finding her friends is not a tough task. Staying here for a short while more might help me find something useful.

Say, there was time dilation in our case and Eblilis got here three to four years ago, this shouldn't have caused the change in her identity.

"A few of our people who we recruited through Normann are now following an investigation on her friends as we speak." I nodded and asked Eelk to call room service to clean the broken table from the room.

Once the room was tidied up, Eelk came to me and stood in front of me looking hesitant to ask something.

"Tell me what you want to say." I was reading the extra information that Captain has sent to me about Winters but seen Eelk was acting strange, I put it aside for a minute.

"I actually want to ask you something, Majesty." I nodded, encouraging him to talk."I might - what I'm going to ask might offend you but the answer to the questions we are looking for might lie in what you say."

I raised a brow and looked at him coldly. I was an inch away from punching him to death for his audacity but hearing that my reply may answer our questions, I swallowed my anger back and nodded with a scowl.

"Majesty please stay calm and think about the time when Lady Dawn floated to our island for the first time. From the first day she came, did you -" He stopped himself, struggling whether to say anything further or not.

"Did I what?"

"From causing the ship she was traveling to sink to floating her to island and lure her to the castle, it was all done by you. In the midst of everything, from the day she came to the day she left, did you anything else, intentionally or unintentionally?" When he ran through the words he wanted to say he left a sigh.

"Do something like what? Be clear commander Eelk." I asked not knowing what he is getting to.

Eelk hesitated once more before he finally gathered his courage and asked something that pulled the ground beneath my legs.

"Something like wiping out her existence in her world?"

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

So Acacia is not the daughter of Winters couple? How did this happen suddenly?

Why did her identity became such a confusion now?

If she is not Mrs. and Mr. Winters daughter, then who is she at this moment?

Yet another mystery surrounding Acacia. Your views?

Soon, Acacia will make her official entrance in the book. What say?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 105
**Tzalmon Point of View**

My heart sank.

A bad premonition arose inside me again as the feeling of damnation came back with a force.

"M-Majesty? My King?" Eelk's calls were heard from quite distance although he was only a couple measures away from me.

However, what was ringing in my head was his voice. The voice that asked me a question that I have an answer but no courage to accept.

"I didn't know the simple thing I did back then would bring Eblilis to this day." I mumbled more to myself and hissed at myself as realizations and memories of what I did without thinking much.

Holy heavens! What have I done!

"Majesty, you - you really - you really did some-" Eelk gasped, looking at me with wide eyes full of mixture of emotions, he stuttered.

Without any doubt, I could hear a very minute tinge of anger and disbelief in his tone. There was even a hint of accusation and I know I had messed up a great deal.

I was supposed to get Eblilis to understand me, learn more about me, love me and come back with me as my queen on her own accord and all this was supposed to happen after I spent my time and effort into coaxing her.

At that time, she only came to the island and has been staying in my castle for only few months. She was already conceived with my child then and has been talking to herself and our child in her womb about how her family is, how much she misses them and how he was going to have a pair of amazing grandparents and uncle.

I could hear worry, extreme concern and stress in her tone when she was talking about them and she was carrying my child at the time. Stress was not good for her especially at that time so I just waved a hand and casually wiped off her existence in her world based of the memories I collected from her mind.

Although I did not read her memories, I only used them to affect her existence in her family, friends, and the world she came from.

I planned to tell her about it and assure her her family and friends shall live well even she was in the kingdom with me after I was finally free from the curse.

However, the whole matter of wiping out her being from the mortal world was not that big of an issue to me given how I am a King to a race who can control, manage and manipulate the spirits and souls.

It was only a small matter to me and when I saw firsthand how much she despised me and distanced herself from me and my kingdom at that time, this was the least of the things I could think of.

"It was meant to reassure her. It was only something not worth notable but something like that has -" I plopped down on the couch as another set of realization hit me hard.

She has been, all along these few years she has been here alone and struggling with the responsibility of Igses solely on her.

"Something like that has ruined her life and her world." Eelk completed in daze and plopped beside me. Still in daze, Eelk was close to tears and I had even noticed a little moist in the corner of his eyes.

For a man, for a royal security commander like him, it was my first time I've seen such a look on his face. And to be honest, I wasn't feel too great on my part as well.

I know and realized how great I messed up this time. I had taken away the only thing she loved more than anything.

Her family, her friends, her whole life!

"It must've been a hell. She must have struggled a lot physically and emotionally when she got back here, Majesty."Eelk spoke softly not even looking at me and I couldn't help nod to myself.

I could feel a sense of despise raising for myself inside my heart. What I did, although was something trivial back then, destroyed so much for her.

For her to be here, alone, with months old son, with family and others totally forgetting her, with no money, nothing of her and nothing for herself; she must've -

"What we suffered the past few months is not compared to anything that she must've gone through." I spoke, as I felt the pain in chest like a hand was squeezing it.

I was wrong I know. Like she used to call me, I truly managed to make a jerk out of myself and a big one at that.

Holy spirits! What have I done.

What have I done!

Why did I do that! How could I? Eblilis - Acacia, I'm sorry. I am truly sorry for being such an insensitive jerk.

"She must be despising me to infinity now." I groaned and rubbed my face roughly as the feeling of pain and suffocation in my heart increased.

"No doubt she does." Eelk breathed out, looking out of order himself. He forgot he was talking to his king right now but I'm not in mood or thought to correct him.

I now have bigger problems to solve and even bigger consequences to face.

"Can you undo that, Your Majesty. I mean, get her existence back on track." Eelk suddenly turned towards me and asked me passionately with a high level of anticipation flowing on his face.

I sighed in frustration, "If we were back in our realm or if the restrictions on our powers are loosened, then yes. However, due to the restrictions going back to the kingdom is a tough task."

"Then we can only try our hard to first get rid of the restrictions." Eelk commented nodding to himself. For a moment there, it felt like I am his subordinate but not the other way round.

He is truly acting wild all thanks to the freestyle life and manners he got used to. But I am not complaining; not now when I'm such a huge pit.

"Call Azar and tell him to continue to find her but not to show himself to her." I ordered and Eelk went off to do it immediately.

In the meanwhile, I called Gyles and asked him about the books from the restricted area that only I, Gyles and Edus, who is my secret guard who works for me from the shadows.

Edus was left back to be bridge for us from our realm to this world which proved to be a wise decision seeing how there were so many restrictions on our powers.

However, communicating with my people and getting some things from there posed no problem to us thankfully, despite the restrictions.

"I will have Edus look at the situation with the restriction in the restricted area of the library, Majesty. We might find something useful." Gyles replied.

"Hmm, we shall be staying here for a period so it should not be a difficult task to manage Thunders in my stead. Mail me everything so I can look at the documents and all when I have time."

"Yes, Majesty, as you command. So you don't want to look for Lady Dawn anymore?" Another despaired sigh left my mouth.

"We will find her but we shall not show ourselves yet. There are few things I have to settle before I face her. There are few changes in our plan now. The effort to look for her will increase but not with the thought to face her directly." I explained.

"But Majesty, the issues with the restrictions might take a long time. Looking for concerned information is one thing and having the ability or necessary prop to break them is another. This is a time taking issue and so we cannot put Lady Dawn and young prince on hold for this."

"Indeed it is a time taking matter but unless I right at least few of the wrongs I and we did towards her, I'm unable to face her. I caused her to lose everything, Gyles and I don't want to make the same mistake of insensitivity again. Now that we are already here at this point, I want to find her soon but also want to take my time to adjust things before going for her." And what I said, Gyles understood. Even for a hardheaded and most hypocritical among us, he too felt sorry for what happened to Eblilis.

After giving my orders to Gyles, Eelk to came back after his call with Azar. I looked out of the beautiful city from my hotel room window, many thoughts flew by in my mind.

For a moment there, I felt like I was exactly the same as my father who is evil to his core. I felt like I was no different from him.

"What are we to do now, Majesty?"

"Continue to find information on her past friends and people close to her."

"Yes, sir. And?"

"You work on gathering information, Eelk while I shall so what I ought to." Saying, I left the hotel room to roam around the city a little and know more about the place Eblilis was born and brought up in.

With many thoughts from positive to negative smacking in my mind, one such thought that has huge impact on me at present was -

What I am to do to make everything right.

"Why is it that the more I want to get close to you, the more you go far away? Where should I start from to amend all the things I did to you?" With slow steps I took aimlessly to an unknown destiny, I spoke to myself.

"Ow-sh!" I suddenly stumbled into someone and a loud groan was heard from the other party.

And when my eyes landed on that person, I was finally enlightened.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What to do think about the ###chapter? Boring?

So, I was on a business trip the past four days and couldn't write. Hope you all understand. 

Tzalmon is so hateful. You agree?

Some might think Acacia is exaggerating her hate and other emotions towards Tzalmon but I think he deserves that and more after what he did.

So now, it seems like the existence of Acacia Dawn Winters was unusual as she is both home and not as well. Poor her! 

Your views on what might have Acacia endured with a young child in her arms in a familiar world that is now unfamiliar of her?

What enlightenment did Tzalmon got now? How is he going to amend things?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim
**

###chapter 106
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"What got you in such rush, kid." I smiled down kindly at the person who crashed into me.

The kid got up from the ground and dusted his clothes and hands before looking up at me. Watching me smile at him so kindly, his already present frown deepened.

They both have such similar frowning faces.

"I apologize. I was in a rush to reach school." It wasn't his mistake alone but nonetheless he still apologized first.

He looked like he didn't like it as well but his manners still overpowered. No bad; I like this kid.

"Also, I am not a kid, sir." Ah, so that was what this guy is unpleasant about.

"Alright. I was not watching where I was going as well. Are you late to the school?" He looked to be in rush when he started to walk past me. So I walked with him as well.

"Yeah."

"I thought there's still some time before the school gates close? Isn't it too early?" He was speed walking while I was still able to keep up with him in my normal pace.

"How do you know the struggles of a high school student? It's a battle field out there, sir. Why are you following me by the way?" The kid sounded so done with everything when he spoke about his struggles in school and that make me smile wider.

"It's my first time in the city and was just strolling around." I shrugged. "What's your name?"

"Liam. Yours?" Liam Earl Winters, how do I not know who you are? I smirked inwardly.

"Tzalmon. Nice to meet you, Liam."

"Right back at you." I couldn't help but chuckle at the slang that youngsters use here. "Alright, my school is just around the corner, will see you again if we are destined to meet." He nodded at me politely and walked away.

I watched him meet a bunch of other kids near the school gate and walk inside together as they were playing and laughing together.

Eblilis's brother is one interesting kid. A shy, cautious yet a mannered kid.

And the way he frowned, the way he was being polite, the way he nodded doubtfully, they were so similar to his sister's.

Although both the brother and sister's features match only thirty to forty percent, the way emotions run on their faces is so similar that it made me feel the longing that I was suppressing from quite some time.

I glanced at the lakeside school once more and turned back to continue my stroll.

I realized what I have to do; my target is now set and plans should be made accordingly. The rest of the morning, I familiarized myself with the city, from it's history, geography to business conditions.

Although I did not roam every nook and corner of the city, I was still well familiarized enough to know where and with what I should start with.

"What's the matter?" I raised a brow to which Eelk looked uncertain.

"Would it not get worse in future, Majesty?"

"I don't know. I was concerned of the outcome as well but there is no other way at present. I need to do something change the situation to my favor." To be honest, even I don't know if what I planned to do would make things better or for worse.

If it was any other day or any other person, then it was alright but Eblilis is a compassionate and an emotional woman. She already despises me to such an extent so what her reaction would be in future for what I'm planning to do is unpredictable.

"I agree about that, Majesty however, what if - what if things get beyond repair when Lady Dawn knows about how you approached her family to get close to her. What if she thinks that we used her family as a pawn?" Eelk expressed his worry with fear all clearly written on his face.

Heck, for the first time ever, even I felt a tinge of fear.

"We are not using them, Eelk. We are trying to fix what I unintentionally did in the past."

"By getting close to the Winters?"

"Yes. The issue with the restriction might take some time so until then we cannot use our powers. If I cannot fix the problem that my magic created, then I can try and do it manually before we get our powers back."

Eelk nodded then handed me a folder with all the information he got about the people I asked him to look into.

When I got Eblilis to the island, my conscious still remembered the faces and names of the people who traveled with her. Although she thought they were dead at that time, in real, they did not die.

And she must've found out about this after she came back but since she lost her identity, she was unable to -

Never mind! Even though late, I will surely amend this. I will only show my face to her when I could bring her close to her family, through or not with magic.

After reading the information in the folder, I got the gist of it. All her friends are now working in their own fields of expertise right after they graduated a couple years ago.

"Let's first start with the Winters family." I pushed the folder in a drawer and decided to approach the Winters first.

"What is your plan, Majesty."

"Nothing."

"What?" Eelk shrieked in surprise. "I'm sorry but I did not understand, Sir."

"You will soon. Didn't you say Liam Winters will be graduating from high school very soon? It's perfect time then."

"Perfect time?"

"Yes. We are going to Winters residence tomorrow again. Make the preparations. Also, get those animation artists and photographers to turn Eblilis painting to real looking picture."

Eelk did not question back and went out to do what he was told to. That evening I received a call from Gyles informing me about Edus's search about the restriction in the forbidden area of the library.

"Not even a hint or clue?"

"No, Majesty. Nothing."

"It was only half a day, are you certain he turned over all the books in the forbidden area?"

"He managed to read everything related to other realms and our links and connections with them." If it was not mentioned there then where can I possible find about it!

"Tell Edus to continue his search. Is there any news about -" I was asking when Azar's loud shout from the background cut our conversation.

"One moment, Majesty; Azar seems to be a little too excited and surprised." He put the call on hold.

I waited for good five minutes before he was back on the call and when he talked, I could hear some excitement in his voice as well.

"Majesty, good news, good news." Gyles hollered.

"Majesty, it's a good news, a real good news." I heard Azar from the background.

Good news?

"Azar, stop yelling and tell me what is it." I ordered, getting a little anxious and excited myself.

Did he - Did he find her?

It should be!

"I saw her, Majesty. I saw Lady Dawn today." Azar exclaimed eagerly.

"Saw her?"

"Yes and not only did just see her but I also happens to know where she lives. I found her residence as well, Majesty." Holy Heavens!

"You really found her?" He found her? He really did?

"Indeed. Although I don't know where she works and other details about her yet, I now know where Lady Dawn lives."

"Alright tell me what exactly happened." My breath hitched, my heart pounded in anticipation and the longing from earlier made a comeback with a blow.

My hands and legs got restless, in fact, every inch of me went in a restless mode and I couldn't even hold the phone properly for a moment.

"I waiting for a friend in the car when I suddenly saw Lady Dawn pass by my car. It happened so suddenly that for a moment I did not believe my eyes. However, before I follow, she went into a two story house that is three buildings away from my friend's house. Later when my friend came, I confirmed it from him that the Lady called Ms. Winters indeed lives in the same neighborhood and she has been living there for two and a half years now."

It was her.

It was indeed her.

My, my, we really found her.

It was so sudden and abrupt as if fates are making a joke out of me.

"We really found her. We found her finally!" Azar squealed like a girl but at this moment, I don't care about anything. After such long time and after great effort, she finally came before us.

Fate finally led us to her.

"You know what to do now, Azar. We will leave from here immediately and then -" I stopped myself suddenly as I remembered my previous resolution which I forgot in the heat of the moment.

"Azar, did she see you?"

"No she did not, Majesty." He said proudly. "Should I -"

"Azar, keep an eye on her secretly and do not let her see any of you." I sobered from my overwhelming emotions and ordered Azar not to take any action.

I was in a situation where I want to see her, hold her and reach her out but I could not.

Of all the times she could've been found, fate brought her before us when I cannot face her.

Now of all the times?!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Tzalmon is like a stalker when he followed Liam to school. Your views?

They finally found Acacia. Finally!

Tzalmon decided not to face her before he could amend all the wrongs he did. Is that a right decision?

Will he able to do so though? How will he amends his mistakes?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 107
**Tzalmon Point of View**

My eyes ran over the person in the photograph, looking so beautiful and carefree. A small smile was present on her lips that can enchant anyone or anything.

In the current picture, she was wearing a knee length gown with floral design on it. She was standing on a bridge with a beautiful background and what was more beautiful was the person who was shining in the picture.

Over tens of pictures that were sent to me by Azar and the men he hired for the job, all the pictures were taken candidly from the porch of her house to her workplace to all the places she went to, in a matter of four days, Azar was able to gather most of the information about Eblilis and Igses.

Igses, my son.

That four year old boy looks a perfect mix of me and his mother. So handsome like me and too adorable just like his mother.

I scrolled to the next picture in which Eblilis and Igses were walking hand in hand in front of Darwin school. There are few pictures of my son outside the gates of his school with few of his friends.

Moving on to the document that Azar mailed me, I finally know what 'ID' in ID Designs mean. ID stands for Igses Dawn, named after our son and the person who owns the firm is Eblilis.

Azar still couldn't find how these past four years went for her but looking at the firm she established, especially - especially when her whole identity was wiped out, there was no doubt every day, every minute was like walking on thorns for her.

The amount of pain she must've felt all these years, thinking about it, my heart felt like it was pierced with thousands of needles.

But then again, she must've endured a lot more than this, didn't she? She was all alone with a child in her arms, with no one to support her, no money, no shelter, no food and no family.

This little bit of pain in my heart, what is it even when compared to what she went through?

Thinking back to the initial days when I and my team came to this world with no idea of how this world works in this era, we also faced several challenges however, I still had my subordinates and they still have me and each other.

I closed my eyes and a small tear fell from one of my eyes and this is seventh time in the past four days that my eyes moistened to this extent. I don't know what I should do to fix the relation between us.

The situation with her identity, I will surely find a way to break the restrictions and undo the magic I did back then. But what about the relationship between me and her?

Even if one day she forgave me for what happened in back in the kingdom, she would never forgive me for what I did to her connections with her family and friends.

She would not forgive nor forget what she had to endure and what my son had to go through because I was Jerk head who was heartless and senseless with her all this time.

Will things between us ever turn for better?

Will it ever happen?

The trail of my thoughts became more melancholic and a thread of alertness started to knot.

"Mr. Ebernus, I thank you for the good wine. Please take a seat. Mr. Eelk, please;" My trance was broken by the firm voice that belongs to Mr. Marcus Winters.

I nodded curtly and smiled a bit halfheartedly and took a seat on the couch, sitting opposite to Mr. Ebernus. Eelk sat beside me while Liam and Mrs. Winters took their seats beside Mr. Winters.

This is the first time I walked into Winters house and to describe it in one word, it was 'homely'. The establishment is not too big nor it was filled with expensive decorative properties but it was squeaky clean, maintained well and the traces of happy family can be seen in every inch of the residence.

These four days, I looked for opportunities to make acquaintances with the Winters family members which turned out well.

I stumbled upon Mrs. Winters in a departmental store once, bumped into Liam one more time in a sports stadium and met Mr. Winters in the bank to get the information about the scope of business opportunities and the banking services that they provide for them.

Although it was only an excuse to make myself familiar with him, the more we talked, the more ideas formed in my mind on how I can bring Eblilis close to her family and how I can get close to them.

Mr. Winters is a balanced and a wise person with a stable temperament, very much to my taste. So we became familiar with each other just right and after meeting for a couple of times and chatting with each other for hours, he invited me to his house on a weekend dinner that the family enjoy on every Saturday night.

"How are you doing Liam?" I asked, looking straight at him. He just replied with a nod and a simple 'fine'.

"Marcus said you new to the city and it's your first time here. How do you like it, Mr. Ebernus." Mrs. Winters asked with a motherly smile.

"That's right, Mrs. Winters. It's a beautiful and a calm city. And please call me Tzalmon."

"Dinner is ready. How about we chat there before the food gets cold?" And so she led us to the small dining table and soon scrumptious food was served.

Food was amazing and simply finger licking. Even Eelk who was silent couldn't help but sing praises about the food. It was that delicious.

"So you have decided to start a lakeside resort here?" Mr. Winters inquired.

"Only still thinking so but yet to decide. I still need to investigate more about the current corporate market before making a firm decision."

"That's good too. So the gym and martial arts business you are in, why did you start that of all the options you have out there." He asked casually. It was then that Liam, who was eating silently heard his father and his eyes brightened suddenly.

"You have a physical training academy?" He asked, now looking quite interested in the topic suddenly.

"Yes."

"Then do you teach... only martial arts or other physical training activities too?" He bent a little forward on the table and asked eagerly.

I raised a brow and bit back my smile looking at his eagerness.

"It depends. We have a well equipped high-end gym and now provide martial arts services as well." Hearing me, he looked a little down. "However, we have a few policemen and sportspeople enrolled in the academy." I continued knowing too well that this boy here is training in Archery and aspires to win in Olympics in coming future.

"Oh." He brightened up a little but said nothing more. I smiled to myself and turned to Mr. Winters to answer him.

"I realized that people, rich or poor, young or old, male or female, everyone likes to keep themselves fit and healthy. Not only that, learning any one type of defense arts is becoming more trendy these days so since we have the concerned skill, we just went with it."

"Enough about business. Tzalmon, weren't you looking for your wife? How did you meet her? Is it something romantic?" Mrs. Winters asked looking quite excited.

My smile went down and a frown took over my features. This is something that both I can and cannot share it with them.

"That's right, Mr. Ebernus, I want to know that as well. However, I first want to know something else." Mr. Winters wiped his lips with his napkin and leaned back in the chair as he gave me an inquisitive stare.

I hesitated for a moment before nodding my head. He sighed and took few second to stare at me before opening his mouth. "Then please tell me why you have been trying to build friendship with my family."

I was stunned at his question. Although my attempts to get close to them is obvious, I did not think that he would question me about it so directly and so soon.

Before I answer him with anything, Mr. Winters narrowed his eyes at me and continued with his questioning.

"I've already said that the lady you were looking for is not from my family. Then what could be the reason behind for you to get close to my family?"

"You must've mistaken -" Eelk started to talk with an awkward chuckle but was cut off by Mr. Winters with a simple wave of his hand.

"It's not a mistake, Mr. Eelk. I'm not stupid. I could tell you mean no harm to my family and have no ill intentions towards us. However, it's also true that you approached us with an ulterior motive." He paused for a moment, "What is that?"

I stared at him straight and did not speak for a while. Making my decision, I gave him a brave front;

"Acacia Dawn Winters, my wife, is really your daughter by blood and flesh."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeities,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Finally, he saw his son after a long while even though it was through pictures. 

It now depends on him how he amends his mistakes and get them back. You agree?

Marcus Winters is indeed not a fool. He understood that Tzalmon has an ulterior motive for approaching them.

Wait, what is Tzalmon doing? Why is he telling them about a daughter they don't remember?

What is his motive here?

What is he planning to tell them?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 108
**Acacia Dawn Winters Point of View**

Two heated pairs of eyes clashed with each other. One adult's and the other, pretending to be one.

I pressed my lips gravely and looked down at the small frame of my opponent with narrowed eyes. My opponent crossed his hands over his chest and squinted his eyes at me with same fervor.

"You can't do this to me. This is ridiculous." I expressed my views quite passionately.

"I can when I am right." Oh really? He said this with such an attitude that for a moment again for the nth time in the past few years, I wondered how this enigma of a little guy came out of me.

"Little guy, I am the adult here. I know what is wrong and right better than you." For the eleventh time today, I'm trying to make my four and half year old son understand that I know the world better than him.

"I don't oppose that, gorgeous. However, this time, you should listen to me in this matter." Seriously, Igses?

The moment I heard his words, I didn't know if I should laugh at him calling me gorgeous or should be frustrated with his stubborn nature.

This son of mine...!

I walked to the dining table and sat opposite to him as I slowly served veggies in his plate and tried to reason with him.

"Little guy, I know Mr. Reeves is kind of a pervert but in life I've met people like him before and will meet people like him in future too. If I cannot even handle that garbage bag, how am I going to do my work?"

Igses bit down on his food and thankfully he was never picky with his food. On the contrary, one can say that he loves to taste variety of food himself so all these years, I've tried to learn to cook better from online videos and some help from his friends' parents.

Igses frowned so adorably that I was an inch away from squeezing his chubby cheeks and kissing him all over his cute face.

"That's before you carried me in your body. Now since I'm out, I will take away weeds from your path. You only need to walk without any worry. Mamma, you are grounded for the day. Be at home and wait for me to settle the matter for you." Grounded?

Again?

I can't believe I'm hearing this from a four year old kid. This little guy, what is he thinking about himself? How can he, as a child, as my son, punish me - an adult and his mother?

This is totally not done. I'm not reconciled.

"You do know that you are only four years plus old and is hardly reach my knees, don't you? Anyways, I don't want you to get involved with such people. Your job is to play, go to school and study, be good and be my son. People like Mr. Reeves, I will handle. Don't even think of exposing yourself to such pollution."

I hate to remember those things and those people back from the past but when I see my son so stubborn and arrogant, I cannot help but think of that man.

Although my son usually use his attitude in a good manner, it's still so similar!

Igses completed the food from his plate and raised his hands indicating me to take of the belt and let him down from the chair. I did so and carried him in my arms to where his school supplies are kept.

"Mamma, you are still wet behind your ears so you don't know that we men -" He sighed dramatically shaking his head in utter disappointment.

Wet behind my ears? Now where did he learn that?

And what does he mean by 'we men'? When did he become a part of fully grown men?

Igses, my Igses!

"We men are animals, mamma. Innocent and beautiful flowers like you should not underestimate us and should be careful. Leave them to me; I will make sure no bad guy lays their bacteria nails on you." He cupped my face in his small soft hands and kissed my forehead. Once he completed what he wants to say, he patted my shoulder gesturing that the decision has been taken and there is no reason for another discussion.

Mr. Reeves, that senseless perverted business partner dared to be audacious with me before my son; he deserved all the doom that is now coming his way.

I'm defeated!

Defeated!

"You better don't be careless with your -" I trailed off as I warned him seriously. He nodded his head energetically and beat his own chest telling me believe him.

"Why is your Aunt Viva not yet here?" I crouched down and tied his shoelaces and adjusted his tie.

Suddenly something clicked in my mind and I stared down at my baby son with an inquisitive look. "Are you planning to do something mischievous again with your Aunt Viva and Noemi?" Noemi and Igses has been buddies for three and a half years now. They bicker and all but have each other's back like a pack of wolves.

Aviva is late and that means she was doing something that my little guy must have requested her to do. The team of three, one adult and two kids can really maintain secrets and do as they wish.

"Yes."

"And you are not even scared to tell this to me?"

"When did I ever lie to mamma?" He shrugged and started to check his bag once again to make sure he did not leave anything.

That's right, he never lies to me.

Huh! What am I to do with him!

I wanted to warn him not to overdo things when I heard the car horn coming from my porch. I picked my son up in one arm and carried his school bag in another and walked out to see Aviva already getting out of her car.

I kissed my son once again and he kissed me back before I put him down and gave his bag to him. Aviva has a huge grin on her face and I clearly saw her exchange secret winks with each other.

If It was not for the video conference call with clients, I would've dropped the little guy off at school myself. Now that Aviva is his partner in crime, I cannot help but worry.

One, Mr. Reeves is destined to be doomed;

Two, the team of Aviva, Noemi and Igses is deadly. They have the ability to make someone regret being born.

"You don't just let the kids do as they like." I pointed my finger at my now best friend, the vice president of our firm and my son's godmother.

"Don't you know sweet bean enough? He has always have a balance mindset. Don't worry, Reeves can be easily handled by this him." She really supports my son blindly for everything.

Wonder how she came to be such an age!

However, I only let Igses do what he wants to because I know I raised him well and he indeed has a very balanced mindset.

Sometimes even I might lose my stability for a moment but he never does no matter how dire the situation is.

"Yes yes, mamma. Leave all your problems to me. You should only smile and be peaceful. Don't forget your punishment though, you are punished to stay home today and repent."

Right repent for not handling that pervert right away!

Aren't I trying not to make a big deal and leave him with a warning?!

"Fine!" I grumbled. Aviva chuckled happily, waved at me and took Igses to school while I locked myself at home.

I cannot disobey my son, can I now?

I must be the first and probably the last mother who gets punished by her four plus year old son.

Sighing, I walked to my study for the video conference call with my clients. The project we are going to talk about is one of the big one that our firm is handling.

The architectural project was to be done in a beautiful town in Mexico and since it's a government project, the importance is even higher.

Three years, it took me three years to start ID designs and take to the height it is in now. I can still remember the day I finally came back to where I belonged to with my son.

That day was filled with joy, anticipation, worry and many much more than I could ever word it out. I was so excited to get to my family and tell them I was back.

Assure them I was alright and introduce their grandson to them.

I was so very excited and also anxious at the same time. Thinking about all the possible ways to tell them about what I went through, tell them the truth and get back the place I lost.

But who would've thought -

I was ready forget that awful place and its people, forgive them and get on with my life but who would've thought that they gave me one more reason to hate them every more.

To loathe him even more for what he did to me!

I was alone, with my months old son, in a big city,, with no shelter, no money, no food, nothing. I was so helpless and there was no one beside me to tell me it was alright and it would get better as days passed by.

My family was not with me nor my friends.

And for that, I would never ever forgive him.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Finally, Acacia point of view is here. Your views?

Igses is such a macho little guy, you agree?

Everyone needs a son like Igses. Who finds Igses adorable here?

Poor Acacia, she was grounded by her own son. Funny, is it not?

What not Acacia should've faced with baby Igses when she came back to her world?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 109
**Igses Dawn Point of View**

"Aunt Viva, are you in love?" I asked wondering if the sudden episodes of daydreams she is experiencing is anyway related to a person.

Aunt Viva coughed violently, she nodded or shook her I didn't understand but she gave me a mixed signal.

Definitely interested in someone!

"Who is he?" I asked getting a little excited. Aunt Viva is like an un-melt-able ice and for a person to confuse his way into her heart is a feat worth a medal.

"Leave about me. What did you plan for Reeves? You know your mamma will punish you if you overdo something." She reminded me of the perverted old man who misbehaved with my mamma.

As his son, his only and dear son, even I don't dare tease her even slightly. This outsider and that too, a man misbehaved with her, this should not go unpunished.

Mamma is the most patient, beautiful and amazing mamma in the world, how can any person even have heart to hurt her?

That person is not a person anymore if so!

"Was what I asked for, done?" Aunt Viva nodded with a smirk that she only shares with me and that Noemi girl.

"Are you going to use your - again?" I nodded.

"When our work can be done without being found out, why not use the means?" I shrugged.

Aunt Viva checked Mr. Reeves schedule and it was confirmed that he was going to drive alone to his farm house which is thirty kilometers out of city.

So I had Aunt Viva look for an unsuspecting place on his way and give me the coordinates of that place. Once I have the coordinates, with a little wave of my powers, he will be punished enough not to be inappropriate with any female in his life ever again.

Mamma said I have a lot of power in me and I shouldn't use it carelessly. She tells me every day that if I don't use my power to save someone, it's alright but I should never use them to hurt someone.

And about these powers other than mamma and aunt Viva, only Noemi knows because that annoying girl is my best friend.

I know I am different and I got all these powers from my father but whenever the topic of my father comes, mamma either gets sad or angry and that tells me that he was not good to mamma.

Someone who made my mamma sad cannot be my friend.

"So what about you going to do to Mr. Reeves exactly?" We are close to my school now and I can see Noemi already waiting for me near the gates with her uncle.

Aunt Viva stopped the car in front of the school gates and opened the door for me before taking off my seat belt.

"An element of surprise is always good every now and then. See you this afternoon Aunt Viva." I said cheekily and waved back at her stunned self.

Running to Noemi, I pulled her into the school as I don't want to be late to the morning exercises class.

I and Noemi sit together beside each other and when we both dropped our bags at our seats and stood in line to be led to the exercise room by the homeroom teacher.

I and Noemi always sit together because only I can tolerate her annoyance. Also, she is unfortunately my best friend who can keep my secrets well.

She also shares her new puzzles game with me. And when I arrange the puzzles in less than five minutes, she even hits on my head for spoiling her fun.

"Alright kids, make a proper line, we are going to learn new exercises today. Do not forget your water bottles and your napkins." The homeroom teacher, Ms. Lula, clapped to get our attention.

When every one of us got in line, she led us to the big empty hall where we are taught aerobics every day for one and half hour. I don't know about other but after this training, my little body feels so good and refreshed.

I love this time of the school every day.

Ms. Lula and the homeroom teachers of other sections made all of us stand in order in different rows. The teachers then started the drill and for an hour and a half, we sweated a lot.

"Devil, is Aunt Acacia taking you to spend holidays somewhere?" I was wiping my face with the napkin when Noemi asked as she sat next to me.

"I don't know."

"Then will you come with me to kids' zone with my mamma?" She asked and I automatically nodded.

It is usual for us to go out with either of our parents so why not?

There is no problem when it is kids' zone, a place where there are so many fun things and also a place where some of the fun things scare Noemi a lot.

"Noemi why are you taking him there with you? He has no daddy." Danny, a senseless child from 'B' section came to us with his friends and comments.

Since I'm used to his ignorance, I ignored him but Noemi frowned at the him.

"You should be kind to everyone, Danny. You are so bad." She groaned angrily and looked away. I drank my water and opened her bottle cap for her.

"He is bad that is why he has no daddy. My momma makes me tasty food and my daddy takes me out to play. But he only has his momma because he is a bad boy." This guy is truly annoying.

If he is stupid, why display it so proudly?

"Danny, is that any way to talk to your classmate?" All the homeroom teachers came hearing the commotion and scolded Danny for being rude.

"But Ms. Ruth, his daddy left him because he was not a good boy. That is true." The teacher got angry at his words and I am sure they have mouthful of things to scold him with.

I stopped Noemi from replying and turned to Danny who is standing proudly with his proud friend before me.

"It's not because I am bad, but because my mamma is more capable than both your parents combined." I shrugged, ignoring the surprised and stunned lot of our teachers.

"Uh?" Danny scratched his head not understanding what I said.

Of course he wouldn't.

"Your mamma makes food for you? My mamma makes it for me too. She even teaches me how to cook. Your daddy takes you on trips, my mamma does it too. She earns money for us, she takes me on trips, she buys me toys, she hugs me when I'm hurt, she scolds me when I do something wrong, she kisses me when do something good, she helps me with my homework, she takes me out to play. She does everything for me. You are such a high maintenance that you need more than two people to look after you. My mamma is an all rounder and can handle her job, home and me alone single handedly. Say, Danny, what are you so proud of?" I said casually and went back to ignoring him.

I'm not angry because he talked about a father I don't know of but in saying that, he also indirectly insulted my mamma and someone who speaks badly of my mamma should be taught a lesson.

If I'm not wrong, then it was a very surprised look mixed with smile on the faces of all the teachers. I even saw a couple of teachers giving me thumbs up with a proud smile displaying on their faces.

So what if I don't have my papa, my mamma is also my papa, my granny, my grandpa, my uncles and my aunts.

Also, my mamma is the most beautiful, like a flower, in the world.

Well, I don't want to fight with people like Danny, it's better to cut his useless pride before it grows and find trouble with me. Mamma forbids me from hurting anyone no matter how bad they are.

But since Danny is stupid, a few good words might set him on the right track.

"Danny, I am calling in your parents." His homeroom teacher got angry at him and went off to inform the principal and call his parents.

And just like that, Danny's parents were called and complained against him. We don't know what happened but after that day, Danny or any of his friends did not find trouble with us anymore.

"Igses Dawn Winters, Mr. Reeves was found in a sinkhole outside the city. It was said that he was there in there for four days now with no help near." Mamma, with her hands on her hips, in an intimidating posture, looked down at me with a semi-glare.

"Oh." My response made her narrow her eyes at me. Mamma looks so cute when she looks at me like that.

Of course I did it.

"When he was saved from the sinkhole, he kept saying he would never misbehave with any woman and God has punished him for that."

Why, some good alone time will make a person think of all the regrets he has in life.

"He called me a God? I'm shy now!" I blushed and blinked at mamma innocently. Mamma's cheeks went red and took my full name again and when she takes my dull name, it means she is not very impressed with what I did.

"Igses Dawn Winters!" However, the little smiling crinkles at the corner of her eyes is not lost on me.

Mamma, oh my mamma, how can you be so adorable!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

First time with Igses point of view. Do you like it?

Don't you think Igses is so much older than his age?

What do you think about his friendship with Noemi? Your views of Viva, Igses and Noemi trio team?

The way Igses countered Danny with a savage, you like it?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 110
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"If even the royal library does not have the solution for the restriction of our powers, then there was never such case happened before." Gyles and Eelk nodded to what Azar said.

The royal library has access to the royal members only which, at present should be, I, Eblilis and Igses. Other than us three, no one can pass through the protection and walk in.

Thankfully, I could still access the books from the royal library despite not being able to go back in person. After all I am a king who manages and controls spirit and soul bodies and passing the protective shield from another domain is not really related to some magic or power.

After I and Eelk were back from Charleston ten days ago, Eelk was given the job to know more about Eblilis and Igses through Aviva Fortune, who can now be considered more than his friend. However he is careful to not show his face to Eblilis.

I, on the other hand, drowned myself, reading all the possibly related books in the royal library regarding our current issue. Finding a solution has now become more important than the very air we take.

The amount of guilt and loathe I have on myself is beyond anything I ever felt.

I now know very well that even if I strangle myself to death a hundred times, it would still not make up to even a percentage of what Eblilis had to endure both here and in my kingdom.

"Edus had a discussion with our most trusted ministers of royal court and the discussion resulted in no positive result. However, they are now religious looking for a solution." I spoke as I started to massage my head again.

I seem to have a lot of these headache after coming here.

"That- Majesty -" Azar stammered with hesitation.

"Hmm?"

"It's about the young prince." Igses? What is it about? Is he fine?

"Is he doing well?" Worried about his wellbeing, I asked in a little hurry.

"He is, Majesty. He is going to join the martial arts classes with his friend from the day after tomorrow." That right! How could I forget that.

I have been getting updates about my son daily from his smallest to the biggest affairs of the day. And among the bunch of news one thing that surprised me was he has his powers intact and he is so much more powerful than I was at his age.

However, unless direly necessary he doesn't use them which I know should be Eblilis order.

It was when I read about the updates of this certain Mr. Reeves who was punished by my son using his powers that I realized he was exempted from any form of restrictions.

It also made us all realize that the little fellow is excessively protective of his mother and can do anything for her. But he was also the smartest and cutest for anyone his age. He is so matured and he was also taught something I was not from the young age which led to all the trouble to this date.

Respecting other irrespective of age, gender and religion.

The reports told me very clearly that although he has a sharp mouth, he is also very respectful towards everyone around him unless he was provoked to the highest point.

"Gyles is handling the first batch of kids, yes?" Azar nodded.

"Then you take over this batch. Keep an eye on the prince but do not give him any preferential treatment which may rise suspicious." The little fellow is too smart for his own good.

Azar agreed and got up to leave before he stopped and turned back, "What are we going to do next about the restrictions. Majesty?"

"Since the books have no information, I will look into the journals that were written my precedents and ancestors. There might be something helpful there. While you look after Igses and protect him for me."

"But are you not going to meet him at least?" Azar's question stuck a cord in my heart.

Of course I do. That is my dear son, my only child. How can I have heart to keep my distance with him?

"I will. Soon I will. I need to take care of other things before I could meet him with a less burdened heart." I sighed, feeling extremely sad and melancholic.

Although it was only few months of time difference for me, he has grown to me a near five year old child here due to time dilation.

I missed nearly four years of life, I missed him seeing his growth. How can not want to see him and take him into my embrace?

"You mean -" Azar trailed of understanding what I meant. I nodded and gestured him to leave and attend his work.

The next few days, I went back to reading, this time the journals recorded by the past and passed members of royal family.

News came back to me that Igses and his friend Noemi got to the classes are doing exceptionally good. Well Igses is while the little girl was not bad.

When Azar was unable to make the little girl understand, Igses does it for him skillfully. He was a very fast learner.

I had already read half the journals but did not chance upon anything related. I was getting increasingly exhausted by the non stop reading and work.

If it was back in the kingdom or with my strength at its normal, it would've not been a problem but now with a temporary human constitution, I feel hungry, thirsty, tired and many more.

It was at this time that Eelk knocked the door and came in with a tray full of food for me. I wordlessly ate it first before I could discuss anything with him.

Once I was done eating, Eelk noticed that I was relaxed now so he went on to give me the updates.

"The newly appointed Chief Finance Executive shall start his duties from the Friday of the coming week, Sir." I nodded.

"Alright. What is the progress with the land around Niversend lake and the surrounding mountain range?"

"We won the land after the government checked everything as per the protocol. The deed with the other necessary documents will be in our hands by the end of the week. The payment is prepared and shall be done in three installments by the end of the week, sir."

"In that case, have Normann be the assistant to the new CFO and let the Finance executive handle the work with the resort plan. He will be in charge from choosing the engineers and architecture firm, finance plans to handling the other governments regulations till the very end it was finished."

"Yes sir."

"About the CFO -" He started.

"He will be here, for sure. We will arrange the accommodation; they will be here, for her at least." I know they will come, if not for every other thing then at least for -

"I understand, Majesty. The down payments for two villas in the Paradise community were already paid. One for us and the other for the CFO; both side by side." Right, now that the stay is for indefinite time period, better have a permanent residence.

"That's good. Then go on with the other arrangements pertaining to the new resort. We have to start the establishment as soon as possible."

"Yes sir. Understood." And so he went of to do his job and I went back to continue with the journals without any delay.

Five days later, my belief proved to be right and the new CFO along with his family arrived in the city and was forceably picked up by Eelk.

I was waiting for them on the patio of their villa which is adjacent to mine. I was both relieved and anxious at their arrival.

I was standing in front of the closed door for an hour now and it was only another fifteen minutes later that Eelk's car finally made its way past the huge gates towards the front.

Yet again, I felt myself shivering in fright, which seems to be happening to me frequently lately. The car stopped in front of where I stood and Eelk got down from the driver's side and opened the door to the passenger side and the back doors.

"Please." He politely and very respectfully escorted them out of the car. The moment the new CFO's and his family's eyes fell on me, the already raging fury in their eyes went over the meter.

From young to old, they glared at me so fiercely that I felt my legs turn into puddle of water. I was not scared that they would hurt me somehow, I was scared that they would walk out and go away from here, rejecting my offer.

"I'm relieved that you decided to come." I went forward and smiled at them showing my best side. Eelk went to take their luggage from the back of the car and I took out the keys from my pant pocket and showed it to them.

"This is the keys to you house. You can also additionally get a password for the doors for better security. Everything in the house is arranged, please free to disturb Eelk or me if you need anything -" I stopped suddenly and braved up to continue addressing him.

"-Father in law."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

New CFO? Tzalmon called him father-in-law?

It couldn't be Marcus Winters, right?

If so then what are the Winters doing in the same city as Acacia and why does it feel that they are angry and not just angry but also seems to hate Tzalmon a little too?

Why is Marcus Winters Finance officer of Tzalmon's businesses?

For Tzalmon to be so nervous and call Marcus 'Father-in-law', what exactly happened in Charleston?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim
**

###chapter 111
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"Do not... Do not call me that." An angry growl came from the face who was my wife's father.

"Mother-in-law" I turned to Mrs. Winters for some support but even the ever kind and calm Mrs. Winters to shared the same distaste that her husband was giving me.

"Mr. Ebernus, we have no relation with you whatsoever nor will we ever have. If not for - her, we would've not taken your offer to work for you." I released a heavy breath and saw the three enraged people from Winters household.

That evening, when I revealed everything to them at the dinner, they did not believe me. On contrary, they looked at me funnily as if I was joking and passing by the serious issue in hand.

However, three days later, Azar was able to get hair strands of Acacia's secretly and sent them to me on my orders. After insisting the Winters several times, they got the test that this world does to see the paternity between different relationships.

We had the DNA test done and the doctor was Mr. Winters' best friend. A day later the test results came out positive and it was then I showed them the pictures of Acacia that Azar had sent me periodically.

The DNA test coupled with the pictures of Acacia, whose face looked a lot similar to the three Winters members, they finally managed to digest the truth.

For a day, they did not accept any appointment from me nor did they go to their respective works. They spent the whole day most probably remembering what I told them and discussing it among them.

It was only two days later that they called me and asked for a meeting at their house. This time around, they did not even offer me a glass of water. They only asked me every single detail of what exactly happened and I told them.

I told them everything without even missing a single point because I want make amends genuinely and that comes with coming clean to her parents in the first place.

I did not make them think I was not in the wrong at all, on the contrary, I openly accepted all the mistakes and all the wrong decisions and judgments I made in the past that affected their daughter negatively.

However, coming out clean with Eblilis parents also has some of my selfish motives hidden; a hope hidden.

I was hoping to get the approval of Winters family so that it would be easier to get forgiveness from Eblilis in the future.

But as any loving parents, Mrs. and Mr. Winters turned livid with me. They were not scared that I am a supernatural being who is much more powerful and stronger than anyone. They were so furious at me that they didn't care if I harm them at all.

Whew! It's just so difficult to get everything back on the right tract.

Eblilis, whatnot am I doing to get your forgiveness?

When the day comes, you will feel my sincerity right?

"If not for the reason that we cannot barge into her life so suddenly after all these years of forgetting her, if not the adverse effect it might bring out, if not for our daughter and grandson who needed a normal manner to get close to us before breaking the truth to them, we would never accept your offer." Mr. Winters clipped, sneering at me.

If it was someone else and if it was in the past, that sneer targeted towards me would cost that person's life.

But this is my own father-in-law who loves his children more than anything in the world.

"Mr. Ebernus, do not try to make familial relations with us because we only consider our daughter and grandson but not you that might come with them in future." Mrs. Winters followed her husband but I got a little, tiny winy shameless after coming to this world.

To get my wife and son back to me, I don't mind being a little brazen with them to make ends meet.

I now need to slowly make my way from bad books to 'not bad' books to 'good' books.

"I will try my best to improve myself. I will have my wife and son by my side one day." I announced determinedly yet with lot of respect towards the couple. "Father-in-law and mother-in-law, you both can come to work from the coming Monday. Take good rest these couple of days. There is a catalogue of universities for Liam on the glass table in the living room, please help yourself to make decision." I bowed a little in respect and walked back to my own villa to continue with my own worki.

Eelk stayed back with the Winters family for a while more and gave them more information about Acacia and Igses before leaving.

I realized they were much lenient on Eelk than they were me, Azar and Gyles. It must be because they know Eelk helped and supported her back in the kingdom and did not give her a hard time, so they were more inclined to talk to Eelk.

It still made me hopeful that they are at least giving one of us a chance to get close to them. It might not be as impossible for me to squeeze some place in their good books later on.

So I continued to work on reading the journals one after the other. I wasn't expecting anything after not finding anything from my past searches. I was already getting anxious and flustered by the negative outcome.

However that changed when I came upon something in a journal written by grandfather of my grandfather.

I flipped the page and started reading it slowly and clearly. He did not sit on the throne yet and was young at that time. In the mortal world terminology, he was a teenager.

'The small trip to that domain caused strange phenomena. For those few days we were there, something suppressed our powers for some reason. We got anxious as there was no way back home unless we got our magic back. For days, we were locked up in the small domain without any clue of what was happening.'

This is very similar to our case. Not wasting any time, I continued to read further.

'A few days later, suddenly the suppression on us was not there anymore and we were clueless why it happened. Although happy, I still wanted to know why something so strange happened. After coming back, the higher council had a discussion with the King, my father. No one knows what they talked about but they started to investigate the strange phenomena.'

My eyebrow scrunched up as I finished reading the second page. So the suppression was gone on its own?

How and why?

Curiously and nervously, I flipped the next page to continue.

'The investigation went on for years but I was never told the proceedings of it. However, one day, when I was waiting for my father at the back of the court room, I only vaguely heard them saying something startling. 'The cause and effect are due to the same reason.' Later only I couldn't find what the reason was. My father had closed the whole issue and everyone was ordered to never talk about it ever again. I was not told about it even. And so the whole truth of the incident was buried with father and the other courtiers after their death.'

The cause and effect are due to the same reason?

What exactly is the reason that caused a power suppression? For the suppression to vanish on its own, the cause must be something simple.

But why was this whole incident buried? What exactly happened then?

If it was not for something very big, the issue would've not been given a silence order. I went through the rest of his journal but nothing about that incident was ever mentioned again.

So I searched for his father's journal and after a long search I found it. Spending one full day on reading it, nothing about the incident was ever mention in his journal to start with.

There was not even a mention of any strange phenomena in passing. It seemed like the Order of Silence was followed by everyone religiously.

What exactly happened then?

How do I find out?

And what does it mean by 'The cause and effect are due to the same reason'?

I fell in thoughts as I chanted that phrase again and again in my mind. Although I don't the situation then, what if the same theory is applied to my current situation as well?

Since the suppression was only levied on us by the nature, it could possibly for two reason in current scenario.

One, our magical power will be unbearable for the current stability of the mortal realm.

Or;

Two, something went wrong by us or from our side that needs to be fixed before the restrictions are relaxed.

I somehow have a feeling that the second option is what we are facing now.

If so, is it perhaps related to -

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

So Tzalmon really came out clean with his in-laws. Brave enough!

He even went to great lengths to prove his story and tell them about their daughter is commendable. 

I think Acacia would do good when she gets back with her parents. 

Will this help Tzalmon in future persuation?

Will Winters cool down for him in near future?

Hey guys, I'm writing a short story 'Marriage Aftershocks' on a platform called MyFiction. This is for a contest so please like, share and comment.

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 112
**Acacia Point of View**

"The 'Thunders' was already quite famous in the recent days and they only started out recently. Now they are expanding and going in to resorts and hotels." The PR executive of our ID Designs, Mr. Ethan Wilson, said.

"Who owns the 'Thunders' again?" I asked, not looking at anyone in particular. The several department executives slowly shook their heads negatively and I turned to Aviva for an answer.

"I know his name... it's on my tongue I'm unable to remember it correctly. Mr. Amber- No, it's Emb - Eber - Dawn, his last name is a little difficult to remember. But the one who is handling the whole resort project is their CFO. I've checked a little about their CFO and found out that he previously worked in a bank in Charleston and recently moved with family when the opportunity presented itself. According to the reports, he was an upright and a capable person." Aviva recited whatever she knows and looked at me confidently telling me this is not a bad opportunity and we should try it.

"So, you all say we should send our firm profile and give it a try?" Truly speaking, this is really a great opportunity for the firm because the whole resort project was a huge one.

The department heads nodded to give it a go so I left the job for Aviva to handle. She soon registered our firm on their online registration portal and attached our profile as per requested.

Aviva has an acquaintance in Thunders through whom she came to know that they received a total sixteen application, including ours, and among them are the applications from companies from other cities as well.

I realized the competition to get hands on this resort project is quite tough.

However, seeing how huge this is, no wonder many are tempted to try their hands on it.

"Viva, what do you think about this sudden expansion feat by Thunders?" I asked her when we are alone.

Although we did sent our profile to them, I'm also a little suspicious about these people who came to the city only recently and became wealthy so suddenly.

It is alright if they had businesses elsewhere and Tuscan is one of their playgrounds but that is not the reality. Thunders was their first venture which only opened only more than two months ago and now they are hurrying to get into resort ventures.

This is strange!

Is it so easy to start a business and get successful? Even the genius among the geniuses needs a few years or at least good one year to see the face of success.

"Frankly speaking, they are slapping the city with their sudden business ventures and instant popularity which is a little doubtful as well as impulsive on their part. However, when I recently expressed the same doubt to my friend from Thunders, he said that they inherited a lot of money and their luck was pretty good in business."

Luck?

Luck can be counted as one of the pros but such level of luck is almost - abnormal!

"Do you think I'm overthinking?" I asked with an awkward smile.

"Yes, mamma." And I felt a huge ball fall in my lap. Looking at the huge ball, I grinned and ruffled his hair but soon scrunched my nose a little.

The Thunders must be working their bodies harder for them to sweat out so profusely.

"I like those uncles from Thunders. They are so good at fighting." He hollered happily.

I raised a brow at looked at the little girl who followed my son and saw her nodding her head in complete agreement.

"Yes. And I am good than devil." What she said made my son frown at her.

"Noemi, you betrayer. When you couldn't learn the moves, I was the one who help you all the time and now you are bragging falsely about how good you are? Are you taking extra classes to learn how to lie?"

"You will agree when I kick your butt down in future." She scoffed angrily and went to sit on the couch which is on right corner in my office room.

"Mamma, you know, I also love the grandpa there. He is so good." Grandpa?

"Who is this grandpa?" I asked in astonishment. Not only did he call someone uncle quite acceptingly, he also acknowledged a grandpa?

This little guy has always been very wary and does not like to mingle with people closely other than family.

For him to call someone grandpa so affectionately, he should really like that person.

"It's Grandpa Money. He works there. That grandpa said he handles money in Thunders." Handles money?

Ah, he means their CFO?

"You mean their Finance officer? You really like him so much?" He nodded happily. I turned to Noemi and even she nodded her head telling us that she too likes that Grandpa Money.

"Why? You don't like to get close to someone too much right?" Viva asked with a gasp of surprise.

"But grandpa is so kind and I don't know why but I feel so attached to that grandpa. He feels like - uum," He tapped a finger on his chin trying to find words to his feelings.

"He feels like you mamma." Uh?

Feels like me?

"What do you mean?" I frowned but still amused by his words.

"How I like to hug you, how you feel so warm and comfortable, how you make me feel safe and loved, I feel the same with grandpa Money. You and grandpa Money are so similar."

Okay! This CFo of Thunders should be a very affectionate person to make my son compare him with me. It was the first time he compared someone with me and that means that person should really good.

Because to Igses, I am his first priority in everything and I am his world just like how he is mine.

"So you trust this grandpa?"

"Yes. He even taught me and Noemi classic poem and told us we shouldn't take careless decisions until we finish school and college. He said education is the most important thing that we have to concentrate on right now."

Yes, this man is good!

But then reeling over what he said to Igses and Noemi, I suddenly found myself tearing up unknowingly because those were the same words dad used to say to me and Liam.

He has always said until we finish university and achieve the goal we set for education, we shouldn't look for romance or love or anything that diverts our focus.

He used to say that education was the most important factor to pave way for the rest of our life. Love can be achieved when we go out into the world as an adult and look at ourselves how it is and how people are. We would then know better about our self and would understand what kind of person we wanted in life.

Thinking back how dad used to be both strict and loving with me and Liam, I couldn't help but feel my heart ache in despair.

He was the best dad despite his strict rules on education. I and Liam knew he meant well and to be honest we never felt uncomfortable with his rules as well because they were never too tight. He never gave us any benchmark nor did he decide for us.

He used to say that whatever our interest is, we should pursue it single mindedly without any distraction. He was one of reasons why I was able to discover that my interest lies in architecture and pursued it so relentlessly.

"Mamma, don't cry." I felt Igses wiping away my tears and I was out from my daze.

"What happened mamma?" Igses asked in a sad tone and by this time, even Viva leaned towards me to give me a comforting hug.

Noemi, who started to do her homework ran to me and started to pat me on my legs.

"Nothing. I just remembered someone suddenly." I pushed back my tears and gave all the three a smile.

Igses looked at me quietly for a while and hugged my waist. "Don't feel sad, mamma. Don't you still have me. I will make you the happiest mamma in the world." As if he understood me, as he knows thoughts, as if he felt my emotions, he assured me.

Although he doesn't know anything about his father or my parents or any other family members and relatives, he never asked me about them.

For some reason, or I might want to think that he felt my depression when family was mentioned, he never asked me but always quietly comforted me whenever I broke down.

"I know, love. I know." I hugged him back and kissed his head despite the obvious sweaty odor coming out of him.

The Thunders must be working their bodies harder for them to sweat out so profusely.

Dad, mom, Liam, if only you could meet this ball of happiness!

Mom, dad, your grandson is an intelligent and a matured boy for his age. You both would've loved him more than you loved me once.

If only you could meet him.

If only he could have the family that everyone has.

If only -

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Time is nearing when Acacia meets her father and family again.

Igses loves grandpa Money, who is his real grandpa a lot. Marcus Winters is indeed a good grandpa, isn't he?

Acacia pain is too much to handle, you agree?

Igses likes those uncles from Thunders, then will he like his papa, Tzalmon too?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim
**

###chapter 113
**Igses Point of View**

I think I need a good interesting hobby.

I love to paint but doing it too much will be boring. The creativity that comes with it will soon reach a point of stagnation if I do it too much and too single mindedly.

Although I read a lot of books, even books that are too above my grade and age, those educational books are not challenging enough.

The mixed martial arts teacher is still teaching us how to stay strong on horse stance and very basic body strengthening stances. So unless I learn handful of moves, I cannot practice them at home so much with excitement.

Aiyo! What new hobby should I find myself to cover up my free time?

I sighed and put my head in my hands as I sat on the floor to rest for a while. These few days I thought about learning so kind of good sports but most of them are not for my small age.

Even though I convinced those big brothers in the field that I play, that the basketball and soccer ball that they were playing with is bigger than my body so I will get hurt.

They advised me to come back to play when I am nine or ten years old.

"Little Dawn, why are you sitting there in such distress?" Grandpa Money walked asked as he walked to where I and Noemi are taking rest.

After two hours of training, we both are almost trying to compete who produce a larger sea with sweat. Teacher Azar is hellhound trainer, I have to say. He is amazing!

"Granpa Money!" I and Noemi called out happily. Grandpa came and sat beside us while opening the cap to our water bottles and handed us both to drink.

He too looked at both of us with big smile and warm loving gaze. My instincts always tells me that Grandpa Money is a good man and my instincts are mostly right!

I like this grandpa.

"Little one, why do you seem stressed today?" He asked again. When I was about to answer, Noemi beat me to it.

"He wants to find a new hobby."

"New hobby?" He asked in surprise.

"Yes grandpa. I have some free time in hand every now and then so I want to find some interesting hobby to fill it up." I told him, giving him a pout.

I did not think finding a new hobby would be so tough!

"I told him to do makeup, hair deesing, penicure, moneycure; but he doesn't want to do them." Anyone can tell why her hobby suggestions did not attract my attention.

I am only close to five years old, how can i become a spa specialist? I cannot even wash my hair by my own and mamma does it for me so how can I do it for others?

Noemi Ora Reyes truly a friend who balances my intelligence with her stupidity! But she is my best friend who is best in the world.

"It's hairdressing, pedicure and manicure, Noemi." I corrected her and turned to grandpa who looked completely amused by both of us.

"Alright, so do you not have any hobby at all?" Grandpa asked curiously.

"I can paint, I read a lot of books, I and Noemi started to learn swimming an year ago so I will go to diving after I learn other forms of swimming too. Mamma does not like if I play on phone or watch TV for more than one hour so I and Noemi play in the community park with other kids." Grandpa looked surprised.

He was looking at me as if he is proud of me. This is the same look that mamma gives me when I do something good.

"You still have free time for another hobby?" I nodded.

Grandpa fell silent for few moments as he started to think. While he was thinking, I and Noemi walked into academy dressing room and changed out of our training clothes to fresh ones. After wiping ourselves well and changing, we came out to find Aunt Viva, Noemi's mamma - Aunt Elena and Grandpa Money talking to each other.

"Grandpa, do you have any suggestions for a good hobby?" I reached him and asked.

Aunt Viva looked down at me and grinned, "You still haven't found it yet?"

"No."

"Ms. Fortune here says you don't have a pet. Why don't you get yourself a pet, little one?" Grandpa suggested and my eyes brightened at the suggestion.

"A pet?"

"Yes, you don't like them?"

"I do, I do. But I go to school and mamma goes to work and we cannot leave our pet alone at home." I explained after thinking a little. This made me sulk a little.

I thought of playing with a pet before but did not ask mamma because it would be bad if we leave at home alone.

"That seems to be a problem I see." Grandpa ruffled my hair lightly. He then suddenly grinned at me as produced a suggestion.

"Little one, why don't we do this? We will go and get a pet together. You can play with at home and when there's no one to take care of, leave it at my house. Your grandma and uncle love pets. They will take care of it until you return." My eyes sparkled at the suggestion and immediately jumped up and down in excitement.

"Yes, yes, grandpa, can we really do that?" I asked expectantly.

"Of course you can."

"Aunt Viva, can we buy a pet now? Please, please?" I jumped towards Aunt Viva.

"You have to ask your mamma, Sweet bean." Saying, she called mamma on her phone and when she picked it up, she gave put it on speaker and gave it to me.

"You, little guy, you want a pet suddenly?" I heard mamma's voice.

"Can I mamma, please?" Hearing me request her so much, she sighed.

"Getting a pet a responsibility, Igses. You have to feed him, clean him, play with him, train him; can you do it?"

"Yes, I can do them. I will learn well so please can I get a pet?" Mamma reaffirmed the responsibility I would get into and asked if I get really take care of the pet. After I said I would do good, she agreed.

"Aunt Viva, grandpa, can we please go and get it now?" I'm so excited to see all the pets and get one.

This is going to be interesting and fun!

"I want a pet too. Mamma, I want it too, please." When Noemi asked Aunt Elena, she assured that she would take good care of the pet so Aunt Elena agreed reluctantly.

We soon went to the nearby pet store to choose a pet. I insisted grandpa too tag along as well because we are going to raise it together.

After entering the store, it was like I entered into a new world. There are so many cute puppies, kitties, fishes, birds, hamsters, mice, rabbits, horses and so many more.

It's a big store with variety of animals put in different cages. Seeing them inside cages, I felt heartbroken for them. They are so cute, how can someone have the heart to imprison them.

Mamma says everyone has right to live their life on their terms unless it doesn't harm others. These animals should be living in jungle but now they are in cages.

This is too sad.

My happy mood slowly went down as I passed through several cages of animals. "How depressing!"

"What is?" Noemi asked.

"Look at them; they are kept in cages for no wrong. It's so sad, Noemi." I muttered at Noemi and she nodded as she too felt sad about it.

"Aunt Viva, can we buy all of them?" I asked her with an anticipated smile.

"All of them?"

"Yes. After choosing the pet we like, we will leave the others in the jungle." Hearing me, Grandpa, Aunt Viva and Aunt Elena laughed.

"There are so many such pet stores in this city, country and whole world, dear one. How many can let them out? Even if you leave them in the jungle, they will be caught again." What grandpa said is true.

There are some many of these shops, how can I alone help them all?

"But they are locked up and sad." I said with a pout.

"In that case, when you buy one, you treat it well. When you cannot stop something, it is better to do the what you can even the action is very small." I reeled over grandpa's words over and over again and agreed to what grandpa said.

Indeed, grandpa is so smart!

"Then can we get parrots and a rabbit?" I blinked at grandpa, then at Aunt Viva. They both looked at each other and finally nodded saying that the request is not too much.

I want to buy some gold fish too but there's fish tank at Noemi's house and sometimes it smells fishy.

Birds are chirpy and rabbits are so cute. I want to play with them. Also there are so many tiny rabbits here that stole my little heart.

"I want a puppy then!" Noemi hollered.

Half an hour later, we are out of the store with our pets in our hands and we are so happy.

I want to go home and play with them immediately!

"Thank you, grandpa!" Grandpa nodded and patted mine and Noemi's head affectionately.

"Tomorrow, I will take you to meet your grandma and uncle. Bring these pets so we can introduce them as well." I and Noemi nodded excitedly.

I wonder how Grandma Money and Uncle Money are!

Are they as good and loving as grandpa?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Another Igses POV. You like it?

Grandson and grandpa are bonding slowly. Will Acacia find out who grandpa Money is before he meets him as CFO of Thunders?

You get to see a kid side of Igses. Do you find him likable like this as well?

What do you think about Igses and Noemi best friendship?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 114
**Acacia Point of View**

"We will get this. We surely will." I chanted to myself again and again to encourage myself.

I rubbed my hands in an attempt to calm my nerves down and go through the presentation in my mind again. If ID designs can get Thunders' new resort project, then ID's foothold in the city and in this part of the country will be very firm.

Not only we will earn a lot, the gate to further company development will open completely.

I glanced at Viva sitting beside me and noticed that she is answering new emails and checking the presentation again and again to make sure there is no mistake.

Beside us, behind and in front of us, there are several people who were sitting in their allocated seats for the same reason as mine. They are here to present their ideas after getting shortlisted.

The Thunders' wanted to establish a type of resort that was never seen before or something that is so attractive that people should expend a lot just to have a holiday there.

I, along with my team already went to the place where the resort should be built after we were given the details. Although I know that there was beautiful mountain ranges with a large water body in the middle, I never thought that it was not just a beautiful sight but the whole are gives of fantasy aura.

It was that beautiful! It's like a fantasy world!

That was when I and my team realized how tough this job is. To preserve the beauty of this whole place and yet set up a resort that does not disturb its beauty is tough.

What is tougher is that the establishments should compliment well with the natural beauty of the place. And on top of that, the theme of the resort should be unique.

This is truly challenging.

"Ms. Winters, I hope you are doing fine." I looked up to see Mrs. and Mr. Frost, the chairperson and Managing Director of Frost Structures. They have always been a tough business competition between us.

However, other than business rivalry, we are fine otherwise. We all know our limits to keep private and professional boundaries so this is something I admire about them.

"You old Frost people, you are really here." I grinned and shook their hands. They glared at me unceremoniously and scoffed.

"We are only at our early forties. Do you have to go as far as to call us old every chance you get?" Mrs. Frost threw her usual shades of attitude which did not really affect me.

"Right, the youngest people in the range of forties; happy now?" I countered back. "I thought you did not submit your profile to enter the project bid?"

"We were not free to take on this project initially. All our teams were pretty occupied but recently one of the projects from our Nevada branch are done and closed. So did some projects shuffling and handed the Utah project we were handling to them and enrolled our profile in the last minute. We can't let you have such a big project, now can we?" Mr. Frost explained and then challenged me confidently.

"There are others to compete with me, why should you get down in the muddied water? Don't you have a good enough strong company?" I sulked.

I'm sure these two are most probably here to give me a hard time. They do this a lot. If I am to get a project and they know they cannot win it, they will make sure I get it after sweating for it more than I can endure.

These two Frost foxes!

"This is a challenging and an interesting project." They shrugged and went on to take their assigned seats which is right beside me.

We talked for a while before the small meeting hall went silent. A man dressed neatly entered the room with several notepads and files in his hands. He went on to distribute them to each of us and proceeded to introduce himself.

"I'm Normann Ravize, the assistant to the CFO. He will be here any moment now please be seated everyone." He introduced and went on to adjust the projector and the screen and checked the lights again.

Soon we heard a couple of footsteps walking inside so I rubbed my wet sweaty hands on my dress and released a breath to calm myself.

I can do this.

We all stood up and welcomed him. The doors opened and we all stood there with lot of anticipation swimming inside us.

And the moment the CFO entered the room, I looked up putting on professional smile which soon went down when I saw the person who walked inside.

My heart pounded and my eyes, without knowing released series of tears. For a minute there, I forgot where I am and for what reason I was there.

"Hello everyone, I'm Marcus Winters, the CFO and the one who is responsible for the resort project from Thunders'. It's very nice to meet you all." He introduced everyone with a smile.

But when he looked at me, I saw a sudden change of emotion in his eyes which went away before I could confirm.

Viva must've felt my sudden change in mood, she nudged me and composed myself right away. Thank goodness no one saw me crying so I wiped the tears away and inhaled exhaled for a few times.

Once I controlled my emotions, I looked back at my dad who is now not more than a stranger. Several emotions swirled inside me that I kept buried inside all these years.

"What happened? You look out of sorts just now?" I shook my head at Viva and she did not ask about it anymore.

"Dawn, don't you think Mr. Winters and you share some similar features? He should be a distant relative since you share some similar features and same surname." Viva said as she smiled at my dad in a familiar manner.

It was then that it hit. The grandpa money that Igses kept talking about is none other than dad. He was the one who got him pets and introduced his family to the little guy.

Seems like the blood does calls out for own even when you cannot remember. However I don't know if I should be happy or not about this sudden development.

The more they get close to me, the more it pains me for several reasons. I wonder why the fates are playing such cruel jokes on me always.

"As per the requirement document we circulated among you all before, we, Vaettir Industries, aside from Thunders' academy and gym, are going to enter into hotels and resorts. The Vaettir resorts will first start its journey from Niversend lake and mountain ranges. This is the most important plan for our Vaettir Industries and so we expect nothing but from you all." He went on to explain and I just sat there listening to him.

He looked at me casually while talking without displaying any familiarity which hurt me again. I know he doesn't know who I am and I'm no different from a stranger but it still hurt my heart.

"We will start the presentations now." He announced. The company representatives went one after another to explain their basic ideas and plans.

It was finally our turn to present our ideas and plans so Viva went on to take the job. I was supposed to give the presentation but she must've realized that I'm not in right mood so she took the job over.

And I'm happy for that because I don't think I have any strength to talk before my dad when all these years I've been crying for them.

Once the presentations are over, a copy of those presentations and the documented version of those plans were sent to the assistant, Normann.

I intentionally prepared a very vague idea in the presentation and gave a defined explanation in the document that will only be seen by the Vaettir Industries people.

This is one of the simple strategies that we all use to gain upper hand over others and shock them later on.

After the meeting is done, everyone started to leave once they chatted with dad a little. It's a common etiquette to greet the host before we leave so I stood behind everyone.

"Ah, this must be Mrs. -" Dad started but I cut him off telling him that it's Ms.

"Ms. Winters then, yes? You are amazing Igses' mother." This time, his smile was genuine and filled with joy.

It seems like my little guy was right about this grandpa of his. Dad indeed treats him wholeheartedly despite not knowing about his relationship with him.

"Pleasure to meet you, sir." I nodded and gave a polite smile. At this moment, I don't know if I should be happy that my dad is here in front of me or hurt because he can never be my dad in future.

It gives a weird kind of pain and not even my deadliest enemy should have to go through such cruel situation ever.

"Pleasure is mine, young lady. You have an amazing smart son. I have to say that although you are young, the way you are raising the little one is commendable." Of course, I learnt it from you and mom.

When had you both ever neglected me and Liam? You both were so particular about bringing up your children so how can I not learn and do the same to my child?

"Right, that little guy must be at my house accompanied by my wife and son. Why don't you come over? I will introduce to my family and instead of sending a driver to pick up Igses, you can take pick him up yourself." I immediately shook my head at that suggestion.

"I still have few appointments, sir. Meeting you family must be postponed for a later date." Dad thought for a moment and nodded.

"If so, then you can meet them the coming Sunday. My son promised Igses and Noemi to take them to kids market. You might as well join us, both the children were so excited when they heard of Kids market." I nodded my head with a small smile and accepted his offer.

We will be coming face to face more often from now on, if I keep my distance intentionally, then it would affect Igses too. That little guy loves dad, mom and Liam to a great extent.

So why don't I prepare for future with a strong firm heart?!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Finally, Acacia came face to face with her father. 

Poor Acacia, she must be going through a lot right now. To have her dad in front of her and still have to behave like he is a stranger is must be extremely painful.

What are your views of her and her father's first encounter?

Do you think Marcus Winters and other Winters family members will settle all the insecurities she has gathered in all these past few years?

Alright, the short story I'm writing for a contest on 'Kiss', 'Myfiction' app will come to an end today. Please give it a try. Votes and comments are important in this contest so please support me.

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 115
**Tzalmon Point of View**

My whole being felt a little lighter compared to the heavy guilt and disappointment I was feeling from all these months.

When my zeroed on the little figure who was playing in the garden with a rabbit, I was only an inch away from going there to hug him and expose myself to him.

Although he was playing in the garden that belongs to Winters residence, I can easily see what was happening from the window of my bedroom. On one hand, I was happy to see my son so happy and carefree while on the other hand, I was also angry at myself for not being able have him by my side.

That is my prince there and I cannot even go and talk to him. This is indeed a torture.

Igses and Noemi were running around, chasing their own pets while Liam was playing along with them, sometimes picking them up, throwing them in air and catching them back in his arms and sometimes, teasing them until they attack him back.

Mrs. and Mr. Winters are relaxing on chairs in the garden while they are both smiling and tearing up. I could clearly see them getting emotional over their grandson and must have been feeling helpless due to the current situations.

So am I, to be honest.

This particular situation got to this extent was all because of me so not only can I not meet Eblilis and Igses, I also have to carry the heavy burden of guilt that seems to be increasing by passing day.

It was only when I saw that the Winters are slowly getting close to Eblilis and Igses that I felt a little lighter.

Sigh! If only there is a medicine for regret.

"Sir Marcus invited Lady Dawn to go to the Kids zone market along with them and she agreed reluctantly, Majesty." Eelk informed.

"She was reluctant?" I asked softly, all the while not taking my eyes from my son.

"Yes, Majesty. It was understandable though!" He sighed sadly.

"Understandable? She should be happy to be able to meet her family and get close to them, shouldn't that be the case." Why would she be so reluctant when her father was the one who is taking the initiative to get close to her?

I'm quite sure that she loves her father more than her mother or brother and I could tell she respects him to the point of worship.

"Majesty, I -" Eelk stopped and did not talk anymore. I glanced back at him for a second and turned back to peek into the Winters garden.

"What is it, tell me." I ordered leaving him no choice.

He was silent for a while before he inhaled deeply and started to talk, "Majesty, I will be a little impudent now when I tell my thoughts, please forgive me." Impudent?

I thought for a while and nodded, asking him to just tell his mind out. "Majesty, I apologize beforehand but you are still looking at everyone like they are your subject and you are their king. This is a different world and here, compassion rules. People here are emotional, judgmental, simple yet extravagant and most importantly, free-minded. Say, Lady Dawn's identity was wiped off from the existence and Winters doesn't remember her. She knew this and according to her, Winters are close to her son because he was cute and all but not because they are family."

"They are still getting close enough, shouldn't she be happy?"

"Majesty, she is scared!" Eelk exclaimed in exasperation.

Scared of what?

"When she first came back to her world, she lost the only hope she ever had; her family. Now that she saw them again, met them again, getting close to them again, she is scared that this might go adversely for her. She might not want to get happy because she fears that when she finally accepts them, something might happen and they might forget her again and all her hope will be shattered yet again. Lady Dawn is protecting herself from another breakdown. Her parents are now living in the same city as her, playing with her son, doing business with her; to be able to see them often and yet to pretend they have no relation with her must be tormenting, sir."

My body immediately went still after I heard Eelk. Indeed he was impudent but what he said is right.

He was right that Eblilis was an emotional person who attaches great importance to family and friends. For her to control herself and pretend to have no connection with the Winters must be -

She must've been truly scared for several possibilities!

As the realization dawned unto me, I couldn't help but feel even more terrible than before.

"It now depends on how the Winters handle it from their side and how the fate plays for everyone. Right now, all we can do is work on breaking the restrictions." After thinking for a while, I said in a rough tone.

Although what I said might sound a little heartless, I am also helpless here. This is also the first time that something was so out of my hands. So until I can make the take back the spell I casted on her identity, I cannot truly start on the path of redemption.

Until then, I can leave the rest to fates, who seems to love to play with me an Eblilis a lot.

"But Majesty, didn't you say the key to break the restriction might lie in young prince's hands?"

"According to what one of my ancestors wrote in his journals, the cause, effect and the solution is the same. Igses can use his powers freely, that means he might be the solution for breaking the restrictions. However, his powers are not trained or taught by us and his use of his powers depended on his own comprehension. In that case finding a solution from him has several variables attached to it." And there is also Eblilis.

As much as I don't want to think about it, this might also have something to do with Eblilis as well. It was unintentional on their part but the person who was born and fated to break us free might also have the influence of constricting our powers.

However, if my theory is right, then the restrictions on our powers are completely unintentional and even they might not know about it.

"Ah, this sounds so complicated. You decided to meet Lady Dawn only when you take the spell back and to do that the restrictions should break and for the restrictions to break away, we still have to meet Lady Dawn and young prince. This is truly an unsolvable knot, Majesty." True, it's tricky indeed!

"Let's still proceed with the original plan. We will try other means possible if any." After thinking for a while I waved my hand, gesturing him to leave.

I turned my attention to the neighbor garden again and saw that Mrs. Winters brought plates of some fruits and snacks and called for everyone to eat.

Igses forked fruit pieces first and dipped in chocolate before eating happily. The three Winters were so happy to see the little one eat heartily that Mrs. Winters even had tears in her eyes again.

I leaned a little close to the glass window and opened it slightly to hear what they are talking about. If it was a mortal then it would be impossible but my six senses are still heightened so I took the advantage of it.

"- beat him." Little girl Noemi said, grinning like a bandit.

"Idiot. I told you many times not to use your fist when things can go better by using brain." Igses reprimanded with an angry scoff causing Noemi to punch him on his arm.

"Alright, no fighting." Liam soon went between them and stopped them from fighting. Both Igses and Noemi glared at each other and turned their head in different directions.

That was really adorable to watch them like that. Anyone can see that even though both the kids are bickering, they are extremely close friends.

"Uncle Liam, my mamma create large buildings, what do you do?" Igses swallowed a piece of fruit and asked with a smile.

"I juat got into university; the classes will start in a month. I'm going for Sports Sciences and Management." Igses and Noemi looked clueless and scratched their heads in confusion.

"Uncle Liam can you please speak in English." Noemi asked making everyone laugh.

"I'm interested in Archery, I already won several district and state championships. I want to do it on a large scale now so this course helps me with in depth training and management abilities."

"Archery? Then can you also teach me? It sounds interesting." Igses pleaded with a flattering smile that made me choke on my saliva.

This little one, where did he learn such skills?

Liam, of course, without a doubt accepted eagerly and went on tell them what archery is about.

It was then when Liam was talking, Igses suddenly turned to where I was standing and looked pointedly at my window and turned back his attention to what Liam was saying.

For a moment there, I thought he saw me with how he accurately able to look right into my eyes. However, I was relieved that the window glass is black and no one can see in from out.

He must've just instinctively felt eyes on him. How can he see through a dark glass?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Don't you think Eelk learned well? Tzalmon is still on his high and mighty throne.

Will Tzalmon ever get as compassionate as he should be?

Is the time for Tzalmon to meet Acacia and Igses come?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 116
**Marcus Winters Point of View**

"This is my wife, Amber and my son Liam." I introduced while keeping a keen note on everyone's expressions.

While Amber and Liam are trying to control their pain and joy and contain them within themselves, Acacia looked rather melancholic and very polite.

Anyone can tell that she is trying hard to keep her cool and maintain a little psychological distance between her and us.

"I'm Acacia, n-nice to meet you both." Although the young lady stammered a little she was still able to keep up brave front and made everything look casual.

The sadness, loneliness and pain was clear in her eyes but on her face, there's only respect and joy. But then again, whenever one see Acacia, me and my wife together, even a blind can tell that we are related and she is our daughter; at least our niece if not.

My heart suffered piercing pain whenever I look at her or think of her. This daughter of mine, about whom we forgot, whose existence was wiped out all because of some selfish abnormal beings, what not she must've not gone through.

A tear rolled down my eyes when the struggle to keep her distance with us was getting apparent. I had always been a strong or to say, a hardheaded person my whole life. I hardly get emotional because I keep myself balanced always.

But this young lady who was abducted by such supernatural race to their realm, who lived in a haunted castle on an inhabited island alone, who got pregnant out of blue when she had no idea of what's going on, who had to grit her teeth and give birth to a baby alone in the castle she was imprisoned in, who was the only powerless mortal human between the realm of immortal mythical race, who was used and tested for her tolerance and patience every step she took, who had to look after her son alone and after finally escaping from that hell, her whole identity was wiped out from her own world and with nothing in hands, she had to feed herself and her son and provide for the both.

She was homeless and with a responsible of a child, I could not help but feel trembling anger to kill that bastard who caused this and burn him leaving nothing to bury.

No one should suffer something what Acacia has gone through! It was purely a hell.

"It must be because we share the same surname that I feel very close to you." My wife hugged Acacia tightly and let out few tears but wiped away secretly not make it obvious.

"Heh, why do I feel like I'm less loved here?" Igses exclaimed dramatically making everyone laugh. This lightened the atmosphere and everyone controlled themselves well.

"We love you the most, little one." I picked my grandson and hugged him in my arms. "Alright, let's go now. Ms. Acacia, do you mind if we take my car to travel?"

"No, please, in that case." She answered briefly with a small courteous smile and carried Noemi in her arms while I carried Igses.

The Kids zone market is only half an hour away considering the weekend traffic. It's a place where kids find their own heaven. Everything there is what children like, from toys to amusement rides and games, everything is for the children of age between zero to fifteen.

After we got inside, we found the place filled with children with their guardians, hopping and running all over the place.

"Where do you want to go first?" Acacia asked Igses and Noemi. The kids both discussed for a minute and decided to start their enjoyment from balls pool.

It was a huge play area with slides leading the children into poll of balls. We walked there and Acacia took the entry pass needed.

"You both, play carefully. Don't get hurt and if you are feeling uncomfortable anywhere, we will be sitting right there, call for us or you can also seek help from the staff around. Don't -" Acacia started but was cut off but the both little ones.

"We know, we know. Don't fight with anyone."

"Don't go anywhere without informing."

"Don't go to toilets alone."

"Don't eat anything that strangers give you."

"Don't cause trouble."

"You have to look after yourself and your friend as well."

"Remember, you both are a team so stick together."

"If you are thirsty or hungry, just give a call and it will be arranged." I, along with all the adults had a very hard time controlling our laughter when both Igses and Noemi went one after other in perfect sync while they listed down all the precautions without a slightest hitch.

I looked at Acacia and found her pressing her lips trying to glare at the kids but a smile was clearly present on her face.

Seeing her smile genuinely, I felt a little relieved. It's a relief that when there was no one with her, she still had her son. Although he was only a baby and a huge responsibility on her shoulders, it was also her driving force to move forward.

I'm so proud of her.

"Alright, go." She smacked both the kids heads and sent them off to play while we four went to the seating area and found an empty table to occupy.

We ordered some drinks and sat down silently, everyone with thinking what to talk. It was then Liam took the responsibility and tried to start a conversation.

"Since we share same household name, we can be considered relatives, can I call you Acacia?" Liam asked to which Acacia nodded without any hesitation.

"Acacia, Igses told us a lot about you. He said you started ID Designs firm from the scratch? Is it true?"

"He is exaggerating. It was actually Aviva and I both founded it together." She replied humbly.

"But still to start a firm and bring it to such a level in a short period of time, clearly you know what you are doing and you are proficient in it."

"It's nothing. How is your archery practice going on?" She asked casually taking a sip of her drink.

"I will be going to university soon so there might be better opportunities then. Igses told be that you started to teach the kids how to hold a bow." As she said, the air around started to get a little comfortable slowly.

Acacia is slightly relaxed!

"You know what, the university will definitely teach you all the theoretical and other stuff and will provide you with some good opportunities but if you can also take a membership pass in Tucson stadium and practice there. You will have a set of coaches there and you will also be able to meet some good competitors." Liam nodded gratefully and immediately took out his phone to look for information on Tucson stadium.

Acacia went back to keeping an eye on the kids quietly. Sometimes, when either of the kids fall a little recklessly, she would flinch but did not go up to help.

"So, Ms. Acacia, what are your hobbies?" Amber strike a casual conversation.

"Umm, I usually have my hands full with work and Igses but when I do like books."

"Really? My husband loves reading too. He almost drives me crazy with all those books he buy every often. What is your favorite book then?"

"I mostly read those related to my profession however, I do like 'Between the world and me' by Ta-Nehisi Coates."

"I know this book. I saw Marcus read this a couple of times." She said and shared a smile with me.

"I know. It's his favorite too." Acacia spoke out instinctively without thinking and suddenly realized she has over spoken.

Hearing her, I and Amber were both surprised and happy. However we pretended not to hear it and asked her to repeat as we did not hear her. She brushed it off saying she was just surprised that someone shares same book interest as her.

"I heard from Aviva that your family is from Charleston? How is it there? I heard it's a beautiful place."

"Beautiful, indeed. Have you never been to Charleston?" I probed.

"N-no." Although she stuttered, she was still said it firmly. As if, she was trying to make herself believe her own answer.

"I see. You should visit the city once. The people there are very hospitable and the weather is quite pleasant." I could only smile and let her off this time. This young lady is too guarded, not to forget she is also an over thinker.

However, it is understandable given her circumstances.

"Right, I heard Igses say that there are only you both in the family? What about your parents and family?" I braved out this question despite of knowing that it would hurt her a lot because I want to know where we stand in her life to know how we can get closer and sooth the pain simultaneously.

Acacia went still for a moment, variety of emotions playing on her face. She thought carefully for a moment and said something that gave us a little hope.

"We lost contact when I was a child. They - don't know about me anymore." Although the answer showed us a little hope, we still couldn't help but feel extremely pained.

It was then that my resolution strengthened a lot more.

I will unite our family soon, child. Don't worry; your dad will make everything alright!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Marcus is slowly trying to bond with his daughter. 

Will Winters family manage to resolve Acacia's insecurities?

Will Acacia open up to her family again? 

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 117
**Acacia Point of View**

I don't know what kind of sin I ever committed to be tortured like this.

Was it not enough for the Gods to take my family away from me? Now they want to see me suffer by sending them back, but as strangers.

Why?

Whatever my mistake was for the heavens to punish me like this?

"That's sad. I pray, you get your family back." Mom said with a sigh full of pity, sympathy and many more emotions that I couldn't tell.

I just gave her a courteous smile and did not reply back. My eyes found the two small bodies in the pool of balls, as they were playing happily.

Looking at Igses, I couldn't help but feel sad that my son could not experience the warmth of a family that I did. His only family was me and to be honest, I know, in some corner of his heart, he wants to have uncles, aunts, grandparents just like Noemi.

He might not tell me or show it but I know the reason he got too close to dad, mom and Liam is because he wanted to feel the same warmth that Noemi feels and because Igses has blood relation with my family, he is unconsciously drawn to them.

He is trying to make up with what he was missing by accepting mom, dad and Liam. Thinking about this, I couldn't help but tear up again.

"You know, your son will be fine." It was after hearing mom's words did I realize that I was crying. I forgot the place and people I was with and tear up with my own thoughts.

I immediately wiped away my tears and looked at the three who were looking at me affectionately. "I know. He has always been amazing, never making things hard for me." I somehow know that mom's previous statement had several meanings in it.

"Sometimes, I feel like he would've been happier if he was born somewhere else." I didn't know what came over me but when I saw mom and dad looking at me with those familiar affectionate and loving gazes, I couldn't help but speak my heart out.

"Not really. I don't know what happened between you and someone else but as much I've talked to you and known you from the past few encounters, I think Igses is perfect as your son as you are perfect for him. I can see that he is your source of strength and he loves you more than anything." Dad's words comforted me a little.

They did not ask about Igses father till no so I think the must've assumed that something bad happened and it's a forbidden topic.

This is good too. At least things won't get as deep as I don't want them to be.

"Thank you. I'm sorry I just got emotional out of nowhere." I said as I suddenly stood up and went to the food counter to order some food for everyone and some fresh juice for the kids.

After getting the token from them, I went back to my seat, waiting for the bell call. "Sorry, the kids have been playing for half an hour now, they will soon come up here complaining about how hungry they are and how they cannot wait to eat a whole mountain of food."

"No problem. So, young lady, what did you do before ID Designs was founded?" Feeling a little relaxed now, I just considered it as a casual chat and replied back.

"For a year plus some months, I worked in Power Architects, first as an intern, then became an assistant architect and then as a proper architect in one of their teams. Before that, I - I was new to the city and country so I just did some odd jobs." It's good that they don't remember me, or else, their hearts would've been broken.

"That sounds pretty good. But doesn't a company need a lot of investment to start up? You saved your earnings from your jobs?" Liam asked as if he was suddenly interested in it.

"With a child, how can I save up so much? The little savings I had, I invested them in stocks, played a little in shares market. Fortunately I was able make some profits there so I continued and on the side, I also got into some post office and bank schemes. The interest rates were good so I tried my hand which fortunately worked out well. Not to forget the bonuses I got from few projects I worked on, they made up half the capital while Aviva filled up the other half."

They were hardest days of my life here but still, I was able to overcome because here, in this world, my life is not at the mercy of someone else. I was able to live my life on my own rules so it was still bearable.

Thankfully, there was still Aviva. Although she was from a wealthy family, she wanted to do something by herself without her family's help. We both first met when I was doing a part time in a boutique and she was there as a customer.

She was having a bad day that day and for unknown reason, we bickered with each other over simple and unreasonable things. Then we met again for a few more times, we bickered and slowly got to know each other.

It was good that she's a person with good morals so we soon clicked well; enough to trust each other.

And she was the only person who knows everything about me. Although she did not believe me in the beginning, when Igses started to manifest his powers, she finally believed me.

On the basis of emotional bond, our friendship then turned into sisterhood. She truly helped me so much with moral support.

"Hey, dad said that these days most people are not interested in post office and bank schemes?"

"Not all, Liam. There is couple of those schemes that sometimes only targeted to women, single mothers and the likes. Those particular schemes give good earnings whatsoever." I nodded to what dad said.

There are indeed monetary and gold schemes that targeted women.

"I was also a little lucky with share market trading. The profits from it gave me a firm financial stability."

"And now you are rich." Liam, when are going to learn how to say things properly?

"Not rich, but good enough." I replied humbly with a smile.

"You don't take his straightforward words to heart dear. We had him many years after marriage so he is a little spoiled." There was that endearment 'dear', which used to use in the past.

For a moment there, I was filled with overwhelming emotions caused by several memories. Not to forget how she said she had Liam late and he was their only child, it hurt me.

Although they now don't know me, it hurts and this is one of the reasons I'm hesitant to get close to them.

I know I will get hurt many more times in the future.

"Not at all." I replied simply.

They must've noticed the change in me so they went silent for few minutes. I know they are, for some reason, feeling awkward and surprisingly, sad too.

Luckily, the two mischievous ones ran to where we are sitting, complaining about how thirsty and hungry they are.

Right on time, the bell rang and my token number was called out. Liam helped me bring the food to the table. I first served food to the kids and got mom, dad and Liam their favorites before waiting for the kids to finish their food.

"Will you not eat?" Liam asked as he stuffed food into his mouth. This brother of mine did not change at all.

He is still the food vacuum of the house.

"I'll start with the leftover from Igses plate. This little guy is greedy for food just like someone I knew from before but he cannot finish what is in his plate." I teased my son and heard a huff from him.

It was actually two huffs, one from Igses and one from Liam, the greedy someone I was referring to.

I don't know why he huffed but it felt... home!

"Aunt Dawn, can I please have chocolate milk?"

"I want blueberry milk." Noemi and Igses asked. I nodded and went on to get them drinks in normal temperature.

"Eat slowly. No one is stealing your food here." I chided, wiping their mouth with tissues and helping him with eating.

"We still have to go and play other games. We are in a hurry, mamma."

"We'll visit again frequently, what is there to be so rushed about. Eat slowly or I'm taking you both back." They went into their obedient mode when they saw my glare.

"I want to buy, dolls."

"No, we will buy cars and doctor play set and -" And so, they both started to quarrel about what toys they should get.

I sighed and did not stop their fun but when I raised my head, I saw mom and dad looking at me proudly.

That expression was familiar and comforting, but coming from them at this point of time is a little strange.

What are they proud about?

Why are they being so nice to me? I understand that my whole family likes kids so being nice to Igses and Noemi is not odd.

But mom and dad are strange behaving too familiar and close from the first time we met. This is odd!

I don't doubt that they know who I am because there is no way they would remember me. If so, they why can I see some surprising emotions coming from them?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

I really hope that Winters and Acacia's friends remember her again.

Aviva is an amazing friend, isn't she?

Winters are playing it safe and simple now, yet, Acacia is doubtful. Will she find out?

Time for Acacia and Tzalmon to meet again has come. Are you excited?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim
**

###chapter 118
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"Who exactly are you?" This is not something I planned for to happen.

Not at least this early!

Not at least in this manner!

I looked down into the inquisitive cautious eyes and couldn't help feel warm and fuzzy in my heart.

"You should first introduce yourself when you meet someone elder to you, kid." Although there were many thoughts and emotions ranging from negative to positive running inside my mind, I still couldn't help but enjoy the sudden flare of teasing that erupted inside me.

"When someone comes to other's house as a guest, they should first introduce themselves before asking for the person they want to meet and the telling the purpose of visit." Such sharp tongue!

No wonder!

He truly got the best mannerisms from his mother and me. The little one was raised really well. For his age, he is cautious and mature beyond his age.

"I'm called Tzalmon and I'm here to meet Mr. Marcus Winters. He works in my company and I'm here to talk about some impending business. Now can you please let me inside?"

I didn't know that the little kid was visit his grandparents today, otherwise, I wouldn't have come to talk to Winters so blatantly. Business was just an excuse though, what I want to know was more about Eblilis and my son.

Who would've thought that my son, the young prince of my kingdom was here, keeping me out of the main door and interrogating me like a professional law enforcer?

However, this also caused me to smile a little more.

Igses only opened the door a little that could only fit his small body and looked up at me with narrowed eyes.

"Your identity card please." He asked and for a moment there, I was startled.

But then again, when I thought about Eblilis, I was not surprised anymore. She is indeed a kind of woman who would raise such an outstanding child; responsible, cautious and matured.

So, without arguing with the little guy, I pulled out my wallet and showed him my identity card, my driver's license and a copy of my passport front page which usually is filled with details of the concerned person.

After looking at the details and checking that the person in the picture on those cards and the person standing before him is the same, he nodded and opened the door wider for me.

With a concealed smile, I put my cards back into my pocket and followed him inside. It was only when I lost four plus years of Igses life that I understood how much of longing I have for him.

Back in the kingdom, although he was with Eblilis in another province, far from me, I could still go and look for him whenever I wanted. Also, since they were in my territory, I was assured.

Now that I missed such precious and most important time of Igses growth, I feel at lost. I know I truly lost some good times and good memories but cannot help with the situation anymore.

"Don't you have school today?" I asked as I followed him into the living room.

He pointed towards the couch and gestured me to take a seat while he responded. "One of the founders of the school is no more." He answered briefly with a shrug and the unanswered part, I filled it up myself.

Ah, so they declared a holiday for the day since their founder was dead.

"Grandpa, your boss is here to talk to you." He hopped on the stairs and ran towards a certain room upstairs as he called out for Mr. Winters loudly.

Loud enough to be heard from the next door!

A moment later, Mr. Winters came out and walked down towards me with a frown, an ugly frown. But when he saw his grandson hopping around with a rabbit beside him, he covered up his displeasure and showed me a blank expression.

"Mr. Ebernus." He nodded and sat opposite to me. "Igses, why don't you check out the puzzles I got for you? They are in Uncle Liam's room." Igses nodded and ran upstairs without looking back.

"My son, he is smart." I smiled proudly as I stared at the disappearing figure.

"You purpose of visit?" My father-in-law asked in a harsh tone. I realized that the more they were getting close to Eblilis and Igses, the more their hatred for me is increasing.

I could only sigh and comfort myself that I should take it one step at a time.

"Mrs. Winters?"

"She now has a job. She applied in ID Designs and got the job as Insurance executive and into customer services." Now, this is news to me.

Mrs. Winters applied for ID Designs was alright but from what Eelk said about Eblilis' insecurities regarding getting close to her parents and her own temper, she accepted her mother to work in her company which advocate constant contact with each other?

"Alright. We can proceed with the resort project with ID Designs."

"I've already informed Normann to send the corresponding email to them. We will sit for an initial discussion in two days." I nodded.

"How is she?" I collected all the courage I have and asked. Instantly, the nonchalant expression on his face transformed into a dangerous one.

If he wasn't my father-in-law, I wouldn't have had this - something close to fear.

"Very happy. It's all thanks to you that she had a smooth life and knew nothing but smiles." This father-in-law of mine has started to get sarcastic meant only one thing; nothing was going in my favor.

"Father-in-law, please understand where I was coming from as well. I promise that in future, I will keep her and Igses safe and happy." I said with a depressed sigh with a hint of hope in it.

"Trust you? I wouldn't be such a fool. Forget about my daughter and grandson. You should work on getting our memories back first. No, actually, you don't have to. I think even without memories relating to my daughter, my family will still get united one day soon." I ignored his rejection for now.

"About the memories, the way to get my powers back may lie in Acacia and Igses. It seems like I have to finally brave it out and come face to face with her." This caused Mr. Winters body to storm out a strong murderous aura.

It was so strong that I was startled that a mortal human to give out such strong resentful aura.

"So what now? You want to capture her again and imprison her somewhere again to break those restrictions just like how you did before?" He shot up from his seat and panted in anger.

I realized that my words came out in a wrong way and were misunderstood. So I calmed myself and stood up in a composed manner.

"No. You misunderstood me, father-in-law. This time, I want to get my family back in a right manner. I realized that cause of the restriction might be because of the resentment that Acacia had for me and my people which also affected Igses. That should've caused the powers restriction accidentally." I explained patiently.

"So you want to get them back for your selfish reason?" He roared.

Fudging Heavens! He misunderstood me again!

"You got me wrong again, father-in-law. Why would I put so much effort, why would I reveal my own stupidity to you all despite knowing the obvious about how much you all will hate me? Why would I do everything in power to unite you all and Acacia? I truly wish for her best and nothing but the best. I know my mistakes and I truly want to amend them." I told him in a desperate attempt to show my sincerity.

If I were a father to a girl who went through hell of a change, I would be the same, if not even worse.

However, I do want to settle the whole issue perfectly and not leave any shortcomings from any angle and to do that, I need Winters family acknowledgement and support.

Shush! It's going to take a long time!

"Make no mistake, I only agreed to go through with your plans because I and my family want our memories back. However, they are back or not, I will never accept you for my daughter." I can see where Eblilis got her stubbornness.

Both the father and daughter are too persistent!

"After signing the contract with ID Designs, I will introduce her to you as my boss. You better behave well or King or even God, you will die in my hands." I specifically ignored the warning part for now and sighed in relief when he decided to make the process easier for me.

So I nodded gratefully and told him a few more details about the current issue.

"Grandpa, can we go and pick up Uncle Liam from his university? It's his first day today, I want to give him cheers." Just as we were about to wrap up our discussion, Igses came down and asked Mr. Winters in a fawning manner as he batted his lashes adorably.

Mr. Winters seemed to control his laughter and nodded his head in agreement as he smiled down at my son.

"Yayy, Mamma gave me some money, let me get it so we can have ice cream." He ran somewhere but halfway through, he suddenly stopped and turned back to look at me with a certain seriousness on his face.

"As a gentleman, I hope you don't peep into others houses the next time." With a hint of warning, my little boy said gravely making me go still.

So he saw me the other day!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Tzalmon finally came face to face with his son in an unexpected way.

Your views on their first encounter?

Who agree with me that Acacia raised a wonderful son?

Who agree that if Igses were to be raised by Tzalmon, he wouldn't be this wonderful?

Marcus Winters, although angry, agreed to Tzalmon's request. Do you understand his desperation to retain back their memories of their daughter?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 119
**Acacia Point of View**

"Your what?"

"My father." Viva choked on what she was drinking and almost went breathless for more than a minute.

Her eyes went so wide when staring at me that a perspective mind can already see the nerves behind the eyeballs.

However, her exaggerated expressions did not end there. She clicked her tongue and dozen times to feel the pain to believe that what she heard was right and real.

"So that's why," She spoke slowly as she calmed down and looked at me thoughtfully.

"That's why I behaved oddly the other day in the meeting with Thunders' CFO?" I asked. She nodded first then shook her head then nodded again.

"Yes that too. But I was more surprised about how Igses is rather close to Mr. Winters and his family and how Mr. Winters is always so focused on Igses." She said as if she was calculating something.

"Dad loves kids a lot. It's not just dad but our whole family loves them." I shrugged.

"No, Dawn, what I meant is, Mr. Marcus was a bit solely interested in Igses. Until now, I thought it was because of Igses' cuteness the mystical charm he has around him but now I think otherwise." Now, this caught my attention.

Aviva is the only person I share all my thoughts and secrets with and she is the only person who knows everything about me. Now that she said that my dad's interest Igses might be due some other reason, I gave it a genuine thought.

Because, Aviva has the most observant person I've ever known. Although my talent in Architecture is stronger, her observant and decision making skills are top notch.

If she said something, then be it true or not, it deserves a careful thought.

"Viva, you know that my family, friends and in fact this whole world forgot about me. What reason might be for my dad get close to Igses?" I'm sure there's none who remembers me till this date.

Viva pondered on it for a while and I quietly sat there waiting for her to speak. "Are you really sure they don't have any memories of you, now?"

"Wouldn't the first thing they do after getting back their memories would be coming to me and asking what happened?" Although what I said makes sense and true, my past few encounters with dad, mom and Liam made me get a little suspicious.

They don't have any memories of me, but the way they behaved like I was their own daughter was indeed a little strange.

I mean, I am their daughter really, they remember or not, but they were never the kind who get close to just anyone.

My family, including me, love our private space. We are humble, friendly with everyone and kind but we don't just allow anyone into our home and our private space. Our home is sacred to us that we cherish a lot.

Dad, mom and Liam not only allowed Igses to their home, they are also acting as guardians in my absence. If it was someone else, then I would've scolded Igses for trusting strangers but since it's my own family, I didn't bother much.

However, the matter of allowing him and me into their home is weird.

"Say, what if they do remember you but didn't reveal it due to some other reasons?" My heart stopped for a moment before I realized what Viva said might not be possible.

"Then what about my classmates and friends? In that case, they should've done something like looking for me or at least in case they think I died, they must've at least taken to social media to express their grief or something." I and my best friends were like peas in a pod, if they remember me back then on the account of their misunderstanding about me drowning in the sea, they should take it to their social media.

"What you said makes sense but what happened with you in the past is not in the perimeter of common sense, right? Forget about your friends but I seriously think your family's behavior towards you is different."

True that!

"You think they know me?" I asked, a little apprehensive, a little happy and yet a little worried.

Viva looked at me seriously and nodded without any hesitation. "For now, there are three obscure possibilities. One, they remember everything, they show it or not. Two, they don't remember but they somehow know the relation between you and them. Three, like they say blood calls out for blood, your meeting with them is truly a coincidence and their interest in you and Igses might be a part of it as well."

Obscure, undeniably!

But, her three theories do have some weight. Although the weight of coincidence is more, I still don't believe in such a sudden coincidence.

If I put the theory of coincidence aside, the other two are truly vague ideas however, whatever I saw and experienced in that world told me otherwise.

If I didn't experience something supernatural, I would've truly gone with the coincidence theory.

"Putting aside the coincidence aside, if they remember you, why are they trying to get close to you and Igses in such a way without telling you the truth? If they don't remember and still know about you, then how would they know about you?" As if reading my mind, she said exactly what I was wondering.

But what scared me the most was the second theory. How would they know about me if they have no memories of me?

Of all the possibilities related to that theory, one that scared me the most was -"

"Do you think -" A shiver went down my spine and a storm was going on in the pit of my stomach.

Viva hugged me tightly and patted my back, "We don't know yet what was happening so don't get to any conclusions. Remember Dawn, you will not go to that hellish place again. I will not let it happen."

As warm and assured I felt by her words, I cannot erase the terrifying idea of him -

No, he can't be here. It can't be the case.

But what if -

"Something is not right. I can feel it, Viva." My hands shivered. I looked at Viva and kept on telling her that something was not right.

"Calm down, Dawn. F**king calm down." No matter what she said, it did not enter my ears. My mental breakdown is getter better of me and all the emotions that I worked so hard on to bury inside me in some dark corner started to come out one after the other.

"Dawn, Dawn, listen to me, the meeting between you and your family might really be a coincidence. If not, they the matter about them possibly knowing who you are despite of lack of memories might have a simple reason that does not include - him. It can't be that he himself will go to them and tell them the truth, can that happen?" I looked blankly at her and when her words started to register in my head, I slowly mulled over what she said.

It can't be that he himself will go to them and tell them the truth, can that happen?

Likely not!

"It doesn't have to be the exact case. But what if he is going to come here? Or what if he is already " This, Viva has no answer for.

And I know as much as she wanted to convince me about the zero possibility, she also knew what I said made sense.

And the anxiety from before came back. What if he is coming here?

Something is definitely wrong here. It makes sense now; the often feeling of being watched that I casually brushed off; it might be -

Is he here already?

Not he can't be. I was slowly but finally leaving that horrible past behind. He can't be here now!

Not now of all times!

What if he uses his powers to take me and Igses away, back to his world? I will have to lose everything again.

I will have to suffer again and with Igses in between will also suffer.

The way I escaped from there, what if he comes at me for revenge? Will I be imprisoned in the lonely empty castle again?

No, no, please God, don't let that be the case.

Anxiety attacked me to its full capacity and all sorts of possible and impossible ideas started to fill my mind. As those ideas expanded, my breath became heavier.

Viva was trying calm me down but by now I started to forget where I was and who was with me. I was slowly drowning into my own anxiety world.

My hands and feet are cold but my forehead produced beads of sweat. My heart beat was ringing in my ears and it was beating very fast.

The breathlessness was making me dizzy and so my eyes started to get blurry. I was about to go unconscious when I suddenly my mind and heart was not chaotic anymore. I was slowly calming down and realizing my surroundings again.

It was only after several minutes after then that I understood that my head was hugged by someone and the hands are petting my head softly.

"Shh, mamma, you are alright. Calm down. I'm here, don't worry."

That voice, those words, that small body and little arms finally calmed me completely.

Igses is here.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Acacia and Aviva are so close to the truth. Will Acacia have an unexpected encounter?

Aviva's situation analysis is truly good. You agree?

Who want Igses? Isn't he the most adorable and reliable kid?

Acacia's fear is not unreasonable. Right?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 120
**Tzalmon Point of View**

My eyes sparkled at the little figure who was trying to maintain his horse stance after being in the position for ten minutes.

The little girl beside him is in a position which is nowhere near a horse stance but telling everyone how good she was after all.

I chuckled out when I saw my son roll his eyes at his best friend's unstoppable boasting about fitness. On the other hand, Igses was drenched in sweat but still he is still persisting on it. His eyes looked like lava of determination; a silent promise of something was shining in them.

"That's enough, young master, you should not push yourself too much." Azar coaxed Igses in a gentle tone but the child is too blinded by his persistence that he did not answer and continued to maintain his position on his small shaky legs.

"He isn't like this always, is he?" I stared at him through the glass window from outside the practice room, waiting for Gyles to answer.

"He was always passionate but not to this extreme. He has been this way from the past six days." Did something happen?

I knew that the little guy was a carefree person even when he was learning something seriously. Gyles and Azar has notified about it several time in the past. However, today, my son seems to be trying to strengthen himself quickly for some reason.

"He has been asking Azar to teach him some powerful moves after the class was over." Hmm?

"Did something happen to her?" Gyles shook his head and confirmed that nothing unexpected took place with Eblilis from the reports of our spies we received recently.

Then what might be the reason?

"Alright. Let me talk to him." I walked inside and saw the child, who was completely drenched in his own sweat. Several droplets are forming on his forehead and trailed through his face and fell down.

"This is not the way how you become strong." I commented. Igses only glanced at me once and went back to focus on what he was doing.

"Igses, stop this right now or you will hurt yourself." My voice got a little serious but I still made sure I spoke gently.

"No, I need to become strong." He panted.

"And you will. But you cannot become strong overnight. It's a gradual process that takes time and effort." I crouched in front of him, pulled out my handkerchief from my pocket and wiped his face with it.

"Get up now. I promise your training teacher will give you extra lessons." He still did not move and only shook his head negatively.

Instead of getting angry, I was actually worried about the situation that made him like this. It seems like something definitely happened and if my intuition is right, it is related to Eblilis.

Given how overly protective he is of his mother, he must be doing this for his mother's sake.

"No, my training teacher will only follow he schedule." He spoke softly, giving Azar a brief glance.

"I'm his boss. I own this academy; he will do as I say. I will order him to teach you extra moves if you promise you will not act on impulse." Igses did not answer immediately. He frowned at me and looked like was doubting my words.

"Alright you don't believe me; it's okay. You believe your grandpa right. He also works here under me. Your grandpa will make sure Azar teaches you well. You believe him right?" I tried to convince him as I proceeded to wipe his face.

"Devil, stand up. You are scaring me. We will definitely get strong and -" Noemi poked Igses arm and said but was cut off by Igses.

Noemi seems like she realized something and closed her mouth. I raised my brow at Noemi and she avoided it rather skillfully given her small age.

"Noemi." Igses said in a small tone but Noemi got the message.

"Teacher A said having a strong body is the first step to learn fighting arts. I need to practice this anyway." Saying, he continued in his horse stance.

One can clearly see that his legs and body are shaking like withered fallen leaves.

What might have caused him to be so extremely stubborn?

"That's right, child. I will make certain that your teacher teaches you for an extra hour. Stop being stubborn now." Turning towards the door, Mr. Winters was standing there with a frown.

He walked towards Igses and picked him up made him sit on the floor forcefully. Igses struggled to free himself but what is his strength again a man?

"Igses, enough." Mr. Winters' tone turned stern and Igses immediately stopped struggling.

After putting him down on the floor in a sitting position, Mr. Winters threw me one of his usual glares and sat before Igses, offering him glass of lemonade he got for the kid.

"Drink this first." He handed over a glass each to Igses and Noemi. Noemi drank it wordlessly while Igses only drank it after seeing a warning stare from Mr. Winters.

Mr. Winters waited patiently until Igses completed his drink. One done, he passed a small towel to both the children and asked them to wipe themselves while Mr. Winters started to massage Igses legs gently.

"I don't know what made you go so severe but you should know that if something happens to you, your mamma will lose everything as well. You get hurt and she will feel the pain. You better think about her before you take such severe decisions." Mr. Winters said as he continued to massage Igses legs and feet.

Igses had his head down and did not say anything for a long time, "I'm doing this for mamma." He whispered so softly that even with heightened hearing, I had difficulty to catch it.

However, Mr. Winters were observing Igses very keenly and understood what he said. The old man's eyes went stormy and the air around us got constricted. His anger could be felt in the atmosphere.

However, his anger was directed towards me and I mouthed him that I did not do anything and have no idea what happened at all.

"Good. But everything has a limit and you should never cross it; not at your age at least. Am I understood?" He pinned his solemn eyes on my son. After a minute of considerate silence, Igses nodded obediently.

"Now, go and change into your casual clothes both of you." Noemi went into the girls washroom and Igses walked into boys washroom in slow steps.

It can be seen that he was having trouble walking due to the aches. My heart felt trouble and pained when I saw the little boy who was doing everything he can to protect his mother.

He has always been subconsciously very protective of his mother from the day he was born. However, this is a little extreme now. I know the little boy was happy go carefree person but when it comes to his mother, he was like a porcupine who was protecting her under him.

When both the kids went into their respected washrooms, Mr. Winters turned to me and asked what happened.

"Mr. Winters, I really don't know. You must've got the report that the kid has been like this for almost a week now."

"I swear if whatever happened has something to do you, I will make your life a living hell." I cannot even get angry because for some unknown reason even I have an intuition that it must be indirectly related to me.

I just stood there speechless and nodded curtly. Twenty minutes later, the kids came out, showered and changed into fresh clothes. It was good that we got some trusted nannies to work here for the kids in case they need a hand of help with anything.

Fortunately, After training lessons, the kids preferred showering immediately and the nannies came in hand.

"Will Teacher A really give me extra lessons?" Igses eyes drooped in sadness when he looked at Mr. Winters and me and asked.

"Yes he will. As long as you won't take it far with your practice, he will give you an hour of extra classes. But you have to promise me that you will not do something as mad as what you did earlier at home." I took the chance and promised him.

Igses nodded curtly and looked at Mr. Winters silently, waiting for his promise as well. "Don't you trust this grandpa anymore?" The old man was now smiling at Igses affectionately which caused Igses to smile back at him slightly and nodded his head.

"Good. Now let's get you something to eat. Didn't you say your mamma will be busy until evening and your Aunt Viva will come to look after you? I'll call her and inform her that you will be with be with me for few hours." Igses nodded and did not say anything.

One thing is clear, Igses seems extremely sad and by the aura he is emitting, it has hints of raw anger in it.

At such a young age, he was able to control such anger was truly commendable. Truth to be told, even I was not this composed when I was his age.

"How about I join you for some snacks? I know this small place that has good food and drinks." While Mr. Winters and Igses said 'No' in one voice, Noemi yelled out a 'yes' loudly, overpowering their 'no'.

And so, my first date with my son started like that.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Igses was so disturbed by his mother's anxiety attack that he start to train harder.

Do you think Marcus's method of being stern with Igses is good?

Do you think Igses is somehow, for some reason, wary of Tzalmon?

What will happen when the little boy learns about his relation with Tzalmon?

What will happen when he will come to know that his mother's sufferings are all caused by his father?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 121
**Tzalmon Point of View**

Even with constant efforts from Marcus Winters, Igses mood did not get better. It was as if he was in a crazy mode right now and he was too persistent.

It was almost to the point of craziness.

However, Mr. Winters did pacify the kid to a certain extent. But that doesn't mean Igses was completely back to normal; he was much calmer now, that's it.

But, Marcus Winters was completely disturbed by the sudden change in Igses. Not only him but even I couldn't guess what exactly happened for the little boy to become like the he is now.

I thought that the first date with my son would be at least alright but it was just filled with deadly silence and nothing came out of it. He hardly touched a morsel of food and wasn't interested in toys or anything that Mr. Winters and I tried to lure him with.

His mood was just so solid that made me and Mr. Winters extremely worries.

It has been two days since then; Igses is attending extra classes and is practicing crazily. Finally after Mr. Winters asked why he wanted to be strong quickly and his answer was short and precise.

To protect his mother.

That made everything clear that something indeed happened with Eblils.

The kid must've told Mr. Winters the reason behind his unusual mood that Mr. Winters is giving me cold glares these past two days.

It can't be because of me, right?

I didn't even show myself before her yet, how could I be the reason?

Sigh! This is just getting too messy.

"Majesty, everything is arranged well." Gyles reported as he followed me to the meeting room. I hummed in response and stopped by the closed door.

I closed my eyes and tried to compose the thoughts in my mind before walking inside. Inside the room is Mr. Winters, with people from ID Designs, particularly Eblilis.

She is here.

"Sir." Gyles stood by my side and opened the door for me.

With a heavy sigh, I slowly walked inside the meeting hall that was filled with several voices talking and sometimes, chuckling as well.

The moment I stepped inside, the whole room fell silent. Mr. Winters who was sitting at the head of the table stood up and this caused the person next to him to stop what she was talking.

Eblilis.

This was the first time after such a long time that I'm seeing her close; this close. She was here, smiling gracefully as she talked with people around her.

The movement from Mr. Winters stopped her and when she raised her head and saw Mr. Winters looking at me, she slowly turned her head to the direction where her father was looking.

The moment her eyes met mine, all the memories from the past few years she was in my kingdom raced back in my mind. From the moment she stepped on the island to the moment she jumped into the portal with Igses, everything reeled in my head over and over again clearly.

The more the scenes came to my mind, the more I felt guilty, somewhat ashamed of myself.

Ashamed because there was once when I thought I fell in love with her but looking at it now again, my love was truly a poison for her.

Her eyes that caught me slowly crinkled and a painful look appeared on her face. She gaped at me as if she was having a nightmare. She keep shaking her head to herself muttering 'not real' like a chant.

Mr. Winters and Aviva Fortune noticed this and was pained by her sudden anxious state.

"Acacia dear, come on let me introduce the man behind Thunders' and Vaettir Industries; Tzalmon Saccius Ebernus." Mr. Winters, although sounded enthusiastic, there was obvious hints of suppressed anger and nervousness.

Aviva observed Eblilis reactions and suddenly sent out the other members of the meeting leaving only Mr. Winters, herself, Eblilis, me and Gyles.

Aviva walked to the frozen Acacia and shook her gently as she hugged her tightly. Aviva looked to be in fear and the way Eblilis was so still, looking at me like she has lost her mind, even me and Mr. Winters were scared.

"Eblilis." I whispered as I took a step towards her. She suddenly stood up and ran to me in a crazed pace and before I could do or say anything, I was slapped hard on both of my cheeks.

"You - you are not here right? This should be one of my nightmares again. She took a few steps back and slapped herself in an attempt to wake herself up.

There was no saying that it pained every one of us seeing her like that.

"No, this is a nightmare. That animal is not here. He is not here. This is just my illusion." She looked down at floor and shook her head continuously as she kept muttering to herself.

Tears flowed down her eyes with no stop and her previous relaxed expression was not there anymore.

Right now, she looked like someone who was tortured and pained for a long time which left an inerasable trauma.

"Eblilis," I took a small step towards her. Hearing me call her, she raised her head to look at me which was now filled with panic, pain, fear and mostly raw fierce anger and despise.

She pounced on me and caught me by my collar and slapped me again and again, "Why are you here? Why? Is there still something that you have to destroy?" She shook me by my collar and cried.

"I'm here for you and our son -" Before I could complete, I was slapped again, this time even harder. However, I'm not angry.

I cannot be angry. This is something I brought it upon myself. I have no right to be angry at her.

"Don't you dare! Don't you dare take my son's name from your filthy mouth! He is my son, he and I have nothing to do with you." She shouted as tears rolled down her eyes without a stop.

"Dawn?" Aviva held Eblilis by her shoulder and supported her shaking body.

"Viva, Viva, this man -" Eblilis fell down as if she has no strength in her legs and pointed her accusing finger at me.

"This man is a jerk, an animal. He was the one who -" Eblilis breath got harder and she started to gasp for air. Mr. Winters and I immediately shot to her to comfort her.

Mr. Winters was able to hold her tightly and pat her back while she stopped me from coming closer. "Don't even think about coming any closer to me or my son." She said with difficulty while she was trying to breath in air.

"Shh, calm down dear. You are alright. Everything will be fine. Calm down and take a deep breath." Eblilis looked at Mr. Winters with desolated eyes.

"Dad, you don't know. He is not a good person. It's because of him I lost everything. I lived in fear, humiliation and hopelessness. I was vulnerable and lost my freedom, my friends; I even lost you all. It's all because of him." My eyes went moist after hearing what she said.

She forgot that Winters family cannot remember her but she is still complaining to Mr. Winters. She is truly in a vulnerable state of mind right now.

Aviva was looking at me with shock, anger and newly found hate while Mr. Winters has his complete attention on Eblilis. He is crying as well but all at the same time trying to comfort Eblilis as well.

"Lady Dawn, how dare you talk to Majesty in such a tone?" Gyles, who was calm until now, roared at her.

"Gyles, shut up and stay back." I yelled back and punched him in the guts. He went back to stay behind me and said nothing at all.

However, Aviva and Mr. Winters looked murderously at Gyles and me. Eblilis, hearing this looked at Gyles bleakly.

"Did you hear that Viva? Those people, they only know how to make use of others. They do not care about others; feelings are nonexistent to them. They are all heartless and monsters." She yelled and broke down into crying again.

"I know I was wrong." I mumbled softly, but audibly.

"You know? You realize? This is again one of your schemes, right? I know, you only think about advantages you can get from anyone. You know you were wrong? How laughable! This is all a pretense to force me and my son back to that hell. You want to lock me in that empty castle again. You want to sent me away to your enemy territory just so you can get upper hand over him again. You want to use me as your pawn again."

"Why the hell are you here? Go back to where you came from and please, please leave me and my son alone." Eblilis pleaded.

"No, dad, he is going to take you all away from me again. He will take my son away from me and imprison me in that empty creepy castle again. He wants me break a curse again and he will not stop until he gains what he wants. Dad, he will make you forget me again and I will have to live without family, homeless on the streets again." My heart broke into several pieces when I saw her go into panic attack again.

She turned towards Mr. Winters in his arms and started to talk to him in a crazy manner. Seeing that scene, I realized I caused this.

I was the cause of her current state.

I was the cause for her life to become like the way it is now.

"No I will not let it happen again. I - I have to go away. I have to take my son away. I - I -" She gasped for air and before anyone could do anything, she fell unconscious in Mr. Winter's arms.

Eblilis, I'm sorry!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Finally, Tzalmon and Acacia met again face to face. Your views?

Do you think the Acacia's fear and panic is reasonable?

How do you think will Tzalmon fix the whole situation? Will he ever do that?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 122
**Acacia Point of View**

He is here.

He is really here!

Why? Why is he here? Why now?

My intuition was right. That jerk was really here. He was here for me and my son, or worse, he might be here only for my son.

Igses, I cannot let the jerk take Igses away from me.

The moment he stepped into the meeting hall, a sudden ominous feeling rose in my heart and it only grew worse when my eyes landed on him.

Not only was he here, he was also my dad's boss. This was like a trap he weaved for me to come and fall into it. He was making sure to close all my escape routes for me now, this time.

Why? Why the hell can't he let me take a breather?

Why the hell is he so adamant in making my life a living hell?

Why should I be a tool to be used by him over and over again and I was rendered helpless always. After all, he was a being above short lived human mortals with abilities that could challenge heavens.

Yet, his heart was vicious and ruthless.

"She's waking up." I heard a distant voice coming closer as I tried to open my eyes. My head felt heavy and dizzy, eyes were blurred and dry probably from crying so much and my body was light while heart is incomparably heavy.

After a long time of willing myself to will my eyes open, I finally flapped them open. For a second my eyes were so blurred that I couldn't see anything. Blinking several times, I found the blurred figures before me slowly become clear.

"Mamma, Mamma, I was so worried." Before I could notice where I was and who were around me, I felt a small body fall on me and hug me tightly, kissing me on my cheeks.

A wisp of relief came over me as I hugged back my son tightly. Kissing his head, I whispered in his ear that I was alright.

Raising my head, I found myself laying on the bed in an unfamiliar yet a warm and cozy bedroom. My eyes landed on Viva who was sitting on the bed beside me.

"Dawn," I only blinked at sad, worried and enraged Viva and turned my head finding my mom sitting on the bed on the other side.

What is she doing here? And that too in this disheveled state?

I looked at her in confusion and turned to my dad and Liam who were in the same disheveled and melancholic.

It was only after I saw the next person standing far away from us yet with a prominent dominant aura did I remember everything that happened before I fainted.

Tzalmon Saccius Ebernus, that jerk!

"Why are you here? Get out. Get the hel-" I shut myself up when I felt Igses moving in my arms. Looking at Viva, I blinked at her and she understood me. She picked Igses from my arms and took him out, far from the room I was currently in.

I could feel my nerves shivering under my skin. It was not because I was cold but because I was too anxious and - scared.

Scared of many things that happened in the past, scared of many things that might happen in future not that he is here.

"Were you so bored that you came here to torture me again? Go away, why don't you leave me and my son alone?" I was aggrieved; beyond aggrieved.

I cannot express how angry and helpless I'm feeling right now.

"I'm sorry." Sorry? He was sorry?

"For what?" Stream of tears fell as I scowled at him. "When did you and your battalion of heartless savages some to my world?"

Jerk looked at me silently without answering. "You were here from a very long time, were you not? You knew where I lived, you knew everything about me and my son so you were keeping an eye on us trying to find something to use against us so you can control us again."

"I am here to amend -"

"Amend? Amend what? Amend my personality according to your likes so you can reign over me as you like and use me as per your wish." I looked at my family from the corner of my eyes and their expressions are very strange.

As if... as if they know something.

I turned towards them and found my dad's face was blank which means he is beyond angry. He is piping hot in anger.

"Calm down, dear. Nothing will happen to you." My mom hugged me from the side and held my head to her chest.

I turned to look at her and blinked confusedly. Mom's behavior is truly bewildering.

"That's right. No one will lay their hands on you. No one can even touch a strand of your hair." Liam gritted, glaring at jerk murderously.

Jerk sighed and walked out, leaving only the four of us. I gulped and fell in thoughts for few minutes before I looked at my parents wanting to ask the most important question that is razing my mind now.

With pounding heart, I looked at my dad, "You know who I am." It was not a question, it was a statement.

They know of my identity, that I'm sure of. However, how and to what extent they know about me is still a question.

"You take rest first. We can talk when you eat something and rest well." I shook my head and caught my dad's hand before he could walk away.

"With the wolf in home, I cannot eat and sleep anymore. I want to know what exactly is happening here, Mr. Winters." Dad narrowed his eyes at me when I addressed him as Mr. Winters.

Right now, I'm overwhelmed by several emotions and the thing that my family might know something about me and my life and still cooperated with the wolf to prey on their daughter. I don't want to misunderstand them when I'm weak emotionally.

I need to know what happened before they entered my life again.

"We truly don't have any idea or memories of having a daughter." Dad said and occupied the other side of the bed. "However, we all do know who you are, what happened to you and who Tzalmon is."

"How?" I took a deep heavy breath and asked.

"He came to meet us in Charleston." Mom spoke softly. "He tried to get close to our family with different reason at first but when your dad confronted him, he revealed the truth."

"When did he come to Charleston? When the heck did he arrive to this -" I stopped suddenly not knowing if they know about the jerk full identity.

"To this world? It's been several months he came. But to Charleston, he came about four months ago. He told us everything, from his identity to what happened to you and what he did with you for his own selfish motives. He might've missed many things but your dad, I and Liam are not fools to not tell the whole story from the brief synopsis he gave."

What is the jerk playing at now? He surely cannot have righteous intentions at all. He is never was or will be an upright selfless person.

"He told you his side of the story, elevating him, his good deeds, how magnanimous he was and all?"

"Although we doubt he told us everything, he did tell us how bad he treated you what happened with you. The moment we realized that you are truly our daughter and that you have suffered for no reason, your dad was an inch away from killing him."

"I still want to kill him. But he deserves to live a life worse than death." A glint of redness passed through dad's eyes expressing how true his words mean.

"Cia, although we don't have any memories of you, I promise you, that this time, I will not let anything happen to you. Be it an ordinary human or immortal or the devil from the hell, I will make sure you don't go through anymore pain and sufferings." Cia, this was what dad always used to call me before.

"No. You don't know about him. If he wants something, he will do anything for that. Don't get involved in this. This is my fate and I will have to resolve this all by myself." I shook my head and took my hand away which he was holding.

"Acacia, it's not just you now. You still have Igses to think about. I know you are very capable seeing how you singlehandedly bought him up and started your life from very scratch but Tzalmon cannot do anything to you or anyone anymore."

"Dad, you don't know how dangerous he -"

"He is nothing but a normal human now. He has no powers." What Liam said caught me off guard.

No powers?

Normal human?

"After he came to this world, there were some kind of restrictions that caused them to lose their powers for undefined period of time. However it is temporary." Dad continued.

Restrictions? But Igses is able to use his powers well.

"You don't worry, Cia. This time, it's not us who invited wolf into our home; it is him who invited me into his territory. Acacia, we are the players now and he is the pawn." Dad looked straight into my eyes with a strong promise of retribution.

I sighed and shook my head at my family who are overestimating themselves.

"You cannot be as tricky and heartless as he was. He has always been the player. Please don't get involved in this dad; please. It is fine if you forget me but it is not fine for me to lose anyone of you."

With tears, I ran out of the room to take Igses back to our own place.

Now that the jerk is here, my life will never be peaceful again.

Jerk, what else do I owe you?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia only started to have some peace and now her life is pushed back into the storm. She is so pitiful, you agree?

I know the Winters would definitely support her and avenge her. But can they really do when their opponent is not just a normal human?

What is Marcus Winters planning to do to make Tzalmon's life worst?

Will Tzalmon be able to have a private talk with Acacia and tell her genuinely how sorry he is?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 123
**Tzalmon Point of View**

For the nth time, I sighed dejectedly.

I knew what would happened when I present myself before her. But I did not expect the strong woman from the past has changed a little.

She has always been a little too scared of things around her but now, she was a little more cowardly.

However, it did not go beyond my notice that she was not just concerned about herself or Igses; there were many other things she was worried about, which directly or indirectly are connected to me.

I wanted to talk to her and tell her how guilty I am. I wanted to apologize her for all the intentional and unintentional scars I gave her.

Except, she just doesn't want to even breath the same air as me. There was a lot of pain, anger and most importantly, coldness in her eyes whenever she looked at me.

In the darkness of my bedroom, under the moonless sky, I just stood my the window facing the Winters villa, looking at it with mixed feelings.

Mr. Winters sent me away telling me that Eblilis is not in a state to talk to me. I could only come back and wait for her to calm down first before I express everything I felt and currently feeling.

Eblilis along with Igses and Aviva, is staying at Winters' place for the time being. Seeing how she was emotionally spent, the Winters must've used a lot of cards to make her stay. Or else, with how she has been keeping her distance with them, she would've returned back to her place once she was calm and clear headed.

I could only wait for now and let her take time to think things out clearly. With another sigh, I walked back into the dark room to rest.

It took a lot of time for me to fall asleep, thinking of ways to have a chat with her.

A week has passed in silence from both the sides. I gave her space and time and neither Eblilis nor Winters took initiative to talk to me or find trouble with me.

Now, this silence made me uneasy. If they expressed their anger or hate, it would be better because in that case, I will at least know what they are thinking and how I should thread forward. However, this silence was more like the one before a storm.

So, with no other choice, I decided to meet her again and this time, I made sure we were alone and could talk well.

In that regard, I chose the place that could assure she would not make any big attempts to run away or throw me away as well.

I looked around the room and quietly waited in an inconspicuous corner. After nearly twenty minutes later, she walked inside and closed the door shut as continued with her own work.

Her eyes are now a little listless and she was not as lively as she was in the past several months. The moment she sat down, I quickly locked the door from inside and sat on the chair visitors chair opposite to her.

Before she could say or do anything, I leaned forward and closed her mouth with my hand.

"Shh, I'm just here to talk to you. It's not good for you to do anything in your office. You have your employees working outside this door. It will be uncomfortable for them to see their boss in messed up emotional state." Her eyes were so cold when looking at me that for a moment, I felt my heart being squeezed by an invisible hand.

She struggled to take my hand off her mouth but I held it tightly, she finally calmed down and did not struggle anymore.

"Don't worry, I just want to talk, that's it. Don't shout, please." I added and after observing her for few more seconds, I pulled my hand back from her mouth.

"Why are you here?" She gritted as soon as her mouth was free.

"Like I said, I want to talk and explain myself." I said softly. I waited for her to say something but when she did not, I took the initiative to do so.

"I'm - sorry." This was not the first time I apologized her. However, I was certainly genuine this time.

"Sorry for what?" She composed herself and leaned back in her chair as she looked at me blankly.

"For everything. For everything I did intentionally or unintentionally to hurt you."

"In that case, tell me what you are sorry about. What are those intentional cases and what are those unintentional cases?" The past week has been better for her it seems that I saw a little bit of confidence now.

I didn't hunch back at all, I straightened myself and looked at her sincerely.

"I know I was wrong from the very first decision I made regarding you. I was wrong when I got you to the island in such a condition. I was wrong to imprison you in the castle alone. I was wrong to make you pregnant and I was mostly always wrong from there on. I should've at least explained you clearly when the curse was broken and we were finally visible again."

"For a king who was born in royal family, who only knows how to do things as per wish and only knows how to order around, I was wrong to not take your feelings into consideration. I know you suffered terribly back then and I was the main reason for that which I'm truly sorry for." I continued, sincerely apologizing to her.

It was not easy; not for me to put my pride down and apologize to her and not for her to put her anger and hate down suddenly.

Been living in the mortal world among the powerless humans for quite some time as one of them, I understood many things.

I mainly realized that no matter if it was king or a husband or a father or a Politian ruling the country, they have no right to control a person too much and cross the bottom line of the person's tolerance.

Sadly, this was what I did in the past.

"Why did you erase my existence from this world?" As if she did not even take my words seriously, she continued to ask me coldly.

This time, I heaved heavily, thinking of a way to answer her in a better manner. "It was not intentional."

"I want to know why."

"I - didn't think you would be able to come back so I just briefly thought of -" I paused for a moment to think well and continue.

"Thought of locking me there infinitely and cut all my escape routes and even I did escape, I would not have anyone to lean on so it would be easier for you to catch me and bring me back to your kingdom. Is that what you thought of?"

Damnation!

Even though I did not reply back, should tell that her guess was correct. It was truly unintentional mistake on my part which I just took out of unfound confidence that she couldn't get away from my hands.

I was arrogant and ruthless back then, I agree. Even though I want to clarify myself, I cannot because that simple reckless decision of mine caused her to go through hell and back.

"I'm truly so-"

"You intentionally sent me and Igses over to your enemy's territory just so you can create an opportunity to defeat him. Am I wrong in assumption?" Good Lord! Seems like there are things I did which cannot be amended so easily.

Why I was such a muddle headed man?

Her eyes pierced me and I know that even if I don't reply her, she knew the answer again.

Several minutes, both of us are silent. I glanced at her feeling sorrier for every passing moment while she glared at me with such an intense hate that inwardly choked me.

This is what I brought upon myself.

She suddenly stood up from seat and walked to the door, unlocking it and holding it open for me.

"I might even forgive you everything you did in the far future but your decision to use your own son and his mother by scheming, pushing them into the danger just to catch your enemy off guard and kill; I can never forgive or forget that."

I opened my mouth to give her some kind of explanation but she did not give me any chance and continued.

"If you just used me, it was still alright because people from your world are insensitive towards female gender and always treated them as a possession. However, you had the heart to bait your enemy with your own son; even a crocodile doesn't eat its own children. You proved to be worst than an animal. Now you come and pretend to show Igses some kind of fatherly concern, say, would you take your apologies seriously if you were in my place?" I stood silently, not letting out a word out.

Now I realized that she could let the past go somehow in the far future if she was the only one who suffered.

I know, using Igses was not just a simple mistake on my part, I was shameful as well. But what I did was indeed something no father would ever do. The boy was only months old and I did not blink before sending him away with his mother.

This mistake, how can I ever wipe away the stains of it?

"You are only just words. All your actions were only used when you do bad things. Igses will never step into Thunders again. Keep your distance from him and me. We don't appreciate you in or around our lives. Our simple life cannot afford the presence of your esteemed royal self." She held the door open, waiting for me to walk out.

Seeing her impatience, I walked out, feeling lost and ashamed of myself.

I truly deserve this!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Finally, they had their first talk. Your views?

Whom do you support? Tzalmon or Acacia?

Who you find more reasonable? Tzalmon or Acacia?

The decision or using Igses back then caused Acacia to be completely vigilant towards Tzalmon. He deserves, does he?

Do you really think Tzalmon is only all words but no actions?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 124
**Acacia Point of View**

I cannot help but feel gloomy all over again.

That jerk is really good at scheming. He used my dad, got him as his employee, approached me through him and now I even have to work on this resort project with them.

If only I took some more time to sign the contract!

Now that the contract was signed before the jerk showed up before me, if I have to cancel it, I will have to pay a heavy price for it.

However, the only good thing is that I will not be in contact with the jerk frequently. Dad is making sure of it and I'm thankful for it.

Although my family have no memories of me, the way they are with me is not much different from the past.

After the conversation with jerk in my office, I and my family sat down for a long time and told each other how our lives went in the past few years.

I did not tell them everything but I did tell them a few instances that made me hate the jerk more and more. And one of it was how he used me and Igses as bait to his enemy without blinking his eyes.

That was one of the things that I could neither forget, nor could I forgive him for that.

Dad, mom and Liam got enraged after hearing it but surprisingly, dad still wanted to work with Jerk which I did not understand why.

Seeing that he is the one I will be in close contact with during the resort project, I sighed in relief because I don't want that jerk anywhere near me or my Igses.

We all tacitly decided not to tell any of these things to Igses, one because he is young and doesn't need to know and two, because I don't want Igses to get impulsive with his powers.

He is a child and he should live worry free.

I got Igses and Noemi to quit Thunders' and got them into another academy to learn martial arts.

However, from the moment I knew about Jerk and his subordinates arrival here, I couldn't help but become paranoid about everything.

I don't want to overreact but I couldn't help but over think about all the worst possibilities to happen. I've been a little carefree these past five years after coming back. Although I had nothing to begin with and I had no one lean on, I could still build my life on my own terms and live better even if it was exhausting and difficult.

But with Jerk here, the little relief inside me is wiped away. He did not show up again after walking out of my office but given how he used to handle things, I could only think that he is doing something in the dark against me and Igses.

Am I being petty and paranoid in thinking so? Maybe but given his personality, I think anyone in my place would be the same.

The only relief in all this is that they don't have any powers here. Be it true or false, that very thought of them being nothing but normal mortal humans like everyone is like rubbing small ice cube on skin in the hot summer day.

Huh! Life sometimes is so complicated! The more you don't want something, the more it will appear before you.

These past few days, thanks to my family, Viva and mostly because of my son, I calmed down a little.

Work was one of the ways I chose to distract myself with. So I took the job seriously and worked like a cow on the resort project.

When I can get some good money, then even if it's the Jerk's project, so why don't I use it on my terms!

"Have the civils start implementing the structural plans for the first block. Once the base is made, we can coordinate the designs for the rest of the blocks accordingly." I gave the huge folder of structural plans to my assistant.

"The team is asking about the sparse trees around the lake. Should we cut them down for block two, Miss Winters?" I thought about the location around the lake and those few irregular trees around it.

"Tell them to arrive at the lakeside tomorrow early morning. We can discuss it then." My assistant nodded. "Also, make sure the bills of the materials are intact and well kept. Get Paxton to help you with it. Make sure you keep several copies of those bills and receipts for safety purpose."

She took the orders and went on to work on them while I stayed with the civil team and had a little more discussion before going to the work tents.

It was usual for us to have tents built onsite to work and rest simultaneously. Before, I used to either take Igses with me on my onsite trips or if it's only for a night, I would leave him at Noemi's place under her parents supervision. Now that the resort location is a little far from the city and I have to stay here for few days, Igses is now staying at my parents house.

And he absolutely loves the idea of it!

He is eager to learn how to use bow and arrow from his Uncle Liam so he did not even care I will be out of city for a few days. He was not used to live without me for more than a night but now, with his grandparents and uncle, he is sitting on cloud nine.

That little guy did not even express that he misses me after being away from me for four days now. He casually shares how his day went over a phone call and then goes back to pester his grandma to make some yummy food for him.

"Mamma, guess what!" I heard an exclaim coming from the other side of the call. I couldn't help by press my lips to stop myself from laughing.

"What? You finally miss me?"

"That I do, mamma. But this is something fun. Uncle Liam is going to take me and Noemi to his university tomorrow for a small curious trip. We are going to meet his friends and teachers and everyone. Uncle said that his university is so big and it is also so beautiful." He said enthusiastically.

"Really? I thought outsiders are not allowed to visit casually during normal days?"

"That is the case but since uncle is studying in sports department, the practice field is open for visitors for casual visits. He said he has a small friendly match tomorrow so he can take us with him." Just by his tone, I can tell that he is extremely excited.

Beyond excited, actually!

I couldn't help but smile brightly for the first time after days of feeling down. I can tell how happy my son is right now and I once again patted my back in my mind for not keeping my distance from my parents over the insecurities I have.

I can easily tell that Igses loves his grandparents and uncle a lot.

"Alright. You and Noemi should not leave each other's hands. Always be with each other and look after each other. The stranger danger rule still applies. Don't go out of your uncle's sight and stay at the place he tells you to stay. Am I understood?"

"Yes yes, mamma. Don't worry. I know. Mamma, can I take my pet with me, please?"

"No, you will not be able to take care of it in a new place. You can take it on a walk later but not there. Right, how is Noemi doing?"

"How can else can she do? She is doing everything that cannot be said to be fine. You won't believe me mamma, what kind of a stupid thing she did two days ago. In our drawing class, teacher asked us to draw the colors for the next sketch as homework and said the best drawing will get a candy reward. The drawing was actually a small cute puppy. She was so stupid that she practiced the colors on her own pet several times before using the best outcome on the book. That poor little thing, I nearly cried for it in its place." It was wrong on my part to drink coffee while speaking on phone.

I spit it out after listening to what my son said. It was not just amusement but also disbelief knocked me out.

Noemi is truly -

No wonder her mom is always so worried and vexed by her actions. I wonder how that little girl get such ideas.

"How is the poor little thing now?" I asked after I finished laughing.

"Depressed, scared, traumatized and a little Noemi-like, acting crazy and lively. She is really exceeding my expectations on her stupidity this time. She is coming out with flying colors in stupidity."

"Stop calling her stupid. She is a child and children tend to be a little naughty. You should act like a child too, you know. I want you to be a little mischievous but within the boundaries." I scolded.

I also wish my Igses to be childish as per his age.

"Dream on, mamma. I'm never going to be as stupid as Noemi. That girl is my inspiration in many things of how not to be and do a certain things. Ah mamma, grandma is calling me for lunch. She made lamb chops today and it smells like it was delivered from heaven. Have a good day, mamma. I love you more than anything in this world."

"I love you more than anything in this world too. Bye, little guy." I cut the call with a smile.

Indeed, of all the tough journey in the past, Igses is the best fruit I got. He is the most precious one to me.

I now miss him more than I did a minute ago!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia calmed down a little and went back to her usual. 

Do you think this will give Tzalmon a right start to make his move?

Do you agree with Acacia's decision to keep Igses away from Tzalmon?

Will Tzalmon be able to make up for all the things he owed her and his son?

Noemi is super cute. Agree?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim **


###chapter 125
**Igses Point of View**

"Devil, can't you just unsee it?"

"How can one unsee it when it is sticking out obviously?"

"Innore it."

"It's ignore. Noemi, it's not like I'm criticizing your taste but can you even see clearly what is in front of you?"

"You don't -"

"Alright, both of you. Stop quarreling. " Uncle Liam looked at us sternly and we immediately stopped chatting.

It's more like bickering.

I looked at Uncle Liam's hand that was holding my hand and his other hand holding Noemi's while leading us through his university blocks.

"If it was not for the hand leading Noemi, I doubt she would have the capability to walk without hurting herself. And it's all because of the think sitting on her head.

For some strange reason, she is wearing a hair band on the crown of her head with a huge decorative flower sitting in the middle of the hair band. The flower is so big that it's petals easily covered the upper half of her head.

I cannot even see the shadow of her eyes with the petals falling until they covered half the curve of her nose. If her face was any smaller, I have no doubt she wouldn't need a protective mask for her nose and mouth.

My doubt; however is, why does she want to torture herself?

It's not like she is guilty of something that she had to punish herself to get rid of it.

"Uncle Liam, do you have a girlfriend?" I asked after noticing two students hugging each other.

Uncle Liam is so gentle and handsome, so he must be very popular. "Not yet." Uncle answered with a small smile.

"I just want to tell you that you should not consider a girl with weird fashion sense like Noemi. Noemi can even act blind just to put a fake flower on her head. It's bad, uncle." What if Uncle Liam falls in love with a girl who is as crazy as Noemi?

Uncle Liam is so gentle and good, why should he suffer something like that?

"You Devil, wait until we are big, I will force you to marry me." I stumbled over my steps for the first time in my long years of life.

My head snapped towards my best friend and the glint of sadistic torturous promises was sparking in her eyes.

She means it!

She wants to marry me and make me watch her make a fashion terrorism spectacle out of herself.

This is worse than the thought of just marrying.

I coughed and cleared my throat, "No thank you. I can't be so lucky to be your walking stick in future." I mumbled enough for Uncle Liam and Noemi to hear it clearly.

While Uncle Liam roared into laughter, Noemi glared at me and showed me her fist, indicating that she is ready to hit me.

I only smiled at her and turned my head away not wanting to make her marriage resolution any firmer.

What if I really become her walking stick in future? No thank you! That girl knows a lot about me, when she grows up and perchance develops a bit of brain, I'm afraid she might even blackmail me with my secrets.

So this time, while walking through the long roads of the university, I was quite and observed everything around with great interest.

While walking, I could hear a few people commenting about how cute I and Noemi are and how they want to hug us.

With a small polite smile, I ignored them but on contrary, Noemi is basking in all the attention with open hands.

Literally!

Shaking my head at her usual overaction, I hesitated for a moment before I looked at Uncle Liam.

"Do you want to ask me something, champ?" He smiled down at me.

"Grandpa's boss is my father, right?" I asked. Although I know the answer, I still asked just to get a confirmation.

Uncle Liam suddenly stopped walking and looked down at me with a frown. I looked back at him with my clear determined eyes, he continued to stroll without giving me any answer.

However, a word to the wise is sufficient.

"Uncle Liam, I don't know what happened but I can tell that mamma suffered because of him. Then as mamma's daddy, why is grandpa still working for him?" I might not know what happened between mamma and that man but I do now know that the Winters' are mamma's real family.

Grandpa and grandma are mamma's real parents.

Uncle Liam is mamma's real brother.

But for some reason, they don't remember mamma. This is what I analyzed from what I heard bits and pieces from all the secrets discussions that happened the past few days.

"You know my dad is your mamma's dad?" He looked surprised by it.

I only shrugged and answered truthfully. "Of course. It's a little hard not to guess with everything going on and the obvious familiar features between all of you."

Although mamma made sure Aunt Viva take care of me, keeping me at distance when whatever situation that happened the past few days, I do have a basic idea of the things.

I am not a child now, although I don't have a guide to teach more about my unusual powers, I am flexible and creative in using what I have.

"You don't have to worry about adults issues. Your mamma's life is in you. So you should take good care of yourself and leave adults matters to us." This time, Uncle Liam stopped and got down on his one knee to give me a stern answer.

He is not the gentle uncle anymore at this point; he looked at me with a firm strict look and told me not to interfere anymore.

I heaved loudly and nodded, "Okay." Uncle finally smiled again and ruffed my hair before leading us inside a huge building.

Seems like something big really happened, mamma and everyone else doesn't want me in the middle of it.

Fine then. I will stay out of it until everything is in mamma's control. If something unpleasantly unexpected were to happen to mamma, I will have to take the matters into my own hands.

Mamma is my bottom line; that man or anyone else better pray they don't touch it.

We were soon brought to a reception table. Uncle Liam registered mine and Noemi's names in the visitors log and got us each a visitors tag. After hanging it around our neck, Uncle Liam took us to a big open area divided into many sports areas.

There is a basketball court, there is a soccer field, a tennis court, a track for runners, an area for archery and many more other outdoor sports.

Around the field are several steps of sitting stands enough to accommodate hundreds of people.

Looking at the small groups of audience and the athletes of different games getting ready to play, I got excited.

"Uncle Liam, everyone is playing now?" Noemi asked with obvious excitement.

"Hmm. The quarterly test is pre-poned so along with archery, other sports will take their tests too. It will take a while for the whole thing to complete, are you alright with that."

"Yes yes. This is going to be fun." I and Noemi are indeed best friend. Even our words and timing is so exactly the same.

"Alright. It's good that your grandma packed enough food and drinks for you both. Come let me take you to my friends."

Uncle Liam has seven friends for now, two of them are from the same archery team, one is a swimmer who is the second best in the whole university, two are from basketball team, one is from tennis team and the last is from ice hockey team.

I and Noemi are so happy to meet them. Although getting picked by them in arms is a little inconvenient for me, I still liked all of them.

We even met his coaches. They are strong and didn't smile at all. But they were gentle to me and Noemi.

When the coaches blew their whistle indicating for all the athletes to get to their stands, Uncle Liam took me and Noemi to the front rows of the audience stands. Uncle Liam stopped when they saw two girls and a boy, he smiled and settled me and Noemi beside them.

"Guys, I'll leave my nephew and his friend to you." The three guardians chuckled and nodded as they took our bags to hold.

"Champ, butterfly, this is my classmate, Jade, this is her friend Sienna and Sienna's boyfriend Draco. If you want something, tell Jade, okay?"

"Sure, Uncle Liam. Don't worry." I nodded and smiled at his friends with a wave. They waved back at me and pinched my cheeks.

"Draco Malboy?" Noemi gasped as she pointed a finger at Uncle Draco. She looked excited, surprised and most importantly, scared.

Aunt Jade and Aunt Sienna burst out into laughs while Uncle Draco chuckled and flicked Noemi's forehead gently.

"It's Malfoy, Noemi and he is not The Draco Malfoy!" I corrected her but seems like Uncle Draco did not get offended by her.

"You can call me Uncle Malboy then. You are so cute." Uncle Draco pinched Noemi's cheeks.

Uncle Liam went back to the seats allocated to the likes of him while I and Noemi truly enjoyed his friends company.

Aunt Jade and Aunt Sienna even arranged Noemi's head band neatly in a good fashion manner so that it even look beautiful and not fall on the face too.

I was so grateful to see the other half of her face for the first time today.

At least, she will not fall flat every time she took a step now.

Aunt Jade and Aunt Sienna are really good in styling hair even with such gaudy accessories.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

A little lighthearted ###chapter after some showing some good tension in the past few ###chapters.

Noemi and Igses friendship is on another level. You agree?

What do you think? Will Noemi really force Igses into marriage in future or is it just an innocent joke?

Do you think both these friends are destined for each other in future?

Igses observes and knows almost everything. 

Your views on his love and protectiveness for his mamma?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim
**

###chapter 126
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"Is it really love or guilt or only because she is conveniently mother of my child and also conveniently also the person who broke the curse on my race?"

This was the question that I keep on asking myself from the day I came to this mortal land. I was not clear about it at first. To be honest, I thought that even though Eblilis did suffer a few hurdles, she should only be a little angry and that should be enough for her.

Coming here, I first understood the meaning of rights and freedom. I realized how passionate mortals are. I realized why she is not just angry at me but also hates - nay - despises me.

The tingles of love I felt for her back in the kingdom in the past; I realized, it came out conveniently and did not held any depth in it.

She was different and mother of my child, so she was an easy candidate to share my bed and maybe heart.

How wrong was i?

How wrong was I to think that keeping her with me is love. How wrong was I to think that giving her a few small privileges was enough to hold her back.

How wrong was I?

Now, do I really love her?

No, the right question should be; am I even worth her?

She was right!

She was right when she accused me of using her and our son to take down Vizac. I had everything under my control, even in the enemy territory, they are right under my invisible protection but -

But the issue of dragging her and my own son into the mess was truly inhumane.

She was not wrong to accuse me of being a ruthless and a heartless monster. It's true that even the most ferocious animals does not hurt their own kid.

However, I did it.

I made sure Eblilis and Igses are well protected but the very action of pushing them into my own kingdom's mess makes me worse than an animal.

No wonder why she reacted so strongly when she saw me for the first time in the meeting room. She panicked but she also has pure loathing for me in her eyes.

"In my own madness of doing the best to my kingdom and maintain my reign as the most powerful one, what not did I not do? It was easy for me to keep saying that I want to amend everything but looking back, I suddenly realize that some things cannot be amended. Some things cannot be fixed right. Some things that are broken, cannot be pieced back again."

Just like Eblilis heart!

I stood behind a large tree and continued to watch her as she worked. Making sure I was not detected, I looked down at the place where her tent is and heaved with a heavy heart.

She is really working hard. Under the burning summer sun and in such humid place, she not only bow down to the extreme climate, she did not even let any obstacle bring her efficiency down.

She should've worked thousand times harder when she came back to this world few years ago, didn't she?

No money, no shelter, nothing but she had to go forward because she has a son who should be provided with the best she could.

No wonder Igses is protective over her to such an extent.

As his father, I used her in my ploys while as his mother, she made sure he was happy, sufficiently provided with and lead a good life even if it meant she should work until her bones are grinded.

Two days ago, I received a report about the second slot of plans. She sent the plans and designs on how to use the lake area to Mr. Winters. Although it was in his hands to handle this particular project, he still has no right to make the final decision.

This is because I left a small way for myself to create chances to have constant contact with Eblilis in case she is not ready to see me at all.

Now I see it, I was right. Even if she doesn't want to have anything to do me and see my face, for professional purpose, she has to.

Even it was just a business connection; I can still try to ease her towards me.

No, it was not because I like her or love her. I now don't believe my past feelings of love towards her are right.

However, I do want to have true feelings for her now. And that can only when fate works halfway and we work the other half.

I closed my eyes and composed myself before going out of my hiding place to go and meet her.

Meet her and her team to discuss about the second block plan.

I strode towards the work area with a blank nonchalant face to keep the ladies and overly excited people away from me.

Eblilis is holding a pen and a long ruler as she was immersed in instructing a few people about something seriously. Even from a little far away, I could see redness on her skin caused due to heat and continuous sweat trailing down her forehead.

When I was a little closer, the people who were facing me immediately straightened their backs and greeted me politely. Seeing this, Eblilis turned back and to my surprise, she greeted me very professionally as if she only knows me as the Chairperson of Vaettir Industries.

I nodded curtly at everyone and stopped by the tall table they are standing around. There are several simple draft drawings and some perfected designs lying on the table.

"Hello Mr. Ebernus sir." They called out and I nodded back slightly.

"I got the idea plans for the lake area. Mr. Winters found the plan pretty good to go with however I have some doubts about it so I came to see the place again and discuss it with the team." Without any crack of gentleness, I behaved as professional as she is.

"Of course, Mr. Ebernus." Eblilis looked at me seriously and pointed her hand at a young man in the team. "Rafe, lead Mr. Ebernus to the lake area and explain our plans to him. Give him a brief of all the plans we discussed about and see what he finds more suitable."

"No." I roared sternly. "Miss Winters, I believe you are not the kind of employer who dump your job on your employees to enjoy free time, are you?"

"I'm sorry?" She was taken aback but ignoring that, I raised a brow at her.

"I don't want a brief synopsis, Miss; I need a in-depth explanation of all your plans plus the references you used." Hearing me, Eblilis looked at my blank face for few moments before she frowned hard and nodded her head.

"Alright then. You all carry on with the things we discussed and look for the initial materials we finalized. I and Rafe shall lead Mr. Ebernus through our plans."

The team scattered away to do their work and Rafe, the young man who is same age as Eblilis or an year or two older followed us for the job.

Although I did not feel good with a third wheel, that too a man in his prime, I have no right to express any of my views as of now. So I chose to keep my mouth shut and swallow my displeasure.

We rode a mountain car and came to the lake side where another part of the resort will be built. It was really a beautiful scenic view. If it wasn't for the hot sun burning down, the place can be considered therapeutic.

"You see the marking on these few large trees, Mr. Ebernus," Rafe pointed at the few trees marked with yellow signs. "They are not only close to the lake but also provide an unhindered view to nature. We are planning to build a tree cabins on each of them." He continued as we reached the nearest tree by the lake.

"Only on the marked trees?" I asked but this time, looking at Eblilis for the answer. As professional as she is, took the hint and explained neatly to me.

"That's right. Only these tress have good view. Tree cabins on the other trees will not work as much as these do."

"Then what about the space? The cabins built on trees can only be little spacious." I asked.

"Not really. Although the tree trunk is not very long, the branches of this type of tree spread wide which will give more than enough room to put a cabin on it. It will be safe, standard and spacious." She clarified opening a sketch, showing me what exactly she was talking about.

Supported by a sketch, I got what she was trying to say so I nodded in agreement.

"Although there are only few trees available for the tree cabins, the lesser they are, the more valuable they become. Also, they are not very close to each other which also provide enough privacy to the occupants in the future. With right style and application, even summer mid day will be pleasant autumn and spring." She concluded and I understood why her team is so popular among hundreds and thousands of architects.

She is really talented; which I failed to see when she was with me in the past.

I sighed at my misfortune again and moved to the third place where another block of resort rooms are going to built in a different style from the first two.

She was telling me about the mountain cave cabins when Rafe went to get us water bottle leaving both of us alone.

My eyes trailed from her hair to her forehead to eyes, nose, lips and cheeks, getting lost in my own thoughts as she focused on giving me the inputs.

"You are so beautiful." I did not even realize that it was me who said it.

But this compliment, it came from my heart. She looks truly enthralling.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

So Tzalmon is in a realization mode again.

Tzalmon understands his mistakes but cannot fix them because his mistakes are not just mistakes anymore. You agree?

What should Tzalmon do to get his wife and son back?

What method do you think will change Tzalmon's personality and also change Acacia's prejudice towards him.

Both of them are now keeping a professional front with each other. Will this middle zone help them both?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim **


###chapter 127
**Acacia Point of View**

Sometimes, the best way to counter shamelessness is by ignoring it. And so I did.

He must be thinking that his fake compliments will soften my attitude towards him. The way he did things in the past, it will be tough or even impossible to believe his words or even the tone he said them.

"I mean it, Eblilis." I ignored him again and continued to point several areas for which different plans are made.

His tone and his expressions indeed looks genuine however, if I was Acacia from six years ago, I would've swooned over those words. Now, the case is different.

I learnt firsthand that his words and the meaning behind them don't usually intersect most of the times. He truly might've meant what he said but I'm too paranoid towards him to acknowledge them and to be honest, I want to keep it this way.

There's a saying that goes like, 'Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me; fool me thrice, shame on both of us'.

Seeing that I did not respond at all, that I did not even glance at him, I heard him sigh behind me. For few moments, he did not talk anything and I thought he gave up which I was thankful about.

However he posed a question that finally made me take a glance at him. "Do you know why I call you Eblilis?"

I slowly turned around and looked back at him, however I did not speak at all. "Do you remember the white flower with a bone stem from back then? You've seen it in the castle several times." I did not answer and just waited for him to complete what he wants to say.

"That flower is called Eblilis. It's a symbol of divinity in a spirit or soul. Every soul, be it mortal's, immortal's or any other being's has a bit of divinity in it and the amount of such divinity depends on all the karma he accumulated over his past and present births. Eblilis is the purest kind of flower that not just symbolizes divinity but the flower itself can also help a spirit soul to enhance it. It's most precious treasure to not just my kind but to every other races and deities as well."

"So?" I asked after hearing what he wanted to say. Seeing me especially indifferent he looked baffled.

He did not say anything and kept looking at me apprehensively so I said what I wanted to, clearly. "So what? So what if that flower is called Eblilis? So what you call me with that name? So what if it has such grand meaning behind its existence?"

"Eblilis, you truly mean a lot -" I cut his words off in the middle for I don't want to listen to that shit anymore.

"Mr. Ebernus, I don't want to mean anything to you. You do not deserve it. Just by addressing me by a name with precious meaning will not make me precious. It's the actions that count at the end of the day. You cannot hit a person brutally and compliment him about how strong and tolerant he is. When words and actions are not interlinked, such words are called fraudulent and such person is called pretentious. I rather be a very common flower Acacia rather be such precious Eblilis. I cannot afford such honor, Your Esteemed Majesty."

Just as I finished, Rafe came back with two bottles of dates soaked water for me and Jerk. After take few sips of water, I finally felt better and looked at Rafe who did not get his own bottle.

"Miss Winters, I'm called back to the base camp for phase two coordination." Ah right, I forgot about it.

"Alright, we are almost finished. You leave first and we will follow after we end the session." He nodded and went back after handing me a bag with some fruits and dates soaked water.

I smiled and patted his back in gratitude before sending him off. Rafe has been with my team from the very start of the company. Although he talks less, he is an exceptional friend who took care of everyone silently.

He is an amazing gentleman.

"These five mountains will be occupied with cabins. These two mountains are especially good for mountain biking. The area is coarse but not too dangerous. If you want to include freeride biking in the resorts, then this will prove to be both thrilling and profitable." I continued to show him the map of the mountain range and give him an overlook of what the team was preparing for the next phase.

"Why are these three not included in your plans yet?"

"Look at this, there are several small and big waterfalls here and the water is very pure and sweet. The water that circulates through these three peaks flows after passing through several herbs and fruit trees which makes it nutritious and sweet. Also, the condition of these three peaks is best for producing tea. With such special water source and the conditions, the tea that grows here will surely be unique, tasty and most importantly, healthy."

The best part of the whole mountain range in my view is these three peaks. Being a sucker for tea, I can already anticipate how good the produce will be. The water here is clean, fresh and sweet which is cherry plant on the top.

Jerk must've noticed the lighter change in my mood when I talked about tea and the peaks; he instantly nodded and asked me to proceed with the tea plantation.

"Mr. Ebernus, we are not responsible for the plantation. You have to approach the concerned people for it. We are only responsible for area planning, development and construction. Regarding the plantations, it was an idea which you will have to decide on and if you agree with it then please have Mr. Winters take care of it. He has better connections when it comes to tea."

This is one of the many things I and dad share in common. We both love tea. Sometimes we almost feel like Chinese and Indians when it comes to our love and pursuit for tea.

An hour of giving him a walk through with the design and development plans, we started to head back as it was starting to get dark now.

It was a silent walk to the vehicle and I did not take any chance to talk to him. Since the contract is signed and since dad is the one who is in charge, I cannot get out of this project.

So I can only take things to the peak of professionalism.

"What will make you change your outlook towards me?" He asked suddenly in a low voice. I almost did not hear him.

"Nothing." Period! I have to make it clear to him that I don't want to have anything to do with him.

He paused in his steps fell behind but I continued to walk forward. I suddenly felt his hand on my arm as he turned me around.

"I truly want to repent, Eblilis. I want to -"

"Mr. Ebernus," This time I did not ignore him. I looked into his eyes dead, without any fear and enunciated every word. "For the last time, I do not care what you want."

"Then is it truly alright for Igses to grow up without a father?" This made me scoff. I found this very line too amusing.

"I see you are still too self centered and too royal to see the truth. Mr. Ebernus, not every child in this world have both parents. Many were brought up by single parent and some without any of them. However, many of such grew up to be exceptional human beings. Does it mean my son doesn't need his father or miss him? He might or he will in the future but I will do more than my best to give him the love of both the parents."

My calm words hit him hard and he started to get apprehensive which was clearly seen on his face. I tried to pry my arm from his hand but he tightened his hold and pulled me to him.

"I am his father." His tone was gentle yet firm at the same time.

"And what proof do you have?"

"I am his father, he has some of my features and he is my heir, my prince with powers that belongs to my race."

"Your claim should be supported by evidence, sir. Say, did you ever touch me like how a man would touch a woman?" Well, if you want to be a father, I better cut it off completely.

This is my world and here, evidence is more important than your powers and royal status.

He went still and frozen when my question perplexed him. He cleared his through several times before he answered it awkwardly. "No."

"So we did not have sex. Then did we go with IVF? Did you have your sperms put into my womb through medical sources?"

"No." His face was turning grimmer with every passing minute. Good!

"I remember well that I carried Igses for nine months in my womb and his DNA matches mine. He is surely my child then there is no option of surrogacy here. I have proof that Igses is my child, do you, now?"

One thing I found strange back then was that although people from Jerk's race share bloodline, they give more importance to aura that is unique to each family and acts exactly like how bloodline works.

And until Igses bloodline is triggered and activated, he only shares the aura-line but not the same blood as Jerk.

"He shares the Ebernus aura." I can tell by his expression and tone that he knows he lost the argument.

"Then do you have a certificate or something like that? Can it be tested and proven? Mr. Ebernus, When you imprisoned me in castle, impregnated me, locked me with you in your realm and everything you did to me, you never explained or asked me before. When it comes to repenting on them, you are asking me what you should do? Don't you think you are being too pretentious and hypocritical?" I pulled my arm out of his hand and turned around to walk away.

After taking a couple of steps, I stopped and said without turning back before walking away.

"As little as I know about your father, you are no different than him."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Seems like Tzalmon has a lot to realize and learn. He is too much; agree?

Many of you want to know what Eblilis means right? Here you go.

Your views on what Acacia said to Tzalmon? She thinks he is being pretentious, you think so too?

However, I think one thing what she said was right. When he did bad things to her, he never asked but when he wants to repent them, he is all words but no actions. 

Tzalmon is truly_! Fill in your own blank.

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim **


###chapter 128
**Tzalmon Point of View**

You are no different to your father!

You are no different to your father.

You are no different to your father.

Those words are still drilling painfully in my ears right into my heart. She said I was not any different from that man. And by the looks of it, she meant every word she said.

I can tell easily that she wasn't trying to hurt me or disappointment me, she truly meant it. She thinks I was no different from my father.

My father is a taboo in not only my life but also in my realm, my kingdom. He is the one person I wish I had and never have anything to do with. He was the person who caused all the troubles for my race and me.

He is the real monster whom I loathe more than anything in this world.

To be compared to him; did I really give her such a nasty impression of myself?

I feel so lost right now. I truly, wholeheartedly want my wife and son but I also realized that the chemistry and feelings between us should be formed from the scratch on the basis of trust and honesty.

Trust and honesty are two things that she does not relate me with.

I really want to change my ways, I genuinely want my wife and son back in my life. I know how precious they are and want to treasure them.

How am I going to do it?

What she said was true though! I never asked for her permission or opinion before nor did I explain the reason behind my actions. I just imposed them on her. Now that I want to repent, I cannot ask her the reasons and ways to do so.

This is so messed up. I really messed this up a lot.

Now, at this moment, I don't know where I stand and where to start from anymore. She is so rigid towards me and I don't blame her; I understand her.

"I think we might have to get our powers back, Majesty." Azar said hesitantly.

"I agree. With our abilities back in our control, we might change the tide somehow." Gyles supported making Azar nod in agreement.

However Eelk, who has been more mortal from the beginning frowned and disagreed. "Why? Isn't it better if we have our powers back?" Gyles scowled at Eelk.

As much as I don't want to agree to it, I think Eelk's disagreement makes sense to me without any reason given.

"Sir Gyles, our powers should be back and it is always better to have them. However, that will not make the situation between Majesty and Lady Dawn any better. Say, if we have the complete hypnosis power, will Majesty control Lady Dawn' mind and get her back?"

"What nonsense are you talking?" I roared hearing his crap. I already have many things to make up for and if I really use magic to get her, I will be done for ever. The current zero chances in pursuing her will go down to minus.

Zero is better than minus, isn't it?

"Right. Majesty, when you don't want to use magic to get her back, then why worry about your powers that you don't have now? We will get back our powers when the time comes. Maybe, some miracle might happen and the memories of Lady Dawn resurface back in this world." Of course I know that.

I'm not worrying about magic right now. I did not want to use my magic to get her back as well.

"Do you think I don't know that? My problem now is much more difficult than get the powers back." I rubbed my forehead and ran my hand through my hair several times. The stress will make me bald for sure.

"From the moment the truth came out, Aviva did not reply back to my texts, never picked up my calls, did not accept any of our appointments. In short, it's been many days since I last saw her. I even sent her an email explaining the whole situation from my end but neither did she reply back nor did she ask me for further clarification. Every moment passing by without seeing her, hearing her voice, is turning me into a zombie." Come on now, are you complaining about your love life in front of me?

I messed up beyond repair and even I am not complaining this much!

Eelk sighed and scratched his chin contemplating about his own love issues. "You only met her few times, what are you groaning about?" Gyles chided in irritation.

"Few times? The last time we met, I asked her to try dating each other and she accepted my proposal. She also expressed her romantic interest in me. We are textbook example of match made in heaven. How would I know that the first day she became my girlfriend will be the last time she would talk to me?" Eelk is now whining like a child who lost everything.

But what he said caught my attention. "Date? You asked her to be your girlfriend and she accepted? Why?" I asked getting interested in it suddenly.

"Majesty, it is of course because we like each other."

"Why does she like you?"

"Umm, because I was good to her, we share many commonalities, she makes me happy and I make her happy too. She once said that with me beside me, she feels a sense of security. For women, sense of security, respect and loyalty matters more than love. If a man can give these three, they will not think much of the toe curling sweet love. However, if any of the three is missing, no matter how much you love them, you will end up losing them."

"And despite that, she is still not talking to you." Gyles mocked Eelk but to everyone's surprise, Eelk actually smiled back.

"Sir Gyles, you are wrong here. She does like me. What she is doing is taking some time to think things over. On one side is her best friend who suffered a lot in the past and on the other side is me, who works for the person who caused her sufferings; say, is it really easy to choose sides now? Her best friend needs her so she is keeping her distance from me which is reasonable. I just have to keep trying yet give her the space and time she needed."

If you put it that way, what Eelk said makes sense. Eelk has always been the most understanding one among us. No matter how sad he is, he could still think about the situation rationally from his lover's perspective.

His words caused me to think of several possibilities right now.

"So are you so sure that Aviva Fortune will come back to you?" Azar looked quite interested in the ongoing topic.

"She will. If she doesn't, then I will go to her. Lady Dawn always had an alright impression on me so I believe that once the heat of the matter cools down a bit, she will vouch for me to her best friend. Milady might caution her to extreme lengths but she will also vouch my good characteristics to her friend. Lady Dawn has always been a rational and a kind person. She is good to those good to her and worse to those bad to her."

Seeing Eelk being so confident, I'm confused if I should be jealous or considerate. If only I did not do what all I did in the past!

Sadly, regret has no medicine.

"Then what do you think will make your queen give me a second chance?" I hate to lower myself to my subordinate for such guidance but right now, wife and son are more important than pride.

Eelk stared at me awkwardly and scratched his head with a helpless smile. "Umm, Majesty, you are past that stage now."

"What do you mean by that?" Seeing my murderous look towards him, he waved his hands in front me to cool me down.

"Majesty, why are you thinking about second chances when you don't even stand a chance to stand beside her more than a minute? As much as you hate me for telling this but Majesty, you are still thinking too highly of yourself. If you don't lower yourself, you will not get what you need." Eelk coughed several times before completing what he wanted to say. Soon after he finished, he jumped behind Azar and hid himself from me.

Before I could say anything, he continued, still hiding behind Azar. "I think you should feel the brunt of Winters before approaching Milady. Do whatever they may; the way to Lady Dawn is through her family. Only Winters can help you reach your destination."

"You want Majesty to get ganged by them?" Gyles pulled Eelk by his collar and shook him violently. I kept quiet and stared at the audacious subject of mine with a vicious gaze.

"I know I will die today but I will still say this. Majesty, you cannot expect to get what you want without putting efforts. If Winters make things hard for you, you -" He closed his eyes with a painful expression and bit his inner cheeks before spouting out, "-you deserve it. If they scold you, mock you or even hit you, you deserve it. If you cannot show your goodwill and change to Winters, they will never let you near Lady Dawn."

"Only Winters, precisely, Mr. Winters is the first and maybe the only person who can help you now."

Mr. Winters?

He hates me to death. If there is anything that he wish more than anything then it would be my misery.

He will help me? I highly doubt it.

But Eelk is right. Only Winters can help me and if I want to get my family back, I have to go through with the pain.

Heavens! Mr. Winters must be waiting for an opportunity to torment me to no end!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Eelk is a ball of truth speaking sunshine. You agree?

Will Tzalmon really go to Marcus Winters for suggestions? 

Will he live after that? 

Why would Marcus help a man who tormented his daughter?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 129
**Acacia Point of View**

"I told you I don't need this. Should I write it out for you to understand now?" Gosh, I'm irritated to the height of mount Everest.

I cannot take this madness anymore.

"Eelk, of all the people of your race, you are the first and the only one who became my friend in the past." I took a deep breath and gave him a somber glance.

"I know Milady and I'm honored to be considered as your friend." Eelk nodded enthusiastically and smiled like a child.

"I knew you were giving my minute to minute updates to your King in the past but still you were the only person who was my friend, do you know why?" I pulled the chair and sat down and grabbed the juice bottle to take few gulps.

I offered one bottle to Eelk as well and gestured him to sit. When he sat down, he thought for several moments but did not reply so I clarified his confusion.

"Because you know you limitations. You spied on me because it was direct orders from your king. However, you still made sure you didn't reveal everything about me. You maintained my secrets and you were understanding; with a bottom line in doing things."

"Thank you, Milady." He smiled genuinely at me with a hint of gratitude in his eyes.

"Good. In that case, I hope you be the same understanding friend to me now as well. One, do not call me 'Milady'. I am not a royalty from your race. Call me Ms. Winters if you are too firm on formality. Two, tell your boss, you king that sending me three meals a day and arranging personal facilities in onsite work area for me will not make things any different between us. I don't want or need anything from him."

Did he think that just by sending over some food and drinks will change things between us? What a foolish Jerk!

If he sent portable air cooler and blankets for me, will I see him in special light?

What is he trying to do? Bribe me or make my staff think that something is going on between him and me?

"Mila - Miss Winters, I know. But he is trying his best to understand your feelings and make it better for what happened in the past. I will not say he is a complete new man now but he is in the course of transformation. A little slower, but he is changing." As expected from the most sympathetic person of the whole damn race.

"Doesn't matter to me. Make it clear to him that I only take money for the work I am doing on this project. Other than that, I will not accept anything from him. Tell him to stay away from me and my son. He change his ways or not is none of my concerns anymore." Eelk groaned hearing my words and looked like he is getting sandwiched between two parties.

After staring at me with puppy eyes for a while he finally realized that I am firm on my decision so he sighed sadly and nodded his head.

He got up from the chair weakly and walked as if energy left his body forever. "Eelk, wait!" I stopped him when he was one step away from the door.

He turned around like a bullet and blinked at me with expectant eyes. "You want to say anything Ms. Winters?"

"Nothing about your king." Like a deflated balloon he went weak again and glanced at me vulnerably.

The effort it took me not to smile; only I know how painful it was. This guy changed for better after coming to this world. Not bad!

"Viva is my best friend and is most worried about me. She saw what I experienced and how I suffered in the past six years so she is protective over me. But she is also a calm and thoughtful girl. Give her some time, she will come around." His eyes went from dead to glittering in the matter of fraction of second.

His face is glowing like an LED bulb. "Really?" The anticipation in his voice is not lost on me.

"Hmm."

"After what happened to you - will she - will you -" He scratched his head guiltily.

"She has her own scale of judgments, Eelk. I will not stop her from pursuing her love, not if it is you she is pursuing. But I do have to warn you not to make a mistake that you cannot undo. She is one of those people who I care about the most and if something were to happen to her because of you, you will not be my friend anymore. I will make sure you face the consequences."

"Of course, of course. Ms. Winters, Rest assured, I am sincere towards her and will not let her or you down."

"That' good then. She is going to Eloy alone on a business trip this coming weekend." I stressed on the words 'alone' and 'trip' so that he can catch the hint.

His eyes brightened in enlightenment and soon he is surrounded in pink light. Literally!

It was such a funny scene to look at the commander of royal guards behaving like a pink piglet in love. I nearly choked on my laugh.

"Got it, Ms. Winters. Thanks." I nodded and waved at him but he was so into his own bubble that he did not even see my hand wave even when his eyes are on me.

I wonder, is love so magical?

Will I ever get to feel something so magical?

As soon as that thought came to my mind, I shook it off and occupied myself in work so that I will never get such useless thoughts again.

The following week, delivery of food and other necessities did not stop. Except, the person to delivery them changed from Eelk to Azar.

I never touched the things delivered to me and I'm sure the Jerk knows it but he still insisted on 'taking care' of me from what Azar said.

No matter how many times I rejected and refused, the deliveries kept coming which started to make me frustrated beyond words.

Frustrated more because my staff has been talking about it now. Some brave ones even asked me if the great Mr. Ebernus is pursuing me.

What can I say? When there is a flare of rumors, no matter how you explain, you still cannot clarify the situation completely. So I only told them that I am not interested in anyone yet so if he has a mind of pursuing me, he will be disappointed.

My staff knows I am a single parent so most of them nodded in understanding and did not follow the matter anymore; thankfully.

Few days later, the delivery took an upgrade. Along with food and simple and immediate necessities, I started getting letters.

Love letter? I don't think so. The pattern and profile of those letters are unidentified to this date.

They are hand written letters from Jerk himself. The content of the letters usually go about him and his achievements in the current days in the first part of the letter.

Like I care what he is up to.

At first I did not even open the letters and just threw them in the dustbin. But my secretary once read a letter before throwing it away and that was when I started reading them because the second part of the letter made me want to kill him.

The second part of the letter is his brave and bold confession on his spying talent. He writes about how my son is doing and that I should not worry about him as my family is taking best care of him.

He is spying on my family and my son and he mentions it in the letters as if it was an innocent act which meant well.

Reading those letters proved to be the true test of patience.

I mean, don't I know how my son is doing? I talk to him thrice every day. We talk at least once on a video call. My parents are best parents out there so in the matter of taking care of their grandson, they will do beyond their best.

Heck, I can even see them pampering him to no end. Even I and Liam were never pampered like that. We were never overly pampered at all. Mom and dad have always been balanced in what they did. However, they truly go out of their way when it comes to pampering my son.

Igses is living a life of prince boss right now!

Do I have to know this from the Jerk?

And look at his audacity; he is spying on us and is still telling me about his findings bravely.

I sent him a threatening text message about spying on us and he did not reply to it. He replied by sending the letters as usual with similar content.

I threatened him to take this matter to police but he got shared a picture of him with a couple of his police friends and a statement in which it was written that he has a right to know the information on his son so it is not illegal to pry for such information.

It has been three days since he sent me those pictures and since then, there was another upgrade in deliveries.

Jerk started to send flowers!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

Alright so the short story I wrote for Kiss contest - Please give my book 'Marriage Aftershocks' a try. I will guarantee that you will not be disappointed. Please read, comment and share.

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia is still the same kind Acacia. No matter how much she hates Tzalmon and others, she did not let that affect her friendship with Eelk.

With the help of Acacia, will Eelk get Aviva's heart again?

What is Tzalmon up to now?

Is he trying to court Acacia the normal way? Will it work though?

Is courting his own idea or someone else's?

What will Acacia counter him now?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 130
**Tzalmon Point of View**

'The only pride I have right now is to forgo you forever. Goodbye.'

"How can they end it like that? How can they?" For the first time ever, I saw tears.

Not in my eyes but someone who is more unexpected to cry than me; Gyles!

He is literally balling his eyes out right now after the current movie we were watching came to an end. I feel extremely sad for how it ended too but compared to Gyles overwhelming emotions, mine are incomparable.

What is more frustrating is, he doesn't even have a lady love by his side and he is being so emotional about it while I, who has been trying to win mine back, faded out in comparison.

Nonetheless, I again learnt something new about relationships.

All thanks to these wonderful life depicting movies and series. Although the current movie was not a happy ending, it did reminded me of many things where I went wrong with Eblilis.

So what if Mr. Winters or anyone doesn't help me out in pursuing Eblilis; thanks to these countless love, romance, dramatic and contemporary movies and dramas, I am able to know my way around a true relationship.

"Why are you crying? Did she leave you or the main male character?" I chided when I got distracted from taking notes because of all his wailing.

Gyles' wails remind of a ghost cries from one the horror movies we watched recently. Almost as if he was the one who gave the background voice to the ghost!

"I don't know, Majesty. I think she should've forgiven him and reunited with him. Why will she choose to leave him and suffer? But then again, she is so pitiful!"

Okay! Can you please calm down?

"Sir Gyles, she forgave him but she couldn't forget what he did to her. She cannot go back to him because she cannot trust him with herself anymore." Azar, unexpectedly, commented like Eelk.

Eelk immediately turned to Azar and patted his shoulder like a proud master satisfied with his disciple.

I shook my head and wrote down the notes of what I gained from the recently movie, where I think did wrong in the past and what I could do to fix it in the future.

And so, I wrote a total of twenty pages review and only then did I put the pen down. I turned back the pages of the book and realized that the things I have to fix and do are becoming infinite and this is only my nine 'review and reflection' book.

"Okay, so now I have to cause my thoughts to enter her mind without her will. This means, I have to make her think of me in her free time." I mumbled to myself and pulled all the nine books and went through them one after the other to find a good idea.

Food and flowers must've did at least farthest decimal percentage work for now. It was reported that she never touched the food I sent and the flowers went into trash can directly.

But one day - one day she might not throw them away. One day, she might get into a habit of receiving them, get into a habit of being fussy about receiving them from me and might - and just might miss them right?

"Eelk, how is it going with your girlfriend now?" I looked at him expectantly. He said that Eblilis gave her blessings to Eelk to chase after Aviva Fortune. She even hinted about Aviva's schedule to him.

That day, Eelk forgot who he was and who I am and was so smug to me. He boasted about how his Lady Dawn trusted him with her best friend and played Cupid for them with a warning never to hurt her friend.

Eelk literally smirked at me smugly with his chest out proudly and his eyes glittering like a fake wise man.

That day, I killed him in my mind countless times. Heck, he only got back to his normal submissive self only when he suffered good punishment at work for several days.

"She is still not talking to me but she is not avoiding me anymore. I can tell she is enjoying the courtship silently. Majesty, soon when the time comes for me to marry her, I hope you can accept my transfer letter at that time. I would like to stay here in this world with my future wife, children, grandchildren and their children happily ever after. I will work for you from here." I saw the same look he is giving me in a channel called national geography and it was on the face of a baby monkey.

"Let's talk about it at that time. Tell me, you spent a weekend with her in another city and her heart has a change about you? How?"

"Tsk tsk, Majesty, you still did not realize it yet? You have to grovel the path she walked in to win her favor. Women are high and might when it comes to heart games. I let down my pride and ego and only focused on my love for her." Let down pride and ego?

"Majesty, actually, I watched a Korean drama called 'The liar and his lover'. For more information on groveling, you should watch that drama. The male lead in the drama is as dim witted as you ar-" I shot a murderous glare at him and he suddenly stopped what he was saying and took a minute to improvise it awkwardly. "- I mean, he is a dim witted like us; like us all, like all the men in the world."

He coughed a couple of times and went straight towards television to mark the said drama on a watch next list.

"So you say, according to you, what should I do next to get her attention?" I swallowed my anger and asked Eelk, putting my pride aside.

"If you don't see each other frequently, that is hard to say." Okay, point noted. But she hates to see me. How can I go before her and still manage to gain her attention in a positive way?

"Ah, right, Majesty I forgot to inform you." Azar suddenly clapped his hands. "Young Prince is going on a school trip in few days. Since Lady Dawn is away with work, Mr. and Mrs. Winters signed the confirmation form for him."

"Where are they going?"

"There's a water park for children in the east end of the city. They will leave in the early hours of morning and get back by night." Azar reported.

"Hmm, send a couple of our men to protect him secretly."

"Already done sir. I will keep tabs on the prince, don't worry, Majesty." I nodded with a heavy expression.

"Alright let's start this drama that Eelk suggested. Maybe, I can come up with a better idea." And so, I spent the next two days binge watching a couple of dramas that Eelk suggested and when I say that I can write a whole book on groveling, that is definitely not an exaggeration.

"How do I look?" I corrected my collar and fixed the tie before standing before my three subordinates waiting for their opinion.

"Uh, handsome and mind blowing like usual." The three said in unison.

"Do you think I will make an impression on her?"

"Is 'her' a business client or associate?" Eelk asked folding his hands over his chest.

"No. I'm talking about your Queen."

"Oh, then are you going to talk about business with her? Is it a professional meet?" Following Eelk, Azar inquired as he sized me up and down.

"It was a - groveling meet. I'm going to meet her to shed all my pride and create opportunities to win her over." Isn't it obvious?

I have been planning this for a day now and I also told them about my plans, didn't I? Why are they acting clueless now?

"Then why are you dressed like someone who is preparing to attend a business workshop, Majesty. A three piece suit is the least recommended costume for groveling purposes."

"That's right, dress comfortably like a 'guy next door' type."

"Just a shirt and jeans would do and clean off the gel on the hair. The best hairdo for a guy next door is bed hair that flutters with wind."

"Sneakers are a must. Nothing can beat a natural look, that too when the person is blessed with blinding beauty."

"Put away the tie and open the first button on the shirt."

"Drive jeep for today."

"You have to take care of people around her first before targeting her. If there is support from around, even she cannot reject you openly."

"Behave as if you are being nice to everyone. Showing more attention to her alone with piss her off."

"Pretend that she is only a business client and nothing more."

"Play coquettish but in a decent manner as if you are doing it unintentionally."

"Majesty, from my experience, the best way to gain attention is not to seek it actively and obviously."

The three went one after the other for an hour with their opinions and advices. They did not even do that respectfully. They are treating me as if I am their friend which ticked me off.

If it wasn't for my oath to be in pleasant mood for the whole day come what may, I would've spanked their back with wooden planks.

Nonetheless, I took their suggestions and changed into comfortable clothes, giving out a next door guy vibe.

With a gentle smile on my face I appeared before them again but this time, they looked at me and suddenly fainted one after the other.

I had to slap them hard to wake them up and when they woke up, the three were so scared of me that it got me baffled.

"Umm, Majesty, can you please not smile so gently? It's so creepy."

Today will be Eelk's last day in this life!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Tzalmon is referring to movies and dramas for help?

Can those Korean dramas really help him court Acacia?

It looks like Tzalmon decided to use every possible way to gain her back.

Will he succeed in his upcoming plan?

Usually, a kid can be a couple's binding knot but here, Igses also doesn't want Tzalmon with Acacia.

Tzalmon is up for a whole new experience now. Agree?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 131
**Igses Point of View**

"Why are you here?" Seems like I spoiled someone's grand plan unknowingly.

Very satisfying!

"Mr. Ebernus, this land may belong to you but my mamma works here." I gave him a sweet smile and turned to mamma who is standing beside me.

Mamma scowled at him before picking me up in her arms and smiling down at me with greatest joy swimming in her eyes.

Ha! It's been so many days I last saw her in person. Look at how tired, tanned still managing to be beautiful she is looking.

No wonder I was always praised for my beauty. Mamma laid a strong foundation for me.

I kissed her on both her cheeks and looked at Mr. Ebernus with a smug smile. "The land may belong to you but my mamma who works here belongs to me." I completed my previous statement and the shock displayed on his face was so satisfying that I was no longer hungry for food.

I may be young, a child but I have always been observant person. Look at this old man clothed in casuals with a flower bouquet in his hands and a creepy gentle smile.

Even fish in the lake two kilometers away can tell what his intentions are.

Mamma doesn't like this man, which means he did something to hurt her severally. Mamma is a forgiving person on normal days but if she really dislikes this man who is also apparently my father, then there is definitely a catch here.

I looked at the man and pressed my lips in a displeased frown.

You hurt mamma and now want to apply ointment? Dream on! Mamma now has me!

"Little guy, I missed you so much!" Mamma squealed and hugged me tightly as she showered me with kisses. I laughed along with her and let her express her happiness because I love it when mamma does this.

"How's the surprise? I told grandpa not to tell you about our visit." I held her face in my hands and asked her in anticipation.

"Of course I'm pleasantly surprised. It's the first time I was away from you for so many days. I almost couldn't take it anymore and was planning to sneak out in a couple of days." Mamma chuckled and opened an umbrella and covered me from the blazing heat of the sun.

Mr. Ebernus cleared his throat and took a couple of steps towards us and stretched the hands towards mamma with a flower bouquet.

Hate to say it but the bouquet was really beautiful giving out sweet smell.

I slightly looked at mamma, when I saw frown on her face, I nodded to myself inwardly and understood my job immediately.

"Eblilis, this is for you." Mamma is now scowling after hearing his words.

What is Eblilis? It sounds weird!

"Don't want." She said curtly and turned around to leave with me in his arms.

He ran to the front and blocked mamma's path and offered the flowers again. "It doesn't mean anything. This is just a gesture of courtesy. Please accept these flowers. You will love them, I guarantee."

Gesture of courtesy? Which man gives flowers as a gesture of courtesy, smiling so constipatedly?

I could feel mamma's raising irritation so not wanting to spoil her mood, I took the baton from here. "Mr. Ebernus, my mamma is already holding such a big, beautiful and sweet flower in her hands. Can your flowers compare to what she has?"

"Am I right, mamma?" I turned and smiled at mamma waiting for her answer.

Soon enough, her face broke into several wrinkles with how big her smile is and nodded her head enthusiastically. "That's right. I have the most beautiful flower in my arms." She kissed my cheeks again and took me away into her tent leaving Mr. Ebernus with a despair sad look.

"Where is your grandpa?" She placed me on the convertible bed in her tent and brought a glass of juice for me.

"He said he will meet some staff members and then come to meet you."

"Alright. What did your grandma make for breakfast today?" She sat on the bed and sat me on her lap.

"Chicken sandwich, waffles with fruits and syrup, scrambled eggs and soaked dry fruits. Mamma, let me tell you, grandma is more obsessed with breakfast than you are." I always thought mamma is too particular about having a heavy breakfast but grandma is totally on another level.

Just so I can eat a lot, she makes me at least six to seven types of dishes so that I don't get bored and eat a lot. Soaked nuts and dry fruits are compulsory in the menu just like how mamma does.

"Breakfast is the most important meal of the day. When I and your Uncle Liam were much younger, she even used to stuff food in our mouth if we don't eat. Later on, we learnt the lesson and bowed down to her breakfast passion." So grandma is not so passionate recently; it has been going on for a long while now.

But it's good that grandma makes the tastiest breakfast ever. She even learns new things just so she could feed me.

"Mamma, what is he doing here? Did he come here before too?" I asked curiously, blinking my eyes at mamma innocently.

"You, little guy, should not get involved in adults matters. I can handle it so don't put yourself in the mess, okay?" She poked me on my nose.

Mamma is truly grandpa and grandma's daughter and Uncle Liam's sister. They are always on the same pitch.

"But he is my -" I stopped and coughed awkwardly before continuing. "If he is really who he is to me, if he hurt you for some reason in the past, then mamma, I am already in the mess and I have to protect you." I put all my efforts and tried to show how sincere I am with my duty.

"You should focus on your school and studies. I know how to protect myself, you little fluff."

"Mamma, my powers came from him, right?" Although mamma is avoiding his topic, I want to know more about the past so I can do my duty properly.

"Hmm." She hummed softly with no explanation.

"What did he do to make you dislike him so much, mamma?" I tried again. Mamma's face turned red with anger and gloominess as she narrowed her eyes at me.

This is the first time she gave me this look. Seems like I touched a hard spot in her heart.

"Sorry mamma, I just want to know if I should behave normally with him or not."

"You can be as you wish with him. What happened between us is not your concern. If you want him to be a father to you, then you can allow that as well. I know you guessed some of the story from the past and you came to understand a few relations so I won't stop you from seeking your father. I only ask you to be cautious."

"Okay, I understand." I nodded. Being as smart as I am, I can read between the lines easily.

Look at how soft hearted and reasonable mamma is. She was hurt by that man and clearly doesn't like me being with him but still she prioritized me first just so I can have a father figure in life.

If he could make such a sensible woman dislike him, he must've done something big in the past.

I spent two hours with mamma in her cabin and it was only after we were called for lunch did we both realized it was already noon and we both are hungry.

I ran out and saw that large unbrellas were lined up and several tables are placed under them. On one such table, grandpa is already arranging lunch for us.

"You both are finally out. I got you home cooked food by your mom." Mamma smiled at grandpa and sat on a chair while I sat on the chair beside her and grandpa on my other side.

A large figure suddenly sat beside mamma and it was none other than Mr. Ebernus. I totally forgot about him.

Why is he still here?

"Eblilis, Igses, there's a new restaurant that specializes in ancient recopies. I got some for you." He brought out several boxes of food and placed them on the table.

When the boxes are opened, I had to gulp down my desire and look nonchalant about it. It was so painful, really.

"Mr. Ebernus, this is a family lunch." Grandpa inputted smoothly.

"That's why I'm here." That man smiled creepily again and stole several glances at mamma which mamma, I and grandpa did not like.

"Her mom already made lots of food for her. It's a pity we have to refuse your hospitality." Wow, grandpa can sound lethal with such soft tone and simple words.

"That's okay, we can share. Sharing is caring, after all." Mamma and grandpa both seems to be losing their patience with this man because the way they are looking at him is a clear indication of it.

"I want to eat with mamma."

"I want to eat with your mamma too, little one."

"Don't call me that. And, I don't want you to eat with my mamma." I crossed my hands over my chest and looked at him gravely.

As grave as I can muster up!

"Then who can I eat with? I don't know many people here." This man has serious smiling problem. How can he look so gentle and yet send chills down the spine?

"I don't care. You can eat with anyone except mamma."

"Anyone?"

"Yes, but not mamma."

"Great, then I will have my lunch with you and Mr. Winters." He grinned and continued to serve food for himself and us which made the three of us speechless.

This is cheating!

You want to coax my mamma? Not going to happen, old man.

Hmph, let's see who will have the last laugh!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

Alright, please read my short story 'Marriage aftershocks' in Kiss; vote and comment. I guarantee you will like it a lot.

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Little Igses will be the cutest third wheel. Agree?

Igses knows how to block Tzalmon's advances tactically. Are you with me on this?

With Igses around, can Tzalmon win Acacia's heart?

Seems like Tzalmon's weapon to win is being shameless. Will it work though?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 132
**Tzalmon Point of View**

I thought a child is a firm bond between both the parents but here it is completely different.

The same bond is trying to cut off the bond between both the parents. To think that my little boy is so smart and persistent, I need to find a right way to deal with him.

The lunch can be said, both eventful and uneventful. They let be eat on the same table as them but did not touch anything I brought. They had their food and I had mine; quietly.

I could only listen to what they were talking. I tried to butt in for a couple of times but I was very smoothly cut off by my own son.

He did so effortlessly and efficiently that he gave me no way out. I even caught a slight, almost invisible, smile on Eblilis face whenever I was stopped by our son.

She was so proud!

I came here to achieve something and have a breakthrough from the distance between us. What is happening here?

I was not able to even have a sentence worth conversation with her.

Fate is truly cruel. It knows how to slap people at the right time in a right manner.

"Ms. Winters, can we talk in private?" Seeing that all my moves are being rejected and restricted, I can only talk to her with a professional front.

I had my hands on my back and stood in front of her arrogantly just like how a rich and powerful would. I gave a vibe of an employer wanting to have a chat with his employee.

Igses smiling face immediately turned sour with displeasure when he looked at me. "I need to have a detailed discussion about the project and it's development."

"Sure." Eblilis nodded indifferently and asked Igses to stay with his grandpa for a while.

"Mamma, can't I come with you? After I go back tonight, I will not be able to meet you for few more days. I will miss you." He hugged Eblilis leg and rubbed his cheek against her leg pitifully.

Eblilis only saw his sad pout and moist eyes when she agreed but only I saw the proud wink he gave me later on.

My own son is my love rival!

We walked to a place where the meeting is held usually here. She sat down with all the necessary files and her laptop and addressed me professionally.

"Although we have team of interior designers, the interiors crew from my company is not too exceptional. They are amazing but I also want you look for more varied teams and then come to a conclusion. Since there is still time for the construction to end, you can use this time to test several designers before you make a decision, Mr. Ebernus." Saying, she passed on a folder with pictures of past works that her interiors team did.

I went through the pictures only for namesake but pretended to be very serious. "You can decide on it. We will do however you say."

"That's not right. You are the employer; you will have to pay for it so you will have the last say. I can only customize as per my employers wishes in my stream of work." Heh! She is being too stiff and professional. How am I going to crack it?

"Same difference. It's as much yours as mine." I waved my hand and said casually.

"Sorry?"

"This project, I mean. It's as much mine as it is yours." I corrected with a small smile. Seeing me changing my tone and words efficiently, she narrowed her eyes at me.

"As the chairperson and owner, you are to decide nonetheless. Once the construction of first three blocks takes a shape, I shall present you with the plan of shopping area." She said with a nod as she pulled out a file and went on to study it before she gave it to me for signature.

"This is the production cost to the date. You can sign this and take the copy for your own filing. To make it easier for you, you can see the list of interior companies and teams I prepared. They are good at their work and those marked in star are exceptionally creative. You can maybe test them out slowly and choose the most fitting ones." As she was talking on and on, I looked at her as if I fell in a spell.

Mesmerized, surprised, I felt a kind of calmness rose in my heart. She was only talking about work but my brain mostly focused how the expressions on her face changed from serious to frown to many more as she was explaining me.

She was gorgeous and definitely undeniably adorable.

Heck, even her hair that was caressing her face gently with wind made my heart skip a beat. When I say she is absolutely gorgeous, it is an understatement.

She is just so natural even if she is not smiling.

Unconsciously, I raised my hand slowly and proceeded towards the lock of hair what was freely flying on her face. Holding it between two of my fingers, I settled it behind her ear securely, touching her smooth skin on her cheek on the way.

Eblilis went still from my sudden action and looked at me with wide eyes. She was so shocked that I know she wanted to say or do something that her mind went blank.

Her wide eyes looked at me while I looked at her with a small smile, this time it was genuine. Just as I secured the lock behind the ear, don't know where and when it came, a small hand pushed my hand away from her ear.

This broke the spell when the small hand released the lock of hair back on the face and held Eblilis face.

"Mamma looks the best your hair is disheveled and flying around lawlessly." I heard the childish voice and turned to look at my son who was being a constant third wheel.

Igses climbed into Eblilis lap, ruffled her hair, pushed her hair as he liked and finally when she looked as messy as a ghost would, he nodded in satisfaction finally and held her face in his two small hands.

Placing a kiss on her forehead and both the cheeks, he smiled sweetly at the person who was being more like a puppet in his hands.

"Mamma, you have such beautiful long hair. Don't let some stranger man tame it. Now you look more beautiful." He said as he nodded at his art work proudly.

Eblilis breathed out a scoff and twisted Igses ear gently in a reprimanding manner. "You made me look like a ghoul."

"Then you will be the only beautiful ghoul in the universe." Without missing a beat, his comment followed, making Eblilis smile happily.

She then turned to me and her smile disappeared immediately. "I hope you keep your limbs to yourself if you ever want to keep them at all."

"Who will stop me? Will you?" I was actually amused by her threat. So I went along and teased her just so I could have a more natural conversation with her.

"Mamma doesn't have to dirty her hands when she has me to do it." There he goes again.

I think I need to settle the score with my son if I want his mother.

"And how will you do it? Are you capable enough to fight me?" I smiled mockingly at him. The little face turned red in anger from being looked down so he waved his hand and a sand twister emerged out of nowhere.

The sand twister surrounded me and whenever I tried to move, an invisible shield caged me in a certain part of the area.

Even in such a muddy surroundings, I could still see a proud smile on my son's face. I was actually very impressed with the control he had when he used his powers.

This is the first time I saw him use them and I can easily tell what kind of command he has in his powers. Although the sand twister could hurt me, it will be just superficial wounds. The most impressive was the invisible cage he placed around me.

The shield is like it has a mind of its own. As if it was not built on qualitative or quantitative basis but it was solely built for me. No matter how strong or weak I am, in this shield cage, I will not be invincible.

For him to build such a shield in a matter of seconds and so creatively, I couldn't help but feel pride fill my heart.

With a wave of my hand, the sand twister vanished immediately. Seeing me unscratched and well, Igses face turned into a frown.

"Boy, even if I don't have my powers right now, I am still your father and your powers cannot hurt me. Because they came from me." I smirked at the little one as I teased him.

Eblilis did not come between both of us. She did not stop Igses nor me when we are playing mind games.

I was enjoying the scowl on my son's face when it suddenly turned into a fully blown smile. He raised his hands at his mother and she instantly picked him up in her arms.

"Hah, seems like he is too powerful. Let's just leave mamma." He was naturally pretending to be disappointed.

I raised a brow at him and squinted my eyes at him in confusion. He wiggled his brows at me and said something that made the pride in my heart soar up a little more and also feel extremely helpless.

"If you cannot be hurt, you can still be restrained. The shield is not taken down yet. Hope the oh-so-powerful Mr. Ebernus can take down the petty simple shield around you." With that he patted Eblilis shoulder and she walked away with him wordlessly.

And just like that, I was left inside an unbreakable shield for the whole night alone.
**
~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Igses is so damn possessive. Agree?

For Tzalmon's actions, there is an equal and opposite Igses reaction.

Don't you think Acacia is a little, negligible amount of, gentle towards Tzalmon?

What do you think will Tzalmon do to settle down Igses?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 133
**Tzalmon point of View**

"He is so mischievous!" I mumbled to myself not knowing whether to cry or laugh.

I was never this naughty when I was a child and as per the understanding I had of Eblilis childhood, I heard she was lively and active but not mischievous. How come our son turned out to be so playful!

No matter what strategy I came up with to get close to his mother, he would counterattack me always and it doesn't matter if he was with us or far from us. It seems like his means of doing things are quite wide.

But what surprised me the most was the level of scheming his small head could come up with. His age and his profound intelligence are not equally proportionate at all.

It took me two days and one night to get out of the shield he trapped me in and I know that he loosened the power of the shield deliberately so that I can break out of it.

Which means, he knows his limitations while doing things.

In the next few days, no matter how many ways I chose to close the distance between Eblilis and I, either Igses or his arranged obstacles would stand in between stop me.

So I decided to address the prominent figure standing in between us first before I chase after his mother.

After Igses came back from his class trip four days ago, I started to actively pick him up from the school and drop him at Winters or at Thunders with Mr. Winters.

Mr. Winters almost skinned me when I went to pick him up four days ago but my little son, as tricky as he is, said he didn't mind to be picked up by me and assured Mr. Winters to not worry about him at all.

I was stunned!

More than stunned, I was a little worried because I thought he would resist me but he actually didn't mind my approach at all. This got me worried.

While I picked him from the school and dropped him back at Winters residence, I would drive and he would sit in the back seat like a young master of a wealthy family.

Neither of us talked to each other all this while. I didn't know he has such restraint over himself; he did not even ask my intention behind doing this but he is so chill about it.

Say, what is he confident about?

Thinking about him, I patiently waited for him near the parking area of the school. Soon long lines of kids were lead by their teachers to the front ground. One after the other, the kids are being sent away after checking the identity of their respective guardians.

Checking my identity, Igses was allowed to leave with me. With his school bag on his back, is little hands behind his back, he raised his head to look at me like an elder who has seen a lot of the world and is ready to impart the knowledge.

He nodded once curtly which I returned back and led him to an ice cream parlor just on the other side of the street. He didn't mind the small change of plan and went along.

We found a table by the window and sat down across each other. Soon a waiter brought a menu card and waited for our orders.

"I would like to have mixed fruit salad with vanilla and pistachio flavored scoops of ice cream on it please and hot chocolate to go later." The little one sure knows his preference well.

"Cassata and hot chocolate to go later." I ordered briefly and gave the menu card back.

While the waiter went back to bring our orders, I looked at my son who has his attention drawn to the bustling street before him.

I waited and waited and still waited for him to ask something; anything but he behaved as if he is not interested at all.

It was then I realized that my son's restraint and patience is far stronger than mine. Unable to take it anymore, I finally strike the conversation for the first time in the past few days.

"Are you not worried your mother will feel nervous if you are with me?" I placed my elbow on the table and supported my head in my hand as I asked casually.

Igses glanced at me briefly and just shrugged, "No."

"Why not?" He doesn't want me near his mother but he is alright to be with me by himself?

"You are not talented enough." He again answered quite casually.

"Not talented in enough in what?"

"Attracting my attention."

"Why do you think I want to do so? You are my flesh and blood so spending time with you is natural."

"Not when the mother of your flesh and blood is at odds with you and your flesh and blood supports his mother eternally." Both the mother and son are so -

Damnation, I cannot even say they are hard headed because this is the consequence of my own actions.

However, I'm rather happy that my son is really hard to deal with. He makes me interested in him and love him more.

"You don't even know what happened between your mother and me. Aren't you judging me too quickly?" I was actually curious of what he thinks of me.

"Doesn't matter. I'm not a judge here to consider evidences and come to a conclusion. Fact is my mamma raised me and she was somehow hurt because of you in the past." Now, this got me speechless.

He truly meant it. He did not care about knowing the whole story of the past. Regardless, he will always support his mother.

My heart was immediately pierced with guilt instantly. If everything was well in the past, my son would've showed the same passion towards me as well.

Eblilis raised him really well. He is clear minded and knows where he stands well. It is not a wonder that he turned out to be a naughty boy. He was raised without any burden on his shoulder.

He didn't have to learn all kind of arts against his will, he didn't have to fight for the throne, He didn't have his parents breathing down his neck, his mother does not expect him to become something big and give her a prominent position in life. He was given enough freedom to live his childhood as he wants, carefree and burden free.

He was taught well and was given the chance to perceive life and people on his own accord without pressuring others views on him.

"So even I repent, you will not let me get close to your mother?"

"Do you?" Is it really a five year old speaking?

Why do I feel like I'm speaking to centuries' old ancestor?

"Of course I do."

"How?"

"What do you mean?"

"How are you repenting? On what issues are you repenting? Most importantly, why are you repenting?" Stumped, I narrowed my eyes at his glittering wise ones.

This son of mine is too clever.

"Does it matter?"

"It means you are not repenting for all the right reasons."

"How do you know that? Am I not putting in a lot of effort to at least be on friendly terms with your mother to start with?" By the time I finished, our orders were brought and Igses immediately pounced on ice cream.

With fresh fruits and ice cream together, he is glowing in satisfaction. I noted down this in my mind under his likes.

"A few months ago, for the first time ever, I lost my temper and broke a vase at home. Mamma did not scold me, instead, he got all the equipment for pottery and put it before me. She said I will not be going to school that day and cannot get up until I make a vase to replace the broken one. Although I'm highly talented in many things and my learning ability is astounding, I was still a child. For a four year old to make such a vase is almost impossible." He started narrating while his attention was still on his food.

Hearing this, I was taken aback by the strict and harsh side a parent that Eblilis showed.

"Then what happened?" Involved in the story, I want to know how they solved the problem.

"Mamma too took a leave from office and worked from home that day. I watched pottery related videos and tried many times but no matter what, I could even make the clay stand on top of the spinning wheel. For the whole day, apart from eating a little and going to bathroom, I spent all my time in attempting to make a vase. At the end of the day, mamma saw that I was still struggling so she helped me out in making a small vase. Once the vase was made and I decorated it, I apologized to mamma."

"Why didn't you apologize when you broke it?"

"What reason should I apologize for?"

"For breaking the vase, of course."

"Then if the vase was broken accidently and I apologized then, what is the difference? At the end of that day, I apologized for breaking it in steam of anger. I apologized because I didn't realize the value of an object that I broke. I apologized because after breaking it, it cannot be fixed to its original shape. I apologized because I let my anger get better of me and chose such a way to show it. If it was not just a vase and if it was person that I hurt, that I broke, what will I do then? No matter what I did, I cannot replace it with a new one. So I apologized for not knowing the value of things and people I have around me. A day of effort and constant failure taught me this. Now, why and on what reasons are you repenting?"

For what reason am I trying to correct myself? His question caused me reevaluate myself again.

At that moment, when I looked at the bright boy before me, I understood clearly without a doubt why he chose his mother over me.

I didn't know how to respond because I have no answer to it. I continued to stare at him as he ate his ice cream. With mind full of thoughts, I ate my own food when my phone rang and I heard something unbelievable from Gyles.

"Majesty, There is Mr. Damian Collymore who knocked on Winters door saying he suddenly has memories of Lady Dawn and wants to know how she is."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Igses is the right opponent for Tzalmon. Only the little boy can keep the old one in check.

Who want a son like Igses? Make an Igses fanpage here itself.

Wait. Damon? Who is Damon? If you have read the first book, you will know clearly who Damon is. He is mention in the first ###chapter of first book.

Someone related to Acacia's past gained his memories back suddenly. What is this new twist now?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 134
**Acacia Point of View**

This new development not only surprised me but also worried me to no end.

On one hand, I was a little happy but on the other, I cannot realize how I should feel anymore. The first person to regain the past memories was not one from my family but one of my best friends.

With a concerned frown, I looked at the man sitting right before me investigating the matter silently. I shared a glance with mom and dad before glancing back between Jerk and Damien.

"Did you do something?" Seems like the recipient of my inquiry realized who I was asking and immediately raised his hands in surrender and shook his head.

"This is as much shock to me as it is to anyone here." I narrowed my eyes at the Jerk and when I confirmed that he really had nothing to do with it, I turned my attention to Damien not knowing what and how to ask.

It was so awkward to become a stranger to my best friends who grew up with me and shared all my secrets.

"So you have some memories of my sister and us from the past that you didn't have before, yes?" Liam took the chance and picked a straight direction.

Damien who was as confused as he was few minutes ago when I arrived, nodded but still was able to keep his composure.

"That's right. I could remember the events of most of my life. Nowhere in it was Acacia Winters ever. But suddenly I was punched by these strange memories which I can choose to ignore but the feelings they gave me shook my heart."

"May I know what these memories are exactly?" I asked, playing with my fingers nervously. My eyes landed on Damien's face which was contorted confusion and helplessness.

He must be feeling really weird with the sudden changes in his subconscious mind.

"Acacia Dawn Winters, according to those flashes of dream or memories, is one of my best friends who I grew up with. We met in seventh grade for the first time when my family transferred to Charleston and went to the same class as her. Also we did not click right away, we were still polite classmates to each other. It was only after doing several science and arts projects in the same group did we become close and I became a part of her closest friends circle."

My eyes widened when every word he said registered in my head. That was exactly how we met and how our friendship grew. He was the last person to join my closest friends circle and from then on, all of us are inseparable.

"What stumped me was, my family really settled in Charleston when I was in seventh grade. I was indeed a part of a small friends group however, according to my original memories and new memories, everything was same except in my original memories, Acacia Winters and Ruby Nithercott were not the part of the team. The new flashes of memories suggest that Ruby was my girlfriend yet, originally, she was only my classmate and has her own circle." So when I was cleared from memories of this world, the fill up of the past memories made things slightly different.

Ruby and Damien was brought by me into the friends circle so without me, Ruby had no connecting link to enter while Damien still got in because in the school projects, there's also Carter in the same team.

"Then because of Carter, you found your interest in Architecture in the final year of high school." Damien did not know his interested path in the beginning but was actually influenced by me and Carter when we always talked about how good it would be if we build something which will have our signature flavor.

Since I was not in his memories, Carter must have been the major drive for him.

Apparently, my guess was right when Damien's eyes widened and mumbled in horror. "How do you know?"

"In your new memories, it should be me and Carter to drive you into Architecture, isn't it? If I was not there in your original memories, then Carter should be your major driving force."

"That's right." He mumbled in bewilderment again and looked at me seriously suddenly. "What exactly is happening? Why will I have another set of memories that does not belong to me and how do you know so much about it?"

"Before you know everything, when exactly did you get these memories back and why did you want to find Acacia Winters of your memories instead of going to some shrink and get a consultation?" As much as I hate Jerk for asking something like this, it's not a lie that even I want to know the matter he asked about.

So I did not retort back and calmly waited for Damien's answer and so did everyone else.

"Nearly ten days ago. I started to have some flashes on Tuesday last week and started to get more and more in the next two days. I did call all my friends and told them about the matter but they thought I lost my mind from working harder than I could take. I did want to go to a Shrink but it would be more reasonable if I first find out more about the person from my new flash of memories, know if she exists or not and then go find a therapist accordingly." As reasonable of him as ever!

Even in such a horrific and mystifying time, he could still think and act accordingly. I couldn't help but reveal a small smile on my face as I saw the hint of my old friend in him again.

"What is the last memory of mine then?"

"You, me and our friends were on a trip and took a ship to visit several places by water. There was a huge wave that knocked the ship lightly but nothing happened to anyone. However, you disappeared from the memory then." That was when I and the others drowned and I ended on that island.

Thinking about it now, my eyes slightly widened when I looked at Jerk and asked, "Was that an illusion?"

"It is." He nodded making me both angry and gratified at the same time. Angry because he played with me from the very beginning and used my friends death as well in order to make me frightened and submissive. Gratified because it was only an illusion and nothing really happened to any of my friends.

"Illusion? What is?" Damien posed in confusion. He looked between me, Jerk and everyone for answers.

I opened my mouth, about to tell him the truth when Liam stood up and wrapped his arm over Damien's shoulder as he pulled him towards veranda upstairs.

"Let me tell you what is happening." Liam said and blinked at me making me feel warm in my heart.

The past still hurt my heart and my brother knows that well. Just so I don't reminisce them all over again, he took it upon himself as a narrator.

Just as Damien and Liam were halfway through the stairs, I called out Damien's name and looked at him seriously. "Blue bird with white wings -" I paused, which he immediately completed instinctively.

"We are Swablu like dragon kings." He said so instinctively as if it was engrained in his system.

"A slogan Acacia made when she was so obsessed with Swablu in Pokémon." Although he referred me as a third person, I'm still happy that he still knows the slogan.

The slogan one of the things that I made and will naturally not be in his later memories after my existence was wiped out.

This is to make sure I was not being fooled or Damien was not being used by someone. Now, I'm clear that Damien indeed regain his memories with me.

But why now, why him?

Liam led Damien away leaving me with my family, Jerk and Azar.

"Are you getting your powers back?" The first thing dad asked after long minutes of thoughtful silence was about the possibility of Jerk powers coming back.

My spine went stiff at the mere thought of it. If he really got his powers back, then what if he forcibly take me and Igses back with him?

"Not that I'm aware of. Except for the most basic skills, I still have no powers at all." I can see even Jerk is puzzled by it.

I was a little relieved in my heart.

"Why Damien; why is it not my mom, dad or Liam to get their memories back?" I posed looking at everyone in their own deep thoughts.

After all they are my family by blood then why not them?

"He said it started last Tuesday. Why only then? Did something happen or did he trigger something to get back his original memories?" To what mom asked, we only got curious but neither of us has any answer.

"This is rather worrying." Jerk exclaimed as if he realized something.

"What is it?" We all asked in unison.

"It is highly possible that it has nothing to do with me. Remember, I was actually caged in Igses shield last Tuesday."

That's right!

Jerk was blocked by Igses shield that day. As much as Igses said, his shield will block all the powers from outside to get inside and inside to outside.

If he was caged and only Jerk has the power to trigger the memories back, not to mention he was caged for two days straight -

Wait!

Nearly ten days ago. I started to have some flashes on Tuesday last week and started to get more and more in the next two days.

Started to get more and more in the next two days.

In the next two days when Jerk was -

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

So Damien got his memories back in real. Your views?

Why Damien of all people? Does this have anything to do with Tzalmon or not?

If not Tzalmon then who might've triggered it? 

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love 

Lady Prim**


###chapter 135
**Acacia Point of View**

"Another uncle?" I nodded.

"He is called Uncle Damien?" I nodded again, seeing my son evaluate Damien with his scrutinizing eyes.

Damien seems to be enjoying the attention as well so he kept giving Igses gentle smiles.

"He is your best friend?"

"One of my best friends, yes." Igses heard me and turned to Damien. He circled him a couple of time and after ten minutes of silent examination, a full blown smile snaked on his little face.

"It's nice meeting you, Uncle Damien. My name is Igses Dawn Winters. I'm my mamma's son and the love of her life." He introduced himself respectfully but with a highly friendly grin.

Love of my life? Indeed he is but where did he learn to be such a narcissist all of a sudden?

"Hello Igses. It is nice meeting you too. I couldn't come and meet you earlier, I'm sorry." Damien rubbed igses head and tapped his nose with his finger.

"Not a problem, Uncle Damien. Adults have so many things to take care of, I understand." Damien's eyes widened slightly when he heard Igses words. He glanced at me briefly, telling me silently that my little guy is brilliant.

"Yes. Adults do have a lot of things to deal with." Damien sighed and picked Igses up to sit him on his lap.

Although it was just a reply to Igses's previous statement, I still knew Damien meant about the things I have been handling all these years.

It took Liam a whole day to tell the whole situation and the past to Damien. If I were to tell it, I wouldn't be able to because there are a few things I don't want to revisit them even as a memory recollection.

Liam knew this so he took up the charge of clearing out every doubt and confusion time has presented to Damien. Surprisingly, after getting to know the truth, the few memory potholes that Damien has, had been filled and he recollected all the memories of us from back then.

It was only then did his earlier state of mind was synced well with the original memories and he was able to believe everything.

What I was most grateful of was, Damien, being the ever most sensible guy, did not ask, question or checked with me about what he heard from Liam. He did not even mention it to me and only talked about our own memories with our group in the past.

Sigh! If their memories were not tampered with, would he and Ruby be together already? Would they have been in a solid relationship or perhaps married?

"Uncle Damien, are you an architect like mamma?" Igses asked, pulling me out of my thoughts.

"Yes. Your mamma and I have three more friends. Of which, your Uncle Carter, Aunt Anne and I started a firm in our final year of our graduation." This got me surprised!

Back then, we all planned out to start our own firm in the final year. I didn't know they still realized that dream even without me and Ruby.

On one hand I am genuinely happy for them while on the other hand, I am sad that the dream we saw together did not included me and Ruby.

"Alright, go on and complete your homework now. Didn't you say you have a spellings test tomorrow?" I waved at Igses and pointed my finger at the clock. Igses noticed that it was pretty late and still have to complete his homework so he hurriedly ran out after telling his 'byes'.

After Igses left, I turned to Damien and got him a cup of coffee and tea for myself before getting back to our conversation.

"Igses seems to be very protective over you. The way he scanned me earlier and only after he did not feel anything strange from me did he return back to his normal mood."

"Don't even talk about it. He is too cautious about people around me." I chuckled when I remembered about all those times he grounded me as punishment for not dealing with the bad guy immediately.

"Anyways, where is your firm? How are you all doing? Are you still single or in a relationship? What about others?" I rained him with questions which, he answered patiently.

"It is called 'Dream Architects', in Charleston for now but the plans to have branches in few more cities is still in process right now. Carter and Anne are doing more than fine. I am still single because I was busy with work and also, for some reason, I did not feel like dating anyone yet."

"May be because somewhere deep down, you - felt for Ruby." I said carefully not wanting to pry too much or say too much.

"Maybe, maybe not."

"I'm sorry. I am partly, indirectly a cause for your separation with Ruby. If not, you would still remember Ruby and maybe, you would have a different life now." No matter who did it and for what reason, I am partly the cause.

"That is true but it might not be a happy different life."

"Hmm?"

"We had a few differences between us that year before you went missing. We would have been in an unstable relationship or perhaps not have been together anymore today because we had many misunderstandings that year."

"But it did not seem so? You both hid it well."

"Thinking about it now, I feel like we both overreacted over simple things. I was not as reasonable I should be and she was not as active as should be." We were not as matured as we are now. At that age, ego and pride plays a huge role in influencing our emotions.

It is no wonder if they have some differences. But I still think they should've overcome them anyhow. But now, they were just classmates and no more than strangers.

"Is she -" Damien realized what I wanted to ask so he smiled wryly and nodded his head.

"Last time in the class reunion party an year ago, she announced that she was engaged and will be getting married in a couple of years if everything goes right. It's said that it was a match arranged by her family and she was satisfied and happy then when she was announcing the news."

Now I'm more than just guilty. Why should things turn out this way?

If whatever happened between them was their choices, then it would still be fine but this all happened because of one careless act of wiping out my identity.

I cannot help but feel pain for him. With memories, those past feelings should've resurfaced too. He can neither proceed nor retreat now.

What a pickle of a mess it is!

"Damien, I am truly -"

"Leave about me. Think that it all happened because of fate. You tell me, when you came back to this world, you have no identity then how did 'ID Designs' come to existence?" I was thankful for his obvious try to change the topic.

"I first got an identification card from an illegal dealer and sat for high school exams again. A few months after I passed it, my friend pulled out some means and I sat for University graduation final exams from New York University. As soon as I got the degree for Architecture, I and Aviva, my friend, started our own firm."

"Liam said that before establishing the firm, you used to do some odd jobs and errands for living and hardly earned anything for yourself. It must've been hard on you with a child and nothing in hand." He tried to cover up the sympathy and pain but he still spilled it out a little in the way he frowned.

Although I did not like others to feel sympathy for me, it still made me happy that Damien at least understood me without judging me randomly.

That was enough!

"Hard, but Igses made everything worth it. Aviva was great help too. If it wasn't for her, I wouldn't be here as well."

"Hmm. So what should we do about Carter, Anne and Ruby then? Should we tell them the truth?" I shook my head, straight away rejecting the idea.

"It's a waste of time and effort. They will not believe it. Not at least before they get back their memories too. The whole thing is not a simple issue; it involves something supernaturally unexplainable and believable. Now is not the time. Since you remember me, the same way, one day they might remember me as well."

"That's true." He sighed and rubbed his forehead in frustration. I chuckled at his attempt to simply the new information in his mind and get in terms of it.

"Then what about - him?" From the hesitation, I could tell that the 'him' he was talking about is the Jerk.

"Nothing. He came to this world an year or so ago, we only met few weeks ago, his powers are restrained his so he can be counted as a normal human. He has been trying to enter my good books but I am not interested in it." I shrugged, summarizing everything briefly.

"Why not?" Now this question is unexpected from him.

What does he mean 'why not?'?

"Of course I don't want such a man in my life. He is nothing but an animal to me." I said with a frown.

"Do you hate him so much?"

"I despise him and so does my family." I looked at Damien and he was already staring at me as if I am a child who needs enlightenment.

"You know, as much I hate him for what he did to you, he is not completely so bad." I'm sorry?

He is not completely bad? He is bad to core.

Damien, did you lose your mind in these past few years?

"You must be joking right?" I laughed out, waiting for him to say 'it's just a joke'. But that never came. He was actually staring at me seriously.

"I only know what Liam told me. So I will tell you what I feel based on the very little information I have. You were abducted. Imprisoned, had to carry his child and many more but I did not hear Liam say that he forced a marriage on you. Did he force you marry him?"

His question, although simple, stumped me.

"No." I answered without thinking.

"Did he try to separate you and Igses?" I thought about it and shook my head again.

"Then did he impose any rules and perimeters on you to make your life hard?"

Jerk was a big jerk and had many rules in kingdom. While I did have to follow a few, I was still spared from those that made it hard for me to live.

So in answer, I shook my head.

"Did he hurt you physically or apart from the time you were locked in the castle, were you implicated emotionally or mentally?"

"I was but not as much or not at least directly by him. But he did use me and Igses as bait to kill his enemy."

"That is unforgivable. But apart from that, I don't think he is not inflexible. He can be taught. He was powerful man, Acacia. He was a king, a person who ruled a whole realm of supernatural race. He was born and brought up in a certain way that he has to be selfish. But he was still considered to have gone very easy on you after Igses was born. Didn't he? He let you have your own independent life somewhere else and did not interfere much."

"So you mean, I should forgive him?" I exclaimed, looking at Damien in shock.

"No. He now has neither magical powers nor his kingdom, he is taking steps in learning different way of life, why don't you take this opportunity to act while the iron is still hot?"

Huh?

Act while the iron is hot? Act on what?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Do you think Damien's opinion on Tzalmon is right?

Finally, someone from Acacia's side to tell the positive points of Tzalmon and not focus on all his negatives.

But Acacia needed it. Didn't she?

She has always been hating Tzalmon indiscriminately. Now that there is someone to point out his positives too, will Acacia have a change of mind.

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 136
**Tzalmon Point of View**

Staring down at Edus and the other subjects of my court, I couldn't believe where I was standing right now.

I still cannot believe the sudden changes that took place in just this one week of time.

"Lord Noril, Lord Kergare, get a group of our elite men and their families to be sent to mortal world with me." I ordered and turned my attention to all the scrolls of affairs of the kingdom waiting for me from the past several months.

"Yes, your Majesty." They both spoke in unison.

"They will not be able to access their supernatural powers and strength for time period. It will be best if the team you choose is better in adjusting to the surroundings easily. They will be educated and trained under Eelk once we are back to the mortal world."

"As per your wish, Majesty."

With more and more people from kingdom coming to the mortal world, it will be easier to settle them down in batches in future. They need time to learn about the mortal way of life so it is still better to take them there in batches.

Not to mention how my trusted men should still be keeping an eye here, it is also needed for me to go back and forth between both the realms now that the access is loosened.

"But Majesty, what might be the reason for you to able to come back and forth between our realm and the mortal realm now?" Lord Noril raised the very doubt that even I'm looking answer for.

"Something happened a few days ago which might've caused few changes. What might be the cause is what I'm investigating as we speak."

"Alright, Edus, cooperate with both the Lords to gather families of the elite team. Summon Grand Lord Aubessee before you leave." I waved and they left with a bow.

Before Aubessee is here, I sorted out all the work so that I can have a detailed discussion. By the time I finished addressing the kingdom affairs, Aubessee final arrived.

"Your Majesty." The old man who has been living for nearly more than thousand years now, bowed and greeted me.

He is the only grand lord from my grandfather's generation who was alive and who also have great knowledge with a perspective mind.

"Have a seat, Lord Aubessee. It's only us here, there is no need to be so formal between us." I smiled.

He nodded and took a seat before looking back at me curiously. "You have changed, Majesty."

"I did, didn't I?" I chuckled, showing my carefree side to him.

He was my grandfather's best friend and more like another grandfather to me. When my father turned to wrong path and created a chaos in the kingdom, he was the one who spent a lot of power to protect me from becoming my father's puppet.

If it wasn't for him, I would be like Vizac, who was only a puppet in my father's hands to realize his own greed.

"I've been getting the news of how you are doing in the mortal world through Edus. It looks like you are having a hard time there but still holding it well."

"I need to fix what I needed to. There is no 'but' and 'ifs' even if I have to put a lot of efforts. However, the time dilation and the restriction of our powers were totally unexpected." I heaved heavily and looked at him seriously to know his thoughts on the matter.

"Unexpected definitely. So now our people can move between both the realms freely?"

"Not really. They can only with my permission and we still don't have access to our powers in the human world. It's just that the travel between both the realms is now available." This is really getting weird now.

After Damien got his memories back, the travel restriction between both the realms has loosened up, giving us easy entrance to go back and forth.

"And you can use your powers as usual in the kingdom but not in the human world." I nodded and confirmed it.

"In that case, isn't it time to undo the existence spell you did back then and give back the memories of Lady Dawn to the human world again?" Ah, now this is the problem here.

"That is what I thought the moment I came here and found out I still have my magic. However I realized that no matter how many times I tried, the spell is not working." I say, why am I being played like this?

Who is doing this to me?

It's like putting my favorite food in the plate before me and I'm still unable to touch it. It is purely torturous.

"Hmm? Why do you think it did not work?" Although he was curious, I can still tell from the glint in his wise eyes that he somehow knows the answer to this.

"I think it can only undo the spell when I and Acacia are in same world. However, I cannot use my magic in the human realm."

"Isn't this easy? You should've brought her and young prince back, since you have the ability to take people with you." His suggestion only made me sad a little more.

I did think of it before. I so wanted to bring them back; bless me, I was so tempted to do so every minute of my stay here.

"No."

"Why not?"

"I don't want to make the same mistake again. I will wait for the restrictions to break or by some miracle or grace, I will wait for Acacia to forgive me and give us a chance." I've learnt my lesson and I don't want to walk the same path again.

I did it once for which I'm still paying repercussions for. I wasn't able to solve the matter yet and couldn't make a small place in Eblilis and Igses life. If it repeat the same willful mistake again, I will have nothing in life anymore.

"You've really changed. I'm happy for you, Tzalmon." For a moment I was stunned when he addressed me by my name.

He only does that when he is really happy. I smiled back at him gratefully and nodded in appreciation.

"Coming back to the reason why I called you here, I know that these past several months has been good in rebuilding your health so I want you to come with me to the mortal world this time since you are fine now." Although I am the most powerful and definitely more powerful than him, he is still the one with most knowledge and experience.

Also he is the senior most in the kingdom in terms of age. Now that he has a chance, I want his assistance in evaluating the recent turn of events.

He agreed readily, so I gave him the detailed synopsis of what exactly happened from the moment we all got to the mortal world for the first time.

After listening to everything, he told me that he needs to prepare few things and read a few books before we leave. So I gave three days of time to prepare everything and perhaps brings to books back with him.

The first time I felt something strange a few days ago, I only thought that it was just an illusion that I keep getting the visions of my kingdom. Later on, the same thing happened with Gyles, Azar and Eelk as well and it happened repeatedly so we realized what the visions meant.

We only tried it out without any hope but we did not think that we were pulled back to my realm, to the royal castle.

After testing out for a couple of times, it was clear that the portal between both the worlds is now completely open the time dilation did not happen. So after the other three went back to human world immediately, I stayed back to take care of the impending affairs and settle few things before going back.

I was missing for nearly a week now, will Eblilis miss me? Will she at least think about me?

What about Igses? I wasn't there to pick him up from school; will he miss the little time we spent together?

Speaking of Igses, I have a small inkling that the reason behind the sudden changes in the portal or the reason why Damien got his memories back might have his hand as well.

Thinking back, I think I and Igses are both the factors involved but why and how, is still unknown. Igses locked me in a shield for two days and a night, the same time when Damien started to get his memories back.

If it is Igses powers that triggered the change, then it would've happened way before because Igses has used his powers before as well. At that time, when I was locked in the invisible shield, I tried to summon my sealed powers and break the shield.

Although I couldn't use them, it must've still triggered something that collided with Igses powers and brought in the recent changes.

If this theory of mine is plausible, then what, from my end, triggered?

This is also something we have to figure out as soon as possible. So, while Aubessee will be doing this for me, I will spend my time making some place for myself in Eblilis and Igses heart and life.

I believe that if I try sincerely, one day in near or far future, they will feel something for me.

Something else from despise and hate!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

The change has started. Slow, but started at last. Your views?

Tzalmon at least knows what he shouldn't do to make it worse now. One star for him.

The portal between the Dr'helellion's realm and the mortal realm has stablized. 

Will Tzalmon and his people get their powers back in the human realm too?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 137
**Acacia Point of View**

Jerk went of a business trip? Alone? Without taking any of his subordinates?

Nay, he is not that normal!

He loves to show off, he loves to display his power over his people and he mostly loves getting people to do work for him.

He actually went on a trip - a business trip that too?

Something is definitely wrong here!

"Huh, mamma, I'm so jealous." I came out of my thoughts and looked at the little guy standing in front of the wall length mirror and doing his neck bow.

I raised a brow at him and gave him an all over, "Jealous of whom?"

"Of course, myself. Just look at me, I'm cute, handsome, manly, kind, caring, loveable, talented and creative. Sometimes, even I'm jealous of myself." Igses looked at himself in the mirror and sighed again as he looked at himself with jealousy and envy.

There was also a visible hint of admiration in his eyes for himself.

I exhaled a laugh and poked his forehead gently, giving him a playful glare. "You are worrying too much, my son."

Igses snapped his head to look at me and gasped dramatically. "Mamma, you don't have to comfort me. I know you don't want to praise me because you worry that I will become too self centered. To be honest, even you know what I said is right."

Why didn't I realize that the little guy's self-love has reached to this level?

I only thought he loves himself a lot and took great care of himself but this is -

"Little guy, it's just a small get-together office party. You should dress comfortably. Why are you in a three piece suit for no good reason?" I sat down and arranged the neck-bow for him neatly.

After the bow is neatly tied, I took a comb to style his hair but he took my phone and showed me a picture of a Korean actor in my phone and asked me to style it in that way.

I looked at the picture and styled his hair in curtain fringe. Once I'm done, he turned to look at him in the mirror again and nodded his head in satisfaction.

"Thank you, mamma. Also, you are welcome." The little guy smiled at himself in the mirror and admired himself a little more.

"Welcome for what? I did not thank you for anything."

"Aren't you over the grandmother of cloud nine when you look at your son? You surely used all the good luck when you gave birth to me." Okay. I admit defeat.

I cannot win him when he is in his self-love mood. His retorts get too mushy whenever he is too much into himself.

"By the way, you look absolutely stunning, mamma. No wonder I am so vibrant." Yes, yes, you are so great!

Alright, I get it.

"Thank you so much, son." I pecked him on his cheek and picked him in my arms and went downstairs where others are already waiting for us.

"What took you so long? You weren't so pressed on overly getting dressed before?" Damien started to complain the moment he saw me.

Damien, Liam and Dad are in their suits while I, mamma and Viva are in long party gowns. It's a party arranged by Jerk's company for their employees and mine to celebrate the start of the resort project.

This is kind of a party that encourages employees to work harder and share some good time with their family and colleagues; which I have to attend.

"Don't look at me. I was done long back. This little guy has spent forty minutes just to choose his outfit and match the suitable accessories." I put Igses on the ground and pointed an accusing finger at him.

"Right, how did I forget this? Igses The Great, who loves to take care of his image." Viva pointed another accusing finger at Igses.

"I was wondering why he takes a long time whenever I ask him to accompany me to spa." Mom pointed her finger at Igses and looked like she is suppressing her smile.

"I see, so this is why you take extra effort in dressing yourself whenever I take you with me to a public place." Dad played along and gave Igses a knowing look.

"He always showers squeaky clean whenever we are going out. He showers at least four times a day right?" Liam asked me while his eyes are on Igses.

Seeing that everyone was ganging up on his, I thought he would be a little angry or frustrated but igses was as calm as still water with a hint of sadness in his eyes.

"Heh, I was only doing it so you all have good representation in front of others. My goodwill is widely misunderstood. That's okay though; I know that deep in your hearts, you really love me so much." Like a benevolent priest, he said in a soft voice.

The little one even have the gall to look at everyone and shake his head with disappointment. The expression in itself is so adult-like that for a moment, I and I'm sure everyone also forgot the child in front of us is only five plus years old.

"Drama Queen. Now, hurry; we need pick up Noemi on our way." I pinched my overdramatic son ear and laughed at his antics.

Damien and my parents got in one car while Aviva, I, Liam and Igses got in another. On our way to the party venue, we picked up the dolled up Noemi.

Noemi and Igses has a rule between them that they will go to parties together. If one is going, the other will tag alone as their date partner. It has been going this way for a very long time that even Noemi's family is used to it.

"Oh my God!" Noemi only just got into the car, suddenly stumbled back in the seat when she saw Igses.

"What? Mesmerized?" Igses raised one side of his mouth in proud smile and seemed very satisfied with Noemi's current expression.

"Aunty Dawn, are we going to fancy dress party?" Noemi, who looks quite uncomfortable right now, hugged me and asked in a low but obvious audible tone

"No dear. It's a normal party."

"Then why do Devil look like stuck-up, rich young master who has love for clowning around? Is he trying to audition for circus?"

"This only tells that you have no eye for beauty and fashion. Pity, you don't even have a heart to learn from me." Igses gave Noemi a sideways glance and waved his hand nonchalantly to sit properly beside him.

Noemi only went to sit beside him when she got a nod from me. Why are both these kids so extra?

Both are dramatic than the other. Who learned it from whom?

We finally drove to the party venue amidst lot of back and forth war of wits between the kids. As soon as the car stopped in front of the hotel entrance, the bickering kids immediately stopped their war.

Igses got down from the car first and with a gentleman smile, he offered a hand to Noemi which the latter took looking very much like a willing date.

The sudden change in kids baffled Damien and my family because they never saw the kids acting like this.

"Weren't they at each other's throat just now?" Liam whispered in my ear.

"They don't like to show their weak side to strangers. Even when they are at their wits end, when they are in a public place, they go back to their gentlemanly-ladylike behavior. You will get used to it slowly."

After handing the car keys to the valet, we finally found the hall where the party is held. Noemi has his hand wrapped in Igses arm as they both walked side by side like a couple walking on the wedding alter.

God, they look so adorable and funny that I don't know whether I should fawn over him first or laugh at them.

By the time we got in the hall, the party has already started and most of the guests has already arrived. The first one I saw the moment I crossed over the threshold was the very person who was supposed to be on a business trip.

He was there, with few unfamiliar men around and an old man who was talking to him. When my eyes found him, the words Damien said the other day, rushed back in my head.

'He is not so hateful, right?'

'Didn't he still respect few of your decisions?'

'You should strike when the iron is still hot.'

'You cannot be thinking to stay single your whole life, right? You should get a life partner, be it Tzalmon or someone else. But if he is teachable, then isn't it better to find the medicine from the same place where you got hurt in the first place?'

'It is better to try and regret than regret without trying. I think he has changed a lot after coming here and seeing how the world here is.'

'I'm not telling you to love him. I'm telling you to put yourself in his shoes and weigh all the things he did to you from his perspective by the way he was brought up according to his kingdom's conditions. Maybe you might feel that he is the worst one out there or maybe he is not that worst.'

One after the other, his world resonated in my mind. Although I don't agree with many of Damien's statements, a few of what he said were rather right.

I can see that Jerk has indeed changed for better even if it is only one percent. I'm not blind, even if Damien did not tell me, I can see it myself.

But the hate for him that is residing in my heart is so strong that it is not easy to quench it so easily completely.

Should I rather try to change him for better and regret than regret without trying?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Igses is in self-love mode currently. Who finds him extremely cute?

Igses and Noemi's friendship is funny. Agree?

Acacia took Damien's advice and is considering to give Tzalmon a chance.

Who think Damien is reasonable when he advised Acacia to give Tzalmon a chance?

Who thinks it is not very reasonable?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 138
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"Ladies and gentlemen," I took the center of the hall as my stage, surrounded by everyone that are supposed to attend the party. Seeing that everyone was here, I started to address the crowd.

I threw a fleeting glance at the very beautiful woman who arrived at the very last and finally sighed in relief.

She came! Finally!

I almost thought that she would never come given her hate for me.

"The Vaettir Industries resort project has stated the initial phase of development. This party is to those who will be working on the resorts development for the coming two years plus of time. I, Tzalmon Saccius Ebernus, founder and Managing Director of Vaettir Industries welcome every one of you to enjoy the party and project the positive feelings in the project." I made a small speech and snapped my fingers.

The serving staff brought several trays of drinks, suitable for young and adult, both. Amidst the applauses I was getting for the small speech and cheers from my employees family and kids, I saw my own son with Noemi, both choosing their favorite drinks, all the while swaying to the soft music playing in the background.

Looking at both the kids, I wonder who among the both influenced the other that both of them are equally interesting and funny.

Anyone can see how close friends they are but also how they are at each other's throat at the same time.

Seeing that both kids are enjoying the party with drinks, food and dancing, I turned my attention to Eblilis. She was standing with Liam and Damien, introducing her team to each other.

I waited for few minutes and once she finished introducing them and Liam and Damien went off to the bar to get their drinks, I walked to her and stood before her.

She looked up at me and stared at me silently with a brow arced up elegantly. Looking at her staring at me nonchalantly, I wondered if she missed me in the past few days I was not here.

She should've known that I was on a business trip; did she miss me? Even hatefully, did she think of me at least once?

"Eblilis, how are you doing these past few days?" Not knowing what to say, I finally asked her about wellbeing first.

"Good." She nodded curtly but the moment her answer reached my ears, I felt like my whole being is washed with cool spring and honey water.

She answered!

She actually answered me properly! Curtly, though but she at least answered me properly for the first time.

Happiness burst out inside me as a feeling of subtle warmth filled me from tip to toe.

A sweet smile automatically came up on my face as looked at her. "I have been on small trip."

"So I heard." She nodded again, waiting for me continue.

"I - I want to introduce someone to you." It must be the casual replies she was giving me, I turned into a mango pudding; fizzy and excited.

"Um hmm." She hummed and waited calmly for me to bring that person. "Aubessee."

Lord Aubessee who was only a few steps away from us, walked to us upon my call. "Eblilis, this is Aubessee. Aubessee, this is Acacia Dawn Winters." I introduced them to each other.

Aubessee looked at Eblilis with a thoughtful gaze while Eblilis frowned slightly as she fell into her own thoughts.

"Aubesse - Aubessee - Where have I heard this name?" She mumbled to herself for a while and suddenly her eyes blinked with light.

"Aubessee? As in Lord Aubessee, the only oldest man living till date from your race? That Lord Aubessee?" She exclaimed, looking between me and Aubessee curiously.

"It's nice to finally meet you, Lady Dawn. I did not know you knew me. Pleasure is all mine." With a small bow, he greeted Eblilis with a genuine smile.

Not just him, even I was surprised that she has knowledge of who Lord Aubessee is. The couple of years Eblilis was in the kingdom, Aubessee was still in closed door recuperation. His topic was never discussed nor he was never mentioned by anyone.

How come she knew him?

"You came from Dr'helellian realm?" Her frown slightly deepened.

"That's right, Lady Dawn." Aubessee answered patiently.

"Your powers are back?" This question was targeted to me and the tone in which she asked was filled with suspicion and displeasure.

"No. However, a few days, we discovered that the portal between the kingdom and this world has gotten stable, allowing us to go back and forth easily." I explained without hiding anything.

I've learnt my lesson well. Hiding things from her will only lead to grave situations which will create more and more distance between us. I already did it once back then when I did not tell her clearly about me and the reason why she was brought to my kingdom, how she became pregnant with my child and everything about us.

At that time, because I was conceited, because I felt it beneath myself to explain everything to her, because I felt she didn't need to know anything, I did not tell her the things she should which resulted in growing the hate for me in her heart.

That hate was not solved till this date, I don't want to add on to it.

I now know that I should not hide anything from her; at least not something that directly or indirectly concerns her.

"But where did you hear about Aubessee?" Not wanting her to think so much about the sudden change in the portals, I asked in an attempt to divert her.

Eblilis turned back to Aubessee and smiled slightly at him. "I heard about a certain Lord Aubessee who was termed to be wise, knowledgeable and the most perspective person to be known among all the supernatural realms. Back then, Eelk once mentioned your name in passing and then I also read a few lines about you in the book that contains all the information about royal clans of the kingdom. It's my pleasure to meet you Lord Aubessee."

For the first time, I saw Eblilis give a genuine smile to someone related to me and my kingdom. This in itself is amazing but this also tells that whatever little she knows about Aubessee, it gave her a good impression on him.

"Right, since you are much much older to me, you can call me Acacia. Please don't add 'Lady' to it." Hey, she never gave me such privilege to call her by her name.

"It is Acacia then. Majesty has already told me about the sudden changes in the recent days. I was brought her specially to investigate about it. Acacia, can I please have a word or two with the young prince later?" Hearing Aubessee, she glanced at me for a second and seemed to be hesitating about something before she nodded.

"I will take him to Thunders' the day after tomorrow. I hope you don't tell him anything about what happened those two years when I was there in your kingdom." Aubessee nodded without any hesitation and gave his word that he will only talk about his powers and if any, teach him how to control them if possible.

After getting a confirmation from Eblilis, Aubessee walked away towards bar, leaving me with Eblilis alone.

For some reason, I felt like the air around her seemed to have changed ever so slightly. I don't know what changed.

She looked here and there for few minutes without saying anything and finally glanced at me with the same blank expression she always gives me.

"About the shopping centre to be built in the resort, rather than a mall, a bazaar with handmade craft and local products would be more fitting."

"Okay."

"It might take more than two years for the whole resort to be built completely." She said a moment later.

"No problem."

"I don't like disturbances when I work so don't send any flowers to me."

"Okay."

"You are not allowed to take Igses to the kingdom without my permission." This time, her tone is a little hard.

"Never. I will never do that. I promise on my honor." She sighed in relief after she heard my vow.

We stood there, silently again, just in each other's presence, looking around here and there. But there was no awkward air around us which I grateful of.

Soon, the music changed to something trendy and peppy. Both mine and Eblilis attention fell on Igses, who stretched out his hand before Noemi like a gentleman and asked her for a dance.

What was more amusing was that the little girl brushed away her hair from her shoulder arrogantly and considered for few moments before accepting the dance offer.

Igses waited patiently and then led her to the center, surrounded by all the guests. Both the kids started to dance in an organized manner as if they had practiced it for years together.

Eblilis smiled widely at them and hollered in cheer when both the kids showed their amazing moves. Seeing the both, the children of other's also joined the dance floor.

The DJ must have been encouraged by the kids dance, he played four more upbeat songs before the music turned to something soft and romantic.

As a chameleon change its color, Igses and Noemi went from hyper dancers to a pair who is ready to heat up the dance floor with a salsa.

By now, only Igses and Noemi are circling around while dancing. I slightly glanced at Eblilis and hesitated a few times.

But my itch got better of me so I gathered my courage and knowing that I would fail, I still stretched my hand to her, gaining her attention.

"May I have this dance with you, Ms. Winters." I was ready to take my hand back because even though I asked her, I know what her answer will be.

But I never thought that she looked at me coldly and nodded, placing her hand in mine.

Am I dreaming right now?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Tzalmon is learning to not hide information from Acacia. It's a good progress, yes?

What do you think about Acacia's slightly changed behavior towards Tzalmon?

Your views on Igses and Noemi's dance performance?

Finally, Tzalmon and Acacia will have a proper dance. You all excited?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 139
**Acacia Point of View**

Hand in hand, his other hand on my waist and my other hand on his shoulder, with a respectful distance between our bodies, we floated on the dance floor.

The chaotic excited people around us fell into still silence as they watched him lead me through the dance floor with finesse smoothly.

I am not exactly a genius dancer, but I can hold myself well against an alright partner. But with how Jerk is leading me, one can tell how good he is while dancing in pair. But then again, he is from an era and from monarchy where these kind of balls are as natural as breathing.

I slowly raised my head and took a glance at him. By the time my passive eyes met his, I found that he was already looking at me as if he was struck by lightning.

His face is scrunched up in such grand amount of shock and disbelief. His eyes blinked at me, as if he is still trying to detect dream from reality.

He opened his mouth and closed it several time like a fish but did not say anything. However, unlike the time in the past, he is handling me with a respectful distance and with a better attitude even though it is a couple dance.

After half the song is over, he suddenly started to smile at himself and at me as if he finally realized that this is indeed not a dream.

I shook my head lightly and ignored it. My eyes landed on the small figures beside us, holding each other just like how I and Jerk are, as they flowed around like water in cool spring creek.

Who would say they are only five plus years old?

Just look at how serious and honorable they are looking while they are taking the dance floor by fire.

My lips quivered with a small smile when I observed that Igses and Noemi tried to copy me and Jerk by following our moves.

When Jerk twirled me, Igses did the same, when Jerk changed the footwork, Igses did the same too. In short, no matter how good Igses and Noemi are, they still followed and did it so with obvious enjoyment.

"Thank you for accepting my dance offer." Just as the first song was coming to an end, Jerk whispered.

I did not respond back but spared him a brief glance before stepping back from the dance floor after the song came to an end.

However, this behavior of mine did not dampen the Jerk's mood at all. On the contrary, he even produced a foolish smile that I saw for the first time on his face.

His face was shining brightly like a sparkling rainbow on a moonless night; happy and content. I turned my face away and walked towards mom and dad who are snacking lightly.

Damien and Liam, on the other hand, found dance partners and went on to show off. I first took a huge gulp on fruit punch and had light snacks before sighing in ecstasy.

Gosh, I was so famished. When will they serve dinner?

"This is why eating on time is necessary." Mom scolded with a glare as she pushed some kind of salad made of nachos in my mouth.

Although it's not a heavy food, the feeling of something other than air going into my stomach made was wonderful.

"I was busy, mom. You know how occupied I was this afternoon."

"Busy, busy; why are you not busy. You are even too busy stuff some food in your mouth." Hearing her scold me, nag me, I felt more happy than angry.

How I missed this feeling!

For more than seven years, I missed her chide me and nag about my food habits. I totally love it when I hear her reprimand me with such serious face.

"Alright, let her eat something peacefully first." Dad came between us as usual.

"I was just thinking why this old man is not here to stop me." Mom and I said in unison. When she heard me say the same words along with her in the same tone and with same expression as hers, she frowned a little.

"Taking food in a timely manner is good for health. Do I have to tell this you as well?" Again, I spoke along with mom in same tone.

Mom turned to me and narrowed her eyes at my smiling face strictly before turning towards dad to continue.

"If I say something, you say I'm nagging. Am I nagging though? You bunch of father and children will never learn you lesson at all." This time, even dad was unable to hold it in and laughed out loud.

Mom sized me up just like she used to do, just like she liked to do and gritted out. "Are you done?" Which I said along with her.

Before she continue with her second degree nagging, I hugged her tightly and popped my chin on her shoulder.

"I so missed dad calm and loving gaze. I missed your nagging the most, mom. You don't know how much I missed your strict tone and your disciplinary glare. Say, why didn't you consider becoming a teacher?"

"Of course, your dad is a hero and your mom is strict and villain to you and your brother. Even though I don't have memories of you, I carried you in my womb for ten months; I fought with life and death to bring you both siblings into this world. I sweated like crazy to teach you how to walk, how to talk; I spared no pain and effort to raise you both and at the end of the day, what do I hear? Dad is s hero, calm and loving while mom is strict and all." She rambled as she burst out like a firecracker.

Here it comes. You cannot win any argument with your mother when she brings up the topic of how she struggled to give birth.

No matter how old they get, this particular statement is like a weapon they use when they want to win an argument. You cannot refute them when they bring up this topic and I noticed that it's not just my mom but almost all the mothers in the world love to use this weapon against their children.

Sometimes, it's just so funny when they think the other person is right but still want to win the argument and bring out this trump card out.

"Okay, okay, you are the best mom in the world and the most loving in our family." I pecked her cheek and winked at dad secretly as I slipped out from there.

Just in time, the dinner was served so I pounced on food. Only when I filled my stomach and got back a little of my energy back was I able to bring the kids and feed them the dinner.

The rest of the party went on well. I met new people and introduced Damien to my team and other circle of people I'm acquainted with.

"Damien, is your company attending the All Architects convention and Workshop? This time, the convention is decided to be held in Phoenix next week."Aviva asked.

"Of course. We got a confirmation mail a couple of months ago and received the invitation pass few days ago. We'll be there definitely. In fact, I am here from several days is because I already told my team that I would meet them in Phoenix directly."

"I heard that the invitation passes this time were handed to only few above the standard firms." One of the engineers from my team commented.

"Did you forget the mess that happened last year in the convention? The authorities decided to categorize the firm into two groups and hold two separate workshops for the both. What we are attending is the one where all the highly valued firms come together." Another one of my team replied.

"Hey, why are you frowning like a toad?" Liam held my chin and turned my face towards him and asked with a scowl.

T-toad?

Do I look like a toad?

"You mean, swan?" I gritted with a smile.

"No, you do look like a toad when you frown. So, why are you frowning, sister dear." He asked again when he noticed me frown.

"It's Igses birthday two days after convention. It'll be difficult to rush back and arrange a birthday party for him." I heaved heavily.

I can return back the next day of the convention as early as possible but it's still not enough time to arrange a nice birthday party for the little guy.

"That's why you are competing with a toad in beauty? What are we for? I will arrange a blasting party for my nephew." Why did Liam did not change at all even without my memories?

Why he is still sharp tongued with me?

I glared at him and in the end, I still nodded my head, asking him to not disappoint me. He sized me from head to toe and said something that made me want to beat him up.

"Of course, unlike an old lady like you, I, as a young one, know just the right way to make a perfect birthday party for my nephew. Leave it to me."

O-old lady?

Old lady!

"Did he just call me what I think he shouldn't?" I turned to Damien and Aviva and asked in utter disbelief and daze.

How am I an old lady? I'm only twenty eight; in the prime of my life.

"He did." Damien and Aviva nodded, amused at me.

"Alright, you don't have to feel depressed. You are old, so what? You are still my sister and I don't mind it anyway. Leave the arrangements to me and attend your conference."

No, hitting him once is not enough. I have to pull his hair off his head and punch him on the face.

How dare he -!

As expected, brothers are such rotten eggs!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Finally they danced! And they danced without quarreling with each other.

Your views on Tzalmon and Acacia's first dance together?

Igses and Noemi are such a mood right?

Are all the brothers like Liam? Do you think all brothers annoy their sisters like him?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 140
**Tzalmon Point of View**

If no one knows what the situation right now is, they would think that a bunch of adults are trying to con a child into kidnapping.

My wide and large office room is now currently occupied by two muscular and dominating men; me and Aubessee, a beautiful Eblilis and the little one, Igses.

Aubessee bowed at Igses slightly, addressing him as young prince and then sat down in the adjacent couch, opposite to Eblilis and Igses.

"Son, this is Lord Aubessee, an elder lord of my territory." Seeing a slightly confused expression on Igses, I introduced Aubessee to him.

"Lord?" He mumbled softly and soon his eyes brightened as a sudden realization dawned on to him. "You come from a monarchy?" He asked me with wide eyes.

"That's right; I'm the current reigning King of our kingdom which is in another realm."

"They come from another world, Igses. It's very different from how it is here." Acacia followed and explained briefly with a tinge of anger in her tone.

Aubessee who was silently observing until now smiled at Acacia and thanked her for explaining it to Igses and turned to the latter with gentle eyes.

"Your Highness, I am a lord who works under your father. You can call me grandpa Aubessee if you don't mind." Igses observed the old man for a moment before he nodded his head obediently.

"It's too long, how about I call you grandpa Abby?"

"Of course you can, your highness." The old man got extremely happy with the result.

"In that case, please call me Igses. I don't like it if someone calls me 'your highness'." Igses said and turned towards Eblilis with a smile as if asking for praise.

She did not disappoint him though. She rewarded him with kisses on both the cheeks which made the little one happy beyond expression.

"Lord Aubessee, may I know what you wanted to talk to Igses today?"

"One, I wanted to get to know the young prince officially and two, it's about the changes the recently took place and see how and to what extent they are related to him." Aubessee said in a somber tone.

"It has something to do with Igses?" Eblilis gasped lightly and turned to look at me for confirmation.

I nodded, "It certainly does. But, how, why and to what extent should still be investigated."

"Igses, tell me, are you powerful?" Aubessee pinned his gentle gaze on the little one.

Igses just shrugged saying, "It depends. However, I was born with some distinguished abilities that none around me has."

"Then, may I what those abilities are?"

To this, Igses fell in thoughts for quite some time before answering it carefully. "I can see and hear better than others. But the peculiar ability is that I see the substance of a soul. Like I can easily say if the person is good or average or bad and if so, to what extent."

This is something he will have as an Ebernus. Although every person of my race can see the substance of a soul, not just anyone can differentiate it deeply. That is something the Ebernus family has in their blood.

"Anything else?" As Aubessee asked, I looked at Igses curiously. "Didn't you use a shield to cage me before?"

Igses immediately turned to Eblilis and blinked at him, silently waiting for her speak. "Tell them whatever they ask about."

Only after getting permission from her did Igses turned to us and answered clearly. "That is something I only realized I can do only four months ago."

Aubesse and I went still in shock and looked at each other as we exchanged meaningful gazes. "You realized it? You just realized it? You did not use a spell or something to create the shield?"

"Mr. Ebernus, where would I find spell books to practice it? I was not left with any guidance and mamma is not like me as she doesn't know much about my powers herself. I can only count on my intelligence to get enlightened and realize them slowly."

Ah, alright, makes sense. I really asked him a silly question.

How would he know the spell or a method to create a shield when he was never trained properly by me or a royal teacher?

As much as Aubessee was shocked by Igses aptitude, he seems to be also quite amused by his self boasting ability. Heck, even I was surprised by his talent in highlighting himself.

Did he take after me in this? Eblilis has always been low-key and humble while I was also humble but compared to Eblilis, I can be counted as a self centered person.

"Okay, what more abilities did you realize by yourself?"

Igses looked at Aubessee with a contemplating frown and thought about it clearly before answering. "It always depends on the situation. I can control things from a far place but it shouldn't be as far another continent or country. I can only control them when I have a particular target and a clear reason. Mamma doesn't like if I use my powers for wrong reasons."

"Hmm, If I am stirred either by good or bad circumstances, I can control and alter the soul of that person accordingly."

"There are also times when I can see spirits of dead people but not all dead people. I can only see those who suffered tremendously. At first I was a little scared when I realized I can see those wailing and depressed, lonely spirits but after talking to mamma, she said if I can still bear to see them without fear, then I should try and help them as it helps me attain good karma."

Everything other thing is normal but the matter that he can not just control the spirits but also alter them is a shock to us.

Because as much we, as much as I am considered as the deity of spirits and souls, I can only control and manage them. My father and Vizac tried to produce new spirit lives but in the end they did not succeed and resulted in bringing a mutated lot of our race.

But still, even they cannot alter a spirit because it can only be done by the fates above.

"Alter a spirit? How?" I looked at Igses with interest and asked him lightly.

"Umm, isn't it how you all do too?" Igses spoke hesitantly, probably not knowing how to word it.

"We still want to know, young prince. Please help us understand it."

"If there is someone who is not good to mamma and tried to harm her, I can cut half of his soul and make it disappear. Or I can change the soul's - what do you call it - umm, soul's sense to turn from human to an animal or so. If it is a grieving spirit that has already died and is suffering, then I don't know how, I can exchange the fortune between two spirits. Like if a grieving spirit has suffered a lot of injustice and pain because of bad luck, I can exchange her luck and bad karma on her spirit to a bad person who has a lot of good fortune."

"Interesting." Aubessee exclaimed and looked at Igses as if he found a treasure. "How do you do this alteration?"

"I will just think about it and it will happen. It's easy. Not tiring at all."

"Then the day you caged your father inside a shield, you said it was a shield which was made by you specially. What qualities does that shield have?"

"I heard mamma tell Aunt Viva once that Mr. Ebernus is a powerful man. So the shield is for powerful people that no matter how and what power they use, it will be absorbed and strengthen the shield in return. As expected, his powers did not affect the shield until the next day."

"Wait, his powers? He used his powers to break the shield?" Aubesse and I shot up from our seat like rockets on fire.

Igses frowned at us and only nodded in responses. "Majesty, you used your powers to break out of the shield?"

"I tried wishing I had my powers, however it did not work at all."

"But it did." Although Igses mumbled to himself, it was still loud enough for everyone to hear.

"Little guy, you felt his powers in your shield?" Eblilis asked in a concerned tone.

"It's a kind of energy that belongs to him. I felt that. The reason why the shield was broken before the time I set was because that energy did not clash with the energy of my shield but it mixed with it and the shield broke."

"How very interesting. You, little boy, are truly pleasant surprise." He chuckled with bright eyes when he looked at Igses.

"Aubessee?"

"Majesty, it seems like young prince's energy and your energy both repel and appeal each other. If my guess is not wrong, you really used a bit of your powers back then but because of the peculiarity of the shield, you did not notice it."

But I really did not know I forced out a bit of my power. How come even I did not notice it?

And if really unlocked a bit of my powers, why can't I use that portion now?

And what was even more shocking was that Igses powers are much more refined and broad ranged than everyone from my realm, including me.

"Igses, how about grandpa Abby teach you a few magic tricks? Do you want to learn from me?" Hearing Aubessee words, Igses turned to Eblilis to make a decision.

I and Aubessee too waiting for her decision silently with bated breaths. Eblilis looked at everyone and then looked at Igses' expectant eyes, she heaved heavily.

"If you can promise to follow a couple of my conditions, then I don't mind."

Really? She really agreed?

On some terms and conditions but she really agreed. She did not reject the idea immediately and did not hate it.

She really truly approved.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

So Igses is much more powerful than Tzalmon. Not surprising right?

Acacia allowing Igses to talk about his strength and powers in itself tells that she is really trying to see past all the bad things happened to her and give a second chance to Tzalmon.

Do you think so too?

What do you think are Acacia's conditions to let Igses learn from Aubessee?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 141
**Acacia Point of View**

It's just normal every other day where time goes by with work, work and mostly work.

Since the party the other day, the level of work has increased by a lot. It's only the initial ground plans that are done until now, from here on, the actual work starts.

However, since the project has started smoothly, it should be even smoother in the following stages. In that case, it is inevitable that I and the whole team will have to work like livestock.

"Mamma, you will come back again on Saturday?" I looked at my son who is helping me with my packing.

The travel bag was full of clothes and accessories enough for four days trip.

"Yes, honey. I will come back right after the convention is over. I'm asking you again, are you alright with staying with grandma, grandpa and uncle?" I used to take him along with me on such trips before but now that he can be left with my parents, I don't know he will be really alright or not.

As easygoing as he is, the little guy is still a child. The place where resort will be built is not far away from the city so it was still alright. However, this was a trip to another city which was a little far so I had to make sure he can really live comfortably without missing me.

"Don't worry, mamma. You can go and relax. Don't I also have to attend grandpa Abby's classes. I will hardly have free time to snuggle with you." Snuggle with me? I raised a brow at him with obvious amusement.

When and from where did he learn such phrases?

I pinched and squeezed his cheeks before kissing them loudly. "Okay. Do you still remember what I told you?" Igses nodded determinately and patted my shoulder like an adult would.

"I will take care of everything, mamma. You should take care of yourself and bring back something interesting to play from your trip. Ah right, don't bring same things for me and Noemi. Bring something different for both of us so that we can share and play more."

Looking at this son of mine, I could only snicker and nod obediently at his requests. Before when I brought two different toys for them, they fought for them until they broke and neither of them could play with.

Now when I am bringing same things for both of them, they suddenly grew smart and resourceful, wanting to share and play with more toys.

Seeing such serious and resolute expression on his little face, I could only nod my head and agree.

"Don't run down the stairs, it's dangerous. Don't cook by yourself without an adult by your side. Also, study well and learn how to control your abilities well from grandpa Abby." Seeing him nod obediently I repeated few more cautions.

"If you want anything, ask grandpa or grandma, they will prepare it for you." After making sure I gave him whole half hour long routine list of cautions and wellbeing words, I put him in dad's arms and turned around to leave with Damien.

I can only hope Igses to miss me but not too much for his own convenience. Now that he is learn from Lord Aubessee, he certainly did not have much free time to think more about me.

The other day when Lord Aubessee wanted to be Igses teacher and teach him about his legacy and abilities, I was not completely flexible with the idea.

However, I know that as Igses grows, his abilities and powers grow too. In such case, he should learn firsthand how to handle them and control them at will to avoid future troubles.

Also, he getting older and he should also know more about his legacy from the father's side. Although I'm not very comfortable with the idea, I am not too uncomfortable too like in the past.

So with that thought in mind, I put forth few conditions before Lord Aubessee just to put my mind at ease, which he readily accepted and took an oath to follow them.

'Igses shouldn't be taken back to your realm by anyone without my permission.'

'My Lord, I know you are the grand elder of the kingdom, so I would appreciate if you look at Igses like an ordinary student and teach him with clear distinction between punishments and rewards. I don't want anyone flattering him about his royal status. I don't want my son to be spoiled by giving him a high stand which he did not earn with hard work.'

'Igses has a best friend, Noemi. Although she is at Igses age, she still kept it a secret about Igses's abilities. They are close friends so every now and then; she might come to the lessons to accompany him. I hope you please bear with it. She is a smart child, if there is something that even she can learn; I hope you teach her a little too.'

'Lastly and most importantly, I appreciate if the past between me and your Majesty in your realm is not mentioned to my son. He might be very young but he bears grudges too. I don't want him to bear any deep grudges for me. I want to make the current situation as normal and carefree as possible for him.'

After hearing all my conditions, both Lord Aubessee and Jerk took a certain oath that they follow and assured me that they would do according to my wishes.

Although there are conditions from my side, it can also be considered that I am taking a step down to loosen the knot in my heart towards jerk and his people.

It is my way of smoothen a few things slowly. It is not easy for me to give Jerk a second chance, but I cannot be an unreasonable person who only acts blindly as well.

Feelings are something that happens with time and destiny. No one know when ones heart take a turn towards someone so putting aside feelings for now, I can at least be civil with Jerk and his companions.

Heh! It's not easy for me but after thinking about what Damien said and when I put myself in Jerk's shoes, there are a few handful issues in which I understand his standpoint as well.

"You feel a little better, don't you?" Over the loud announcement about the flight is ready to take off, I heard Damien's gentle tone from beside me.

I hummed in response and after few moments of silence, I looked at him and thanked him. "Given all the supernatural chaotic stuff, you must be in a pickle with your thoughts. Despite that, you still helped me think sensibly in the current predicament. Thank you."

"When did we come to the point of thanking each other?"

"No, everyone who knows my past is supporting me and my decisions. I can tell that even though dad and mom are extremely angry with Jerk, they don't have murderous feelings towards him. I can tell that with good efforts, they will forgive him one day. However, it was not the same for me. I closed my heart and mind for him; until you reminded me of the obvious facts that I chose to ignore." I spoke softly.

What Damien made me realize was something my family did not dare or wanted to. But this friend of mine, despite facing odd circumstances himself, he still advised me with right thoughts.

"A person grows the way how people around him are. Give him some time to get accustomed with our culture. With his old fashioned disciple and the modern thoughts combined, he will slowly turn out to be a much better person." I nodded.

I sighed and leaned back in my seat as my mind reeled over all the new developments that happened recently. Although we couldn't establish the reason for Damien's recovery of memories, it still lit a hope in my heart that soon, other might recover the memories too.

"Are you doing to tell everything to others?" I looked at him and asked.

"I don't know. It's depends. I do want to tell them and see the reunion of our group but this is also something that you cannot believe it so readily."

"True that. Given how practical they have always been, they would not believe it if they don't get their own memories back." Sighing, I felt a little nervous to meet my best friends after so many years of parting with them.

They must've changed a lot.

Oh how I miss having lazy chats with them! How I miss bickering with them!

How I miss playing pranks with them!

Now, neither are we young nor do they remember me.

"I miss them so much. I miss everything about us." I mumbled quietly, no sure myself if I meant it to be heard or not.

Damien nonetheless heard it and only replied back with a sigh. He did not say anything but I can tell that he didn't know what to say as well.

I'm going to meet my friends after so long, but as a stranger. Feelings of anticipation and anxiety rolled inside me.

I don't know what future has in store with me, but I can only wish that nothing untoward happen between me and my friends.

I hope that even as a stranger, I have good time with them if and when I meet them.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Do you think that the conditions Acacia put forth are fair enough?

Damien is such a supporting friend. Don't you think so too?

Will Acacia's other friends also gain their memories back?

If so, then will they be as supportive as Damien or not?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 142
**Igses Point of View**

Pulling one side of my mouth in a sloppy arrogant smile, I looked up at the very tall man in front me.

I wrapped my arms over my chest and waited for him to get done with what he was saying; which by the way is too long and too unimportant.

"Mr. Ebernus -"

"Call me dad." I was cut off with his demand before I could say anything.

I looked at him from his head to the toes which were covered in shoes for a few times thoughtfully. I'm not a fool, I can tell that mamma sent me over to learn from grandpa Abby without any hesitation is because she wants to try amicable relationship with Mr. Ebernus.

Although the adult did not realize it yet, I have been with mamma for nearly six years plus ten months in her stomach, of course I know her more than anyone else.

Seems like she really wants to give dad a try.

Alright then, who am I to put my nose into adults matter? In that case, I can only help mamma a little indirectly.

"That depends." I replied with a casual shrug and walked towards the very amused teacher, grandpa Abby.

"Depends on what?" Mr. Ebernus - nay, dad asked but it was clear that he is amused as well.

"Mamma is my universe, if universe wants something, how can I have power to not accept it." Saying, I gestured him to bend down. He curiously did so and when was at my level of height, I patted his shoulder encouragingly, "Work hard, then."

Grandpa Abby, who has been holding back his laugh burst out into breathless chuckles as he looked me with such bright glittering eyes as if he found a treasure.

If it were someone else who looked at me that way, I would've felt creepy. But even though I knew grandpa Abby for only handful of days, he is really very calm and very interesting to talk to.

Grandpa Abby and my grandpa are of two different personalities but both of them are so interesting in their own ways. While Grandpa Abby gives of a feeling of wise scholar who can solve any problem with a calm mind, grandpa gives out the vibe close to mamma, although he is concentrated on discipline, he still makes my heart feel warm and happy.

"I am your father; I am also your universe." Something that is very similar to a pout appeared on his face but since he is a very muscular man, his face muscles made the pout look a little - spooky.

My heart seriously skipped at beat when I saw that childish expression on his face. I can tell that he is trying to communicate with me like any adult would do with a child.

But, I had always seen him either serious or a little... cheery when mamma was around so this was my first time to see him give out such expressions.

To be honest, I was holding back my smile so as to not give in to him easily.

"No, mamma is the universe and we can only be a part of it and act accordingly to the will of universe." If mamma is a universe and dad is another universe, isn't it scientifically not possible for two universes to meet?

For them to meet in future, there should be only one universe which can only be mamma while I and dad can only be different energies of the universe.

Yes, this is the right thing to conclude on.

Dad heaved heavily and nodded in defeat, finally accepting to be what I want him to be.

Sigh, if he was this cordial, it wouldn't take a long time to change mamma's view on him for better.

"Igses dear, did you understand about the structure of how the abilities are lined up and how you can slowly unseal them?" Grandpa Abby drew the order of the classifications of powers and abilities we hold in the previous class.

He asked me to read and understand the depth of it and so I did. It was not really hard to understand it.

Only, the abilities that were mentions in the list are not something that I ever heard of. So he asked me to first read them so he can explain clearly what each one of it means.

"Yes. There is so much we can do but some of the spells are boring too."

"Boring?" I nodded.

"Some of the abilities are too standard and are not creative at all. When I get a new ability or when I use my powers, I usually fiddle with them and try to bend them a little at will. I like to try out new paths with new abilities. I love to be creative." I sat down beside him on the couch and told him slowly.

The reason I like to paint is because I can let my imagination run and use it to create something that hasn't been in the world yet. To me, abilities are same too.

It is too boring to follow the standard narrow path and use them in textbook way. If we don't try out new things, how would we know if it is possible or not?

This is something mamma has always told me and encouraged me to try out new things in order to know and learn with open mind.

"What you said makes sense. Back at our place, we were used to follow the solidly set path so we did not realize that we can bend the powers and try something new. Since you want to do it, how about we make a deal?" I blinked at grandpa Abby when he mentioned about a deal.

"What kind of deal?"

"I shall teach you the theoretical part and your father here with teach you the practical part. Although he cannot use his powers as of now, he is still the most powerful in supernatural realms, he can guide you in practical presentation of your powers. In return, you learn them and try expand them creatively. If successful, then teach them back to me and your father. Is this a good deal?"

I thought for a while and nodded my head affirmatively. "I can learn easily. Grandpa Abby, you are so smart and wise so you can learn from me easily too, can - can he learn quickly too? Can he grasp the concept quickly?" I intentionally whispered the last sentence, yet made sure dad can hear it.

Without missing a beat, I felt a hand tap the back of my head gently as I heard from above, "When I was your age, I was even able to take down the most ferocious men of the tribe. Say, can I learn well?"

I spread my hands, with a shrug; I looked up at him as an idea suddenly popped in my mind. "Alright, since it is a deal, then how can I not accept it."

"What crafty ideas are you making up in your mind?" I felt my body being lifted up in air suddenly and soon I was sitting on the lap of the person who apparently is my father.

I would've gotten down and kept some distance between us but remembering how mamma is being tolerant with him and how there might be a chance for him to join mamma's universe, I slowly relaxed my body.

If dad is tamed well, then mamma will have a good bodyguard by her side. After all, keeping her safe is my first lifelong goal.

"Grandpa Abby, since I am learning from you, I am your disciple and you are my master right?" I asked innocently making sure I don't show my intentions on my face clearly.

Grandpa Abby once again smiled widely and nodded in affirmation. "In that case, if I were to teach someone, then I should also be called master right?" I probed as I deliberately stole few glances at the man on whose lap I am currently sitting on.

Grandpa Abby pressed his lips as he smiled widely and anyone can tell that he is stopping himself from laughing. However, before he could say anything I continued.

"Since you are alright my master, you cannot be my disciple. However, other than you, some else should call me master to learn skills from me." I said finally looking back at dad who staring down at me with such disbelief that I can tell by just looking at him that he questioning his life choices right now.

To call your son, master, is definitely amazing.

Of course, it is amazing for son but it might not be the same for the concerned father.

"You want me to be your disciple? Remember that I will be teaching you the practical part of the lessons?" Aiyah, dad, if you want me call you dad and accept you, help you win over mamma, do you think it is easy?

Since this is what mamma also wants in her heart secretly, I can only make it more enjoyable.

"You are only revising your experiences. My actually teacher and master is grandpa Abby. Or, are you on the same level as grandpa Abby?"

After staring down at me grimly for few moments, he gritted out, "You inherited all the cunningness from your mamma. I thought she was a little fox but you are several steps ahead of her."

"What can I do? I got the best of you both. Alright, if you want to learn, call me master in future. If I am satisfied with your performance, I might reward you with something that can help you win mamma's good points." And before I can complete the whole thing, I heard his hurried and excited voice without skipping a beat.

And what he said caused me to be both shocked and smug.

"Master. As you say, master."

Hahahaha! Mamma, just leave dad to me. I will turn him into a big comfortable teddy bear and gift him back to you.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Finally Father and son are making new advancements towards each other.

What do you think about the unique equation of this father and son pair?

Igses can really come up with most interesting ideas right?

Now that he has decided to pair him mamma and dad together, will he succeed in it?

Who think Igses is the cutest boy ever?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim
**

###chapter 143
**Acacia Point of View**

This is so strange and awkward.

This feeling is so unknown!

I have a smile on my face but it is not exactly a smile. I was talking attentively but it was not really focused.

I glanced at each and everyone who was sitting around the table with me and couldn't help but feel fuzzy inside.

I'm so dizzy by acting natural and casual at this moment that if this goes on, I will faint.

"We were present at the convention previous year as well. I remember, you gave a small presentation on the fusion designing and your new idea at that time. Everyone were spellbound by your presentation and even those in the highest positions praised you to no end. It was amazing." Anne grinned with obvious admiration in her eyes flowing towards me.

Her tone, her actions, her mannerisms are just like I remembered them to be. The overly exaggerating hand gestures have always been her signature mannerism.

For a second, I had to pinch myself and stop myself from pinching her cheeks because she was being so adorable.

"Thank you. I heard the team of 'Dream Architects' got the slot to have a short presentation. I'm waiting to support and enjoy it." I smiled.

The convention is a large event where hundreds of firms and thousands of people gather to exchange ideas and become acquaintances. This workshop also paves way for small and medium firms who have good and creative roots to be approached by larger projects.

So these slots of presenting latest ideas and designs can be said as the starting point to get noticed and enter the grounds with real deal. Only a few would get this chance every year and they have to grasp this opportunity to hit it off.

"Um hmm, actually our presentation can be said to be the result of inspiration we got from yours last year." Damien said with a soft chuckle.

I wiggled my eyebrows at him trying to see if he is teasing me. Surprisingly, Damien's face and eyes are oozing with bright light of sincerity.

"Uh, I don't know what to say. I can only wish you all best of luck. Dig a hole in everyone's heart and fill it with fascination for you all." I could only laugh out a little and give them my best wishes.

Actually, the fusion design from last year was one I created from my understanding about the architecture from Jerk place. If I wasn't there and saw their buildings, I wouldn't be able to come up with the design.

"So, you said you and Miss Winters has been friends for many years now, how did we not know about it? We have been with each other since middle school." Carter asked casually. At the same time, the waiter came with our orders and arranged them neatly on the table.

'We have been with each other since middle school' That sounds so not straight.

I bit my lower lip in order to hold back my laugh but seems like Damien understood what is going on in my mind and for the first time in a very long time, he glared at me ferociously.

"He did not mean it that way. Don't you dare let your mind spin its own tale."

"Hey, I didn't say anything." I shrugged, giving a polite smile to the confused Carter and Anne.

"You don't have to. Your eyes and that silly smile is enough to tell hundred stories." Damien then turned to Carter and Anne after giving me an earful. "For seven to eight years we lost contact with each other so I did not think of mentioning her. But she is one of my best friends, just like you both."

With that Carter and Anne nodded knowingly and continued to eat. All along the dinner, we had small chats and when it was time to go back to our hotel rooms, they stopped me and asked me where I and my team are allocated to sit in the workshop.

Surprisingly, we all found out that both of our teams are sitting beside each other.

Before walking back to their rooms, Anne held my wrist and turned me around. I and everyone else looked at her in puzzlement.

"Acacia Dawn Winters, why do I feel like I know this name?" She asked in a whispering tone. She was actually staring at me like she was trying to decode something on her own.

"Uh, did I give the presentation last year? It is natural to find my name familiar." Although I did not take her familiarity with me name seriously, I still had a very small hope in heart that she might have recognized me.

"Maybe, but it feels like this name has some kind of impression in my heart even before the event last year. Hah, I must be over thinking." She shook her head and left my hand while I and Damien exchanged silent gazes.

Carter and Anne left while Damien dropped me at my room before leaving to his own. There was no need to talk about the sudden familiarity that Anne felt.

After Damien got his memories back, I became much calmer in accepting that one day, the others might get back their memories too.

Except, I don't know how their reaction would be. It is not easy for everyone to be understanding and accept such a sudden change.

On my part, I could only hope that the others don't distance themselves from me at that time.

The workshop would start at seven in the morning tomorrow with speeches from legends for half a day followed by an exhibit of dioramas that were considered excellent in the past three years.

There will be few tens of diorama models of which, I got a notice that, two of them belong to ID Designs.

I went to bed early after speaking to Igses for an hour before sleeping. The following day, I and my team met with Damien and other in the hotel restaurant at six and had breakfast together.

Any kind of eatables are not allowed into the stadium where convention is held. Drinks are allowed and anything we eat should be provided by the organizers. So having heavy breakfast is a must because sometimes, serving snacks for hundreds of people would be a little difficult as some may get food early while some may get it a long time later.

Fifteen minutes before the workshop starts, we were already there, seated in our respective seats while the staff of organizers is hurrying to make the final touchups.

"Your slot is tomorrow around three afternoon right?" I looked at Damien and the other two and asked.

Carter nodded his head, "We exchanged the time slot with another team. Our actual slot was at six in the evening. Since it was the time to end it up for day we were initially not satisfied. But luckily the other team has something to do afternoon so asked to exchange; we couldn't be happier."

"What is the concept you are presenting then? I heard that the strongest team among all the attendants was 'Purple Clouds Powerhouse' and they are doing a presentation on Industrial society with a hint of ancient Chinese designing in it. I did not see the design but as per what I heard, it will be unique establishment which will be a feast for eyes." Damien, Carter and Anne had their eyes slightly widened as they gaped at me speechlessly.

What, they didn't know about it?

"You didn't know?" The three shook their head and slowly sobered at the information.

"The presentation details are usually protected till the time of presentation, how did you get such confidential information?" Anne asked while Carter and Damien took out their phones to look at their own presentation.

"I have some friends here and there so I heard the hearsay from them."

"Thanks for telling us. If what you said is true, then we might need to improvise our design and presentation a little bit." Soon after, Carter and Damien busied themselves with the possible changes needed to be made while Anne quietly worked on penning down everything on notes.

In a blink of time, the morning opening speeches were done and everyone proceeded to have lunch before going to the diorama display.

This time, the whole Dream Architects team is unusually attentive when looking at the model displays. They discussed among themselves like mosquitoes in a low whisper and took books and books of notes like possessed poets.

When we reached the place where my team's models were displayed, they actively asked several questions and I answered them clearly.

Just as we were climbing the stairs to the next floor, I heard a familiar voice calling my name from behind.

I and Damien went frozen at the same time as we slowly turned around. There, a few steps below, stood a familiar figure stood beside an unfamiliar man.

She looked at me with a kind of confusion and recognition. My heart palpitated when I saw a hint of recognition in her eyes and my heart went thump when I saw her leaning close to the man beside her.

Oh Damien!

"Acacia? You are Cia right?"

"Ruby!" I breathed out.

Ruby called me Cia, it means...

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Finally, the friends met again but with awkward and strange air around.

Wait, Ruby? Ruby called Acacia, Cia?

Does that mean Ruby remembers something?

Poor Damien, he must be going through a heartbreak already but now it must be even more sad for him seeing Ruby with someone else.

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 144
**Damien Point of View**

My whole body felt like it was suffering in a twister with the way how I was internally shaking.

The moment my eyes landed on that person, the usual calmness in me was disrupted. I thought that since the period has passed and since none of us remember the past, it would be alright but seeing her now, leaning slightly over a man beside her and looking at me and Acacia with puzzled and understanding filled eyes, I cannot be calm anymore.

How long has it been?

How long has it been since I saw her? How long has it been since I heard her voice.

How long has it been since she leaned over slightly over me just like she was with another man?

My heart leapt out and pounded loudly inside my chest. Looking at her lazy yet beautiful countenance, the memories, the feelings, the words, the actions we shared in the past all resurfaced.

"I have something important to do. Why don't you have a chat with your friends?" The man beside her patted her back gently and nodded at Ruby with a considerate gaze.

Ruby nodded and smiled at him as she waited for him to leave before she took small steps towards Acacia. With each step she took, a new tear fell from her eyes and which each tear that fell, her eyes moved from Acacia to me to our other friends that were behind us.

"Cia? Acacia, what -" Ruby stuttered once she was standing one step away from us.

Acacia immediately stopped her from saying anything and looked around, "Let's talk somewhere else."

"Ruby Angus, right? We have attended same middle and high school." Carter spoke with pleasant surprise evident on his face.

"Let's go somewhere else to talk." I spoke in a low voice and urged everyone to walk out of the public place.

Seeing that the situation right now is somewhere in the middle of not knowing what was happening and knowing only half the truth of the past, I think it is better to clear the doubts of everyone and set things straight before it is too late.

Now that the time has given the opportunity, it is better now than later.

So we all moved towards the hotel we are currently in and chose Anne's room to chat. Carter and Anne were obviously confused by the sudden awkward and silent atmosphere while Acacia is pale with guilt dripping from her eyes.

"Hey, why is the air so strange suddenly?" Anne asked once everyone got into the hotel room and closed the door shut.

After taking our seats, it was silent for a long time before Carter looked between Ruby and everyone else and asked, "Ruby Angus, how are you? I did not expect to meet a schoolmate after a bunch of years." Carter asked with a smile, breaking the silence.

"You don't remember me?" She narrowed her eyes in bafflement at Carter and then at Anne.

"Uh, of course we do. Ruby Angus, attended school in Charleston and in same class as us. Except, Miss Winters here is not from the same school and batch." Anne replied doubtfully.

"Not from the same school and batch? Carter, Anne, what are you talking about? Damien, isn't Cia from the same school and same class?" Ruby asked a little loudly and turned to Acacia. "And why do I only remember you and everything only now?"

I and Acacia kept silence, obviously not knowing where to start and what to say. Acacia is already filled with guilt so she only lowered her head and suffered from her own over thinking.

Seeing that she is not ready to speak, I took the responsibility to clear up everything. Those who believe it can believe and those who don't want to can choose to not believe it.

"I'm sorry." I heard a small whisper from beside me. Acacia raised her head and looked between me and Ruby, probably seeing how I reacted when Ruby first came, she must be beating herself from in her heart.

But what can she do? It is not like she had any control over what happened.

"Stop feeling guilty for something you did not do." I scolded her lightly and turned towards the other three friends with a somber frown.

"What is happening? How come Miss Winters is our classmate and why did Ruby say she only remembers something now?" Anne spoke looking between the three of us.

"Even I don't know but I recently got flooded with these memories a few days ago and I'm confused as well. What exactly is going on is something I want to know as well. Damien, you remember me right? You remember Acacia too right?" Ruby asked hurriedly to which I nodded.

Facing three curious pairs of eyes and one guilty pair, I took a deep breath and finally told them everything I know, everything I experienced and everything I heard from Liam the other day.

Without missing a detail, I told them from start to end and wisely chose to ignore them changing expressions for a while.

Once I was done, the whole room fell in another episode of silence, however, all looking towards Acacia with mix of astonishment, horror, pity, pain and whole lot of other emotions.

"Although Acacia wants to tell you all after you recover your memories, given how Ruby got her memories back and how the two of you are present at the right time, I didn't want to lie about anything. Acacia is still feeling guilty for many things that happened to us and to her family and if you don't know the truth then it might take a wrong turn if your imaginations are used."

"So, the rush of scenes I saw in my head are the real ones that we forgot because Acacia's existence was wiped out." Ruby breathed out, analyzing everything slowly.

"More or less." I nodded.

"Are you both sure, you are not on something strong?" Although Anne said those words, there is no hint of disbelief in her voice. It was more like she wanted to confirm it again and again.

To be honest, it is not easy to believe the stretch of supernatural things that took place. If it wasn't for the recovery of memories, even I wouldn't have believed it.

Heck, I would even think that other person is high on something as well.

"Acacia; Cia," Ruby went on to hold Acacia's hand and shook them to gain her attention. "Are you alright?"

Acacia looked up at Ruby and nodded lightly with a small smile. However, one can clearly tell that she is stopping herself from crying.

"I'm sorry. I caused a lot of mess." Acacia! You don't have to feel bad for us.

I know she is guiltier towards me and Ruby given how the changes broke our relationship. Carter and Anne are still together despite the memory loss but when it came to Ruby and I, we are now not together and poles apart from each other.

As much as I want to console her, I can still understand how she must be feeling in her heart.

Hearing Acacia's words, Ruby glanced at me briefly, eyes filled with grief and helplessness. "No, Acacia, you suffered the most here. You haven't done anything. You are as helpless as anyone here."

"So this is how you know her. This is why you suddenly made a trip to Tucson and stayed there these past few days." Carter, who was silent till now finally spoke.

"Yes. I only wanted to prove that I wasn't going crazy. It was only after I went in such of Winters family did I learn about the back story."

"Then why didn't you say anything to us? Miss Wint- Acacia is our friend too."

"Do you believe what I said? Do you believe all the supernatural stuff I talked about just now?" I countered back to which Carter fell into momentary silence.

"I don't know."

"This is the reason I didn't tell you both anything. If you don't have the flashes of your original memory back, it will hard to process this information. We are all practical people who believe in science the most. If one day I come and tell you about Acacia, would you believe me or choose to send me off to a psychiatrist?"

Carter and Anne both got their satisfied answer so they turned their attention towards the center of the plot.

Acacia Dawn Winters.

"It's unbelievable. Damien will never lie about such matters but still, what he said is still unbelievable." Carter exclaimed.

"I didn't want to keep it a secret. I just wanted to wait until your memories are back as well it will be more plausible to believe me. I'm really sorry for all the mess that's caused by me. Directly or indirectly, I'm also responsible for the current predicament."

"Don't be. As much as the whole issue is unfathomable, it is still not in your control." Anne sighed and went on to hug Acacia tightly.

"If even your family did not get their memories back, why would Damien and Ruby recover them first?" After calming down a little Carter asked the question that has been puzzling us from quite some days.

"Now that I think about it, I don't how but I can guess why they got their memories back first." Acacia said softly in a thoughtful daze.

Seeing that we are attentive for her to continue, she sighed and said her guess.

"I think it is the order of who saw me the last before I disappeared in the ocean."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Damien's point of view is here. What do you think?

Finally Ruby and the others got to know the back story too. Yay.

Ruby has moved on. Will this be the end for the couple?

If no, how will they patch up again. If no, who can move Damien's heart again?

If Acacia's guess is correct, then the next who might recover their memories should be Carter and Anne, right?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 145
**Acacia Point of View**

I thought of many scenes how this short trip to Phoenix would end. But I did not think that it would end on such a difficult and different note.

One, because it is not just Damien but all my other friends are also accompanying back to Tuscon with me.

Two, I could feel the strange currents going on between Damien, Ruby and her fiancée, whose name I just came know as, Callum Arrowdayn.

Callum Arrowdayn is a businessman who inherited a clothing company from his family. You can say that their clothing brand has good name in the country.

Apparently, Callum's mother and Ruby's aunt were college classmates and has been friends since then. So when her aunt heard Callum's mother's grievances of how her son is not interested in dating or getting married, she immediately told her about her niece who might a good match for Callum.

So they arranged an accidental meeting followed by an accidental blind date which led to the both of them to get interested in each other.

And so, after tiptoeing around each other for a while, they finally started dating seriously and even decided to get married recently.

I don't know if this sudden meeting between Damien and Ruby is meant for their reunion or final closure but I only hope both of them live well and happy no matter where and with who are with.

I glanced at the couple and found Callum showing something on his phone to Ruby and whispering in her ear while Ruby is being unobvious obviously awkward as she stole fleeting glances towards Damien every now and then while still having a happy chat with Callum.

Damien is trying very hard not to look at her or even give her a fleeting glance with his face expressionless and calm.

I, Carter and Anne exchanged helpless knowing glances, as we decided to act blind and watch out of window.

"Ahem, so if you tell the area you live in, I can book hotel in the same locality." Although Carter was asking me, his eyes couldn't help but look between the awkward trio.

"You don't have to. Ww have enough rooms for you all. But if you are not comfortable with it, there is still my house. Since I'm staying with my parents now, the house is empty so you can live there. There are enough rooms for all of you."

Carter nodded and said they prefer to live in my house so as to not trouble my family. I looked at Ruby and Callum, who nodded their heads accepting Carter's decision.

"I have already asked someone to clean the house for your stay. Why don't you come with me to Winters residence first, have lunch and dinner and then go back to rest?" Hearing my plan, everyone hummed in agreement.

I texted mom about the guest and she was more than happy to cook for my friends. She even asked me about their food preferences.

The enthusiasm she is showing right now can be only seen when is so obsessively cooking for Igses. I and Liam were never able to get such treatment from her.

She must be really happy for me to bring my friends over that she is losing her mind over cooking her best dishes. My mouth curved upwards when I think about how my petite mom would be jumping in the kitchen like a rabbit in order to prepare food.

It would be a lovely and funny sight to watch. Even Igses noticed this and laughed with me before about it.

"Have you been to Tuscon before?" I asked no one particular but I got the answers nonetheless.

Carter and Anne has never been here before while Callum was with Ruby here a few times because of Callum's business dealings.

"I heard you and your team are working on a large resort project?" Anne asked, her eyes blinking with sparkles.

"Um hmm. It was a mountain range valley in the outskirts. It was already a beautiful nature scenic place and a perfect place for spending time." I immediately pulled out my ipad and scrolled through the pictures of the valley and showed them.

"It is really a great place. Just looking at it, one can tell that this place is the closest to raw natural beauty." Anne gasped as she looked through the pictures.

Carter and Ruby leaned over and glanced at the pictures, gasping every now and then whenever they saw something beyond beautiful.

Carter, who is a travel freak, absolutely got hypnotized by the pictures and asked if they can visit some time possible.

"Of course. Alright, we are only a street away from my parents place." I put the ipad away and stretched my head out of the car window.

It was a cloudy day and the sky is getting darker every passing minute. I would rain at least for day with how heavy and dark the clouds are. On top of that, it is even windy enough to uproot a tree.

Seems like it will rain cats and dogs.

The cab finally stopped in front of my parents' house and we hurriedly got out. It is already thundering loudly and streaks of constant lightening can be seen.

"Let's go in first. It's too windy here. " Carrying our luggage, we got into the house and only then could we breathe a sigh of relief.

"You are back?" Before we even stepped inside the house, Liam hollered from living room.

"Why aren't you in university?" I narrowed my eyes at him when I saw video game console in his hand.

"It was in news that there will be cyclone and lightening attacks in the city for two days. So the university is closed until the cyclone is passed." Oh!

"Then where is Igses? His school must be closed too right?"

"Yep. He is with his grandpa Abby attending a class with Noemi. They are just next door, will be back for lunch."

"Right, Liam, this is Carter, Anne, Ruby and her fiancée Callum Arrowdayn." I turned to my friends and introduced them one by one.

"Guys, he is brother, Liam." By the time they said their hellos to each other, mom and dad walked into the living room.

After introducing everyone to everyone, I showed them to the guest rooms. Damien and Carter share a room, Anne has a room for herself while Ruby and Callum shared a room.

Unexpectedly, there was no flicker of emotion on Damien's face; as if he did not mind, as if he did not care, as if he gave up.

I could only sigh and give him some time and space to adjust to the sudden changes.

Once everyone went to their assigned rooms to freshen up before having lunch, I told mom, dad and Liam what happened in Phoenix.

"As harsh as it may sound, I think there is no future for Damien and Ruby together." Mom spoke.

"Huh? Why?" I almost cried in exclamation. I'm still hoping to see them together.

"Ruby sure seem a little out of sorts but I don't think she will ever leave her fiancée. After all, the memories she recovered are memories from past. She does remember them in her mind but physically, she is not attached to them anymore. While her relation with Callum has both physical and emotional bonding that currently exists."

What mom said makes sense!

"But what about Damien?"

"It's similar to Ruby's case. He does have lingering feelings from the sudden memories, maybe he is a little more attached to these feelings than Ruby, but just like Ruby, when Damien finds someone he loves and wants to share his life with, it will be settled."

So there is no need to worry about them?

Hmm, mom might have a point!

Although facing Damien, Ruby was awkward but her attention and attraction towards Callum was not disturbed. I noticed that.

Seems like I don't have to worry about them. Like what mom said, they just need time and everything will get back to normal.

"I think what you said is right. But I still feel sad that they are not together anymore because of me."

"You think too much. I'm younger to you, but even I can see things better than you. Did you exchange your brain with a pig?" The sadness suddenly went away, replaced by anger.

Liam, you pig-head.

"How can you not understand a simple concept called fate and destiny? Why don't you go and get your pig brain checked once? With how much mud is filled up inside your head, it only needs some seeds and a tree will grow out of it. You don't bother with helping my nephew with his school work. I will do it; given the sudden death of your brain cells, even that little boy can beat you in times tables."

Slap after slap, he gave me invisible slaps with every work he spat. Liam, that good for nothing brother of mine sure has way with his words.

How dare he call me mental?

How dare he call me pig head?

I was driven mad to the extent I can tell that my whole face is boiling red. I raised my leg and kicked his knee but that pig-head Liam pulled back his leg in the right time causing me to kick nothing but air.

He grinned ear to ear and pulled on a teasing face at me before running away and I was so riled up by him that I ran after him to catch him and beat him to pulp.

Today, I will punch him for sure. Iill pull his hair, pinch his ear and pull his stumbles one by one.

"Stop right there, you dog." I yelled, chasing after him.

"Will I stop just because you said so and let you beat me? Am I you?" Nay, beating him will not be enough.

"I'm your elder sister but you dare to scold be rudely? If I don't teach you a lesson today, my name is not Acacia Dawn Winters." Shouting, I leaped over sofa to catch him but he still got away.

"That good. I always felt that name is too beautiful for you. How about you change it to 'Pig Brain Winters' or 'Pork Roast Winters'?" I am going to kill him!

Promising myself that, I blindly with blinding rage chased after that blind rat of a brother until my whole body crashed into a wall which caused me to bounce back like a soft ball.

I was almost and ready to fall back and hit the floor but the wall grew hands and wrapped around my waist, stopping me from becoming a meat patty.

And when I finally came back to my senses, my eyes landed on the certain wall, who looked like a familiar man, looking down at me with a pleasant smile.

Why is this Jerk here?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

So, Acacia's friends finally followed her to stay in touch with her for few days and know more about her life.

Do you think what Acacia's mom said about Damien and Ruby makes sense?

If Ruby has moved on with Callum, when will Damien meet his own destiny?

Liam is too much! Do you think all brothers are like him?

Liam's way of scolding his sister is too novel. Don't you think so?

Finally, an accidental hug between Acacia and Jerk!

PPlease shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**



###chapter 146
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"It's been ten minutes."

"I think it is past fifteen minutes."

"Are they hypnotized somehow?"

"Devil, are aunt Dawn and Uncle Salimaan's backs not in pain?"

"It's Tzalmon. Mamma practices yoga every morning so she is flexible. But Mr. Ebernus looks like his back is dislocated."

"Aunt Dawn looks unhappy somehow but why? Uncle Salimaan seems to have passed heaven and reached somewhere else. Why so?"

Several whispers, low and loud, young and old, were heard but I am rather keen on the person in front of me who is also currently locked in my arms.

"The lunch is ready, everyone. Wash up and get here." It was only when I heard, only when Eblilis heard this did I let her and she stumbled back from me.

Holding her in my arms for the first time, it truly felt like soaking myself in hot springs in heaven. My heart, that always beat orderly, was chaotic but I'm not complaining.

I love this sudden feeling a lot

I just so love it

"What an amazing way to welcome me. I love it, Eblilis." My grin widened when I saw her frown deepened and her face reddened.

"Uncle Salimaan should learn how to flirt. He is such a noob." My upward curved lips drooped down to a straight line when that little girl who isn't tall to my knees was judging my flirting skills.

This is an absolute insult!

"As much as I hate to say it, I agree. I'm facing secondhand embarrassment for my mamma. " My own son commented in a low voice but everyone still heard it.

Hey, aren't you my son? Did you promise to help me pursue your mother?

How can you be so cruel now?

Unlike me, who is not very happy with the side commentary and Eblilis, who is embarrassed, all others are trying very hard not to laugh.

All thanks to the two kids who think they know the art of flirting well!

"What would you say if you were in Uncle Salimaan's place?" Noemi asked as she tapped igses's shoulder eagerly.

"If it is as beautiful and kind as mamma, I would say - I'm sorry, I forgot I was holding a flower. Did I hurt you?"

Flower? That is too cliché. Is it not?

"Then if I were in Aunt Dawn's place, I would say - Not at all. I forgot myself when I realized I was held by a Greek God."

Tsk tsk, what a good little girl! Where did she learn this from?

"You are the most beautiful flower I saw. Thank you for letting me protect you just now."

Are you kidding me? These two are only six years old!

Where the hell are they learning these from?

Who is teaching them this nonsense?

"You are exaggerating. But thanks for the compliment sir." When Noemi giggled in a ladylike but with a childish tone, I and others couldn't help but hold out heads at the ongoing scene.

"Uh, Noemi, actually, I am exaggerating. You are not a flower at all. Keep that wishful thinking aside." Igses suddenly popped the air out of situational balloon and broke the atmosphere.

"Devil, I' going to pull out your hair and weave a hand fan for myself." With the kids chasing each other, the attention was drawn back to us.

It was only then that I noticed new faces in the house. While Eblilis is quietly blushing to a side, I observed the two new couples who are enjoying themselves in the living room beside Liam.

Liam, on the other hand, is busy whispering something to the new people as they nodded in clarification later.

"What are you doing here?" Ah, so she can still talk calmly after blushing like a red seasonal apple.

"The weather is not good so I came to drop Igses and Noemi." I shrugged.

Although I'm being quite casual now, inside, I'm actually feeling extremely happy. The feeling of hugging her, the feeling of locking her in my arms, the feeling of sniffing her natural body scent which can dominate all the fragrant of all flowers and most importantly, the feeling of looking at her up close is like firecrackers going boom boom in my heart.

Damn it, if it wasn't for the curse, I would've preferred Igses to be born by natural course of order. But then again, not doing so is also right. If it would've really happened, Eblilis would've killed me without a second thought.

This is also good. At least she is not all aggressive with this sudden hug.

"Oh." Her voice was hoarse, filled with embarrassment and shyness. But she immediately got back to her calm nonchalant temperament before I could take a chance to tease her.

However, I think I really need to learn a little on trending flirting and teasing ways. If I can make her blush more and can hug her more and can make her more comfortable with being around me, with me more, I'm satisfied with life already.

"Right, this is Carter, his girlfriend, Anne. This is Ruby and her fiancée, Callum. They are my best friends from same circle as Damien."

"Guys, he is Tzalmon Saccius Ebernus, the person who owns Vaettir Industries and the resort I'm currently working on. *cough* He is also Igses's - martial arts instructor." She introduced me as Igses's instructor?!

I'm drowning in happiness. Life boat; you better don't come anywhere near!

Even though she did not say I'm his father, I'm still happy that she is now alright with my status as his instructor.

Soon, one day in future, she will tell others that I'm her son's father.

One day...

"From same circle? Best friends?" When did this happen?

"Ruby remembered everything. So we had to explain the story to her along with Carter and Anne. They know now."

"Hello everyone; pleasure to meet you all finally." I did not ask anything further seeing that she wants to talk about it later.

Her friends one after other nodded solemnly and greeted back politely. But unlike Damien, there was no warmth coming from them.

As expected!

"We heard - a lot about you. It's nice to finally see the face of the one who stole our best friend." The underlying dissatisfaction is flowing out from the tone they spoke.

However, I'm a changed man now. Eblilis is now is not even uncomfortable with the thought of staying ten meters close to me.

The day of union with come too! So I don't mind a little dissatisfaction.

"Alright, the food is ready. Pig-brain, Igses missed you so much these few days, aren't you going to go kiss him." Liam broke the tension and invited everyone, including me to have lunch together.

Eblilis glared holes into Liam before going to where the kids are still chasing each other.

"You want me to have lunch together? With you all?" I raised a brow at Liam with several doubts swimming in my mind.

He wants to spend time together, eating? Not scolding me, not pointing their fingers at me, not counting my failure, but want to eat together with whole family and friends.

This change, when did this happen?

"If you don't want then-" Before he complete it, I walked inside hurriedly.

"I'm famished. Let's eat together." I strode to the dining table wordlessly without wasting any time and too a random seat.

One after one, everyone sat down leaving only three chairs on my left empty. Mrs. Winters served food and did not make things hard for which is another shock for me.

Mr. Winters ignored me but did not look at me with accusation like before. I think this whole Winters family is trying to torture me mentally with these sudden surprises.

When I'm mulling over my own suspicions, a soft body bumped into my shoulder and broke me out of my thoughts. Looking beside, I noticed that the empty seats are now filled.

"I want to sit beside Uncle Liam." Igses jumped on the chair beside Liam and Noemi followed, and jumped on the chair beside Igses; well almost jumped because she looked like a little air balloon when she tried to climb the chair.

Only with Eblilis help could she climb up, leaving Eblilis with no choice but to sit beside me.

When I looked on with a raise of brow, Igses inconspicuously winked at me and threw a scheming smirk at me.

My son knows how to stand on his word!

He surely took after me in this character!

Well done, boy. You will have a bright future!

"Aunt Dawn, what did you get me from your trip?" Noemi asked with a wide expectant smile.

"I'll show you after lunch."

"Okie dokie" She hollered and went on to wolf down her food.

"By the way, Uncle Salimaan, you should buy gifts to me and Igses when you go on trips."

"Hey, why should he buy you anything?" Eblilis poked the little girl on her hair bun and looked at her teasingly.

So this little girl loves gifts, I see!

"Because he is your boyfriend so it is his duty. Aunt Dawn, you should not stop new gifts coming my way." Wll done, girl. I will give you more gifts just for this one simple statement from you.

"My boyfriend? Who said so?" Eblilis gasped and looked around with a frown.

"Anyone with eyes can see it. Aunt Dawn, you don't have to be shy."

Really?

Even she can see it?

Does everyone think I am Eblilis boyfriend?

Did we already reach that point?

No, I need to make this new status solid and try making her comfortable with me more and more so that next time when someone see us both together, they should think that we are match made in heaven for eternity.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

First hug! Yayyyy!

What do think about the hug? Good start?

Noemi and Igses are totally on a new level with their commentary right?

Igses playing Cupid for his mom and dad. So cute, right?

Tzalmon is changing for better. You agree?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 147
**Acacia Point of View**

Do they think I'm a fool?

They think I can't see nor understand anything happening around me?

Huff! When did the father and son get so close that the once overprotective and over possessive son of mine is helping his father to woo me over?

And the funny part is, they think they are so smart and stealthy in doing so.

I could only shake my head and watch both of them continue with their silly ploys. However, if asked whether I'm angry about this; I would say, not really.

And for this flow of thoughts to occupy my mind, one of the main reasons is Damien. If he didn't make me realize that I have had enough and try to let go of things that I should and can, I wouldn't be able to see Jerk in a new light.

Although this new light is not a romantic light, not yet of course, but it is still something that has lots of hope in it for both of us.

Also, now that he is truly and genuinely being nice to me, only hoping to be good to me without any other ulterior motives, things are taking good shape now.

Thankfully, mom, dad and Liam are thoughtful people who knows when to pressure and when to let it go. Sensing that I'm thinking of taking a chance with Jerk, they did not make it difficult for me nor lectured me against it.

They calmly and quietly went with the flow and took things as they came by; which I'm grateful for.

"How can there be such adorable boy and girl? I think I have a toothache because of them." Uh Ruby, is this the right way to compliment Igses and Noemi?

Ruby eyes literally have constellations blinking in them when she is looking at Igses and Noemi. Every now and then, she exchanged glances with Callum which obviously means she wants such adorable kids in future, if not, he can - Ahem!

"How are they being adorable? They are fighting for toys and you think they are cute?" I looked at the kids and did not find them toothachingly adorable at all. In fact, I'm currently having a headache right now.

The birthday party is yet to start and they are already fighting over the gifts I got them from Phoenix and the gifts he would receive in a while from the guests.

"No, I agree with Ruby. Both the kids are super duper cute and entertaining." Carter commented making me frown at him and others who are nodding their head in agreement.

Wait till you have kids, then you will know how cute and entertaining they can be to their own parents.

"Alright now, stop it both of you." I couldn't take it anymore and went to stop their bickering. "Little guy, your birthday party will start in a while, why aren't you ready yet? Noemi, why are you still wasting time and not getting ready?"

"Aunt Dawn, Devil is too much. He is bullying me."

"She actually knows she is being bullied. What an improvement." Igses's comment followed Noemi's complain and both the kids glared at each other immediately.

"If you both don't want to attend the party; no problem. Uncle Liam spent a lot of time and effort to plan an amazing theme party. I feel so sorry for him that the kids are not interested at all." I faked a sad sigh and soon noticed that the kids eyes widened before running up to their respective rooms to get ready.

"You really know how to handle them well. The weather is still horrible outside so Igses classmates might not attend this time around." Aviva said, looking at the sky through window.

"It's good that due to weather, Noemi is living here from the past two days. Or else, he would be feeling sad to not have his best friend in birthday celebrations." She continued to which I nodded in response.

"So how is it going with Eelk? I couldn't ask you about the progress these days. Tell me, how is it? Are you both a thing now? How far did you both take it through?" Like a teenager who is thirsty for gossips, I shook her arm as I asked her about the details.

Aviva, along with my other friends suddenly stopped smiling, looked at me from head to toe expressionlessly and finally turned their eyes away as if they didn't see anything.

"*Cough cough* Well, he wanted to take the relationship further only after getting married. He - doesn't want to - you know - without getting married because he thinks it is disrespect towards me."

"What a pure gentleman!"

"You are so lucky!" Ruby and Anne responded before I could even reaction.

I mean, I agree with both of their comments because I always knew that this royal commander of Jerk's is a fierce man on the outside but a softie inside.

To be able to get Aviva out of her prejudice which was caused due to my predicaments, he must've did all sorts of things to earn her heart.

Not bad!

"He is one of the very few people I liked from their world. If you think you are ready for it, I say, don't waste your time anymore. However, do make sure to get a couple of promises from him before tying a knot so that you will not have to suffer in any way directly or indirectly." I advised.

Given how perspective she is, she will obviously understand what promises I was talking about.

"I know. Thanks for the support. You know, it means a lot to me." She hugged me tightly. Through that hug I can tell how happy and excited she is.

And I'm happy for her.

For her, for someone who is a little wild, little mischievous, little foolish like her, Eelk is the right balance in her life. If everything goes well, they both with have a very happy life.

"Alright, even though Igses classmates couldn't come, there are still our neighbors who will surely attend the party. Let's get this before guests start to gush in." I clapped my hands and soon the room was empty as everyone ran to their rooms.

It took to forty five minutes to get ready myself and I was actually being quite leisure because food and drinks are planned and arranged by mom and the new cook. Other arrangements are being taken care of by Liam and dad, so all I have to do is look after Igses, Noemi and myself.

By the time I was fully dressed, decked up and out of my room, the others are also slowly coming out one by one looking so handsome and beautiful respectively.

However, there is no sign of the kids. I first went to Noemi's room to see if she needs any help only to see that she is sitting on the bed with a depressed face.

"Noemi, why are still sitting her without changing your clothes?"

"Aunt Dawn, I don't know which one to wear out of all the ten dresses." I looked at the bed which is now occupied by the piles of dresses, I don't know what to say anymore.

All those dresses were bought by me from Phoenix because there's a certain boutique over there where especially kids clothing are sold and each one of them are designer pieces. They are absolutely amazing.

So I got ten sets of different designs each for Igses and Noemi. Who would've thought this would cause trouble for me in return.

"How about this one, you don't have this color and the color itself is unique. Why don't you wear this while I fold the remaining dresses and put them away? I know just the right hairstyle that would suit the dress, after you come out wearing it, I will help you with your hair." Giving her no time to think or reply, I rushed her into changing room while I cleaned the bed.

Twenty minutes later, a dazzling young little girl is standing before me with an overtly satisfied smile and proud smug glittering in her eyes.

Finally, I asked her to go down and eat snacks before the party starts while I went to Igses room. Opposite to Noemi, Igses is fully decked up, his hair is neatly arranged in style, his dress makes it easy for everyone to see who the main person for the evening.

But what is more astonishing is his face. His chubby face looks so pink and moist as if he is a peach fruit born like a human.

One look at him and my mind went like -

Wow!

Igses turned to look at me, then opened the first two buttons of his shirt, took out something from inside, closed the buttons and spread out his tightly closed fist towards me for me open.

I opened it and found it empty so I raised a brow at him wanting to know what he is playing at.

"Here is the heart you just lost for me, mamma." He blinked his eyes innocently and pushed the empty air from his hand to mine.

If speechlessness is an emotion, then my face will surely become a popular emoticon.

This little guy, where does he learn these things?

He almost got me just now!

"So the reason you got me a dress is to match with yours. You look alright." I waved my hand casually and said.

"Says the person who was drooling over me just a minute ago."

Why do I suddenly feel like he is more narcissistic than his father?

"Look at the two most important people in my life, one looking as cool as moon and the other, as hot as sun." I and Igses turned our heads towards the familiar voice that hollered loudly.

At the door, leaning over the wall, is the man who has similar features as Igses, only much older to him, crossed his hands over his chest as he looked at both of us with a smile.

But my eyes were on what he was wearing and yet again for the second time, my mind went like -

Wow!

Because he is wearing the exact same thing as Igses is wearing, which apparently is also matching with mine.

Did this father and son duo plan this out?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

The family of three are slowly but surely getting close together. You excited?

What kind of romance do you want to see between Acacia and Tzalmon? Do let me know.

Igses has such smart mouth don't you think so?

Wait, matching clothes for family? Tzalmon is learning well!

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 148
**Tzalmon Point of View**

I arched a brow at my son, who gave me a wink in return.

So the reason why he wanted to go shopping with me suddenly and wanted to buy matching clothes with me is for this.

He actually got the matching set for Eblilis as well and hid from both of us.

Not bad. Not bad!

"What nonsense are you talking? Let's go down, the guests are about to arrive." Although those words sounded harsh, the slight pink cheeks and red ears of hers tells a different story.

"Mamma, my friends can't attend the party right?"

"Given the weather outside, I doubt they would. However, there's still Noemi, yes? Also, Uncle Liam's friends are coming, my friends are here." Eblilis pinched our son's cheek and pacified him.

"My people will be here too. Your Grandpa Abby will be here too." I also tried my best to brighten his mood.

"It's okay. I can always enjoy next year with them. Or there is still Noemi's birthday pending for the year. I can still enjoy then." The little fellow nodded to himself with a thoughtful smile.

The three of us, Igses in the middle with me on the right side, Eblilis on the left side and both of us holding each of his hands, started to climb down the stairs.

Only two steps down, Igses saw Noemi wolfing down a plate of chocolate flavored snakes and ran down to her leaving me and Eblilis a short time with each other alone. I don't know if he did it intentionally or not but I was still thankful for it.

"I - I asked my people to attend the party as well. Is that alright" I slowed down the pace of my walking and unknowingly, she slowed down as well.

"Gyles, Azar and Eelk?"

"Yes and those new families that came recently and starting to settle down here as well. It will be a new experience for them and this is also their crown prince's birthday." I explained hurriedly not wanting something so trivial to become a misunderstanding out of nothing.

"Oh. How many families are here by the way? Are they getting used to the culture and life here?" Eblilis's tone doesn't sound like she is blaming me. On contrary, it was as casual and warm as it was an illusion.

"For now, twenty five clans are here. Put together, a total of nine hundred people." She suddenly faltered on her steps hearing my words. I reflexively wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her into me so as to save her from falling down.

She must've been so shocked that she did not realize our current position and looked up at me with wide shock displayed in her eyes.

"Nine hundred? How did you manage to settle them down? Given the security here, how did you manage to cover up the arrival of so many new faces? What about their accommodation, their identity cards and the other essentials?"

Wrapping the second arm also around her, I shrugged with a smile. "It's difficult but not impossible. The clans now work under Vaettir Industries banner so with that appearance, it is not too difficult to scatter them and settle them down."

Eblilis blinked her eyes at me countless times as she narrowed her eyes with a suspicious stare. "It's not as simple as you say it. Tell me, how did you pull this off? Why do I feel like there's help from a small pair of hands I'm very familiar with?"

And the smart little fox is back!

Is it okay to be so smart?

She almost guessed everything!

"There is."

"Huh?" She frowned in confusion for a second before her face creased back in realization. "He really helped you? With magic?"

"Um hmm. And I have to say that his outlook on use of magic quite unique."

"But he was always against you."

"He is my son after all. How can he be against me forever? You are not comfortable with the both of coming closer?" Although I know my limitations, I cannot still stay very far away from my son.

I could only find the commonalities between us and get closer to him, know him more and understand him more.

Eblilis did not hesitate to answer and shook her head. "It's not that. It's fine if he is happy. I just - I'm not used to share his attention. Before you came, I was his only parent, I had his complete attention. I knew somewhere deep down he wanted a father too. And then you came and you started to fill that empty spot slowly. I'm not uncomfortable. I'm just - not used to it."

This is the first time she expressed her thoughts clearly and calmly without any anger or despise. And I'm glad that she did.

I started to understand that most of the problems between us sprouted from me and the reason for most of those problems was poor communication between us.

If I told her everything, gave her an explanation in the past, if I was transparent with the things I should be, she might've not harbored such loathing towards me.

Now that she expressed her thoughts without hiding them, I felt both happy and appreciative. And to be honest, I understand her state of mind as well.

For her son, she sacrificed a lot. To give her son a better place to grow up, to give him better food and clothing and to give him a good life, she put herself through hell.

Her love for Igses is evident and now there is this second parent who did not share any of her suffering in the past sauntered in to their perfectly build nest to claim his rights, it is understandable how she would feel.

There is no doubt that she is the best mother a child could ever have.

"In that little fellow's life, no one can replace you. No matter how close we are or how close we get in future, I will always come after you. To be honest, the reason he started to accept his relation with me is not because he wanted a dad but because he wanted to see you happy. He wants you to live like Noemi's mother, happy and content with life and her husband. He wants that for you." Eblilis gasped when she heard me.

And I was not lying.

Igses's primary goal in accepting me was to help his mother live a free life. He wants his mother to work a little less and enjoy a little more. I, as his father, who is also coincidentally rich and accommodating, is perfect to give his mother a good happy life.

And I'm not at all angry about it. On contrary, I find it pleasing to heart. What the son wants is also what the father wishes for so why not?

I want to correct myself and give the best of everything to Eblilis. With two minds alike, I'm satisfied with the result.

A thin line of silver slipped from Eblilis eyes soon after she heard what I said. Her eyes reddened while she tried to keep the moist in her eyes away.

Wiping away a tear from her cheek, I sighed as I rubbed my thumb on her chin. "You know that we, Dr'helellis, honor our promises with life right? Today, I, as the King of Dr'helellis, promise you that I will not come between you and Igses and I shall give it my best to rectify myself despite of the results in the end. I will not repeat the previous mistakes again, if I really did, the heavens can be the witness and scatter my soul with no chance of reincarnation." She already loosened herself and despise me less now.

I know she must've thought through things before deciding to be civil with me. I cannot cause any trouble for her and her emotions at all.

She is trying to see past my negatives and I should try and give her good reasons to forget those negatives once and for all.

But my promise is not a cause of some kind of repercussion. I meant every word I said. I wanted her to know, I want her heart to feel my sincerity.

I want to wipe away her doubts and suspicions slowly. I want to give her a carefree life, a life she missed because of me.

And she will get it; with or without me in such life. It doesn't matter anymore if I could be able to stay in a solid relationship with her or not, as long as she is happy, it is fine nonetheless.

I'm fine with just being a neighbor, or just a business partner, or just a roadside Romeo who flirts with her ever now and then. I'm content with anything as long as she has a smile on the face and the genuinity of the smile is seen in her eyes.

Eblilis started at me wordlessly for sometime before she cleared her throat and got out of my arms. I unwrapped my arms around her and let her put some distance between us.

A glint of determination and something else was seen in her eyes at that moment. Before she turned around to leave, she once again gave me a long stare and said something that caused my heart to pound in excitement.

"After the party is over, let's have some much needed chat that was pending for some years now."

Just those few words opened a new door of expectation for me!

And I couldn't ask for more.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Tzalmon and Acacia had a small calm chat. Yay!

Another hug between the couple. What are your views?

Acacia spoke her mind and took a step forward towards a relationship with Tzalmon. Your views?

Acacia wanted to have the impending discussion to clear the air between them. Finally! Yay!

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love 

Lady Prim**


###chapter 149
**Acacia Point of View**

"If it wasn't for the terrible cyclone, my little nephew's first birthday with us would be a bang. If his classmates could come, it would be an assemble of various cartoon characters." Liam clicked his tongue in pity.

Although only I heard him, his words represented the feelings of my whole family. It was Igses's sixth birthday but with my family, it was his first to celebrate. They must be feeling both happy and sad at the same time.

Sad, because it is not going on as they planned!

"It's okay. Your nephew is not the type of kid who is willful. Next year, we can plan an even better party for him or we may as well go on a vacation trip for his birthday." I bumped shoulder as I watched my son mingling with everyone.

Most of the guests who attended the party are Jerk's people so they are both joyful and respectful towards Igses. They are brimming with pride when they saw their prince talking politely with them and addressing everyone without leaving out anyone.

My friends on the other side are completely smitten by both the kids and for some reason, they keep picking them up in their arms and kissing their cheeks soundly.

Especially Anne and Ruby, they are like possessed ghouls who are after cute kids; which is interesting.

"Why does it feel like the air between Damien and Ruby rather calm and settled?" I wondered out in a low voice as I observed the two in a rather good mood with each other despite having Callum with them.

Did something happen?

"Your pig eyes were able to detect that? Good improvement! Something indeed happen last night." I chose to gulp down my anger and focus on the all time famous gossipy tone of Liam's.

"Hmm? What is it?"

"The man who advised you to let go of the past grudges and see past what eye meets; do you think he cannot think well when it comes to his own life?" That's right.

"Actually, Damien visited Ruby and Callum in the couple's room last night. " Liam continued with an eagerness of a certified gossiper.

"What? For what?"

"Of course to talk out everything! The were locked in the room for nearly three hours last night and when Damien left the room, the three were looking relieved. It was later when I asked Damien about it, he told me everything."

"What did he say? What did they talk?" I held Liam's arm tightly and pulled him certain level of impatience clear to naked eye.

"Why should I tell you? Ask him yourself." This dog!

"Come on, tell me. Right I was actually trying to buy a small property close to your university - " Before I could even complete it, Liam blinked his eyes with large amount of light shining in his eyes.

"So it is like this, Damien first told Callum about the whole part of how their memories hold the real part of their forgotten life and everything related to it. Since Mr. Ebernus and his team are quite powerful, we don't have to worry about the secret being spilled by Callum. He then asked Ruby how she feels about him and Callum."

"What did Ruby say?"

"Just like mom predicted. Although she has many memories of them being together, they are still no physical memories so Ruby took the chance and expressed herself clearly. She said Damien can only be her friend, best friend but Callum is the person who has her heart. That, Callum is the right person to share her life with. Damien was actually very happy about it because he could clear up the pending and confused feelings between them and with the help of Callum, the awkwardness was finally wiped away." I breathed in mouth full of air and released in a dramatic manner.

So much happened in one night?

But thinking back to it, I think this is the right thing to do. If Damien and Ruby are together or not, they should be happy and free from any emotional burdens. As long as they know what they want and have no regrets, it is enough for me and everyone.

"That's good. Callum seems to be a good person. He evn accompanied Ruby here without asking a thing which shows he respects her privacy and loves her deeply."

"Hmm. By the way, what is wrong with that man, Gyles? Why does he look like a walking talking shopping mall?" Right! Gyles!

Looking at the man in question who is right now standing behind Jerk with both his hands in pant pockets, looking as though he escaped from an alien planet.

I scoffed at him and turned to answer Liam. "That man is recently obsessed with online shopping that from pin to plane, he has almost everything and mostly he got them from online stores. Eelk said that their villa was fully filled up with the unopened packages he previously ordered. According to what I heard, their beds are also occupied so they are currently making their bed on those packages and sleeping. Poor them, they had no good sleep from nearly three weeks."

I tsked whenever I looked at that man. He is wearing a gold and black three piece suit, spectacles that have good frame but might not have any glasses inside, a smart watch on his one hand, his ears pierced with several gold rings, his neck is completely covered with several gold chains, each of finger has different styles of rings, his shoes seems like they are marinated in polish liquid for days to shine like that, his hair is styled in an awkward manner that I don't even know how to describe it. In short, he looks - unimaginable.

I will make it a point to ask Jerk about it later. Gyles really looks like he is going through some troublesome period.

Seeing that the time for cake cutting has arrived and all the guests are here, I clapped my hands to gather their attention. I made a small speech, thanking them for coming and spoke a few words about my lovely dear son.

"Little man, it's time. Come on, the cake is here." And a five layered cake is brought in by helping staff.

"Wow, grandma, did you make it? It looks so beautiful and tasty." Igses gasped and looked at cake with dollar symbols rolling in his eyes.

Each layer is of different flavor and style and can appease kids easily so it is obvious that Igses loved it a lot.

"Your grandma is not that talented and creative. It's your lovely, most handsome and the stunning Uncle Liam who spent the whole afternoon to bake it for you." Liam puffed his chest proudly and looked down arrogantly.

I don't agree with the adjectives he used for himself but the cake he baked indeed looks great. That I have to agree, painfully.

Igses jumped into Liam's arms and kissed him before hugging him tightly again. "Mamma, it's so great to have grandma, grandpa and uncle. I love them so much." I grinned back at him and nodded.

"Alright, come and cut the cake. Where is Noemi?" I looked around and found the little girl standing beside Anne. I called her and stuck two candles on the cake, asking both the kids to make a wish a blow the candles.

Since the kids grew up together, they are used to celebrate both of their birthdays together as if it was theirs and I nor her family mind anyway.

They closed their eyes and made their wish before blowing the candles. They took the knife and cut the cake, first feeding a small piece to me, then, surprisingly to Jerk and then to my family.

As much as I hate to admit it loudly, the cake was most delicious I had in my life. Even I cannot do it any better.

"Where is my gift?" Igses asked looking at Jerk. Jerk chuckled and brought out two big gift boxes and placed in front of Igses and Noemi.

They hurriedly opened them and almost had their eyes fall out of their sockets when they saw what exactly is inside.

Jerk gave them both a genuine bike each suitable for kids. They are just like any other bike except, they are atmosphere friendly, speed suitable for kids but considered as sports-bike for those under age ten and most importantly, they look so cool.

Igses bike is in nice lavender color and Noemi's is in light orange. They really look dashing and cool.

"I absolutely love this. Now I can go to school by myself." Noemi said jumping on her bike and starting it immediately. She looked at Jerk and blew a heart and kiss towards him before she continued to admire her new plaything.

"Yes, mamma can I go to school by myself from now on? I promise I will be careful. Please?" Igses got on his bike and turned to me to plead.

He raised his head and looked at Jerk with such admiration and love that it almost blinded me. These two little devils' love for gifts is underrated.

"Why don't we do this, we will start from small errands around the corner and then slowly get you used to the roads, directions and traffic."

"Okay." He nodded happily and drove away to the garden outside followed by Noemi behind him. It is still a puzzle to me how they drove a bike with such ease.

Isn't it their first time?

Mom gave personally made shoes to both the little ones while dad got them several sets of brainstorming interesting games.

Lord Aubesse got them a necklace with a tear drop gem each. It didn't look like a normal necklace but I noted to ask him later on about it.

The rest of the party went on with me being introduced to several families under Jerk, receiving their gifts for Igses followed by dinner.

There was music dance and everything that was supposed to be fun. It was lively and enjoying for everyone.

After the guests all left finally, I looked at Jerk who stayed back. Staring at him for a minute with several thoughts running in my mind, I finally made up my mind.

"Let's go to my study to talk." Saying, I led him upstairs.

It's time I talk everything out and let go of what I should!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Damien is certainly the most rational one among the lot. Agree?

He solved his life issue without wasting anytime and not waiting for the situation to ripe and rot. 

Acacia and Tzalmon should learn from Damien about handling important problems. Agree?

What do you think about Gyles and his latest obsession?

Acacia and Tzalmon are finally going to have their official first sensible talk! Yay!

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 150
**Tzalmon Point of View**

My heart was thumping loudly that I can even hear it in my ears.

Is it excitement or anxiety, I don't know but this is the moment I have always hoped for.

A moment to make things smoother with Eblilis!

I looked at her keenly as she busied herself and got us each a bottle of iced coffee. Setting them on the table before us, she took a seat before me.

For several minutes, both of us are silent. We could only take few sips of coffee from our bottles while thinking of how to start.

Maybe, she is thinking about how to start the topic as well!

"You were the chosen one and neither I nor anyone knows why that is." I chose my words carefully and started. I don't know what exactly she wants to talk about but starting from the beginning and clearing up the root issues is not a bad start either.

Some part of the story she already knew but still repeating the whole explanation is better than omitting it just based on assumption that she knows it.

"Uh?" Eblilis, for a moment did not understand what I meant but a second later, realization dawned on to her.

"You knew how my father went against the laws of nature and tried to do something that disrupted the balance of the universe; it started then. That imbalance led to centuries of curse on us; until what got out of balance was balanced out slowly. When we were cursed to be imprisoned on the island without the power to materialize our physical bodies, a prophecy came out. A prophecy that one day, the one to break the curse and lead us to great power shall come and when she comes, she shall do it with the help of heir to the throne."

Eblilis blinked her eyes at me, although not considerately, she still had a sense of realization on her face.

"And that person is me." She breathed out.

"And that person is you. When you, along with your friends, were on that trip, I sensed you. This world and the supernatural realms have several portals to crossover around the world. One of them is at the place where you have last seen your friends on the ship. Because of the curse, the portals between this world and our realm were not stable to begin with but because it has something to do with you, heavens worked their way to ease things for me."

"So you created an illusion for me that I and my friends were in a shipwreck before you lead me to the island." There was no expression on her face.

There was no disappointment, no anger, nothing. No matter how long I look at her I wasn't able to guess what is going on in her heart.

"Yes. Unless the heir to the throne is born, we will never be able to break the curse completely. With my abilities, knowing your life with just a look at you is easy. The moment you stepped on the island, I already knew who you are, what your name, how your life was; everything. From the first day you came, I knew my aura and many of my abilities doesn't work on you. However, once Igses was conceived, none of my powers worked on you; not even the simple ability to read your life." I said truthfully.

This is the moment I'm waiting for, now that it has come, I will rather say the bitter truth than hide it with sweet words.

I have learnt my lesson and will never let any miscommunication come between us hereforth.

"Something I never understood was the secret behind conceiving Igses. I was a virgin - nay - I still am. The reason why my delivery was a little complicated was because I was a virgin. How exactly Igses come to my womb when I am certain that I never had any physical intimacy with anyone?"

"Don't you have something like IVF here? Your case is similar to that. You were a mortal human with a physical body while I am half deity in spirit form. It is not possible for us to have any physical relationship unless I have a material body. Our living properties are just not meant for each other. So I condensed my power into a sperm and sent it into your womb. It's just like IVF but in a magical sense." I closed my eyes in guilty and did not dare to look at her for some time.

Eblilis fell in her own thoughts before she raised her head and asked me, "Even though I couldn't see you and your people back then, you were still able to talk to me using letters right? I was scared, confused and what not at that time, why didn't you give me one letter explaining me the situation?"

Thinking back, I wanted to slap myself for doing it.

If I could go back in time, I would never make that silly mistake again.

"I was not this open minded back then, Eblilis. I'm an immortal deity, a king to a supernatural realm; I never answered to my own courtiers and people, how would I have the thought to provide you with an answer? I was born and raised to be above everyone, you tell me, with my eyes almost in clouds, will I have a thought of clarification?"

To hell with pride and ego, I need to be truthful to amend myself.

But then again, although I was self-depraving, I realized that I am not sad or disgusted by it. I surprisingly find it releasing.

"Wait, you said 'were human'." Eblilis tilted her head and asked suddenly with her eyes wide and mouth agape.

"Eh?" What does she mean?

"You said I was a mortal human with physical body. I was? Am I not now?" I self blamed myself, was being frank with her, what she caught was that single point?

Anyways, I still nodded my head and confirmed her. "You are not one of our race but you are not mortal anymore. I am not sure if you have any powers or not but for certain I can tell that the ability to age has lessened the moment you gave birth to Igses."

"Like a vampire?"

"Vampires don't age at all. In your case, in our case, we age slower than other. Like, I'm several centuries old but I look like I am in my early thirties, that is because the pace of aging for supernatural is much slower and it is even more slow to us as our abilities, powers everything comes to us from our spirit. We are spirit people so our spirits are unrivalled stronger and much concentrated."

She nodded and took in the information calmly. I expected her to be nervous or question me nonstop but she proved me wrong again. She calmly nodded and waited for me to talk.

She must've guessed many things by herself now.

"Right, so, I thought it is beneath me to inform you of anything at that time. To be the chosen person, to be able to carry my child, to be able to gain my favor; I was in delusion that you would feel honored. Moreover, my thoughts were more towards taking care of the child in your womb by taking care of you. I followed you everyday wherever you went, saw whatever you did, heard whatever you said, observed what you liked and disliked, saw you depressed and crying; I felt bad. Although I had my nose up in air, I genuinely felt bad for you. But the madness to get out of the curse and the pride of being an emperor weighed more than those feelings I had towards you."

"You were in a dire state but you still fought back time and again when there was opportunity. You did not just follow my plans blindly. Even though you couldn't see me, although you were alone, you stood up for yourself and did only what you have confidence in, only what your understood. How can I not have feelings for you? Even though it was a small speck of them, I did have them. Female in our kingdom are not on equal grounds with men. Women are of lesser status that is more like accessories to us. But you denied to be one, how would I not be attracted by you. You even slapped me, remember? How would I not be impressed by you? It's only that the cultural difference between both the worlds is far apart. I was more narrow minded back then." I continued.

It was really true that before the curse was broken, when she was in the castle, I was truly attracted to her. I saw the process of her becoming brave from coward. I saw her talent in handiworks. I saw her pass time by herself. I saw everything she did and heard everything she said.

She was one of a kind.

And it is still the same. Even after seeing the women from modern era, Eblilis is still one of a kind because if it were someone else in her place, they wouldn't have made it out.

Eblilis raised her head and looked at me wordlessly without blinking her eyes. Her eyes were like one of those machines used to scan QR codes while she was scanning me.

What I happy about is there is no repulsive hint in her eyes. There was also no despise that I always used to see. She was purely looking at me as if she was trying to figure out something.

"Then our son was born and the curse was finally broken. To be honest, I never wanted you to raise Igses. I planned for my son to be raised by more talented nannies from my palace. Who would've thought that the bonding between you and Igses would be so strong and you were one hell of a tigress who would go any length for your child. You did not give me any chance and took all the rights over Igses into your own hands."

"At that time, I didn't have any doubt on your potential to kill me if you were kept away from Igses. That raw, fierce protective love for the kid was what made me unable to take any drastic step towards you."

Eblilis, you might have me after listening to those thoughts of mine; but better hate me after knowing than to hate me for not knowing at all.

I will at least know where and how to work on the problem.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Tzalmon took the initiative to clarify everything. A good start right?

Tzalmon indeed felt something for Acacia in those days. And he accepted them openly.

Do you think Acacia will acknowledge his thoughts without being superficial? 

What do you think about Tzalmon's thoughts from the past? 

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 151
**Acacia Point of View**

Calm down! It was all in the past.

Calm down, he did not go through with those lame ideas.

I cannot and should not take those past accounts into consideration to settle the score. This is a discussion started with the reason to better the situation and possible relationships.

"You really knew how to be snobby." I scoffed mockingly. The look of guilt and disappointment on his face softened a tiny bit of my heart. Not wanting to ruin the grand official talk we are having, I took the initiative to bring the discussion back on track.

"With you being so mighty and all, why did you agree to send me to a place far from the capital city with Igses?" Although a part of the reason was my stubbornness at that time, I was still a normal human being with no money and power.

If he wanted to, he could've just not agreed to my conditions to go Oudad. Thinking back, although there was a little argument between both of us, he indeed agreed to the conditions pretty soon and gladly.

"I didn't want to send you as well. It was a huge dent on my ego that neither my aura was working on you nor are you scared of me. You were a mortal but much more strong in heart. There were two reasons; one, I knew if I did not accept your conditions, you would do something drastic. You have no magical powers but you have some kind of invisible power over us which might be because your existence is rather special."

Hey, is he trying to soothe my heart?

Ahem, although I think he meant every word, the way he indirectly described me as a valiant person made me feel good.

At least he learnt how to use words correctly at right times after coming here.

"And the second reason?"

"I didn't want to expose you and Igses to those mutated people. If the curse was broken, it meant the curse on Vizac and his people, was broken as well. Sooner or later, they would infiltrate to lay a hand on you and Igses. So keeping you in the capital city in the royal castle was like putting an LED light on the target while the shooter was still in the dark. Sending you and Igses to Oudad without much fanfare was to buy some time before I make arrangements to settle the issue once and for all."

Really?

I did not show it on my face but I'm actually quite surprised by the sudden realization. He really agreed to stay away from his son just so he could take off the focus from us?

I really don't want to believe it but one look into his sharp eyes; I can tell he was telling the truth.

Damien was right. Although this man is despicable, he still has scope to be taught.

But then again, something went off in my mind and I remember the scene which prevented me to forgive him completely.

"If you were so concerned about me and Igses, why did you use both of us as baits to reach Vizac? You know, that was one thing that I can never forget or forgive about."

Hearing my words, Jerk shook his head continuous and heaved heavily. He took a minute time before he answered.

"That was indeed my mistake and it was intentional, I accept it openly." He did not meet my eyes and looked down and rubbed his face with both his hands.

"That was my own intentional decision and I will not sugarcoat it and say that my actions had deeper and more profound meaning. At that time, even though I was much more powerful than Vizac and my father, It was a situation that I couldn't pull out all of their spies. I wanted to strike all at once and leave none of them behind. I was planning to make a big move but Vizac people already found out about you and Igses along with your location. I could've taken a safer way to eliminate them but that way would not eliminate them completely from roots. So I could only use their plot to get to you to my advantage and play it as if they got you first and I was going crazy to find you."

"But I was able to do it because I was confident that nothing would happen to you or Igses. I had my people around you to keep an eye on you and protect you. Vizac would be a fool if he did something to you or Igses given you both are the key to their freedom and strength as well." He continued.

Moving a little forward, he held my hands in his and squeezed them a little. When I looked at him, he was already staring at me with mix of emotions.

"Trust me, Eblilis; my method may be wrong, my execution may be wrong, my decisions may be wrong but my intentions were never wrong. You are the person who was made for me and my kingdom, the other is my own son. That was my blood and flesh, how could I push you both into pit to die? I may not be a husband of the year or father of the century but I knew my limits. I had firsthand experience with how cruel my father was, I never wanted to be a father like my father to my son. I was born and raised to be an existence that others can only worship but could never fathom to reach. I never answered myself to others so giving you any kind of clarification, at that time, was beneath me. I am stubborn by nature and having everything go as per my wishes all my life, a little unexpected change like you pushed me into chaos."

"You were not in tune with my decision, you never accepted my arrangements, you never did what was told to; you basically challenged my authority every minute in my own kingdom. The more you challenged me, the more I wanted to tame you but surprisingly, I also did not want to change you. It was a chaos in my heart at that time. Your personality was something that both frustrated me as well as attracted me."

I listened to him calmly. As I listened to him, I can feel moist around the corner of my eyes and I'm sure that my eyes were red by now even though tears did not fall.

He confessed that he baited me and Igses intentionally, then why do I suddenly not feel as angry as before?

I - feel relieved. His confession somehow lifted a huge rock from my heart. It cleared a shadow that has been there for a long time, the shadow that caused my heart to be in constant fear of unknown.

I should be angrier, now that he accepted his misdeed, right?

I should hate him, I should slap him!

But why do I feel so light and relieved?

"Eblilis, I told you why I always call you by that name, right? You are really important to me and my people. I've done many bad things, I've hurt you, I know I should not be forgiven. And you are right in your place to not forgive me. However, I will try my best to make amendments. It might take a day, a year or a century for you to forget and forgive me but I will try relentlessly and hand on my heart, I have never blamed you for being the way you are. The dynamics of our relationship has always been different and to be honest, there were sparks of love for you in my heart before but I realized love is something that should be cultivated together. In the past, you were a convenient prospect to me and I took you for granted so the sparks of love I felt for you at that time were not right. Even though I love you for all the proper reasons now, I have no right to expect anything from you."

"All I ask for is to be in the same family with you and Igses. That was enough!"

God what happened to him?

Why is this Jerk being so emotional today?

He is also making me extremely emotional.

The tears that I held back started fall. I lightly squeezed the hands that were holding mine and looked at him with tears blurring my eyes.

His words truly touched my heart. He did not indeed sugarcoat it and when he criticized himself or accepted his mistake, I can feel his sincerity.

He has changed!

Not much but he has changed for better.

"Why didn't you marry me when you had a chance back then after Igses was born?" Trying to control the flow of my emotions, I asked one final question.

He kept wiping my tears and when he heard me, he was puzzled when he answered. "You didn't want to and you were quite firm in your decision."

That brief reply emptied the little bit of discomfort from my heart.

Back then, he told his people that I was their queen but he did not force marriage on me. Thinking about it now, I am grateful for his decision.

Jerk wiped away another stream of tears and continued to mummer sorrys'. I don't know if it was because I was feeling good now or it was because of his chants of sorrys', i cried harder.

Earlier, I did not want to interrupt him so I tried to contain my emotions. Now that I feel a sense of release, I cried hard for several reason.

I am happy, sad, confused and much more all at the same time.

Yet, I was more grateful to him and myself for having this discussion.

"Please don't cry, Eblilis. I'm sorry I did this to you. Why don't you slap me? If it will calm you down, then just slap me. Please, don't cry. I promise I will not -"

"I'm sorry." I breathed out, not letting him finish his sentence.

"What?"

"I'm sorry. I - You were in the wrong in the first place and everything happened because you were not up for communicating with me. But, there were times, may it be in the past or may it be here in this world, the way I handled things were not right as well. There were times and things that I should've taken them lightly and let me be rather than making a mountain out of nothing. You suffered too and I was not mindful of it. For that, I'm sorry."

A mask of disbelief came over and Jerk went still. His gaze landed on me, staring at me seriously with plethora of emotions playing on his usual non-expressive face.

"Eblilis -"

"Jerk, why don't we stop doing anything that will make us hate each other? Why don't we stop hating each other for the past events and let it go? What do you say?" I spoke softly, finally letting all the bad feelings in my heart go.

"You - do you mean it?" I felt his hands, which were hold mine, shake a little. His eyes were filled with hope and affection as he looked at me.

" I'm not easy to please, it is not easy for me to have an idea of marrying you, it is hard for me have feelings of love. Jerk, you will have a hard time. Try if you could sow the seed of love in my heart for you and cultivate it together."

Wiping away my tears, I gave him a stern and determined stare and when I saw him completely frozen and speechless.

Satisfied, I walked out of my study without waiting for his response.

Jerk, I really hope you can make me love you.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Finally the sand has settled. Finally!

Tzalmon is so cool in this ###chapter, right?

He accepted his faults like a real man. You agree?

Acacia too apologized for whatever she has done as well. 

So everything will now start a fresh. Yay!

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 152

Tzalmon Point of View

Tick tock tick tock...

"It's been three days since Majesty has been tapping his fingers on the table listlessly. What do you think is the reason for this?" I heard Azar whisper softly to Gyles.

"He has been like this since the night of young prince's birthday. He had a long chat with Lady Dawn and from then on, he feel into his own world." Gyles whispered back.

Those idiots think that because I'm in my own thoughts, I cannot hear them?

Forget it! Eblilis is more important now. These idiots can be taught a lesson later as well.

Now my priority is to develop a good relationship with Eblilis and if fates open their eyes, we can also take it further to love, then marriage and then more kids.

But she was already a hard nut to crack; the other night, she even said she is not easy to please. How should I make the environment better between us and around us?

Although my goal is to be together in love and share a family, I'm also happy if the sand between us finally settles down.

So, should I be normal with her or should I do something to impress her?

Should I compliment her? Nay, she knows me and my personality too well. If she felt good by praises then it is good, if not, it would backfire on me.

Flowers and chocolates; I already tried them and it did not work before.

"Majesty, have you ever thought of using romance to get close to Lady Dawn." Eelk asked with such a tone as if he was dizzy.

However his tone might be, his question caught my attention.

Romance? Like holding hands, hugging, kissing which will slowly progress into two bodies wrapped under the bed sheets?

"She only let go of the past three days ago, if I go and hug-kiss her, it will bring more negative effect than positive." I reprimanded him back with a scowl.

"Eelk, how did you win Aviva Fortune's heart?" After few minutes of silence, I turned to Eelk and asked with expectant look.

Eelk suddenly turned towards me and showed a smug smile on his face. Suddenly his body posture went from being a subordinate to me to be a friend to me.

"The main reason is obviously because I'm too charming to be unseen and unfelt by her. But there's also another important factor that led us from being acquaintances to lovers."

"Oh? What is it?"

"We spent time together, intentionally, accidentally or otherwise. Sometimes, it was my schemes and sometimes it was her intentions but nonetheless, we spent good time together and came to know about each other more and more." Although Eelk words made sense, seeing that smug look on his face, a voice inside me is urging me to punch him.

So spending time, casual time with each other is a must. I didn't need Eelk to tell me this. I already knew this well from long back.

But given how I and Eblilis crossed many borders, many hurdles and many evils to reach this point, it is not easy to spend casual time together. So, the casual time that we spend together should be reasoned and timed cleverly.

I waved my hand and they all went out of my room. I need time to think it out and make perfect arrangements. I need to think of a best way to make this relationship happen and should never let a way for mistake.

Food was forgotten, sleep was forgone, the whole morning, I did not but thinking about my newly advanced relationship status with Eblilis and ways to advance it further to next level.

I was still thinking about it when I heard the sound of door opening. "Did I tell you all to not disturb me?" I chided without looking at the door.

"I only wanted to help you with reaching out to my mamma. Since you are so omnipotent, let's leave it to you to get her." A teasing tone along with a loud sigh was heard and I immediately turned to take a look.
My sons tricks are really top notch, seeing that I turned to look at him, he made a move to walk out and close the door.

Does he want me to request him or beg him to stay?

Did he think I would do that?

If so, then he is absolutely right. He is my last straw to save me from drowning.

"Come on in. You don't have to play this drama with me." I retained my fatherly air and waved my finger nonchalantly gesturing him to walk in and close the door.

He sauntered towards me lazily and sat in the chair in front of me with one leg on the other.

This kid sure knows how to put on airs.

"Alright, tell me, what ideas do you have?" I tried my best to cover up the impatience in my voice.

"Actually, before I help you with any ideas, I want to give you an advice." Oh?

"Let's hear it out."

"Dad, it's not like you are a person who needs someone else to do all your work right?" This made me raise a brow at him.

What does that mean?

Does he think that I'm a dependent person?

"What I am saying is, you should first use your own methods to get close to mamma. If your methods fail, then I will help you. Mamma usually like people who depend on themselves to get things done. You always say that you are a great king, how come you need so many people to tell you what you can do?"
What he said makes sense but as a younger one, is it really good to use such direct approach to tell me?
I am his father!

Nevermind, this boy has always been mamma's boy!

"I understand. I already have my own plans. When did I ever ask for help from someone else?" I grumbled.
"Then let's see how you will make a favorable impression on mamma." He stood up, held his hands behind like an adult, looked up at me arrogantly and tsked before leaving.

Seeing him give me those expressions and leave just like that, there was only one sentence running in my mind;

How come my son turned out to be like this?

I thought I was the most arrogant person in the world, seems like my son has higher degree in it than me.
But then again, he looked so adorable and lovely when he was being arrogant.

Surely, the product of two bests cannot be worse than them.

And so, after Igses left, I spent a whole day putting all my thoughts in a journal. I noted down the characteristics and personality of Eblilis. Her mentality in different actions, our interactions until now; I wrote down everything briefly.

After reading it over and over again, I finally realize that I came to understand Eblilis a little more than before. There were few small things that I always ignored but now that I had put them all on paper, I realized that those small things make a big difference too.

So, after thinking about it, I finally decided on my first course of action.

That is, to hit hard on her small likings and hobbies.

The next morning, after an early breakfast, the first thing I did was knock on the door of my immediate neighbor's.

Winters' Residence!

"What are doing here?" Eblilis opened the door and frowned at me.

Looking at her bed hair, night gown and drowsy eyes, one can easily tell that she woke up just now, or, she woke up because of me.

"Eblilis, good morning. Sorry, I didn't know you were still sleeping. Mr. and Mrs. Winters -" I chuckled awkwardly and looked around the quiet living room.

"Mom and dad went to Charleston this early morning; will be back in four days. Liam is already at university, Igses did not wake up yet, my friends are my house." Eblilis said as she yawned.

Fudging hell!

I was supposed to make a good impression but look at me disturbing her sleep in my first attempt. I am really stupid.

"Umm, you are going back to resort site for inspection tomorrow right?"

"Yes and I'm taking my friends to give them a tour. What is it? Just tell me the reason for your early visit." She asked with a little impatience as she walked into kitchen and made some tea for herself and maybe for me as well.

"There rare plants fair this afternoon. I know you love gardening a lot and you have liking for colorful flowers. Would you want to go with me and see if find something to our liking and buy them?" Again yawning and rubbing her eyes, she poured hot tea in two cups and placed them on the kitchen island.
One for her and one in front of me!

She gave me the tea she made personally? Why do I feel like it's more like ambrosia than tea?
"Rare plants fair?"

"Umm." I hummed.

"This afternoon?"

"Do you have plans for the day?" I asked with a smile but with a baited breath.

Say no!

Just say no!

"Not really. Since it's the plants fair, let's go and have a look. I'll make an early brunch for the three of us then."

"Three of us?" I know that the third person must be Igses.

I cannot let my son be a third wheeler now, can I?

"I've already asked Igses last night about it but he refused to go saying that there is a test in school in a few days so he and Noemi are planning to study together."

Sorry son, but you cannot come with us on these small unnamed dates from here on. You will know my heart when you get yourself a girlfriend in future.

Eblilis nodded without thinking much and agreed to go with me alone. I cannot be happier than this.

This will be our first date together. Unnamed but it is still a date; that too, a date with both of our hearts at peace towards each other.

Now that the good time has already started, there is no hurry to win her in a rush. I need to be slower, enjoy the whole process myself and make it up for her as well.

Our first date; hope it goes well!

~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Tzalmon finally took his first step. They will be having their first date. Your views?

Igses is being playful with his father. Isn't he cute?

Acacia agree to go to the fair with Tzalmon. Yay!

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim
###chapter 153

Acacia Point of View

When I make terrible amount of hefty money, the first thing I'll do is to buy a place like this.

Although I've been to a couple of ranches, I had always gone there for business and it was always the ranch house I visited to talk about work.

Now that I finally had the opportunity to walk around such a large ranch, my heart is filled with itching happiness.

"I totally love this place." I gasped softly as my eyes took in the beauty of the green around.

If Igses was here, he would've rolled around the place. That little man loves such places with greenery, livestock and that which is close to nature to core.

"As long as you are happy! Come, Eblilis, look at the catalogue, the first display of plants should be there." Jerk pointed his hand towards a certain place where it is livelier than other places.

He unconsciously - or maybe intentionally - held my hand and pulled me towards the display area. I didn't understand how I felt at this moment but one thing is for sure; I did not feel the repulse I used to feel in the past.

Also, seeing that the ranch is full of visitors, I did not make it a point to take my hand away from his.
The moment my eyes landed on the neatly arranged pots of small plants and the rows of small trees behind them, I almost had my eyes out of their sockets, ready to spring towards the green babies and take whatever that my eyeballs meet.

Oh my God! I absolutely love this place!

I have to work hard, buy a large ranch, plant a forest of my own and build a house with the best scenic view. There will be no polluted air, no city noise, no blaring electronics then; there will only be fresh oxygen, birds chirping, sound of waterfall, cool breeze, a convenient life with just the right amount of electronics and nothing more.

Thinking about such a life, I can even smile in my dream.

Looking through the pots of plants, there was a small board in front of each of them on which the name, type and the location it was from was written.

Without thinking about much, my other hand which was not held by him, clutched his shirt pulling it lightly to gain his attention.

"Hey, is it just an exhibition or do they sell them too?" My attention was on a cluster of flower plants placed in the second row and did not look at the person who was holding my hand.

Jerk coughed drily a couple of times before answering me with a tone that dripped the excess happiness out of his throat and almost flooded the place.

"Not all of them. The catalogue has a list of those that are up for trade while many are just for showcasing purpose."

Please let these flowers come to my home!

Please let this bunch of green friends be available for trade!

"Then what about that bunch in the second row?" I pulled his shirt gently again.

"They can be bought but since they are not common plants, they are limited in stock. I will ask them to reserve them for us. We can pay and take them when we finish looking around." I nodded with a huge grin and continued to look around.

Good thing that Winters' residence has a good size of garden with some vacant space. Houses with big gardens and lawns are still the best than those penthouses with only luxury but no greenery.

This Jerk has done a good job by giving such a nice villa to mom and dad. Seems like he can do sensible things every now and then! Not bad!

Jerk immediately took out a card which looked like a membership card of sorts and used it to reserve the bunch of flower plants.

"When this fair was being organized, few VIP cards were issued and one of them was given to me. People with this card are given the first priority." He must've seen me looking at the card curiously so he explained. I nodded with a smile and this time, it was me who pulled him around the place happily.

This is truly a paradise and the more I see it, the more I found Jerk pleasing to my eyes.

An hour of strolling around the stall where first batch was displayed, he took me to a place where refreshments and food was sold. We had light refreshments before he took me to the second booth.

Each booth has the plants and trees that come from same location so booths are divided based on the location.

"How many days is this exhibition up for?" I looked up at him, eyes lit up and a constant smile on face.

"Three days. Today is the opening." Great! I can ask mom and dad to bring both the kids for a walk here.
I nodded excitedly and went on to look around and if there's anything really amazing, I just reserved them. If there is no place in Winters' lawn, then I can as well temporarily put them in the Jerk's lawn. When I get a ranch, I will take them out and transfer them there.

Acacia, you now have a clear goal; you need to work hard and achieve it.

Yes, ranches in the country - here I come. See you soon!

"Alright, stop now." He stopped me from walking forward as we came out of four hut stall. "We still have time to go around to other stalls. You must be tired from walking for long time, let's buy some drinks first; there is a stable here, let's ride a horse for a while before continuing to stroll about."

I almost pulled out a pout that I never did before. I don't pout but hearing his words, I nearly pulled one in displeasure.

However, I know what he said is right. My legs are indeed killing me. So with no other choice, I went on with his plans. We bought some drinks and went to stable to choose a horse.

I'm not a talent in choosing them so Jerk, who has been living in the backward era for centuries and who knows about these rides more than anyone else, chose one.

But the thing here is - he chose only one horse out of many there.

"There are two people here. Aren't you going to ride one?" I frowned in confusion and looked up at him.
"I am obviously riding this." He gave me a mysterious lopsided smile.

"Then what about me?" Hey, didn't you say you were giving me a rest?

"Do you know how to ride one?"

"I did a couple of time back in your kingdom but there was always a person who guided the horse from the front. The beast was basically walking at that time." I had to accept the fact nonetheless.

I was there for two long years and did many things but how come I never had the idea of learning horseback riding?

Ah, right, it is not conventional for a woman to ride a horse!

"You have the answer there." He said with a huge grin. He first climb on the standing horse so easily that - cough - it felt a little, tiny winy bit, charming.

"Come on." From the top of the horse, he stretched a hand for me and arched his head to the side, gesturing me to take the hand.

I raised a brow as I gazed at him in - What-do-you-mean-by-this look. He, on the other hand, waited patiently for me with a wide grin and sparkling eyes.

Alright, you win! Only this time!

With my drink in one hand, I took the stretched out hand carefully. He pulled me to the top of the beast effortless and so smoothly that the drink in my hand was safe and sound.

I sat on the front and behind me, closely touching my back was his front. Wrapping his hands around my body, he took the reins and pulled them causing the horse to rush out with a loud neigh.

Fresh cool air slapped my face which was not painful at all; on contrary, it was absolutely exciting.

After circling around riding facility for three rounds, Jerk proceeded to take me on a ride around the grassland surrounding the stable and the riding facility.

"You like it?" I felt hot breath over my left ear and my smile froze instantly. I slowly turned my face and saw that he was bending towards me and gazing at me weirdly. "The wind was loud so -" He cleared his throat and said hurriedly.

"Huh? Ah, yes. Yes it was fun. I like it." I immediately turned around and sat stiffly. Jerk continued to ride in speed convenient for me.

Although I did not express it too openly like before, I still was having fun. The view was great, the ride was great, the drinks were great, the smell was great and most importantly, my legs are not aching so much anymore; I felt like life is happening to me!

And such life is amazing!

"Careful. Hold it tightly." An arm was wrapped around my waist and I was pulled back into hard broad chest. I held the short reins tightly while Jerk held me tightly.

With one arms around me and one controlling the reins, he showed me around, this time the ride was neither slow nor too fast.

It was comfortingly paced!

However, for some reason, for the first time in my life, I felt like I have a dirty mind when the whole horseback riding situation kept playing in my mind.

And worst of all was; I fudging felt tingles in my stomach!

And this is so not done!

~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

What do you think about their first date and the place of the date?

Tzalmon made a good choice for their first date. Don't you think so?

What do you think about the slow growing up Tzalmon's romantic side?

You views on the horseback riding sequence?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim
###chapter 154

Tzalmon Point of View

Have you ever felt nauseous in the depth of the stomach but it actually a pleasurable nausea?

I have started feeling it.

Since my first date with Eblilis to the plants fair, the second date on the following day to the resort site with her and obviously with her friends, the third date - which was an unexpected one - to a movie and the fourth date that we are currently having at an Arcade plaza with a connected Karaoke; I've been feeling tickles inside my stomach whenever I am with her or away from her.

Even her thoughts make me feel strangely pleasant.

Although I didn't see anything expressive on Eblilis face, a tinge of redness is cannot be covered that appeared constantly.

She thinks I didn't know but I could easily tell she was feeling this itchy sensation of wanting to touch and hold me as well. It's just that, we only just started this journey towards each other with each other so I did not want to make a rush and spoil these little fun little things.

However, after observing her for these few days and realizing many things in depth, I understood two important things.

One, she is not really hard to please as she said. She is exceptionally a reasonable and a sentimental little fox who knows to acknowledge efforts. It's only that since the other person is me, she was not showing her emotions openly to me; yet.

Two, I somehow realized that there is an evil side in me that loves to tease Eblilis to no end. That evil side wants to say things that shouldn't be said in open and do things that shouldn't be done in open in an attempt to crack the indifference she is showing.

Every time a crack of positive expression or anger which isn't an anger per say appears on her face, my heart feels like it has been scratched by something exciting.

And that was when I realized that I actually have another talent in me; that is, I can actually flirt like a professional.

Before, whenever I heard I had no talent in flirting from my three idiotic subordinates, I actually thought it was right. But it was only now did I understand that even though it is called flirting, the words and actions should come from heart.

Only then does it make the whole flirting exciting and lovely.

"Hey, what are you zoning out for? Do you want me to kill your character again?" I was shook back to reality.

Looking ahead at the screen, I noticed that for the sixth time, my character in the game died again in the hands of her character.

"Usually, when couples come to arcade, they play on the same team. How come we are facing each other in the battlefield here?" I asked a little helplessly but nevertheless the doting look in my eyes cannot be covered.

"Do you want to be defeated in other's hands or in my hands?"

"Uh, yours of course." I answered without any hesitation.

"See; even though the other party is an AI, you are still a king of a realm, how can a computer defeat you? Can your neck still be able to carry your head on it after such humiliation? What about my son's reputation? Won't it be affected too? With a big heart, I actually thought of this method and you are complaining about it? Say, is compassion death inside you?"

What a logic!

Why did not I realize that Eblilis can be this talkative and - ahem - thick skinned too?

Also, she actually talked for so long, that too it was directed to me, that too without being angry or despised, that too with a slightly evident playfulness -

Life is so beautiful like this!

"That's right. Whatever you say is right. How about we go to karaoke now?" I accepted and asked with a smile. Suddenly a bulb went off in my head and the smile on my face turned playful.

"Unless, you don't know how to sing and dance and you would embarrass yourself - never mind, let's play this again Eblilis. At least you are winning here." Hearing my words, her indifference changed into a blanket of displeasure.

Expressive Eblilis is still the best version of her!

Especially, pleasantly expressive her is the best!

What do I not give to see those rainbow expressions flowing on her face!

"Jerk, you might think that you are smart but you are actually not. You want to incite me into playing this game because you cannot sing well right? Huh, I saw through you. We will definitely go to karaoke now." Usually she is actually very smart but I don't know what happened, whenever we started unofficial dating, she is showing more of her clumsy thinking side.

I don't know whether to laugh at her or kiss her senseless for her adorability.

Let's just do... both!

So, I dared and leaned forward to her height, our faces are now only an inch away from each other. With a small, barely touchable peck on her nose, I asked in a hoarse whisper, "Did you, now?"

Eblilis was completely stunned. She blinked her eyes and hummed questioningly. "Did you saw through me? I wonder what exactly did you see." I breathed out.

Moving a little forward, I rubbed my nose against hers. "Let's talk about what you saw and maybe we can refresh your memory." A little more forward, I sniffed the delicate scent of her body that stirred something wild inside me.

She moved back dazedly and I took a chance to pull her into my arms. Wrapping an arm around her, I pulled her into my chest. I slowly rubbed her chin and raised her head to make her look into my eyes.
"Did you like what you saw?" At this moment, I'm at the brink of losing my mind.

The sweet smell of hers rambled my mind like thunders and I was losing it. I slowly, deliberately blew some air out of my mouth on her cheeks and rubbed my lips there as if she could not tell whether they are touching her skin or not.

I could feel her quiver in my arms. Her shivering hands held on to my shirt like her life depended on it. "Damn, why are you so soft? Seems like I haven't seen through you as much as you have me." I worded out playfully.

"Don't worry though, soon; it will happen soon." I looked deep into her dazed eyes and pecked her nose again, "Do you want that, little fox?" I asked teasingly.

"H-huh?" It must be because of my fingers trailing over her lips, chin and cheeks, her mind was rather foggy which both amused me and turned me on.

"Do you want to see - through me? Transparently, without anything hiding from your eyes?" This is the first time I made this move to be intimate with her after we started to spend time together.

I initially thought she would move away from me or get angry at me but that hazy look on her is a power booster to me.

The point that she did not push me away and was actually accepting my advances in a confused state means made my heart leap in joy.

"See you without hiding?" She repeated hazily with her eyes looking at me with unconcealed allure.
And that broke the last thread of reason in me. With the slight wave of my hand, we are now standing in an empty karaoke room instead. It was a habitual wave but it actually worked. For a moment there, I forgot I did not have my powers but it actually worked nonetheless.

However, I did not have time or mind to mull over my fickle-headed powers. Right now, all I have in my eyes, mind, heart and soul is the woman in my arms.

I fell on the couch with her in my arms and then turned myself on the top and without wasting any time, I wrapped her pink tasty lips with mine.

One of my hands slowly trailed over her waist, upwards towards her arms and locked both the hands above her head. While my other hand was resting on her face, fondling her soft skin as my lips nibbled hers.

She tasted out of the world. Absolutely mind blowing with nuclear bombs.

Down there, between my legs, my manhood stood up in attention. It erected until it was so painful to bear.

Eblilis moaned loudly and unconsciously started to rub her torso against mine. I'm sure she didn't know what she was doing because her mind was as unclear as mine is right this moment.

Putting my weight on her, I rubbed myself against her as I trailed kisses on her cheek down to her neck and shoulder. I kissed, nibbled, sucked and literally made love to her skin with my mouth.

And she, she moaned and groaned and enjoy everything I was giving her.

The pleasure was so much, the air between us was so hot and our bodies are so out of control for each other that the whole karaoke room was burning in fire.

Fire of desire!

My hands impatiently rubbed the curves of her sexy body and it was only when my hand touched her soft mould slightly that both of us are jerked back into reality.

The haze from before slowly vanished as we looked at each other with a mixture of desire and embarrassment.

"You - we -" Eblilis stuttered softly in a hoarse voice, trying to move under me.

I tightened my arms on her and pecked her lips before asking, "You don't like it? The kiss, don't you like being kissed by me?" She looked shocked at me and for few moments she did not say anything.

"I- it's not like that?" Although it was question, I got my answer.

She likes it and wants it more and more in future!

Your order is my command, little fox!

~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Finally they kissed! What do you think?

Do you think their kiss was hot?

Acacia did not stop him from kissing! Yay!

They loosened up against each other. Their attitude towards each other is now playful.

You like it?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim

###chapter 155
**Acacia Point of View**

I must've gone crazy!

Otherwise there is no explanation for whatever happened in the karaoke room.

I freaking accepted the kiss and kissed him back? I was crazy, undoubtedly.

I planned to make it hard for him to even have a friendly relation with me but who would've thought that three or four dates would be enough for him to take a huge leap and actually kiss me without being reprimanded by me!

Actually; why did I even go on those dates with him?

I should've brought out some excuses to reject him but then again, all those places we had dates were the places that I couldn't rejected whatsoever.

That damned Jerk! He actually used my likes against me.

Acacia Dawn Winters! Next time, no matter how much you liked the place or the activity, you should find an excuse to reject him.

Hmph! I should make it difficult for him!

"I'm not free." I waved casually and said before he said anything.

"I know you will be quite busy this whole week until next Tuesday. So this outing was actually planned for next Wednesday." He shrugged as he rolled a lock of my hair around his fingers and played with it.

I pulled my hair from his hand and glared at him, "I cannot spare ten whole days on an outing when the resort project has just started. I'm not coming. You can go with your three darlings."

You can grovel but I will not go to this outing with you. Jerk, let's see what you can do.

I cannot be so easy to be achieved.

"Three darlings? I only have you, I swear. Heck, I don't like women much, you know that. How can I have not just one but three darlings?" He hurriedly tried to clarify while also wrapping his arms around me at the same time.

Hey, hey hey, stop right there, you Jerk!

"I was talking about Azar, Gyles and Eelk." I broke free from his arms and scowled at him.

Well, I wasn't wrong though. Those three subordinated of his are like favored concubines to their King. For a moment, in the past, I almost thought that these four truly had some kind of unspeakable relationship.

As a light went off in his mind, Jerk made an 'o' with his mouth as if he realized something. "Come on, Eblilis; you cannot be jealous of those three of all people." There was a deliberate hint of teasing in his tone that I absolutely did not like.

"You are thinking too much. Anyway, I cannot go to this outing." I showed him the door, silently telling him to walk out.

"Alright. In that case we all will go and you can stay here alone to take care of your work."

"Goo - All?"

"Yes; all." He replied innocently.

"Who all?"

"The Winters', Igses, Noemi and her parents, your dear best friends, my three darlings, Aubessee and a few of my other subordinated with their immediate families. Ah, right, of course, I cannot be left out. It is me who is taking them there." By the time he finished I was looking at him with my mouth agape.

Is this an outing or a war?

Why is the whole battalion going on a vacation together?

"Where is this vacation place exactly and why is my family and friends going with you?" Looking at the sudden pretense of innocence on his face, I want slap him so much.

Why is he being so different recently?

Where is the hypocritical cruel Jerk from before?

The worst thing is, I even felt that he is nicely romantic these days!

I hate it! I hate it! I hate it!

"Montana. After coming here, after meeting Igses in a long time, after being acknowledged by him as his dad, I didn't give him anything."

"So you want to take him on a trip to have fun?" Taking the little guy on a trip is not bad.

He travelled with me to a few places and before my family recognized me, I used to take him everywhere I went. He loves travelling so the idea of taking him to Montana is good.

Montana is famous for it's natural resources and variety of wildlife. Igses would naturally love it and so does everyone.

"Partly."

"What do you mean?"

"It is a vacation but vacation is not his gift." Come on, dude! Just tell me what is in your mind without keeping me in suspense.

"Then?"

"There is a ranch with a river coast and mountain ranges up for sale. Didn't you say Igses loves such places some time before? So When I saw the sale notification, I bought it for Igses." My heart dropped from the ribcage and went into liver.

Is he kidding me?

"You what?" I shot up from my chair and pointed a finger at him.

He got such a huge place for Igses? Did he lose his mind?

"You bought such a huge thing for Igses? Have you lost it?"

"Yes and no." He answered be briefly for both my questions respectively.

"Of course you lost your mind. Why would you give him such a property when he is still so young?" Did he not know that anything in excess is a disaster?

Jerk blinked his eyes at me in puzzlement for some time, "I told you that I and my people will slowly start to move to this world right? I started to buy some properties here and there recently and when I looked at this one, I could only think of you and Igses so I got it for my son."

"It's not wrong to buy something for your son. But if kids were provided with things easily, they start to take everything for granted. Some clothes or toys are still okay. I can make him work on few errands and pay him with his favorite toys. This way, he will think that he has worked for what he got. If kids, any kid, got a property like a ranch at such a young age without working hard for it, their mind will be filled with delusive overconfidence."

"Igses is smart. He is not like that."

"No he isn't; yet. Building a character and cultivating it will take time. Now he is not snobbish but who knows; if he gets too laidback, he will become conceited one day. Also, he needs a comfortable life, not a luxurious one." I tried to explain him my views properly.

The best example of snobbish character is right before my eyes. Although he has changed a lot now, Jerk did many unreasonable things in the past.

That is because he has it in his mind that he is someone mighty, that he is rich and powerful, that everyone is underneath him.

His life was beyond luxurious but his character was dirt poor.

I want Igses to have opposite experiences from his father.

"Then what about succeeding my throne?" Jerk narrowed his eyes at me. It looks like he understood my standpoint.

"Of course he will take it when the time comes. However, he will not inherit it. He has to work for it. He will not inherit your businesses just like that. He should work hard, prove himself, should make his own living, maybe have his own company if he is interested in business that is and only when he experience the up and downs of life and learn the effects of decisions he made, will he take over yours and mine heritage." After saying that, I wiggled my eyebrow at him, telling him silently that he should withdraw from his initial idea.

"Alright. I will listen to you then. The ranch will still be ours no matter what, so we are going on this vacation. Since you are busy, we will go and enjoy then." Jerk sighed.

"Pity, I have to ask your friends to help me remodel the whole property."

"Pity, it was such a big place and it was beyond the description of beauty and you are not coming."

"Pity, you will be working and cannot relax and enjoy with us."

"Pity you are -" Is he a monk? What is he chanting about like that?

"Are you done? Stop your nonsense." He is too much!

"Fine I will stop. Then I will tell others you will be coming with us." With a sad sigh, he turned around slowly, very deliberately slowly.

A ranch, vacation, with family, friends and others.

Free time, fun time, family time and together time!

Why did I reject him without listening to him completely? Fool!

"Don't." I stopped him with a loud shout.

He turned around and looked at me in confusion. It was obvious that it was a pretense. He is playing with me.

He knew I would reject him for a date this time no matter what so he actually a family vacation.

Such a scheming Jerk!

"Did you say something?"

"Don't do it."

"Don't do what, Eblilis? Don't take everyone on a vacation?"

"No."

"Oh, then don't buy expensive things for Igses? I will not, I promise."

"Stop playing. You know what I mean." I gritted.

"You want me to stay behind and keep you company then?" Although there was confusion on his face, that tricky smirk can still be seen clearly.

Why did this Jerk suddenly become so devious?

"I WILL COME WITH YOU ALL." I gritted as I enunciated each and every word.

"What? You mean you will come with us? To the vacation? To Montana? Is what I heard real?"

I so hate him!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia is so done with Tzalmon! He is so devious!

Tzalmon sure changed his ways a lot. He is even teasing Acacia romantically.

Acacia is losing her heart sooner than she expected. Your views?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim
**

###chapter 156
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"What do you think? Is it to your liking?"

"You feel happy right?"

"You are amazed by the beauty right?" The conversation is almost one way because it was me who is rambling on and on while she did not even hum in response.

However, the sparkle in her eyes is enough evidence that she loves the place. That itself made me beyond happy.

I snapped my fingers at the bunch of working staff and they immediately understood their task and lead everyone to their respective rooms.

The ranch house in Montana is not really big; it was just enough to accommodate eight to nine people. So when the trip was decided, I asked the staff to build few well furnished wooden cabins so that it was easier to fit everyone and every family or cluster can have their own space.

Of course the arrangement is temporary because with Eblilis, she can turn the property into better place with enough living arrangements.

"We will be living in the main house along with your mom, dad and Liam while the living arrangements are already set for others. There are six bedrooms in the main house. You can choose whichever you want." I said as I held her hand and took her to the master bedroom first.

"I want to choose my own bedroom too." Igses jumped up and down and this time, he very much looked like a child but not a child man.

I smiled down at him and nodded with a wink.

"You are not going to sleep beside me?" Eblilis frowned at the little boy.

"Look how big I am, mamma. I need my own space too. Also didn't I have my own room at our house and grandpa's house too?" He shrugged and hopped away to choose his room without giving Eblilis any time to retort.

So I toured Eblilis around the house and finally, she chose a cozy room in the second floor which her window facing the garden. Igses took the master bedroom because he wants enough space for him and Noemi to play around. I chose the room right opposite to Eblilis which meant I am the closest person living near her.

The Winters, after they settled the guests, came over and took the remaining rooms while leaving the last one for Aubessee.

The journey from Tucson to Montana was a long tiring one so everyone had an early dinner and call off for the day, keeping all their plans for the next day.

By the time I woke up the next morning, everyone was already up and having their breakfast. I showered hurriedly and went down to have mine as well.

This is counted as the first day of our vacation so I cannot be lazy right?

I had plans! I have my own plans to impress Eblilis, maybe kiss her again or maybe -

Well, I have my plans for both of us. Also, since she is so passionate about her work, what best way to win her heart than to give her what she likes the most?

"Mamma, will you go to work?" Igses asked as he chewed on his food.

"It's not a real work, sweetheart. Since this place is a little old and outdated, I will help Mr. Ebernus with remodeling. Don't you want to see how beautiful this place can look?"

"I want, I want. Then I will take Noemi and Uncle Liam to tour around. You can make this whole place even more beautiful."

"Hey, why am I not asked for an opinion? My friends tagged along as well, you want to drag me around with you?" Liam pouted at Igses.

"Uncle Liam, we will drag them too. While Mamma and her friends work, we will play and enjoy." Igses hollered with such great excitement it almost blinded me and Eblilis.

"The temperature in Choteau is usually mostly cold. There is a hot spring cave in the southern part of the ranch. Azar knows the place, I will ask him to take you all there. What say?" Hearing my suggestion, Igses nodded enthusiastically and Liam only showed an amicable smile but the excited in his eyes cannot be overlooked.

"Wait; have them separate the hot springs area for men and women. Noemi is a shy girl and other female guests might not like it too." I assured Eblilis that the cave is very big and the hot springs already have separated spaces.

I've already for the lounge area and the working staff are there to assist them with anything they need. If they want to tour or ride horses or cycle around or anything, the staff can arrange it for them with just a nod.

And the reason for hiring so many workers is because I don't to miss good time with Eblilis by taking care of the others.

"Alright then. I and my friends with stroll around the place first and then plan the remodeling."

"No." I suddenly shouted and stopped her from wherever she is going. She slightly tipped her head to the side, silently waiting for me to continue.

"Damien and others already went off for a stroll. They said they will make the report and brief blueprint of the place while they asked me to take you around the city." Well, a white lie is not a complete lie.

It's okay! It's alright!

"They said that? And why do they want you to accompany me to tour the city?" Surely, she did not believe my words at all.

Thankfully I made arrangements for everything.

"They want to make a match and mismatch or something with the ranch so they asked you to see the city, know the culture, make a report so that they can go for match and mismatch style. You can call them and ask if you don't believe me." I made a casual remark at the last so that she can believe me.

And she did.

She said she didn't need to verify something so small and since she wants to go on a tour as well, it's two birds with one stone.

Indeed, two love birds with one Igses stone. I want another stone too.

While Winters and Aubessee went on to entertain the guests and spend some relaxing time together; I took Eblilis out.

The moment we stepped out of our property, I slowly held her hand and swayed it sweetly. "Why are you so angry at me?"

And the moment I asked that question, I wished I slapped myself hard. Of course I know why she is angry at me although I think she should be so.

"You really don't know why?" She scoffed and tried to pull her hand from mine but since I held it tightly, she didn't succeed.

"Are you not happy that you have such a huge place on your name?"

"I told you not to put the property on Igses name so you chose to put on mine? What logic is that? Why would I want it? I like ranches a lot but I want to buy it with my own money."

"I did not stop you, did I? You buy for yourself and I will buy for myself."

"Then why the hell is your property on my name?"

"Didn't I say I bought it for myself?" I smirked and pulled her to the streets without giving her any time to retort back.

I will be a fool if I let know decipher the meaning behind what I said.

I took her to Choteau city park first. These days, I've been reading regency romances and whenever the part where the scandalous rendezvous in parks came up, I totally loved it.

It was thrilling, secretive and totally romantic. Since I and Eblilis are not married yet, this kind of time spending in a park like an unofficial couple is super exciting.

"Hey, what do you say about going behind that tree?" I wiggled my eyebrow and gave her a lopsided smile.

She frowned in confusion, "It's illegal to empty your bladder in public places. Don't be so nasty."

Kill me! Just kill me!

I'm new to this world but even I read some good romance books and even I can understand the hidden meaning behind the words I said.

And here, she thinks I want to take a tinkle?

I don't know if I should be embarrassed firsthand or secondhand for her. This can be counted a dilemma of the year.

"What I mean is, we both go together." I grinned romantically at her.

You got it right?

You got what I mean this time, right?

"You pervert! Why do you want me to see you take a relief? Did you lose the last nut in your brain too?" I thought she is extremely smart, why the hell is she being so stupid today?

It's okay if she doesn't understand the underlying meaning but she even have the gall to mistake it for something so nasty.

What am I to do with this girl!

I thought I was cold, stone and unromantic who lived like a eunuch with healthy set of ball hanging down there until now.

But Eblilis is worse!

"No darling, what I mean is, shall we go behind the tree and - you know -" I blinked and rolled my eyes around.

"Do you have shifty eyes? And what do you want me to do behind that tree?" Forget it, it is best to tell her straight or show it directly.

"Come with me." I pulled her behind the said tree, pressed her back again the huge trunk, leaned against her, with a finger under her chin I raised her head and then plunder her lips for a kiss.

I think it is always best to take action than say it in words.

It saves my time and brain work on her part.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

They are in Chateau now! Yay, a vacation!

Acacia is intelligent in many things but she is a little too stiff in romantic thoughts. You agree?

Poor Tzalmon, he even read romance books to cultivate deep romantic ideas but his partner is so numb to them.

Tzalmon has a lot to do to activate her dirty brain.

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 157
**Acacia Point of View**

Is he still the same Jerk I know?

How come he was becoming more and more perverted as he lived on?

He actually dared to kiss me again! Without my permission; behind a freaking tree, in the middle of a park!

I hate his kisses!

But they weren't bad though. His kisses were actually pretty -

No, I hate them; period!

"We are supposed to roam around the city and enjoy the view." I grinded my teeth, when that impossibly idiotic Jerk brought me to a place that is beside the itinerary.

His smile widened as he kept on pulling me towards the counter. "Of course. This is within the city, part of the city so obviously we should enjoy this view as well."

"How did a haunted house become a part of relaxing stroll? No, we are going back." This is supposed to be a time to relax, how come I'm getting more and more vexed as time went by?

"Hey, come on, since we are already here, let's just go in. I want to see if this haunted place is any different the previous one I went to."

"Then you can go and enjoy. I will not come." I scowled, turned around and was about to leave when I heard a loud sigh and a louder mumble of self-talk that is not like self talk at all.

"Forget it. She is still a lady and it is a universal fact that the fairer sex is timid. I was too thoughtless this time." He mumbled to himself.

I'm not a fool. How can I not take the hint of provocation from his words?

If it was someone else who was smart, then they would not fall for the trap but sometimes, I can also be a fool, especially when there was an insult thrown at female lot.

"Fine. But after this, we are going to the city library or the museum." I pointed my finger at him and wiggled it threateningly.

I so want to slap that smirk off his face.

"Excellent. Let's go then. There's three levels of challenge; easy, medium and hard. Which one do you choose?" I waved my hand casually and asked him to choose it by himself.

We finally paid for it, took the tokens given to us when a staff member opened the door for hard challenge. That was what he chose.

And that Jerk is actually being very proud and excited to enter the extremely horrific haunted place. All the while I replied his excitement with an expressionless glance.

"Are you scared?" We did not even cross the threshold of the door when he already asked this senseless question.

Did he think I am a coward to that extent?

"Are you not going to the give the ghosts the opportunity to frighten me? Anyhow, are you worried that I will be scared or are you rooting for me to be scared out of my wits?" A shadow of ghost jumped from behind the door on us.

I nonchalantly stepped back as I turned to the slightly pale of Jerk and asked with obvious doubt.

Why is he a little pale?

Is it because I caught his thoughts?

"You - are not scared?" He collected himself and asked. I almost thought he stuttered.

"No I'm not. I've lived alone, locked up in an even more horrific place with all sorts of mindboggling and heart attacking things happening every hour. Do you think I will be scared by these petty tricks? Move your legs, let's finish this quickly." I stepped forward and took the lead to walk in the front.

Three minutes later, I was still the same, not afraid, not even blinked twice at the actors sudden appearance or the background sounds.

However, through these three minutes, I heard at least one hundred and twenty two times if I was okay or if I'm scared.

There's still twenty seven minutes to complete the challenge and I already have one sentence hammering inside my mind.

I'm so done with him!

Seriously, what is his problem? It's clear that I'm really scared, why is he wasting his saliva on it!

"Eblilis are you -"

"- not scared and will not be. Don't ask me again." I completed it for him and continued to lead the way.

I vaguely heard grinding sound coming from behind but I did not give it any thought as this is a place where weird sounds should be generated.

After turning two more blocks, I was finally scared. And it was not because of ghosts or ghouls but the person who was following me.

Because he suddenly screamed and fell on me, hugging me from behind tightly.

"Why is it so creepy?" His voice trembled in my neck because his face was deeply buried there.

"You are scared?"

"It is scary." He nodded in my neck, not prepared to leave me.

"You can be treated as the ancestor of real ghosts. You are scared of those trivial? Do you see 'stupid' written on my forehead? Let go; now!" He rubbed himself to me once more and finally pulled himself back.

Although his face looks like it is drained out of blood, I didn't believe it even a bit.

How can he, of all people, get scared of such acts? It's like fish is scared of water, bird is scared of sky, and seed is scared of soil.

I glowered at him once more before walking ahead again.

Ten minutes later, he wrapped himself around me like a fur coat again and this time, he rubbed himself to me again as he shivered in fright again.

The hell is wrong with him?

Why should he rub me with his body? Why should bear it?

If I didn't know, the whole rubbing-because-scared can be counted as his attempt to seduce me with his body.

The most infuriating thing is, his main part is rubbing my back and by the feel of it, it seems quite... enlarged!

Silly Acacia, why are you think about the size of that trash when there is something more irritating is going on?

"You are really scared?" I asked again.

"Too scared!"

"Why?"

"That apparition just now was so sudden and so horrendous that it almost -" Seriously now?

"If they don't come out suddenly, will they go to city hall and announce their arrival through speakers an hour before for you to prepare for it? Who are you trying to fool? Me or yourself? Leave me now." I shrugged him off me and finally took a deep breath.

He hugged me too tightly just now.

He gave me that pale face again and suddenly a doubt went off in my mind.

With a polite smile, I turned towards the staff who is trying their best to give us the best creepy experience, "Can we please a moment. Once we are ready, I will clap and you can get back to your places. Why don't you go have a drink by then?"

They nodded understandingly and stepped back to give us some private time. The moment they are away, I turned to the Jerk and glared at him.

"What exactly are you trying to do?" I crossed my hands over my chest and asked domineeringly.

"I was really sc-"

"Truth, Jerk." I cut him off from his nonsense.

He looked reluctant, hesitant and whatnot before he opened his mouth to talk... the truth hopefully.

"I thought you would be scared." He thought I will be - don't tell me...

"You thought I will hug you and make some advances on you while being scared?" Although he looked not so pleased, he still nodded.

"Of all in this universe, you cannot be scared of mere mortals posing as ghosts. What is your motive exactly?"

"Since you cannot - so I decided to -" What is this? Primary school where I should fill in the blanks?

Is this a test of my observation and vocabulary?

Anyway, how the hell did he come up with such a shameless idea? Did his conscience not hurt when he thought about it?"

"So you tried to be frightened and exchanged roles between us? And you expected me to not catch on such ingenious idea and acting?" Hey, did I give off vibe of an idiot?

How stupid does he think of me?

I now think his tree kiss rendezvous idea was far better than this one.

"You can't blame me, okay. I'm addicted to your lips. Who asked you to have such a fudging pair of cotton candy? I'm the victim here, you know?" He said all this so righteously that for a moment even I thought I was the wrong one here.

What kind of explanation - confession - no, explanation is this?

"And you have amazing body scent. So you know how hard it was for me to keep myself sobered up?" He continued as he kept on blaming everything on me and he did it so virtuously.

And for the first time in my life, I didn't know if I should feel good or angry.

"Do you want to shut up by yourself or should I -" I waved a fist in front of him and before I could complete my statement, he finished it for me.

" - kiss me?" I prefer the second option please. Come, shut me up by yourself." He shameless stepped forward and I stepped back. I hurriedly clapped and within few moments the ghosts came back and took their positions.

"If you think you are smart, then better control it. If you take advantage of me again here then -"

"Here? Fine, somewhere else then. Point noted. Come, this time, I will walk in the front. You can take my hand and follow me."

If his face is not too thick, I would've slapped him.

Why is he so -!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Why has Tzalmon become so shameless when pursuing Acacia?

What do you think about Talmon trying so hard to touch Acacia?

Since Acacia is not scared out of her wits and not hugging him; he tried the idea himself to get close to her?

How come Tzalmon's scheming got to this level?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 158
**Tzalmon Point of View**

A new motto framed in my life -

'Being shameless has it's perks'.

I've been high and mighty before but couldn't even get her to talk to me normally at that time. Now that I'm on the road of shamelessness, I experienced a drastic change of conditions.

Now, not only does she talk to me properly, I can even take chances to hug her, kiss her and get out of it without any battle scars.

Suddenly, my life has seen a rainbow after the storm.

Not to mention that everything was on one side and teasing her was on the other. I mean, she has such interesting reactions whenever I find a chance to pull her leg or seduce her.

Till a day ago, I thought I was the most unromantic man living; but now I know that there is someone who is worse than me. I at least changed my ways for better and now I can be regarded as a symbol of romance.

But then again, this is what makes everything so fun. I chase, I tease while she runs and she pouts. I didn't know there would be such beautiful days in my life. If we go on at this speed, Igses might even get a brother or sister soon.

"Ouch." I yelled and instinctively rubbed my calf and looked at the one who kicked me accusingly.

"Why did you kick me, Eblilis?" I saw Eblilis giving me an angry glare and her friends, especially Carter was looking at me with a hefty load of awkwardness.

Uh, what did I do now? Why are they looking at me like that?

"You are still asking me? You tell me what dirt is flowing in the top floor of your head?" With her hands on her hip, she posed domineeringly.

How did she know?

I mean, it's dirt but some simple seduce stimulation imaginations that I have been making in my mind.

"Nothing." I shook my head and gave her an innocent and a confused appearance.

This time, along with Eblilis, her friends, even Callum snickered at me with disbelief.

"Then how do you explain the perverted gaze and even more perverted smile that you were giving to Carter just now?Did you lose your heart to him? Let me tell you, he is taken." W-what?

Eh? Perverted gaze? Perverted smile? To Carter?

What the hell is she talking about?

Why would I lo- lose my heart to that Carter guy?

It must be me having my own imaginations just now and that should've shown on my face and coincidentally, Carter must've been before me.

Heck, I cannot even explain this.

"Of course I know. I'm committed to you, Eblilis. We've already tasted each other, how can I have my eyes on another creature?"

"What tasted? Don't talk nonsense." She turned red first and then turned away from me next which turned me on as usual.

Her friends coughed a little and avoided looking at me and her for a few moments before going back to their work.

They were here to discuss about how to remodel the ranch property and to prepare a plan. Since it was a small thing to them, they are almost done with the plan and contacted the local contractors to start the work.

While I was and am following Eblilis like a lost puppy, Igses, being the most understanding son, was playing the role of a real host and actually entertaining all the guests for me; of course with the help of the Winters' couple and Aubessee.

These couple of days, he is like the lion cub returned to it's den; along with Noemi, both the kids are totally playing the realistic role plays ever.

"Greetings sir," Just when everyone was about to wrap up with their work, a staff member came and bowed slightly and politely to me.

"What happened?"

"Sirs, ma'ams, young master Igses and Young miss Noemi are hosting for a barbecue banquet for everyone. They asked to relay the message to everyone to be there by seven in the evening." After relaying the news, she distributed a small card each to everyone.

Everyone looked so baffled and of course I and Eblilis are no different. This little son of mine has been really active from the time we came here.

He sure knows how to host things, I see.

"Am I the only one or does anyone else feel that Acacia's kid is fulfilling the responsibilities of his parents for them?" Ruby scratched her chin and looked at me and Eblilis curiously.

"I think he is taking the advantage of his parents courting each other and playing as he likes." Anne commented.

"Whatever it is; isn't just to adorable that the two little kids are doing the adults job?" Callum spoke with interest.

Uh, why are these people portraying me and Eblilis as irresponsible people while making Igses to be more matured than me?

But then again, Callum was right!

Igses and Noemi are just so cute.

"Alright. Tell them we will be there on time." Eblilis answered for everyone with an embarrassing smile.

"Yes, ma'am. The dress theme for the banquet is Hawaiian." Hearing the staff member words everyone smiled again.

"There's a dress code too?" This is amusing.

"Young master expected this question so he prepared the answer as well. 'Of course if it is a gathering then we should do it in style'. This is what he said, sir."

"It's cold as it turn night; with such light Hawaiian clothing, we will freeze to death." Eblilis spoke worriedly.

"The young master expected this as well. So he asked me to tell you all that the banquet is arranged in the hot springs cave. Everyone can bath while eating and cook with the natural hot spring water. It's warn and totally mood-making; these are the words young master has said. For other details, please check the invite cards I gave you all just now." The staff member spoke politely.

Everyone opened the small cards that was distributed earlier and saw that every doubt of us was explained with simple single drawing in the card.

As expected, it was sketched by Igses and it was a phenomenal work of art. He really knows his art well.

I already knew that the painting I bought from the art display where I met Noemi for the first time was painted by Igses. But looking at his sense of perceiving art really makes me proud of him.

One day I will tell the whole world that he is the product manufactured by me and Eblilis.

It's not just me who was impressed, others were also clicking their tongues when they saw the sketch in the card.

"Hey, Acacia, does my little nephew Igses draw people too? Can he paint me with BTS members?" Ruby held Eblilis hand tightly and shook it acting cutely.

Looking at the cute expression given by her friend, she almost puked, seriously. I've been learning a lot about her and these days even a slight movement of her muscle can tell me what is running in her mind.

Callum, on the other side scoffed angrily. "After finding an ingenious painter, the first you thought of getting was not pain us together but get a painting of yourself with BTS members?"

"Can you compare to my seven darlings? Say, Acacia, can I please -"

"Alright, we will be late for the banquet. Let's leave now." Callum hurried everyone before Ruby could get what she wanted.

Intelligent guy!

We returned to our respective rooms and the moment I stepped into my room, I found a big box on my bed.

I slowly walked to it and opened it, inside which there is a suitable set of clothes for the banquet inside. Over the nice Hawaiian shirt and trousers is a card sitting on it.

'Dad, Noemi told about how her mamma likes her daddy when he wears light. This button-less shirt is a gift from me.'

Reading the content on the card, I don't know if I should feel happy or angry or devious or displeased.

Just six years old and he already learnt all these tricks? But seeing how he did it for me and his mamma, I cannot disappoint him, can I?

So I took a shower, wore my clothes and did not button up my shirt leaving it to reveal my body freely for a certain pair of eyes.

Will she drool over me?

Will her eyes turn into torch lights when they come in contact with my amazing body?

Will she get drunk just by looking at me?

Will she have dinner or will she feel compelled to have me for dinner?

What if Eblilis get enchanted by my perfection? What if she loses her mind for me?

What if just the mere sight of my toned body drives her crazy in public?

Now, I'm a little worried. Is it really good to make her hot and wanting for me?

Thinking about it clearly again, I finally decided to still go for it. Although she might lose herself when she looks at me tonight, given how there are kids and many more guests around, she is surely tough enough to control herself.

And this can also be my chance to tease her even more and test her desire for me.

With that thought, I applied handful of body conditioner on my body and made my skin even more gleaming and attractive.

One look and she will definitely want to trail her hands on my skin!

Eblilis, I bet that after tonight, you will only have the image of me and my body dominating your mind.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Tzalmon has reached to a new level of enlightenment.

Igses and Noemi are obsessed with playing hosts. What do you think?

Are the two kids so adorable?

What do you think about Igses tries to get his mamma and dad together?

Igses definitely inherited his narcissism from his father. 

Tzalmon is self opinionated! You agree?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim 
**

###chapter 159
**Acacia Point of View**

"What do you think? Don't you both think that your son is now even more adult-like than you two are?"

Igses crossed his hands over his chest, with a smug smile, he wiggled his eyebrows proudly. I and the almost-shirtless Jerk looked down at the kid and for a while, we didn't know what to say.

It's not because of his smugness but because he really did a great job with the gathering. I heard from mom and dad that the every single arrangement was thought and planned out by Igses and Noemi, implemented by the staff.

The kids did not take any help or advice from adults and did everything by themselves.

And it was actually well done!

"You both did an amazing job. You took all small and big aspect into consideration; I love it." I pulled his cheeks and kissed him on his face.

One thing I always make sure is to praise where and when necessary. I believe that it builds confidence in kids and they tend to make more open decisions as they grow up.

So without hesitation, I picked him up and complimented for well done job. I wanted to do the same to Noemi as well but noticed that the little girl is going around the whole cave with a smile as she greeted everyone, instructing staff to serve drinks and just doing everything that a Lady from an old English family would do in a ball.

She is living her character!

"Are you sure they are only six and not sixty?" Aviva, who has been in her own world with a certain commander finally made her way to the reality.

"Tell me about it. After coming here, it feels like both the small mushrooms found their wings." I put Igses down and he immediately went on to entertain the guests.

"You are awake already?" I looked at her smiled teasingly.

"Don't do that. You know we did not do anything and he promised to touch me on our wedding night." Viva glared and said in an almost displeased tone.

"I did not mean that. I did not expect you to wake up from your love bubble already. You have been like a ghost from past several days, always disappearing suddenly. I heard you and Eelk are planning to get married as soon as possible?"

"What do you know? It has been very hard to manage work and dating simultaneously. Anyway, yes, we are indeed thinking of getting tied to each other as quickly as possible. You know how my parents are so it took some good effort on Eelk's part to win their favor. I heard he only has a mother and she still back in kingdom. A few days ago, he went back and got her permission too. Once the date is set, she will be brought here to attend the wedding and if possible, she will continue to stay here in our world."

Not bad!

They took care of everything by themselves.

But one thing is for sure, Eelk will truly make a great husband.

"Then what are you waiting for? Why aren't you getting a wedding date yet?"

"Eelk is looking for an auspicious day that will go well with both of us as per our birth stars." Right! How did I forget about the superstitious side of these people!

However, their belief in astrology or the likes is not fully on the false grounds. I did see and experience a bit of power of astrology back then when I was in the kingdom.

I nodded and teased her a little more. While I was chatting with Aviva, Ruby and Anne and just took a sip of fruit soda into mouth and suddenly spewed it out when I saw something outrageous.

"Hey what happened?" I shook my head and took wet wipes from them to wipe my mouth.

I looked at the disastrous crime scene from before and notice that the criminal was still continuing with his despicable actions.

An automatic fold of confusion, disgust and something else unnamable came up on my face when I looked at the criminal, Tzalmon The Jerk.

I can't believe I'm seeing this and mostly, I can't believe he is doing it.

Tzalmon the Jerk, right now, is looking at me with a hazed smile and - he - is rubbing his hand over her torso, trailing his fingers over his own body as if showing off something.

First look, it looked extremely disgusting! Especially his hazy half closed eyes!

Why the hell is he feeling up himself, dammit?

What is he doing in the middle of decent crowd?

If he is trying to be inconspicuous with his sudden madness, then he is failing hard because apart from me, there are a few more struggling pair of eyes on him with the same expression as me.

I shifted my gaze and looked at Liam who is playing cards with his friends and my male friends also noticed this weird species called The Jerk and kept stealing glances at him with a scowl.

As much as I know about my brother, this act of Jerk's has set himself on my brother's wrong side.

I noticed a few more strange gazed from guests around so I had no other choice than to go to him. I walked towards him with a glare and stood right before him and acted as if I stumbled right at that moment while the glass of cold ice water in my hand poured over him.

"Are you conscious now?" Was the first thing I asked once he got over his shock from the sudden incident.

"Eblilis, why did you do this?" To answer that, I provided him with another glare.

"What the hell are you doing just now? Have you gone mad? Are you possessed? Why were you... being shameless in a public place?" Even a person without magical powers can see the smoke coming out of the top of my head.

I'm seething!

"You don't know?" He exclaimed.

What nonsense! Why would I know and what would I know? He is being a weirs pervert and how would I know anything?

Did I ask him to do that?

"Don't spit nonsense. What should I know?"

"You did not feel anything?"

"Does disgusted, uncomfortable, confused, frustrated count?" Something akin to irritation and disbelief crossed his face.

Seriously?

I should be the one to feel them right now!

"What exactly are you doing just now? Do you know how improper you were setting off yourself before people? Do you how many were looking at you and your indecency just now? There are kids here and you were being crazy. Say, were you taking steroids?"

He silently looked at me without answering for few moments. When he saw impatience on my face, he moved a little closer to me and asked with a sad face.

"Did you not feel attracted to me?"

"Uh?"

"Do you see this?" He pointed towards the upper half of his body that was not covered with a shirt.

"Of course; I'm not blind."

"Then what do you think of it?" What is he getting at?

I almost wanted to hit my head against a wall. "Nothing."

"Nothing?"

"Nothing."

"You don't think I have a perfectly sculpted body?"

"That thought did not cross my mind." I answered honestly.

Jerk's face withered a little more than a second before. "You did not feel any attraction towards my masculinity?"

"Uh, no!"

"Don't you think you hypnotized by my body heat?"

"Nonsense."

"I wonder if you have necessary hormones to feel that way." He muttered to himself.

"Hey, what do you mean?"

"Any other girl would be drooling buckets when they look at this perfection. Look at you; we already have a son together but you still don't know how to appreciate beauty."

That was when I finally realized what is going on.

He was not feeling perverted for himself but he was trying to seduce me!

"Have you gone mad? Who seduces a woman like that?"

"Everyone. I'm sorry to break it down to you, Eblilis but do you know anything about romance and seduction?" I can feel his destitution in my bones.

But hey, how can he claim that I don't know anything about romance?

This is pure accusation!

"Of course. I am totally romantic at heart." I straightened my back and tipped my head up proudly.

"Are you sure? I specially came out this evening shirtless for you and you did not even feel a speck of casual desire. What romance are you knitting up in your heart?" His words, his tone, his accusing eyes; everything pointed insults at me.

He is questioning me on romance?

"Did you ever think that the problem is not in me but maybe you are not as eye catchy as you claim to be?" As soon as the words left my mouth, it was like the pillar of his life was destroyed.

He stumbled back a few steps with a hand over his heart as if something hit him hard.

"Impossible. Even I am just standing there fully clothed, anyone with eyes and heart will at least exclaim at me. You are the only one who doesn't feel anything. Eblilis, I apologize but are you still menstruating? Have you already experienced menopause?"

And this time, my hand was over my heart and I stumbled back when his words hit me.

Does he think I'm a dry tree?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about it? Good?

Aviva and Eelk are ready to start their new life as soon as possible. Send your congrats to them.

Tzalmon is such a weirdo. He tried to seduce Acacia but it backfired.

But Acacia is a bigger weirdo. You agree?

No wonder Tzalmon is so frustrated. What do you say?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 160
**Tzalmon Point of View**

I don't know where to hit my head and against what.

She must be the only one in the world to look at someone hot, especially someone that belongs to her, and still not feel anything at all.

Waste of all the effort!

In the end, I only made a fool out of myself!

My seduction is not to be faulted though. I did everything right but that woman's heart is still lacking necessary hormones.

How come nothing is working with her? Why am I unable to attract her?

Am I lacking the manliness? Absolutely not!

I am the perfect word to describe the manliness. Then why?

What else should I do?

This trip was supposed to be a turning point in our relationship. I actually planned to win her heart or at least make her restless for me. But every such idea and plan slipped into the sewage.

Is it how it is going to end?

Will I be making efforts for decades and centuries to nourish her dry branches in heart?

"Why are you looking at me like that?" Eblilis pointed her finger at my nose and asked in a low tone.

"Like what?" Even I can tell how defeated I sounded right now.

"Like I've wronged you terribly."

You have.

"I'm menstruating well and my hormones are in right conditions, thank you." She said a moment later, answering the doubts I exposed before. "But did you ever thought that maybe, you are not doing the right way?"

Humiliation!

Insult!

Defamation!

Damnation!

"I shouldn't have to do anything in the first place. You were supposed to be attracted to me and my body. It was supposed to be like that. Look at this -" I grumbled and directed her attention to the floor where we are standing.

"Look at the wet patches here. What is this?" Eblilis looked at me in disbelief and answered with a ghroan.

"Water, of course. This is a hot spring."

"Wrong. This is drool from almost all the women present here when they saw me shirtless. It almost flowed down and reached me. Look at you; forget about drool, I don't even see a normal, common, simple fraction of passing expression on your face."

"Well - I'm not like other girls, you know." She said with a little embarrassment which she immediately covered up.

"Oh I can see that. Say, are you into objectophillia?" I want to know the reason for her disinterest today at any cost.

"A what?"

"Objectophillia - having romantic feeling for inanimate objects or structures. I see you did not respond to my seduction, I noticed that you did not respond whenever you looked at a nice guy or a girl. I wonder if your sexual desires lie in something inanimate." Although I was just telling it to mock her, I somehow feel like this theory of mine should be right.

That's right!

She must really have some weird habits!

But imagining love, affection and desire in her eyes when she looks at a statue makes me a little spooky.

"Shut up!" She yelled loudly, gaining attention from everyone. I immediately turned around, smiled and nodded, gesturing them to continue with their own things.

I did not mind her raging feat much and continued with my complaints and assumptions.

"Alright, how about I give you my idol?" If she could get turned on when she looks at my statue, then I can find a way to turn that affection towards a real person; me.

"I am attracted to people." I don't believe it!

Even though she looked exasperated, even though she looked about to throw a tantrum, even though her face is red with embarrassment and even though she said it genuinely; I don't believe it.

"I still think you get turned on when you see an object. Just you wait; I will get someone to deliver a fine sculpture of mine the first thing in the morning to your room. Do you want a fully clothed one, semi clothed one or a naked one?" As soon as I asked this, I realized something and immediately answered it myself leaving her even more speechless.

"Ah right, you didn't feel anything when you see a live naked person how can a naked sculptor turn you on? But then again, we can still try. How about this, I will send you a fully clothed one first, try to romance with first then I will proceed to semi clothed and then with a naked one. Let's take it slow and get you accustomed with your desires first. Also, I need some time and courage to get someone to make my naked statue." I proceeded to tell her my plans.

For some reason, the more I spoke, the more redder her face is getting and the more her face is bulging like a balloon.

To be honest, I don't have confidence in turning her statue love to love for live person but something is better than nothing.

If she wants to love a statue then it should only be my statue.

"Ah right, I suddenly remember-" I gasped when something important than life blinked in my mind. "For the naked statue, you want my manhood sitting, bending or standing? Let me know your preference first itself. Don't blame me later for it." Yes, it's right to make everything clear now itself.

What if one day she comes and blames me for my manhood against her desires? I cannot afford it!

Thinking about it, should I highlight it by making that section with gold or platinum? Bejeweling with diamonds with be going too far. What if she wants to do something and it gets uncomfortable for her because of those stones?

But then again, I doubt if she can even feel any kind of perverseness. I somehow feel that she doesn't even know what a man's manhood is used for.

"Crawling and dropping." She gritted.

Huh?

I tilted my head in confusion so she made a slight gesture near the area below stomach which sent chill down my spine.

She moved two of her fingers like scissors and that was when I understood what she meant.

"Eblilis, dear, let's not be violent. Let's keep what should be kept okay?" I smiled amicably and rubbed her shoulder to calm her down.

I don't want to lose the most important jewel that can connect me with her.

"I'll just make a prototype of each and you can see what you like then." It's settled then.

"Are you done?" More than her words I heard the sound of her grinding her teeth.

Is she still angry?

I should be the one to be angrier, why is she angry?

"Yes. The matter is settled. Do you want to add something else?"

"Yes." Great! At least she is showing some sort of interest.

"If you are aiming for turning my sexual desires on, then don't send your own statue." Not mine?

"There is a Korean actor called 'Kim Soo Hyun'. Send me his idol." What?

Is she serious?

"Fully clothed, semi clothed and if possible -" She trailed off leaving it for me to understand.

Impossible!

I then noticed that the irritation and anger on her face slowly transformed into a smile which I did not like at all.

"Don't try your luck. The only statue you will get is mine."

"Aww, don't be like that. You don't turn me on. Curse your unattractiveness for it. Have you seen my favorite actor? He is hot, charming, handsome and what not. What are you when compared to him." Saying, she rubbed her hands excitedly and showed me a wicked grin.

"Don't even dream about it. Eblilis, the only fully clothed, semi clothed and naked you ever see on an idol or in real will be me; only!"

How dare is she!

Here, I'm trying so hard to seduce her and there, she wants to be turned on by some actor?

Let's see how she can have any other person - or an object in her mind from hereon. I will fill her with me everywhere.

"But I like-" I did not let her complete, snatched her hand and pulled her behind the wall away from everyone.

"Hey, what are you doing? No matter what you do, I like Kim -" And my lips went over hers, successfully shutting her mouth.

The kiss was rough, domineering and urgent. I pressed her against the stone wall and pressed myself to her. Holding her tightly, rubbed myself against her slowly. The friction that caused due to the rubbing was driving me insane.

She has such great body. No matter when I touch her, it gives me tingles of great desire.

I pushed my tongue through the barriers of her lips and easily hijacked her mouth as I tasted every inch of the deep sweet cave.

God, she is super sweet! I almost feel weak in my cavity!

"You." Kiss, suck and bite; "Belong" Kiss, suck and bite; "To" Kiss, suck and bite; "Me" Kiss, suck and bite.

"Only" I ended and finished it off by making her moan.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Who sympathizes with Tzalmon? Show your love here.

Ah, Acacia turned out to be a Korean lover. Kim Soo Hyun fans, raise your hands.

What do you think about Tzalmon's assumptions?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 161
**Acacia Point of View**

"I saw you were missing for nearly half an hour last night. Were you competing with the hot springs in who can produce more heat?"

"Gross, what kind of comparison is that?" I yelped and scowled at Viva, who, by the way, is actually quite enjoying herself teasing me.

"Aviva, why are teasing her so much?" Ruby shook her head displeased. "The reason why her lips were swollen last night was because she scaled herself when drinking something hot." She continued.

"Her blood was special so there were so many mosquitoes were attracted and they bit her on her chin, cheeks, neck and shoulder." Anne followed on with her own comment.

"Do you mean, her hair was unkempt because of the invisible twister that happened to sneak into the cave and hit her only?" Viva nodded her head in realization as she acted perfectly as a naïve young girl.

"That's right. Didn't you notice white gooey substance on her on her legs last night?" Ruby asked and before I could reprimand them, they did not give me any chance and continued with their act.

"She peed?" Anne asked hesitantly and immediately got a tap on her head from Viva.

"Of course not. It was that." Viva said mysteriously.

With perfect amount of pretended curiosity and innocence, Anne asked, "That - what?"

"Aiyah, that which causes a woman to feel wet when they are in heat." Ruby clarified with a wink.

"Wow, to come rolling down from up there, she should have a volcano inside." Anne gasped.

"It also depends on the one who caused it in the first place." Really Viva? You are really doing this?

"That's true too. But isn't it bad to have so much heat in the body?" Anne, please stop.

"Of course everything in this world has contradicting elements to balance everything. If joined well, the heat will be satisfied." Joined well? Join, as in, - join two -

Yes, she definitely means that.

I did not realize my friends to be so gross. How can they talk about something like this so freely and with innuendoes included?

"Are you girls done? Are you having fun?" The three nodded their heads shamelessly with a wide grin.

How come they became like this? Weren't they still ladylike before?

What caused this sudden change?

And look at their words! My, my, they learned dirty talking too?

"Anyhow, Cia, are you already exploring bed with him? When did it start? How far did you both go?" The three rubbed their hands excitedly and asked in unison.

"Nothing happened. Control your imagination." I grunted.

Where can anything go?

We just... kissed!

For a long time...

About for half an hour...

That's about it!

"Liar, liar, pants wetter!" Hey, how come these three are so in tune today?

"So your man was feeling sultry so he was shirtless last night. It has nothing to do with you, we got it."

Ah, right, thinking last night, I still cannot get over that Jerk's crazy assumption.

He claimed he was seducing me but it looked like he was being a pervert.

So I told them about my senseless conversation with the Jerk and by the time I finished, the three looked like they want to laugh and at the same time, they also looked speechless.

"What?" I asked after giving them few minutes to digest everything.

"Although it was a tad bit extra, it was indeed good way to gain attention of the interested party. That is the legit way of seduction. Acacia Dawn Winters, when did you become such a dried tree?" Ruby, the most experienced one among us exclaimed.

Although Anne and Carter's relationship started far before Ruby and Callum's; in terms of romance and seduction, Ruby is still the most experienced.

But how can she say Jerk was right?

I don't believe it.

"But, Mr. Ebernus is really something. He actually came up with such a method to retaliate against your passiveness. Ingenious I tell you." Viva spewed out with bouts of laughs.

"But that is good too. You can practice with his statue first then adjust yourself later easily." Anne commented as she followed the other two in laughing.

Did I do something wrong by telling them about last night?

This is what they call 'throwing stone at one's own foot'.

"How was I passive? Didn't I still kiss him back later?" I said aggrievedly and as soon as those words came out, I covered my mouth with my palm tightly.

That was purely unintentional.

However, it was good that they did not focus on the kiss slip.

"Actually, I can understand his disappointment too. Mr. Ebernus is such a fine piece of living breathing art and you did not even take another look at his perfectly carved body. Anyone would think there is something wrong with your eyes."

"But I did take several looks and I liked it too."

Viva exchanged a glance with the other two and sighed. "Acacia, oh Acacia, if you like it, you have to show it on your face. At least be a little dazed while you stare at him. Hasn't he always told you how you look beautiful and sexy? Why don't you give back those compliments?"

"Not just girls but boys love to be praised by their partners too. Actually, they like it more than us." Anne followed Viva and commented.

"Not only did you not understand his seduction tries, you also felt he was a weirdo. Although he was a little over to do it under many pairs of eyes, he still tried for your attention, did he not?" Ruby caught up and commented.

Well, how would I know what he was trying to do?

If he hinted me before itself, I could have at least reacted appropriately.

However, when I said I sneakily peaked at him and his body, it wasn't false. I really like what I saw; only, I did not show it on my face so blatantly.

"Alright, alright, I will try to be more active minded and take initiative to respond back to his seduction." Hearing this, the three nodded in relief.

"By the way, what are you going to do with those upcoming fully clothed, semi clothes and naked statues of your Jerk? Are you going to - you know?"

"No I don't. I'm not taking them in." I'm not fetish about those things. Obviously I will not let those things enter my house or my room.

"You are such a spoilsport. There is no stem of creativity in you at all. You let us take care of our nephew's romantic life. Don't even get involved with it or else what if you turn that sweet handsome little boy in to second 'you'?" I'm not that bad, am I now?

Why exaggerating so much?

"Ah right, do you see something interesting these days?" Anne wiggled her brow with a wide grin.

What interesting?

"Uh, no?"

"No wonder Mr. Ebernus is so exasperated with you." Viva gasped in anger.

"Tell me quickly, what interesting thing are you talking about?" I ignored their sarcasm as the gossip cells in me woke up.

"Damien is being ardently pursued." Uh, by whom?

"Who is pursuing him? I didn't know loan sharks are after him?"

Ruby got up, took hold of the flower vase and ran to me in full speed to break the vase on my head. I instinctively covered my head while she was held back by other two.

"Calm down. You should be rational with her even more." The other two coaxed her for a while before she put the vase aside.

"All those novels and movies you watched have gone down the drain? He is being ardently which means passionately pursued by a girl with romantic intentions, you fool."

"Damien has an admirer now?" I gasped.

Wow, wow, wow!

"But he always had admirers, what's so special about this one?" I asked again, thinking for a while.

"That's because for the first time, Damien is helpless with a girl. He already said he is not interested but he was still pursued by the brave one and for some known and unknown reasons, he is helpless in dealing with her." Ruby smiled happily while informing which means she has completely given up on him and there is a clean slate between them.

"But then again, if he doesn't even have a little interest, he would not tolerate her right?" Viva analyzed.

"True. Damien has always been polite but straightforward. If he doesn't like, he truly does not. He is tolerating that girl shows that he might be tiny winy bit interested or at least enjoying being pursued by her." Anne agreed excitedly.

"Guess what I saw last night!" Ruby created the momentum and we all asked her what she saw last night.

"I saw that girl eat food from his plate and he was actually okay with it. He let her do that and did not even show his displeasure."

No way!

Really?

Who is so daring enough?

"Who is this girl exactly?" And again, the three she-demons looked at me in disbelief.

"You really don't know? There is that Lord Aubessee right? It's his great granddaughter. Even Igses noticed how smitten that girl is for Damien." Viva exasperated.

Aubbessee's great granddaughter?

Oh, it's that girl!

Oh my, oh my! Why didn't I see this coming?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia's girl friends are so fun to talk to. Agree?

The three girls really know how to dirty talk and tease.

What? Damien has an admirer?

And that admirer is from Tzalmon's people?

Do you also think Damien is not completely uninterested in that girl?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 162
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"Majesty, the things you ordered are made and here." I raised my head from the book I'm reading and nodded at Gyles.

"Cover them well and send them to her room. The second set of them should be packed well and then courier them to Winters' Residence to her name." I said and stroke off a line on a certain list I made.

I continued to look at the list and noticed that Gyles did not make a move so I titled my head to the side and looked at him questioningly.

"Are you sure you want to do this, Majesty?"

"Um hmm, why not?" I nodded, in the process showing that I'm in my clear mind.

"It's inappropriate and - I don't know how to put it." What is inappropriate in this?

"Where are you sending those items to?" I supported my chin on my hand and asked.

"To Lady Dawn's room."

"What exactly are those items?"

"The - sc-sculptures."

"Who's sculptures are those?"

"Yours."

"You have your answer there. How is it inappropriate to send my sculptures to my woman?" And moreover, I somehow feel like it is necessary to stimulate her more and more to get her to feel something for me.

Others may think that I'm bearing grudges, which I am lightly, but it is not completely like that. I truly, really, genuinely, curiously want to stimulate her hormones.

She already had a child with me, no matter how we had Igses but it is still difficult for me to process that she is too ignorant in romantic issues.

"What if Lady Dawn refuse to take them in?"

"Start uncovering the fully clothed statue and tell her that if she doesn't take them in, you would uncover all of them and let everyone see what kind of fetish she has. Tell her that I ordered you to put them in her room by will or by force." Let's see how she will not take my statues in and not get wet for them.

I will make her so stimulated that she will have only dirty thoughts even when she saw the purest object.

"Yes, Majesty." He took the orders and left.

Eblilis, wait to get all hot and worried for me.

I smirked to myself and looked at the small notepad again as I added few more points to my list. Just as I was done, Igses walked inside with his hands on his back like an aristocrat looking down on the world.

My son is such a funny brat!

"Do you want something from me, little one?" I smiled down at him as he strode towards me and stood in front of me.

"Will I only visit you when I want something from you?" Little fellow frowned cutely but the glint of being caught was still there in his eyes.

Although it passed through quickly, I still saw it.

"Yes." I said in a no-nonsense expression.

"You are right then." He nodded but his mighty posture is still there; as if he is not bothered by asking something from me.

And I'm happy for that!

"Let's hear it."

"When are you going to marry my mamma?" Hearing his words, I raised a brow at him in surprise.

"Why do you want to know about that?"

"My future plans will depend on the answer you give me." Look at the little mushroom!

"What kind of plans of yours are interrupted by our wedding?"

Why is my son so childish yet so adult like at the same time?

"Let's just say there are a few. Tell me, when are you and mamma getting married?"

"Soon."

Little one nodded to himself and mumbled in a low voice which I still heard. "That means, not so soon."

"Hey, hey, I'm trying my best. It will be soon." I'm offended now!

How come he guessed so correctly even from my firm answer?

This pair of mother and son is really born to make me dance around them on my toes.

"Dad, papa, do you think I'm as blind as others? I know everything that is happening in this place. I know the actions and activities of everyone. I have my eyes and ears everywhere." He rolled his eyes at me and actually scoffed at me.

And at that moment, I felt so damn inferior to my own son!

"What future plans depend on my wedding with your mamma? Let me hear them?"

"Mamma's birthday is coming in a month. I want to know if I should prepare both wedding and birthday gifts together or separately. By the way, you are so slow in pursuing my mamma. She is the sweetest and most likable young lady I've ever seen and met in my life and you cannot even get her to marry you." He sighed in disappointment as he shook his head at me.

I literally looked at him with my mouth agape, speechless, not knowing what to say.

I'm trying, okay?

I'm trying my best. Your mamma is too romantically dried up. What can I do?

"I'll do my best to make her birthday as our wedding day, sir. Do you have any more complaints or wishes, My Lord?" I immediately stood up and got into a humble posture.

"I can only reluctantly put my hopes on you. I heard from uncle Eelk that the place you came from have many beautiful horses, animals and birds?"

"He's right."

"Then can you please get me some really beautiful birds and three foals?"

"Foals? Not the adult horses but baby ones?"

"Yes one male and two female. Male is for me, one of the two females is for Noemi and the other female is for me. I will raise it and then gift it to my life partner in future." I almost choked on my own breath when I heard this.

For future life partner?

"You want to raise it for your future wife? Can you not just give her one at that time? Why should you painstakingly raise it with yours?" Raising horse maybe fun but it's too much work too.

And this son of mine is only six, he is already thinking for his future wife. Where should I bang my head?

"What do you know? Girls are too troublesome. We can only coax them with sincerity. Why do you think that although I bicker with Noemi most of the times, I still give in, in the end?" No doubt this little mushroom learnt this from his experience with his mother.

The only girl he is too overly sincere with is his mother. His tricks in coaxing her are top notch. Even I was appalled by them sometimes.

Now that he is actually thinking about a future wife which he would get maybe twenty to thirty years later, his preparations for the worst cases are still the top among all.

"Alright I'll get you some cute and unique pets, birds and horses. Anything else?" I concealed my smile when he nodded in satisfaction.

"Yes."

"What else do you want from me?"

"This time, I want to give you something." He said with a mysterious smile and pulled an envelope from his pant pocket.

After unfolding the envelope, he gave it me and I took it curiously. When I opened it, I saw two tickets inside it.

"This is?"

"Camping tickets. I heard there is grasslands camping site here which allows only two couples to camp for three days two nights once every week. I pulled some connections and got two tickets for you and mamma. This is your chance to turn mamma's birthday to your wedding day. As your son, I can only pull you both to this level, from here on it all depends on you." Then he sighed in disappointment again when he looked at me and walked out my room regally.

Look at this boy! He is only to my knees and he pulled connections for me?

He has connections here?

I'm totally flabbergasted with this boy's confidence right now!

I mean, I'm actually quite happy for these tickets and overjoyed for his attempts in bringing me and his mamma close. But this little one is too domineering in his ways!

I looked at the information written on the tickets and decided to inform Eblilis about it before hand.

The camping date was confirmed to three days later and it would be two nights three days stay. The camping equipment should be brought by ourselves so there is enough time to make arrangements.

I first booked a camping van and then decided to buy the other equipment together with Eblilis. So I asked the staff and got to know that she is now by the stream behind the east hill in the ranch.

I rode a horse and reached the place within twenty minutes. And when I reached there, I saw one of the most beautiful views ever.

Beside the clear steam, on the grass, she laid there on her back with her eyes closed with an open book on her chest.

It's clear that she fell asleep while reading. I got down and went to her quietly. I slowly but quietly laid beside her and admired her for God knows how long.

The climate was so damn perfect and there was small and big flowers flying around, some, falling on her beautiful face, giving her an extra sense of natural beauty.

Then I realized that just a look at her like this is a huge turn on to me.

And so, I decided to make this camping trip a bridge to take this relationship to next level.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

So, I was on a sudden business trip so I did not get time to inform you guy beforehand or update the ###chapter. Hope you understand.

Igses is a total boyfriend material. You agree?

What do you think about Igses and his future plans?

He actually used his connections to bring his mom and dad together. Isn't this adorable?

Will this camping bring a new pleasant change in their relationship?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 163
**Acacia Point of View**

I can't bear it anymore.

Gosh, this is so embarrassing!

Why? Why is this only happening to me?

"I don't know if I should call you lucky or considered to be fooled silly." I love you so much, Aviva but right now, I really want to hit you hard.

This is already so mortifying; why should you rub it on my face?

"Shut up." I ground my teeth until white powder could be seen with naked eye.

"I say, Mr. Ebernus is quite creative and true to his words. Come on, pack them too for your camping trip." Ruby commented as if someone begged for it.

Creative?

True to his words?

Please stop kidding me!

"Kindly refrain yourself from commenting anymore. I will not pack anything other than my clothes and other necessities." I glared eye to eye with all my girl friends.

"Come on, Dawn, don't disappoint poor Mr. Ebernus. He even got you the miniature versions of his statues to make it travel friendly for you. Stop breaking his heart anymore and put these in your bag." I want to throw these three women in a dark room and scare them out of their wits.

No, not only them! This all stemmed from that senseless Jerk who is making a joke out of my life.

I've never felt this embarrassed in my whole life that I felt in these past three days.

"By the way, why are the bigger statues still covered in wraps? Didn't you unwrap and admire them till now? Anne asked as she walked towards the three big sculptures that took half the space in my room and frowned.

Of course I unwrapped them and admired but I'm not going to tell it to you all. It's good that all the packing techniques I learnt came in handy.

As much as I hate to admit it, the statues are really life-like. They are more attractive than the real person.

"Do you think I'm that kind of person to have some fetish for -" I gruntingly put the mini sculptures in my bag and heaved in frustration.

"We do." All the three said in unison and so confidently they said as if it was a simple crude fact.

They are not my lovely friends anymore. They have become villains to my sanity.

"Alright, stop wasting time here. Start moving, you'll be late. We'll meet again three days later. Don't worry, we all will take best care of Igses although he doesn't look like he need it." They all pulled me up from the bed and pushed me out of the house and threw my bag on my face, finally shutting the door on me.

They are behaving as if I will run back to them. I don't want to say it out but I'm looking forward to this camping trip too.

Why is everyone treating me as if I'm a hard stone that is difficult to melt?

"Took your time to grace your presence? We you occupied with the other me otherwise?" Ew, that sounds so dirty!

I turned around when I heard him, only to find him leaning over a camping van stylishly and smirking for nothing.

That's when I suddenly remembered the time when he came to look for me to inform me about camping and how he spent his time doing everything expect for what he came to do.

That bloody Jerk took advantage of my sleeping state and kissed me.

Damn him, he almost got us caught half naked that day.

"I didn't want to go with you anywhere, remember? It was you who bribed my friends to get me here." After how I was almost caught half naked with him near the stream, I rejected his invitation for camping.

Although I like outdoor activities like camping, although I really wanted to go from the very first time he asked, although one of the reasons was to see how he planned for those three days when we will be spending time alone; I still cannot nod my head enthusiastically right from starting.

"Then why are you still standing here? You can go to any empty cabin if you really don't like it." He must've said these seriously but I'm not a fool to not understand the teasing undertone.

"Hmph, I don't want to disappoint my son." I grumbled and opened the van door to take my seat.

"Oh. So you are coming for our son. So you are not really interested in spending time with me." He trailed off after getting into driver seat.

"Of course."

"This was not what you said when you were sucking the hell out of my lips the other day. Were you doing our son a favor then too?" I hate this Jerk!

It's official now!

He always thinks of how to embarrass me.

"You took advantage of me. Don't push your action on my head." I said and kicked his leg, hinting him to stop talking nonsense and start driving.

"Alright. Then the next time I take advantage of you, I will not blame you for cooperating." Saying he started the vehicle with a roar.

It's an hour drive from the ranch to the camping site and I bought some board games and some junk food on the way.

I really kind puzzles and board games from when I was a child so it will be a good time pass and even though he got a lot of food for us, I still got myself something I like.

An hour of driving with occasional one-sided teasing from his side and bearing it silently from my side, It felt like my soul returned to my body when the van finally stopped and I got out of the damn vehicle.

I sometimes experience car sickness. Usually, I don't feel stuffy and nauseous but sometimes when I ride on empty stomach on early mornings, I do feel discomfort.

Thankfully, it's only an hour drive and I felt much better after breathing in fresh air.

It took a couple of minutes for my stomach to settle down but once it did, I noticed we are in the middle of grasslands expanded until one could only see green and nothing else.

The air is a filled with morning moist and the short grass under the feet is still wet from morning dew. The hill next to where we currently are is most probably for hiking.

While I continued to observe the place around me, Jerk got to his job, got all the stuff out, arranged the tent, laid carpets, chairs and tables and kept everything in an orderly manner.

What surprised me the most is, he did them all so effortlessly and neatly as if he has done it several times in the past. So he did not ask for my assistance nor did he accept it when I offered.

So while he is doing all the work, I saw that there was a small building on the top of hiking hill. I took the broacher they provided to see what it was.

Apparently, it was a small shelter built as a precautionary measure when it rains too heavily or if something untoward were to happen.

By the time I read the whole broacher and highlighted all the fun things and places around us, Jerk already completed setting up the barbeque equipment.

"I already got us some light breakfast. We will look around once we eat." He brought out a bag full of breakfast which is still hot and smell like heaven.

There's eggs, meat, bread, grains, soaked nuts and hot chocolate, just right for the cold weather. It was such a hearty breakfast that smile did not leave my face until I wiped off my plate clean.

"What next?" I asked with a smile, all thanks to such scrumptious food.

"Kiss."

"Oh. Where is - what?" I almost yelled out when I realized what he said.

"Kiss. Now we have to kiss for digestion purpose. Also, don't you like outdoor activities?" He got up, walked to me with an earnest and serious expression, pulled me into his arms and freaking kissed me as if it was something very natural.

And during the whole time, I was so dumbstruck by his sudden actions that I did not what to think or do.

Why is he so direct suddenly?

Also, who digest their food in this way?

What kind of outdoor activity is this?

Wait, why am I letting him get his way with me?

So, I tried to pull myself back but as if he added metal in my food and swallowed magnets himself, our lips stuck together.

In my hazy attempt to pull myself back, I still held his shirt tightly and unintentionally groaned when he went deeper and deeper into it.

Damn, I didn't know a kiss can make you feel so airy.

His hands roamed on my back and sides, feeling me up slowly, making me so tensed whenever and wherever he touched.

"Are you still full?" His low raspy voice hit my ears. I was already breathing hard from the hard long kiss and when he whispered so close to my ear, I was almost a done deal.

"Huh?"

"Seems like you are still bloating from over eating. Let's digest your food a little more, hmm?" Before I could understand what he meant, I was laid on the carpet and a pair of familiar lips attacked mine again.

And this time, it was not just the lips that were attacked!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Tzalmon is really something. He is so bent on making her uncomfortable.

It looks like Tzalmon realized something about Acacia so he chose a direct method to attract her.

Who likes outdoor activities? List them out for me and let's see if kissing is one of them.

Will Tzalmon be able to win her over in these three days?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 164
**Acacia Point of View**

"Jerk, put it inside the brazier." I urged him when I saw him standing there like a fool from the past fifteen minutes without a break.

He, his expressions, his body language, everything about him felt somewhat awkward-ish and guilty.

He looked everywhere but me and when I was talking to him, he did not even respond back, verbally or otherwise.

What is this? Daydream paralysis?

Why he is standing like an electricity pole?

"Uh, that, Eblilis..." He stammered and I waited for six lifetimes for him to complete what he wants to say but he only moved his lips but nothing came out of his mouth.

And even the professional Olympic range lip-reader cannot understand what exactly he was mumbling inaudibly.

This made me frown harder. So with little patience, I walked to him, pulled the charcoal from his hand and put in the brazier which was already lit. Applying some oil on the grill, I placed some veggies and meat on it with a drizzle of salt and pepper on them.

"What are you standing here like a silly? Didn't you say you know how to barbeque? Were you waiting for some auspicious time?" I grumbled while taking care of meat and veggies that are getting grilled.

Once I adjusted the heat, I quickly mixed the basic barbeque sauce for a dip. "Where's the fish you roasted, let's try it out with sauce before the meat is roasted well."

I prefer fish roast more than meat. I feel like the taste of roasted fish is much heartier than any animal meat so I'm actually excited to have a fish for a starter.

Jerk smiled at me awkwardly and looked at the meat on the grill. I raised a brow and waved my hand in front of him to give the grilled fish.

He slowly raised his hand and pointed at the brazier grill. I titled my head to the side slightly, waiting for him to tell me clearly what the heck is he doing right now.

"It's in there." He said with a few strange creepy giggles.

"In where?"

"In there." He pointed at the brazier again. I really don't know what the hell is he saying so I could only stare at him blankly.

It was only after three minutes of staring at him I suddenly understood what he meant. And when I realized it, I didn't know whether to laugh or get angry.

"Wasn't that a piece of charcoal?" Although I knew the answer by now, I was still letting the atom of my hope keep me still.

"Not at first." That was some good way to answer!

"Didn't you say you are a specialist in grilling and roasting?"

"I thought the same when I watched hundreds of videos before." I breathed out loudly when I heard him and immediately turned around to do my job of cooking well.

"Until you have firsthand experience of cooking, let the responsibility of food be in my hands in the future." I cannot really get angry at him for such a simple issue.

He was royal person to begin with and the thought of cooking for me was already enough. I cannot expect him to do a splendid job on his first try.

At least he tried; that's what matters for now.

However, he should really learn how to cook simple dishes though. I and Igses cannot eat charcoal and ash in the future.

"You will do the cooking for us?" He asked as if he was surprised.

"What else? You want me and my son to eat burnt ash and fill our stomach?"

"Alright, you will have the highest say at home in future." Something at his declaration sounded fishy but since part of my attention is on our lunch, I did not give it a much thought.

Thanks to that Jerk's efforts, he successfully helped me most of my breakfast with long minutes of kisses and short while of stroll around.

What was hateful was that I actually couldn't get myself to scold him or reprimand him about his physical intimacy with me.

I quickly served the meat, veggies, sauce and pan baked cake on each of our plates and closed the plates with a lid.

"Let's got to hobbit cave behind the oak trees to enjoy the food." While I got the food and plates, he brought carpet and other items needed.

It was a satisfyingly calm lunch and once I had my fill I jumped out of the cave before he chose to help me digest my food.

I prefer other methods for healthy digestion process, thank you.

"You thought I would kiss you for digestion?" A playful smirk crept on his face.

"I have to be careful with perverts." Without explaining further, I initiated the to walk back to the camping area.

"You are lucky then. This pervert prepared some board games to help you digest food effectively."

"If you pull out the twister and thinking of take advantage of me, then you should be disappointed."

"Cards, chess, monopoly, backgammon etc., Do they count as decent games to play?" When I saw a very clear and honest look in his eyes, I'm almost sure that there are tricks hidden these games.

This man is most cunning when he is honest.

"Alright. Let's start with cards then." Cards seem to be the most inconspicuous game which is hard to tamper with right now.

"Your wish is my command." He got a bag from the van, which is stacked up with all kind of board games.

After laying down the thick carpet on the grass, he placed a small sitting table in the middle and arranged cushions for both of us to sit on. On the table was a deck of cards and something else that looked very suspicious.

I shuffled the cards like a pro, all the while observing his actions keenly. On the corner of the table is a cardboard box, covered all the sides and with a small opening enough to let an arm pass through on the top.

"What is this?"

"This is to make the game interesting." He smiled proudly.

"Interesting how?" A very bad feeling crept in my heart.

"You'll know soon. What do you want to play?"

"You ask as if you know many games."

"Of course I know. I got one of the aristocratic families under me open a chain of casinos in Arizona. Of course I know many card games." I really envy these supernatural people.

They can be unlucky in anything but their luck in making money makes me want to beat them to pulp. It's so infuriating to have such deep shit luck with money.

"Rummy, then." I quickly distributed the cards. I then picked up my own cards and arranged them neatly in order.

We took turns to take and discard the cards and in only six turns, Jerk slapped the cards on the table. "Rummy"

Already?

In only six turns?

I carefully read all his cards for over twenty times before giving in. This is only the first game so no hurry and worry.

Let's see how he will keep up with me.

"Right, we did not decide on the betting amount." To this, Jerk smirked spookily and tapped the cardboard box in answer.

"Not money but the winner will pick a card and the loser should accommodate the winner's request as per the card picked."

Without giving me a chance to refuse the idea, he put his hand inside the box and pulled out a small card.

After carefully reading it, the smirk on his face widened. "What is it?" I asked curiously.

"Dedicate a love poem to the winner." What nonsense!

"I don't agree. You prepared all the cards so you must've written all senseless dirty ideas of yours. I disagree." I shook my head vigorously.

"I knew you would say this; that is why I asked your friends to personally prepare the pick-cards. Even I don't know what is written."

Now that stopped me from making a fuss. Seems like he expected everything came prepared.

But writing a poem for him is too cringy!

"True love is a durable fire,
In the mind ever burning,
Never sick, never dead, never cold,
From itself never turning." I brazed myself and let out those super cringy words.

Once I finished reciting, I waited for him to shuffle the cards and distribute but he kept looking at me as if I'm a fool.

"What? Shuffle the cards."

"Eblilis, do you think I don't even know Shakespeare sonnets?"

Damn it! When did he read old poetry?

"You have to make one for me. Don't you think of fooling me with something else. I could tell a poem written by others and you. Come on, a love poem made by you for me." If you ask for self made poem suddenly, where would I get from?

And gosh, writing a love poem for him is so damn cheesy.

I spent five minutes in thinking and when I framed a small one in my mind, I opened my mouth to recite.

"In this love poem, I'll jest and jeer,

With mocking tone, to bring some cheer.

For love's a game, a merry sport,

So let's poke fun, with words distort.



Oh, love, you sly and fickle friend,

You toy with hearts, we can't pretend.

You come and go, without a clue,

Leaving us wandering, feeling blue.



Look at that handsome yellow face,

Like a swallow on hunger strike,

Like a skeleton of an unsolved case,

But it is hard for people to dislike.



Oh, love, let this poem fill your heart,

Help you with pumping the blood out,

May my love literary, flow through your every vein,

Causing your eyes to thunder a happy rain."

Although it was a bit of an honest poem with half truth and half flatter, I still feel really accomplished right now.

I'm sure after hearing this poem, he is crazily wildly happy!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Tzalmon has such good skills in converting things. He can produce coal so easily!

Who thinks that Tzalmon is multi talented?

Acacia's poem for Tzalmon; is it a love poem or a hate poem or a blend of both?

What more devious board games did Tzalmon prepare to bring them closer to each other?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**




###chapter 165
**Tzalmon Point of View**

I'm sure it's supposed to be love poem but it somehow sounds like list of complaints against me in a sophisticated vocabulary.

It's neither a praise not completely insulting me.

What exactly is this poem about?

Scratching my head, I decided to let it and continue with the game. There will more opportunities to make a move on her so I only need to wait for the right chance to pounce on her.

Yes!

"Alright, let's continue. Let me shuffle the card and distribute them now." I pulled the deck of cards and started the next round of the game.

Although Eblilis was a little down for losing the first game, she still has a hint of smugness after she finished presenting me with a poem.

She picked her own cards and acted secretively, trying her best to cover her cards from me. I smiled at her childishness as I arranged my own cards.

Fifteen minutes later, I shouted another 'Rummy' and successfully won the second round as well. With a loud chuckle, I showed my cards and looked up to see the frowning Eblilis.

"Are you so happy?"

"Of course. Come on, let me pull out another card from the box and let's see what the loser has to do for the winner this time." I nodded unwisely and went on to choose a card from the box.

I'm so excited to know what the next card will be.

Will it be to hug me?

Will it be to kiss me?

How about both?

I don't mind at all. I don't mind if the task on the card is a little more cheesy and cliché.

"Okay, I'm going to open it now." I waved the card in front of her and she only managed to look at me blankly.

This made me even happier because her blank and I-will-deal-with-you-later look almost made me want to laugh out loud.

"What are you dancing for like human figure balloon? Just open it and tell me what to do." Gosh! When she is a little irritated, she gives me such a homely feeling.

I grinned wickedly at her and slowly opened the card while creating a hint of suspense in air. After acting like a host of a game show for two minutes, I finally read what is in the card and right that very moment, my happiness deflated.

What - what is this?

How is it a task for the loser?

It's clearly...

It must be because of the sudden change I showed, Eblilis pulled the card from me and looked at it herself and this moment, her deflated mood turned into starry sky, bright and beautiful.

"Aiya, indeed my friends are the best. Just look at their understanding about me. They know my skills and added some suitable tasks for a loser like me." How come I feel like I am loser and she won the game this time?

Clearly, it was me who won.

"This task suits me well. Let's get it done quickly." She clapped and stood up, walked into the tent to bring out the things needed to complete the task.

"How about we waive off this task? It's not good for me to gloat over your lose." When I saw the things in her hands, I scrambled back a little and said in a hurried tone.

"How can that be? A loser should do his task and the winner should enjoy it. If I lose my integrity just because of such my displeasure, how can I live with such an attitude? What will I teach my son if I don't even fulfill my duties? Let's get it done quickly so we can continue with the game."

Before I could stand up and escape, she brought ties and tied my hands to do her task without any hindrance.

When I remember the words written on the task card, I couldn't help but curse several times in my heart.

'Do a nice full makeover for the winner and the winner have to stay in the makeover until the next day.'

As a winner how can I suffer like this?

The moment she opened her makeup box and pulled out the wet wipes, several kinds of powders, creams, brushes of different sizes and many more things I don't even know where to apply, my heart felt cold and desolated.

"Eblilis, why don't you -" I started but she pulled out a hair clip from the box and clipped it on my lips, effectively stopping me from talking.

I'm a burly, muscular man who is a king of a realm! How can I wear makeup?

It's my fault. I shouldn't have been so smug about my victory.

Eblilis first cleaned my face with a cleanser, then, after drying my face, she took out a hair band and pulled all my hair back so that it doesn't fall on my face.

"Don't move, stay still." She held my moving face with her hands and steadying me with a glare.

She lined you several kinds of bottles and containers of cosmetics and took out the first one in the order. After squeezing the bottle a little, pale pink cream dropped in her hand.

She applied it on my face and I felt that it smelled pretty good but it's too girly. My skin felt pretty moist and fresh after the cream was applied.

So I thought, that since the cream is already applied, with a little lipstick on my lips, I'm done with. Who knew she would take the second container in the order and applied it on the face again.

"Didn't you apply it just now? What is this?" I asked when I saw her squeeze out the third kind of some cream.

Is she laying a foundation to build something?

Why is there so many creams to apply.

"The first is the moisturizer, the second was the primer, and this is foundation. There's still a lot to do so shut up and let me do what I need to." Saying, she pulled out another brush and applied the foundation cream which, by the way, seems the same as the other two.

"Why don't you just do it casually? Do you have to make it so serious?" And in return, I received a very bright evil smile from her which answered everything.

So I could only shut my mouth and wait for her to finish with it.

Why is life suddenly so bleak?

She patiently continued with the concealer and another kind of foundation which came in powder. I don't even know what is the different if both are foundations.

Nonetheless, following foundation powder was bronzer, blush, highlighter, eye shadow, eyeliner, mascara, lip gloss and lip tint and ending it with some kind of facial spray and powder.

To think that the only way to use a highlighter is to highlight text on books, I feel so ignorant.

But that did not end with just that, she proceeded to put on fake lashes on my eyes and then styled my hair.

Right, the worst of all was that she actually added some kind of glitter on my eyelids. I even had to change into some kind of flower shirt and loose pants to finish the full makeover.

My feelings right now are so messed up and complicated.

"Alright, done. Do you want to look at my artwork?" First she took several pictures of me despite my resistance and only then did she pull out a mirror for me to look at myself.

" Tsk tsk, you look like a lady who went through rough hormonal patch of life." And the moment I looked at myself in the mirror, I lost all my will to live.

Life is so cruel!

The last thread of energy left my body when I saw that there is three parts of my hair tied up with a band.

Nothing around meant anything anymore, nothing inside me felt good anymore, nothing about me is confident anymore.

I'm broken beyond repair.

I'm shaken beyond revival.

"Oh come on, don't be such a drama king and just look at you. You look so - different." Different indeed. Different in not a nice way.

The more I looked at myself in the mirror, the more I want to puke at myself. She has done an excellent job with the makeup and has superb skills.

But fault is in me!

For a muscular manly man like me, with heavy girly makeup, I myself think I look so scary.

If anyone looks at me, they will surely fall into days of nightmare not to mention children who have a sensitive heart.

The confidence in me for being a handsome and a charming man shattered to pieces. I feel like there is really no reason to live anymore.

That's how creepy and nauseatic I am right now.

"You are an evil woman, Eblilis." I mumbled in a defeated and crying tone. I really want to cry right now.

"Not yet." She grinned at my defeated state.

I raised my head and looked at her suspiciously. "What do you mean?"

"Nothing. Just that, I shared your pictures to Igses just now." She said as she placed a finger under my chin and pushed it up.

And I'm dead for real this time.

Igses is many things but the most important feature of his is being a gossipmonger.

Given his excitement, by now, all the -
**
~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Who is the real winner of the second game? Tzalmon or Acacia?

Poor Tzalmon, he is completely subdued by makeup. Your views?

What do you think about the quality they are spending together, fooling each other?

Imagine a muscular handsome man like Tzalmon with a good makeup. What do you say?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim** 


###chapter 166
**Acacia Point of View**

Can his neck still afford to keep his head on it after the pictures of him with heavy makeup was released?

My, my, this is so exciting!

Why didn't I think about these silly simple ways to torture him before?

Forget about everything but just the look of his face with makeup is so damn funny that I even woke up in the middle of the night to laugh for half an hour.

Given Igses nature of sharing all the good things with his family and friends, by the time we are back from camping, Jerk's pictures would be circulated even to the staff in the ranch.

"Is it so funny?" I heard him ask for the nth time today and for the nth time, I nodded my head with a grin.

"Look at your bucket and mine; mine is almost filled with fish and yours is filled with nothing but air. If you continue to laugh like that, you can never a fish for the day. Instead you will drive them away." He grumbled and pulled his fishing rod again with another plump medium sized fresh water fish hanging to it.

I looked at his bucket and mine and could help but feel disappointed. Everything about this campsite is good. There's also freshwater spring river which proved to be an excellent fishing spot but the fishes are too coward.

I only chuckled for a few times every now and then and they are already frightened and went to hang themselves against his fishing rod.

With three or four more fishes of decent size, he will be a clear-cut winner.

Initially, with how big our buckets are, I thought I can easily fill half of it in a couple of hours. Who knew Jerk would steal my thunder and almost fill his own bucket and so quickly?

Now, look at him, mocking me with those simple yet harsh words.

No, I have to win this fishing spree!

I didn't even win one game of cards yesterday, I should at least win in fishing.

So, I racked my brain for ideas, ways to catch the attention of fish and pull them to my side. After thinking for five whole minutes, I suddenly remember the cheat tool I have with me.

I dashed towards the camping van got everything I needed. In a matter of few minutes I set everything up and looked at Jerk proudly.

I can catch hundreds of fish now!

Jerk, not knowing what is happening, raised a brow at me. "What is going on now?"

"Fishing."

"With a movie projector?"

"Yes."

"Are you planning to attract fish by showing them Nemo movie?"

"No."

"Are you going to attract them with music? That's even childish."

"No."

"Eblilis, what are you going to play for -" Before he complete his sentence, he saw the portable screen that was facing the river.

Even in such cold weather, for some reason I could see a few drops of sweat forming on his face which made me even happier.

And with that, I started to reel in one after another fish continuously.

"You better take that down, Eblilis. Please." Jerk looks so constipated right now that his expression will even make me laugh in dreams.

Indeed his makeup pictures is the best tool to scare the fish away from him. His face never disappoints me.

"Or else, what? You aren't jealous that I will win this fishing competition with my cheat tool right?" This is so relaxing!

It's always him teasing me and making fun of me. Now that I have something on him, the world looks beautiful and fresh now.

Seems like I will have to think of ways to collect such treasure for future use.

With that, I successfully fished as many as he did but since both of us are tied, there's no loser or winner among us.

However, such good freshwater fish tasted amazing when cooked and roasted in different ways. What is the heart of camping? Isn't it food?

With right ambience, right people and right food, there is no chance not to enjoy it.

"What are we playing today?" After eating my fill, I'm excited to play now. With yesterday's game and punishments, I'm very excited now.

"Not cards anymore."

"You must be traumatized, right. Alright, since you paid a lot yesterday, we will play a game of your choice today. As long as it is fun to me, I don't mind even if you lose a lot." I changed the last sentence conveniently and looked at him eagerly.

Jerk thought for a moment and then said faintly. "There's this game I watched on television on some international channel. I though it's pretty entertaining. Why don't we try it?"

"Okay. What is it?"

"Although it will be fun with more members, we both can still play it for awhile. So, we have stick-it notes, yes? I will write one word, phrase or action on it and stick it on your forehead and you will do the same. I don't know what is written on my forehead nor do you. Now, we will have to talk casually and make other person say or do what is written on the paper on their forehead."

Hey, isn't this game from those Korean shows? When I watched this game in a few shows, I absolutely loved it and even play with my friends many times.

I can be considered a pro in it.

Tsk tsk, this Jerk sure knows how to lose without even knowing.

Playing as if I didn't know about it and was actually excited about the game, I looked at him eagerly, "Then do we have punishment for losers? Without that, it will be too bland." I tried not to be too obvious when I suggested it.

Although I saw a flash of doubt in his, I still maintained my usual calm as if I have no schemes in my mind.

"Then we will go with the box with task cards from yesterday?"

"Nah, isn't there any other way to spice it up?" No matter how the task cards from yesterday were fun, it's still boring to continue.

"Spice it up? Then how about smack or smooch?"

"Eh?"

"The winner can choose to smack or smooch the loser and the loser will have to complete the reminding challenge."

Smack or smooch? Then can I smack him if I win?

That doesn't sound bad.

"Okay." Muddleheaded, I nodded at the thought of smacking him without thinking about his complete explanation and future consequences.

And when I mean consequences, I definitely know what they are ten minutes later.

"You sure? You will not step back when you lose right?" For some reason, I found him suppressing his smirk.

Does he think I will lose like yesterday so he is being smug about it?

"Of course. Once a word is given, so given." I said proudly.

Soon, we both took our post-it notes and wrote on it secretly. With an experience of playing this game before, I chose an easy one so I can easily win.

After writing, I leaned towards him and stuck it on his forehead while he did the same to me. "The time limit is five minutes. We should make other person say or do what's on their forehead in five minutes or the game will be declared a draw." Five minutes is more than enough for me so I nodded in agreement.

"We will take turns to speak to make it fair. I'll start first." He proposed to which I agreed immediately.

"You look beautiful." He suddenly said making me blush inwardly. Then I realized that this is a game he might not mean it.

So with a pout, I answered carefully. "Uhm."

What might be the word on my forehead? Is it, 'okay'?

"You sure know how to upset me. Are you saying that I'm beautiful for this game purpose only?" I grumbled but my intention is to make him react as I wish.

And surely, he did. "No, Eblilis I -"

"Ah ha, you lost." I clapped my hands.

He realized that he said the word he shouldn't and pulled the post-it on his forehead to see the word 'Eblilis' on it.

Again, for some reason, despite losing, he has a small smile on his face. "Seems like you know me too well. Are you secretly crushing over me?"

Where does his confidence come from?

I want to buy some too!

"My words should be 'okay' or 'I know', right?" I said and pulled my post-it to see 'I know' on it.

Ah ha, a pro is always a pro.

"Hah, since you lost, I choose to smack you." I raised my hand and smacked him on the back of his head, not too roughly though.

I smiled and rubbed my hands in anticipation of smacking him a few more times. But before I can dance over my victory, he pulled me and kissed me loudly on my lips.

"Hey, what are you doing?"

"As a winner, you chose to smack me, so as a loser, I have no other choice to smooch you. That's our agreement right? Did you forget already?"

And that was when I realized what exactly he said ten minutes ago and what important thing I chose to ignore when I got excited about smacking him.

No matter who smooched the other, wouldn't I be kissed after every game?

Acacia Dawn Winters, how can you be such a fool!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Acacia is too much to use his makeup picture to scare the fish away from him.

She really knows how to use her tricks to irritate the other person.

Tzalmon sure knows how to take advantage of situations. You agree?

He found a way to kiss her at every turn. Not bad, right?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 167
**Tzalmon Point of View**

Sometimes, she is like a little fox who is cunning but still innocent at the same time.

Sometimes, she is like a bunny with cat claws who knows only to scratch everyone.

But sometimes, she is also like a dangerous tigress with a soft plum like heart.

Eblilis has such contradictory characteristics that makes it so interesting to be around her. She is so damn intriguing.

Now, looking at her own cleverness being backfired against her, the wholesome expressions she is giving is like a driller drilling into my heart and filling it with some really important and gentle yet passionate emotions.

She looks pretty angry for being taken advantage but she doesn't have any resentment towards the kiss we shared which means she doesn't mind at all.

So, collecting all my thoughts, I arranged them in a proper way, analyzed them and finally came to a conclusion.

"Eblilis, let's have another baby, okay?" I want a daughter this time. My son is too much of a mamma's boy but this time, my daughter's exclusive love and attention will be on me.

After coming to this world, I realized and saw that fathers here love, adore and want daughters more passionately than sons. I've made a few friends along the way in the past couple of years and few of them are fathers of both sons and daughters.

However, I saw that they are more lenient and gentle towards daughters, while they are more loving and educational towards their sons. When I asked a few why it is so, they said the feeling a daughter gives to a father is so different from what a son gives.

While son gives the feeling of love and security, daughters are like fairies who provides fathers with a strange kind of fulfillment and a drive to be better and protect them with their life.

When I heard that, I felt an itch in my heart. Back in my realm, almost all the families value male heirs more and when they have daughters, although they are give a good life and treated fairly well, it's not like how it is in this world.

Men here act almost like fools for their daughters. Look at Noemi's father; he can do anything for his daughter as long as it is legal and reasonable.

I also want to feel that!

I also want a cute little daughter!

"Where did you get hurt? Let me see." She leaned towards me and touched my head looking for any possible bruises.

"I don't see any bump or scar. It must be some disorder." She nodded to herself as if she was satisfied with her conclusion. "I'll not take your nonsense to heart then."

"I mean it. I want a daughter, a son will do too but after we have a daughter, we can have our second son. Let's make them." I made a tight fist to show how serious I am.

"I don't want to." She glanced at me briefly and said nonchalantly.

"Why not?"

"Why should I?"

"Because we are together and will be together in future too."

"So?"

"So it is better to have more branches on our tree."

"Our tree? I am not part of your tree nor are you a part of mine. How can we have branches, fruits and flowers together? Don't daydream and go practice on you barbeque skills." I was disappointed at first when I heard her but the next moment I read between the lines and understood what she meant.

The more I thought about what she said, the more I understood the meaning behind her words.

What she said is true. Now I know what I need to do.

"I understand. Then we will become one tree then. Don't worry, I'll make it happen immediately." I hopped happily and hugged her tightly.

After spending two minutes in kissing her, I rubbed my hands enthusiastically to practice my barbeque skills.

"Ey, what do you understand? I did not mean anything else. Stop right there and tell me what nonsense did you understand." With a dreamy smile, I gave her a I-will-not-disappoint-you smile.

"What's with the look and smile? I did not mean anything otherwise."

"Eblilis, I know what you meant. Thank you so much. I will never disappoint you."

"I did not!" She tried so hard to pretend and I almost believed it but now that I know she always means yes when she said no, I'm relieved.

"Trust me, I know what you mean. With how much I understand you now, should we even exchange words between us? Just a simple glance from you tells me stories. Stories, I tell you." Unable to contain my joy and excitement, I left the barbequing for later and went to make few secret calls first.

After asking her not to follow me, I chose a secret corner to make those important calls.

"Majesty, you can't be missing us right?" Eelk has lost it.

"Not at all. I sent you few messages, look at them and get back to me. Now let me talk to Igses." If only Igses has a personal phone too.

But Eblilis is completely against him having a personal phone until he reaches high school. She wants her son to be active on sports field rather than coop up in a corner of house with phone glued to his face.

"Yes, Majesty." A minute later, I heard soft footsteps followed by a childish arrogance on the phone.

"Isn't it the Majesty who kidnapped my mamma to have a camping trip alone?" Through the arrogant cute tone, I can clearly hear mirth from it.

He is laughing at me and I don't have to bet my head to confirm the reason about it.

The pictures!

"I did it partly for you. My dear son, do you want a sister?" I slowly released the bait.

"Sister? A little cute bunny like baby that needs my love and protection?"

"Yes."

"The little tail that follows me everywhere calling me 'brother'?"

"Yes."

"The little Xerox machine that copies everything I do?"

"Naturally."

"The adorable small girl that I can teach everything I know and play with?"

"Exactly!"

"Of course, I want a sister. Are you kidnapping a sister for me?" Does he think of his father as a trafficker?

What place do I have in his heart?

"She will come from your mamma like how you came out. A blood related sister, not the one who tags a criminal record on our family." Sometimes, I cannot understand what goes on in this little guy's mind.

"Then when you reproduce?" Hmm? Although what meant was right, why does it sound weird?

"You mamma wants to marry me first before your sister came out." I finally broke the news out to the first person who needs to give the consent.

"Mamma... said this herself?" The pure doubt in his tone is huge dent on my ego.

Does my little son have no confidence on his father's flirting, chasing and wooing talent?

"Yes. She herself told me that she will not have another child with me until we are bound together as one tree. What does it mean; it means a 'yes' to an unspoken confession. She did not even give me a chance to give her a grand proposal." I shared the good news with my son happily.

"Why do I feel like you are over thinking over what mamma said?"

"Do you think you know your mamma more than I do? Your mamma is right now completely blinded for me. She might scold me a lot but it is all out of love. Trust me and do something for me."

"Alright, what do you want me to help you with?"

"Aren't we coming back by tomorrow evening, help me prepare a wedding venue for me and your mamma. I will directly propose her with a wedding ring. I calculated and found out that tomorrow, the whole day is auspicious for any celebrations. What are your thoughts, son."

"I can make the arrangements for you, but what if at the nick of the moment, mamma tells you that you misunderstand her meaning?" How can there be any misunderstanding?

I could clearly hear her urge to change her family name to mine.

"'I am not part of your tree nor are you a part of mine. How can we have branches, fruits and flowers together?' This is what she said. Doesn't it mean, she wants to be in my family tree before having branches, fruits and flowers?"

"It does seem like she agreed but it also feels like it's a common comment. Alright, let's bet our money on your intuition then. Dad, leave the wedding and proposal preparations to me. I will make it beautiful." Now that's like the son I gave birth to.

"I can only entrust the job to you. Order around your uncle Eelk and others to get things done." I gave the important job of my life to my dear son.

I can only be reassured if he does this task.

"Leave it to me. I and Noemi will be the planners to this wedding." Even in such a prominent task, he will not leave his friend out of it,

No wonder both of them have such deep friendship.

Anyways, with my son in charge of preparations, I can rest assured and continue swooning his mother.

By tomorrow night, Eblilis will be a part of my tree as she wished!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

From which angle did Tzalmon pull out the conclusion that Acacia is dying to marry him?

He actually want to give her surprise wedding? What is wrong with his brain?

How did he assume that Acacia proposed a marriage by her normal comment?

Did she really? Or was it his misunderstanding?

Igses interest in having a sister is strongly pushing him to help his dad. Do you think he is cute?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 168
**Acacia Point of View**

The most powerful corner of my female instincts tells me that something unnecessary is going to happen.

And it is somehow related to me!

And it somehow involves Jerk!

And it somehow has to do with our earlier bickering!

I've asked him several times what the heck is he up to but the only answer I got was that it was something I wish so much to happen.

There is something like that? How come even I don't know about it?

"Stop wiggling like a worm. Come, come into my arms, I'll pat you to sleep." Although he made it sound casual, sincere and serious, I bet all my money on it that I could easy detect mirth in his voice.

He is laughing at me!

Stupid Jerk!

Donkey Jerk!

Wolf-ish Jerk!

Worm-ish Jerk!

I turned to him and saw him lying closer to me than usual. He has his hands spread as if expecting me to squirm into his arms happily.

This man can daydream even at night.

"No thanks. Why don't you sleep in your corner and leave me on mine? I'm wiggling on my corner, how did I disturb you?" Seeing the very happy smile on his face, I was almost chilled.

His smile carried so much of auspiciousness that I felt as if watching burst of firecrackers on a dark night just on the visible parts of his exposed teeth.

What the hell is he so happy about?

"I'm not disturbed. With you, not even a hand distance away, lying right beside me, on a starry moony night; what hot blooded man who is in love can be not distracted?" I scrunched my nose in distaste at his sudden poetic self.

It almost feels like a beast cat-walking on a runway.

Before I shun him off again, he squirmed towards me just like a worm he called me before and took me in his embrace. He did not even give me time to think about his sudden actions when he buried my face into his neck and really patted me on my back gently.

I struggled to get out of his arms when I got back to my senses but how can my puny strength account for his monstrous one?

So I could only concede. Before I could nag my complains, I felt my eyes getting heavy and without knowing, I felt into deep slumber.

I don't want to admit it out but his patting worked miraculously.

The next day before I woke up, everything was packed well and ready to move at any time. Normally, the camping time will end by evening today but Jerk decided unanimously without even asking me that we will leave in the morning after having light breakfast.

And I'm sure again that something is happening behind my back.

He is acting as if his butt is on an oven.

I calmly brushed my teeth, all the while observing him from sidelines like a hawk that has recently corrected her sight to a next level.

"Toast and cereals is better for you since we will be driving for more than hour now." He already prepared our breakfast already with the same festive smile as last night.

I glanced at the tray and noted that he is having the same food as me despite the fact that he doesn't have any early morning car sickness like me.

For some reason, call me a psycho, but I felt good that he is eating the same light tasted food as me.

"Why can't we leave in the evening?" I knew he would never give me the answer, yet I asked hoping that he could be somewhat loose-tongued.

"Didn't I tell you that I prepared to complete one of your passionate wishes? Eat well; the day will be long and tiring for you." This again!

What passionate wish of mine did he discover?

How come I don't know I have one that he could fulfill it?

"Jerk, let me tell you; if you did something I did not -"

"Don't worry. After all these months of us together, do you think I don't know what is going inside that head of yours?"

"No." I ignored him cutting off when I was talking and answered honestly.

This Jerk seems a lot different from what he was in the past. He is sillier, foolish, carefree and more... annoying now than before.

And I know for sure that he has become completely imaginative over the past few months. My only worry is that his imagination and creativity will put me on spot.

"No matter what, I cannot compete with you when it comes to satirizing. You are so spontaneously funny." He laughed out happily as he rubbed my hair.

Half of the reason for my recent increase in hair fall is all because of him. If he wants to rub my hair in an adoring manner, he should at least learn the right way.

He is rubbing it as if he is rubbing off wheat from the crop.

After slapping his hand away from my head, I continued to swallow my breakfast. Once done, I helped him pack the remaining things that we used for breakfast and got in the van to ride back home.

I stole glances at him every now and then only to find him grinning and sometimes posing some convenient dance moves while driving.

If I didn't know clearly, I would've thought he lost his nuts recently.

"Stop grinning like that, it's hurting my eyes." I grumbled. It's too much to take in when the person beside you is being like that for straight half an hour.

"As you command, sweetheart." He pulled back his super large smile and put on a calm, serene and a decent face. However, his eyes are brimming with joy, more now than a minute before.

"Don't smile inside your eyes too."

"As you command, sweetheart." And he pulled back the light in his eyes too as he put on a calm and simple not of smile in them.

This pet dog-ish behavior of his is simply baffling. Now, I'm even more worried of what he secretly planned for me.

When I'm still battling with myself inside my mind, we finally arrived at the ranch. As we stepped out, the staff automatically took care of our luggage while Jerk took my hand and led me inside.

"Congratulations, sir/ma'am."

"Congratulations, Mr. Ebernus and Ms. Winters."

"Congratulations..."

"Congratulations to..." Along the way from the front gate to the house, the staff kept on congratulating the both of us for the reason I don't know.

"Why are they congratulating us?"

"You will know soon. Come with me." He pulled me towards my bedroom in the ranch house where my mom, my girl friends and Noemi's mom are already waiting for me with a smile.

Looking at their bright smiles and excited gazes, I suddenly have a premonition.

"What is going on?" I asked but no one answered me.

In a matter of fraction of seconds, Jerk was pushed out of the room and I was pulled inside. They did not even give me a chance to make a sound when they dumped in a petals filled bathtub.

They did not even let me know what is happening when they wrapped me in a gorgeous peach-ish white long gown and did my makeup.

My hair was done in an elegant and stylish updo, my makeup was natural and my dress is simple so gorgeous that I cannot take my eyes off from myself in the mirror.

I almost mistook the dress to be a wedding dress!

By now, I'm pretty sure that Jerk is planning to propose and confess his feelings to me and has prepared some sort of surprise for it.

Although I think the time is not yet right and he is pretty quick in making this decision, I'm not completely unhappy.

Well, it's not a bad thing to give the Jerk a chance to be engaged with me.

Now that he decided to stay in my world and did not want to impose his decisions on me, it's not bad to consider a favorable answer for his proposal.

Also, seeing that even my family is giving off positive vibes, maybe I can give him an engagement.

"You are done, don't leave your room until you are called out, okay?" Mom ordered me and rushed out of the room along with other, leaving me alone.

I checked my phone and received no message from those close to me hinting me anything about this sudden proposal.

I opened the group chat, and there was no discussion about the current situation. I texted one the most honest members of my family, dad, asking about the situation.

However, my messages went unread.

All my messages, sent to many, went unread.

It's just a proposal, should they act as if I'm going to get the best surprise of my life?

Did they think I cannot even guess the simple thing after everyone running about so much?

With a huff, I waited for someone to call me out and soon Igses indeed came in, dressed in a three piece suit.

"Let's go, mamma, the auspicious time is here." He took my hand and lead me towards the spacious grassland area with a stream where I like to spend time.

The whole place is decorated aesthetically, beautifully like a wedding altar with an aisle and chairs on either side.

There a small dais in the front where Jerk is waiting on it dressed exactly like Igses.

At the aisle, Igses left my hand and soon both my arms are held by dad on one side and Liam on the other side.

By now, I'm completely blank at what I'm looking at.

Why is this proposal so unique?

It almost feels like being married off!

By the time I was out of my thoughts, dad and Liam gave both my hands into Jerk and warned him to take good care of me.

"Dad? Liam?"

"We will always have your back even after the change in your surname, dear. Trust me." Dad patted my shoulder with moist eyes expressing how glad he is.

Change in the surname?

I looked around the place once more and my mouth opened in a gasp.

Don't tell me this isn't just a proposal...

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Do you think this wedding is happening too fast?

Or do you think this is happening too slow?

Actually, I don't to drag anymore of this romance period and lag it. Since Acacia has forgiven him and is now very much comfortable with him and since Tzalmon is now a reformed man, I thought, why drag it.

Do you guys understand my decision?

Will this wedding really happen? Or will Acacia stop it?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 169
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"A-are you - we - getting... married?" She pulled my sleeve and whispered in my ear.

Well, of course we are!

She really knows how to ask obvious in such a muddled way. That's a talent as well!

"Are you surprised?" I whispered back with a grin. "You did not believe that I would take your hint right? You thought I will not think deeply over your words so you intentionally expressed your wishes right?"

When it comes to seeing through others intentions and being perspective of hidden thoughts, Eblilis is still far behind me.

Did she think I will not be able to find out that she was looking to get married to me?

"Wishes? What wishes?" The pastor is making the speech and since everyone's attention was over there, I and Eblilis are now able to have a small conversation about my surprise.

Looks like she is absolutely surprised!

"Your wish to be in my family tree of course. Don't worry, I heard what you said the other day and also heard what you did not say." I said proudly and pinched her hand lightly out of pure excitement.

"When the hell did I say - oh!" She gasped as if she suddenly realized something important. "You foolish jerk, you did not even understand correctly what I said; forget about what I did not."

"Hmm? Then did you want to get married silently without any audience? That cannot happen. Let me tell you, your family only started to accept me recently; if I took you to get married without their permission, they will - I cannot even imagine what they might do and to what length they will go."

Hearing me, she suddenly turned towards her parents and brother who are listening to what the pastor is tell with huge smiles on their glowing faces.

Looking at that, she almost gave the most constipated look I ever saw.

Okay, what is wrong with her?

"People usually give surprise greeting, surprise confessions and surprise proposals; I'm getting a surprise wedding, say, what should do with you?" If I hear closely, I could tell she is grinding her teeth hard.

Don't tell me she is not really to marry me?

Didn't she clearly say she wanted to a day ago? Now she looks like something is wrong with everything.

Women!

Even they don't know what exactly they want.

"Umm, out of bed or on bed? I do have some interesting ideas for the latter, but don't know if your tastes and my tastes are similar." I decided to not think about nonsense theories and tease her instead.

She clearly hinted her desire to share my surname and I caught it aptly. Period.

One glare at me and I know again why I like her eyes so much. They are so expressive and so lively. One can tell what is going on in my mind through such animated windows called eyes.

"Jerk, I did not mean that when I said those word-"

"Now we shall proceed with vows. Groom will go first." Pastor announced over loud speakers, cutting what Eblilis was saying.

Alright, here we go.

No matter what she thought and what she didn't, now is my chance to truly express myself and make her not regret any of her decisions.

With a gently and affectionate smile that came from my heart, I turned towards her, facing her, I took her hand in mine and got on my knee.

Since I couldn't give her a deserved proposal, I will give her deserved vows.

"Acacia Dawn Winters, a lot happened between us since we first met. I've been thoughtless and inconsiderate towards you in the beginning and did a lot of foolish things intentionally or unintentionally. Despite everything, you were, are and will the only person who has the power to change me for a better man. You actually gave me a great culture shock with all your personality but I now know that the same personality of yours is what I love. I truly started to understand more about feelings, how to be considerate towards others from you; because of you. Eblilis, I might not be best man out there, but I will definitely be the right piece of puzzle of you." I said without taking breathing break.

Then with a huge inhale of anticipation and fear, I looked into her eyes, which were already looking at me, albeit softly, and continued.

"I promise on heavens and all the Gods that I will be loyal to you. I promise to never repeat my mistakes again. I promise to put you first in everything I think and do. I promise I will love you wholeheartedly and if not, I will be eternally damned to hell. I will be there with you, by your side, through thick and thin, sick or healthy, rich or poor, young or old. I promise that although I will be the head of our family, you will be the ruling government in our house. I love you so much, will love you in the future and will always keep you in my heart. You will not just be a queen in name but also in right and authority."

I sincerely said and meant every word I said because they, although came out from my mouth, were actually pushed out from my heart.

I don't know if it was real or just my illusion but I saw a silver of something shining fell from her right eye but when I squinted my eyes to look clearly, everything was normal except for her now softened gaze.

She is clearly happy but she doesn't even want to show it out.

Such a Tsundere!

All those anime I watched usually showed tsundere men, look at my women, she beats the stereotype.

"Wonderful, how heartwarming! Bride shall go next." Ah, is this pastor alright?

Why is he getting so emotional? The one who should be the one to get emotional in the first place is still giving me a hard-to-get gaze.

Heh! My life is so hard!

Eblilis heard and jerked out of her trance. I slowly stood up and looked at her with wide grin spreading from one ear to another.

She first looked around, looked at her parents, looked at her brother, looked at her friends and relatives and lastly looked at our son; all giving her encouraging nods and supportive smiles so she hesitantly shifted on her feet for a while.

"Hey, you don't have to get on you knee. I will get on my knee on your behalf, how about that?" Without any hesitation I got my knee again.

She snorted and said, "Who wants to get on a knee? Are you taking classes for your growing imagination?"

"What a harmonious and lovely couple. How romantic!" This officiator seems to be a little off.

"Ms. Winters, your vows please." The officiator reminded her in an awe filled tone.

Eblilis, hearing his words, looked around briefly again, fell in a minute of her own thoughts, then sighed audibly before finally opening her mouth.

"Jerk -"

"Tzalmon Saccius Ebernus," She stopped what she was saying and changed to address me by my name.

To be honest, I don't mind if she calls me Jerk also. After hearing her call me that for a few years now, it kind of have a different feeling of attachment to it.

"I'm neither a blunt person nor do I mince my words. So let me tell you that if you don't follow any of the promises you made, I will not take it lightly. I'm not perfect, I might make mistakes, I might misunderstand but I hope for your understanding. I wish we can talk out everything in future because I believe there is nothing that people cannot achieve with proper communication. When it concerns us, our family, I will not lie or hide anything from you and except the same from you. I will be loyal, accompany you through thick and thin, sick or healthy, rich or poor, young or old. I promise our family is under good government. I - ahem - also accept your love reluctantly then." An absolute tsundere!

However, the light smile on her face, little spark in her eyes and red color on her cheeks spoke volumes.

I even heard a few people from audience chuckling after they heard her. Even her parents looked so proud of her after they heard her speech.

I now know clearly where her personality came from.

"Thank you so much, love. I will not disappoint you." I assured her eagerly, pouring my love into every letter, every word.

"Match made in heaven!" There the officiator goes again.

Tell me, is he so excited and emotional in every wedding her officiates or is this a special case? Or are all officiators like this?

I seriously want to know since this wedding style is new to me.

"Acacia Dawn Winter, do you take -"

"Wait, mamma, papa, what about your promise to give me a little sister? Put that on the list too." Son, is it the time for interruption?

Nevertheless, I complied and promised to give brother and sister to him to which Eblilis thankfully did not agree nor disagree.

Her silence again spoke volumes.

"Acacia Dawn Winters, do you take, Tzalmon Saccius Ebernus as your rightful husband ..."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

You thoughts on Tzalmon's vows?

Your thoughts on Acacia's vows?

Is Acacia really a tsundere type? Who agree and who don't?

Why is the officiator so funny and emotional at the same time?

Finally they got married! Yay!

Although Acacia, don't say it, Tzalmon has some weight in Acacia's heart. Right?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 170
**Acacia Point of View**

I'm married.

I'm actually married.

And married in such a way that even I'm doubting if it is real or just a dream.

But whenever I look at that self-satisfied grin on his face that he is currently having right now, all my doubts are washed away.

This is real!

I really got married to Jerk and now, he is looking at me like a predatory ready to devour its prey.

From the corner of my eyes, I saw him coming close to me and I tried very hard to ignore him and act normal.

But damn, it must be the whole ambiance of 'wedding night' is fishy that it's making me rather... jumpy.

The wedding night room, which is actually his bedroom in the ranch house, is decorated with small dim lights, giving off romantic light. Where ever eyes go, they are met with beautiful fragrant flowers arranged in such a way that you would get hazy with desire.

And the bed that was in the middle of the room, the moment I saw it, the moment I saw how it was filled with flower petals and some aromatic leaves, I knew he is quite determined to have me tonight.

Not to mention how he has been behaving like a stalking lion from the moment we entered the room.

"Huff." I felt hot breath beside my ear and my hands which were busy fiddling with each other are now holding my dress tightly in fist.

He inhaled deeply and grunted groggily. "You smell divine, sweetheart." Saying, he proceeded to slowly trail his nose lightly against my ear.

"I'm sure you will taste better." His voice came out with a rasp, almost causing my legs to go week.

Usually, I'm kind of levelheaded and I know that. But that is in normal cases. But now, I don't know if it has to the atmosphere around or the person beside me or his words or his actions or the problem was something inside me; I have no words to speak out.

I'm totally rendered mute at this moment.

Something wet touched my earlobe and I knew I was done for. The strength I had, that I was using to stay still on my legs suddenly left me and like a puddle of water, I nearly fell down if not for the arm wrapped around my waist holding me still.

"Don-t -" It came out as a gasp and before I could say anything further, his tongue that is currently playing with my earlobe started to move towards the back of my ear.

A shiver left my body and by god, when he touched the sensitive spot behind my ear, my soul left my body.

It was so sensually out of the body experience for me.

He has kissed me before several times but now, it was something too raw. Kissing was definitely different from being licked and it is only today that I realized that both have different styles of indulging factors.

He hummed blearily when he licked a certain spot near my ear and then bite there. He is being so slow and deliberate with actions that it is making me hazy.

My mind was buzzing but there were no thoughts at all. My heart is pounding and a certain kind of heat which has nothing to do with the climate is swirling inside me.

My hands that was fisting the sides of my dress tightly, tightened even more when he pulled the pins in my bun and my hair fell over my shoulders like waves of waterfall.

"So beautiful." His hand snaked to my nape as he pulled me closer to take a better look; so closer that even our breaths are intermingled.

"I - I know." Not knowing what to say and how to respond, I just mindlessly agreed to his comment.

I thought he would laugh or at least smile at my response. However, his eyes only darkened even more when he looked at every inch of me with a scorching gaze.

His lips crashed on mine and this kiss was completely different from before. It was slow, sensual, passionate yet much more raw at the same time.

His tongue licked the corner of lips slowly as if he is drawing some sort of art. While his lips sucked mine, his tongue slowly reached to breach my lips. Slowly but skillfully, his tongue made it's way into my mouth and like a whip that came to life, he lashed it all in my mouth.

Gosh, it was so mind-numbing!

I moaned loudly followed by his which sounded more animalistic than mine. It's more like he roared in pleasure.

While his mouth, his tongue kept me occupied, his hand slowly started feeling up my body. First it was his fingers that lightly trailed over my arms, then over my neck proceeding to the sides but now, he is fondling me.

His lips and hands got impatient at the same time. While lips are making a whole new level of love to my mouth, his hand which is not holding me tightly by my waist is making its way towards my chest.

And once it reached its destination, the palm caught hold of one of the flesh balloons and squeezed it.

My eyes which were closed until now shot open like a bowl of cold water was poured on me. I moved my hands towards the hand that is misbehaving, hoping to take it away from there but just as I tried to push it away, his arm that was wrapped until now caught both my hands and pinned them behind my back.

As if proving a point to me, he carefully but intentionally squeezed my parts again proceeding to pinch the pink bubble that was covered by my clothes.

"What are you - my god - what - " I gasped when he started to lick the path from my mouth to my neck down to my shoulder and collarbone.

The feeling was out of the world.

A charge of electricity went through my body as I shivered again and again in his arms. It was not just kissing my skin, not sucking it but it felt like he is tasting some kind of delicacy.

It truly felt like I am his food and he is my devourer.

"So f**king eternal." He growled. His hand that was pinning both of my hands behind me left them and reached towards the zip of my dress.

Without any hesitation or wasting any time, he pulled it down and immediately, my dress fell from my body and pooled around my legs.

For a moment, he inched back a little and looked at me, now half naked, as his chest rumbled greatly.

He guided one of my legs around his waist and picked me up with a kind of suction force. For fear of falling down, I wrapped my other leg too around his waist and hands around his neck as I held him tightly.

My eyes when found his went dark with desire and his, darker. I don't know what I want and don't anymore because the heat around us is building up with every passing second, creating a halo of passion, desire and love around us.

By the time he laid me slowly on the soft bed, my bra was already gone and I didn't even know how he did it.

But what was more astonishing is with a flick of his fingers, all his clothes are gone, leaving him completely naked in from me.

The red on my face turned darker shade just at the sight of him and his -

I blinked and looked everywhere but him because I know the moment I look at his smooth, well built and hard body, I might go pounce on him like a hungry beast.

"Look at me, love." He held my chin and turned my head towards him. "Do you want to touch me, Eblilis?" His hand caught mine as he slowly guided my hand towards his chest.

"N-no." I stammered because the moment my hand came in contact with his skin, butterflies went rampant inside my stomach.

It was my first time being naked before a man and seeing a completely naked man.

Right now, everything about me, inside me and with me is just going crazy.

"Liar." He chuckled darkly. "Touch me, love. This is all yours after all." He came down and towered me, still guiding my hand to feel him up.

At the same time, his lower body, which I'm trying my hard not to look at, is rubbing against mine.

Even through the little thin cloth of my underwear, I felt the desire for his hanging jewels. Something inside my stomach turned over and a lot of stickiness dripped out of my vagina.

My body went anxious and impatient and without knowing, I arched forward to rub myself against him. He went down and kissed my ankle while one of his hands is still fussing about with my only clothed part.

Slowly, he kissed up his way and when he was close to there, he tore off my underwear and bit me there gently. This caused me to shout out loudly.

My, what the hell was that?

He chuckled and continued to create the momentum for both of us. There was no inch on my body that wasn't touched, not an inch that wasn't kiss, not a cell that wasn't sucked by him.

He played, fondled me with his whole heart and the whole abundance of feelings and tingles drove me insane.

He literally, by all means, truly devoured me in all sense.

When the momentum has reached its peak, his thrusts were domineering yet gentle, passionate, full of love and completely mind-blowing.

And when we both came together finally, only one thought was buzzing in my mind -

So this is what making love is!

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

So, I'm not really talented in writing sexual content so I tried to make it both romantic and humble at the same time.

What do you think? Did you feel butterflies while reading this ###chapter?

Tzalmon sure knows how to create atmosphere for both of them. You agree?

He was like a starved beast tonight, you agree?

Poor Acacia, her husband did not even give her time to come in terms with the fact that they were married before he occupied her completely.

But then again, Acacia was willing, you don't think so?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love 

Lady Prim**


###chapter 171
**Tzalmon Point of View**

Have you ever felt little specks of grey hair turning to black naturally?

That sounds nonsensical right?

But it happened to me. Not literally, as I have a tuff of good dark hair, but the feeling is along the line.

Making love to Eblilis was an experience that cannot be forgotten no matter what. The pleasure, the relief, the satisfaction I felt was indescribable.

It was so satisfying that all the pressure that was built up in my mind and heart all these years, all these centuries, puffed out like steam.

Never have I felt so rejuvenated before. But what is more memorable was the damn beauty of hers.

Saying she was eternal was a huge understatement. If her beauty with clothes on can be compared to primitive fairyland, then without clothes, she is -

Umm, I don't know how to compare it no matter what.

Just that, she made me lose my mind just with a single thought of hers.

The desire, the passion, the possessiveness that she rouse inside me for her was uncontrolled. Even after going through four rounds of intensive exercise of love making the whole night, my manhood is still standing up, even in sleep.

Damn, I feel like a ring, or a thread, or a tuff of hair, wrapped around her fingers that she could play around with.

I felt slight movement from beside and slowly turned to look at the love of my life waking up, still in a hazy manner.

"Good morning, Eblilis." Placing a kiss on her cheek, I snuggled close to her.

"Good mor-" She stopped herself and then looked at me in a muddled manner, then looked around the room, then looked at herself, then looked at me again and then looked at herself again before scoffing at me.

"Don't think that just because we - well, just because of that, you won. You actually dare to marry me without a formal proposal. I did not settle that score with you yet, before that you even made your most powerful move." Ah, there is the Eblilis I know.

I was wondering why she was so cooperative last night. Seems like my handsomeness, my sexiness and the whole me intimately close to her made her only look at the love she has for me for a short period.

This also says I have enough skills to make her lose her mind for me. What can I say, I'm that capable.

"Umm, I still want to make another powerful move before we wash up. Eblilis, you are not too tired right?" Pushing the covers off me I towered her and started to kiss her face, all the while my fingers slowly found her entrance and invaded without any hesitation.

"Stop. Do you think I'm still muddled from your - your -"

"My what? My looks?" I chuckled near her ear and bit it.

I don't know when I realized it but for some reason I have special fetish for her ears. Just the thought of them turns me on and whenever I look at her soft, smooth ears, I want to kiss them, lick then, suck them and just tease her however way possible.

"Dream on. Now move, you mountain. Gosh you are so heavy." Hands on my chest, he started to push me.

However, am I a fool not to see if she is using her full strength or not. I can easily tell she is only talking rough but she isn't even putting any effort to push me off her properly.

"That's right, I'm so heavy for you. How about you take the charge and get on me. You are like a feather; I don't need to worry about crushing under you. Come, let's try some new positions." I pulled her over me and caged her in my arms.

"Should we try acrobatic positions or yoga positions, should we go slow or fast? Eblilis, how about you decide and we find out together what we like the most and which position is most exciting?" I continued as I sat up slowly ending up with her on my lap.

Once the blanket fell from her body and there was nothing obstructing me and my eyes, a spark of extreme level of possessiveness and desire surged inside me.

Her legs are wrapped around my hips and our nether regions are plastered to each other, gosh the feeling of having skin to skin touch with her so intimately is driving me crazy.

"You leave me; it's already getting close to noon. I don't want to try anything with you." While she was saying, I pushed inside her with one powerful thrust, causing her to stop her rant and gasp in pleasure.

Her eyes immediately went dazed, filled with intense desire the same as mine, as she took me fully.

"We *thrust* cannot *thrust* forget *thrust*our *thrust* promise *thrust* to *thrust* Igses *thrust*, can *thrust*we *thrust*now?" I continued to plunge into her, plunder myself happily in to her womb.

An hour later, after managing to try out a couple of new positions, we finally showered, separately because she insisted and also because I know she is tired from all the love making.

Since it was our wedding night, the ranch house was left to accommodate us only while others moved to cabins for convenience purpose.

So when I and Eblilis got down to the living room, there was no one around. However, there was couple of cleaning staff in the lawn outside so I immediately ordered them to have kitchen staff bring some hearty brunch.

I especially ordered them to get some energy building food and fruits. "Don't cook anything; I already ordered the kitchen staff to bring some brunch." I said, kissing her cheek.

She diverted her gaze from her phone to me and then glared at me which I happily accepted with a grin. She put her phone aside and rolled her eyes, gesturing me to sit on the chair opposite to her.

"So, now that we have some free time, would you like to explain the surprise wedding you planned for me yesterday?"

"Didn't you want to get married to me? I fulfilled it faster than you thought." I said in a matter of fact tone.

"When did I ever say that?" Didn't she before?

"Of course you did. You said a lot about trees, branches and whatnot but I still figured out the hidden meaning behind your words. Eblilis, thank you for marrying me. I truly promise I will never let you down. Come, give your emotional husband a hug." I spread my hands, expecting her to run into them. But what did I get?

A glare of disbelief.

"You read too much into it. I never meant that. You Jerk, you did not even let me feel the pleasure of getting a proposal." Ah, so this is why she is angry.

She did not get a proper proposal! Other things, I conveniently ignored because there is nothing I can do about it since we already got married anyhow.

"Then I will give you a mind blowing pleasure of being proposed. Okay? Don't worry, we both, getting married is something that should happen sooner or later, it just happened sooner. I will abide by my vows and treat you with all my love and respect." After assuring her sincerely, I seriously put all my mind and heart into planning a proposal for her.

But the problem here is, I already confessed my love several times before, we already got married now, what should the proposal target?

For what reason should I give her a grand proposal?

'I love you to universe and back?' I already expressed myself before in many ways.

'Will you marry me?' We already got married.

'Let's have a child together?' What was last night then? We already put it into actions last night.

What should be the proposal for?

I know that a girl always looks up for something romantic from her partner. I was a little thoughtless to jump to wedding before proposing her properly.

Now that I think about it, I want to slap myself for being too impulsive.

I can understand her feel of lose. As every woman under the sky, she had some romantic expectations too which I forgot to consider.

Now that all roads are blocked, I feel so frustrated. I want to give her nice surprise with a good love proposal but there is no possible reason for it.

"Really?" She narrowed her eyes at me, a little expectantly.

I nodded but inwardly, I want to slap myself for it. "I promise, I will give you a nice surprise proposal." I felt like I was eating metal when I said those words.

It almost squeezed my heart when I looked into her slightly expectant eyes. So I just promised her. I just want to make her happy, make her smile and make her always mine.

The dream, however, is good.

But this surprise proposal, what should it be?

And for what purpose?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Tzalmon now feels like he has grown wings now. 

What do you think about the hard, raw romantic side of Tzalmon?

Your views on Acacia and her tsundere nature?

Poor Tzalmon, he picked up a rock and hit his own leg. Now, what kind of proposal he should give to Acacia to make her surprised, happy and feeling romantic?

Poor man, his just turned dark hair will turn to grey from the stress now.

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 172
**Acacia Point of View**

The whole complete event of getting married and consummating it passed by in a whizz.

I was only able to come back to my senses after having good filling brunch with Jerk. It was only after that, that I sat down for a moment and went on to remember and realize what all happened the other day and mostly the following night.

As they say, a full stomach with give you an active brain.

However, surprisingly enough, except for getting married in such a fashion without a proper proposal, I did not feel angry about having entered a marital relationship with him.

It was probably because I unknowingly became more accepting towards him or probably I too have some feelings for him that I'm trying to deny; nonetheless, I can be considered to be happy with the new ###chapter of my life.

I would never accept it but truth to be told, making love with him was one of the best things I ever experienced in my life.

He seriously has skills in that department. Not only is he crazily romantic with his words and caress, he is a devil when he is consumed with desire for me.

I'm not complaining it though!

After tumbling on bed with him for the first time, I realized such bed-ly battles with him are particularly amazing.

Sigh, I'm already twenty eight and I'm behaving like teenager!

"Mamma, mamma, I want pomegranate." And I was pulled out of my thoughts by my little man, who, currently is pulling on my sleeves to get the fruit.

"Alright. I'll prepare it for you in a moment." After nodding, he went of watch cartoon shows with Noemi in the living room.

After preparing fruit bowl for both the kids, I prepared some for mom and dad too and went to the cabin they are currently living in.

It was only after Igses took the chance to visit us two days after the wedding day that Jerk hesitantly let me out of the house. Otherwise that damn man only has brain full of sexual thoughts in him.

Every time we replenish our energy, he only has plans on trying out new positions and ways to make love. Although wonderful, it was so badly tiring.

Thanks to Igses who has been missing me for two days straight that he came to take his part of my attention back for himself. On the way, he also gave jerk a smug smile, silently telling him that he has had enough of his mamma's attention.

They had an hour full of quarrel with each other and my son came out as a victor in the end. Now that I have my hands full with Igses, Jerk went off to plan his so called surprise proposal.

Say, if I know there is going to a surprise, how is it a surprise?

Also, what kind of proposal can he give me now?

It is every girl's wish to experience something nice and amazing like being proposed by her boyfriend. Look at this Jerk, he directly went to marry me without fulfilling the before steps.

However, now that he took on a challenge to give me a proposal, even I want to see what he can come up with. Having him rack his brain and struggle to come up with appropriate ideas is not bad.

Some struggles are good for marital health.

"Cia, honey, what are you doing here? Come in." Just after knocking the cabin twice, mom opened it with pleasant surprise on her face.

I placed the tray on the table and sat on the small couch in the living room. "I made fruit bowl for the kids so brought some for both of you as well. Where's dad?"

She looked at the two fruit bowls before sitting beside me. "He is in shower. After Liam and his friends left for home yesterday, the cabin feels so empty."

"Right, Igses said that the university had some special projects introduced for students so they were notified to go back urgently. It's okay mom, aren't we going back too in a few days?"

"Hmm. Luckily, your cousins are coming for a visit after hearing about wedding. They will keep company by the time we go back." Huh?

Cousins are coming?

Now when did my cousins know about me and my wedding?

"You mean Uncle Oliver's three sons?" They clearly don't know of my existence and I intentionally asked mom and dad to keep it a secret; how come they know me now?

"Not just your uncle Oliver's kids but also your Uncle Levi's kids, your Aunt Luna's kids and your great-aunt's grandchildren too. I told them we are not in the town and will be back by the weekend. They will be waiting for us in Winters residence for us." She listed out.

Uh, okay! The whole batch is coming!

Why the hell are they coming over to Winters residence?

"Why? I'm sure they don't know about me right?"

"Now they do." Mom sighed again, this time, heavily.

"I don't understand, mom. What happened? Why do they know me now?" I asked, waiting for mom's to clarify it to me.

And it came as a shock!

"They remember." Anymore clarification is not required. Just those two words are enough to tell the whole sequence.

"They do?" I exclaimed. When I saw a particular glint of extreme familiarity in mom's eyes that wasn't there before to this extent of intimacy, I completely understood. "So do you all, right?"

"Hmm."

"When?"

"Right after your wedding ceremony. At first, I, your dad and Liam were bombarded by several flashes of memory almost blanking us for a long time. Liam was the one to recover first and then told us that it must be the original memories with you so we took time to calm down and recall everything properly. It took us some time to get out of that dizziness but when we did, all the three of us couldn't help but cry the whole night."

I know the feeling. It was one thing without memories and still accept me as a daughter and it is different when the original memories are added.

I know how broken and disappointed they must've felt.

"That whole night, we received several calls from our relatives asking is about the baffling situation. I, your dad and Liam spent the whole night explaining everything to them. It took them some time to believe in it but nonetheless they did. After all, the evidence is still running in their brain. They felt bad for you and expressed their feelings for the whole night. So once they all sorted out their own thoughts, they announced that they want to see you. One of the reasons Liam left for Tucson early is to receive and entertain them until we go back."

So my wedding with Jerk triggered the memories of everyone? That must be it. Didn't Lord Aubessee say before that even if Jerk doesn't have enough power to bring back the memories for the time period, there might still be other ways where fate plays its role in the right time?

This must be what he meant back then.

I almost forgot about the whole memories issue! If not for mom mentioning it, I wouldn't even think about it.

"With all the uncles, aunts and cousins coming, Liam will go mad managing them." A smile came over on my face when the thought of my relatives and especially the batch of my cousins appeared.

It's been so many years that I last saw them. Some of them must've already gotten married right?

Some younger ones should be in their university and school.

How long it has been when we all met and went on a movie or to an amusement park? Ah, I truly miss those days.

"If not for looking after Igses, I and your dad would've left early to welcome them too. These two days you were busy with your husband, that little boy missed you so much and complained how his father is taking away his mamma from him. My grandson was so cute when he was being jealous, you know."

I chuckled when I saw the adoring look on her face. These few days, Igses must've troubled them well. However, seeing how happy mom looks when she is talking about her grandson, no doubt she is loving the trouble.

"How - do you feel now? Dad and Liam, how do they feel?" After laughing for a while, I asked her hesitantly.

"At first, confused and extremely sad but later, nothing different. We knew the truth for a long time now and you've been with us for a few months now, when we got our memories of you back, the invisible little gap between us seems to be patched up. We are happy that we remember you in true sense now but to tell you, we loved you the same two days ago and love you the same today too. Your dad is especially grateful to have his memories back. You know how that old man is more partial and pampering towards you right?"

Partial, a little, I agree.

But pampering? When did dad pamper me? He's always the same to me and Liam.

"It's good then. Now that you all remember me, it feels like a huge rock is lifted from my heart. I'm happy, mom." I pulled her into a hug and with a few tears, I pushed all the bad things I experienced behind me.

After a very long time, my shoulders feel light!

They all remember me now, that's all I ask for.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Finally, the memories are back! Yay!

Everyone now remembers Acacia again!

Are you all happy for her? 

Acacia really know how to work up Tzalmon and worry him, right?

Now that the original memories of her are back, she feels burden-free. Your views?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 173
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"No wonder..." I nodded as I glanced at Aubessee thoughtfully.

"Indeed, it must be the effect of you both getting married." I believe so too.

Since I did not yet have power to bring back Eblilis existence in this world, it is undoubtedly the fruit of our marriage that everyone remembered her again.

But why should it be now?

Couldn't it wait for a month or so until we came out of our honeymoon mood?

We only enjoyed the bliss for two mere days and we are hurrying back to Tucson again. Why? Because her newly enlightened relatives are pressing to see her and express their familial love for each other.

I want to express my familial love to Eblilis. I also want to press her, albeit into something soft with me hovering over her.

"You are pouting, Majesty." I can clearly hear the amusement in his statement. I glared at Aubessee before pulling the magazine from the slot beside me.

I leaned forward and glanced towards Eblilis completely not reconciled with the current arrangement. This is my private jet, everything is arrangement by me; then, why am I sitting so far away from Eblilis while she is surrounded by everyone, chatting away happily.

We are already going back far before than calculated time and now; she is not even sitting beside me.

This is cruel!

Although the sudden trip back was a little unexpected but I was planning to sit with her and then fondle her, tickle her, kiss her and much more all the way back to Tucson. Look what I got in the end. Forget about even touching her, it is even hard to see her without craning my neck like a woodpecker, almost close to breaking it.

"Say, what is there to talk so much? They have been together before we left and have been together since the moment we stepped on plane but their blabber did not end at all. They kept going on and on, what exactly do these women talk so much about?" I nudged Aubessee, who was sitting beside me as I continued to look at the batch of women testing their super strength of their lungs.

This particular question has been annoying me for a very long time now. It's not just here but back in my realm as well, women who gathered together have a high capacity to talk for days without any break. What's more surprising is, even if they don't eat or drink enough, their excitement while chatting doesn't lessen at all. In fact, it only increased as time passed by.

"Nothing new happened these past few days so what exactly are they -" I continued, trying hard to guess.

I have a bunch of men sitting around me but I don't have anything much to talk to them. If there is, it would not take more than ten minutes to discuss no matter how grave the topic is.

"You've only gotten married four days ago; how will you know this already? I've been married for centuries now and I still have no answer for this." Aubessee said with defeated sigh and looked at looked at my father-in-law, who, nodded in agreement.

"I don't think mother-in-law is like that. I've never seen her so talkative before." I exclaimed and gave a doubtful gaze to father-in-law.

He scowled at me when he heard my words and scoffed sarcastically. "Do you think your mother-in-law is not a woman? I still remember this one severe case. There was once when Cia was only five years old, my family along with my close relatives went on a small summer trip. The women batch got together and chatted away so much that they didn't even remember to cook, clean or at least bath. It was good that Cia and Liam has some older cousins who played with them and helped them bath and change. All through the vacation, we, men had to do all the household work and take care of kids. I and my brother were once curious about what they might be talking so we sneakily heard from the door. The whole time of ten minutes we spent on hearing, they only talked about one single trope of one single topic."

All the men around us inched close and looked at my father-in-law with an interested gaze. I was intrigued by the story too. "What is it?"

What kind of topic can lead them to talk so much for so long?

Politics?

Pollutions?

Global warming?

Human trafficking?

Some other terrible social issues?

My father-in-law raised his head and met eyes with everyone and seeing that we are so focused, he snickered and said in a mocking manner. "Imitation jewelry."

Ah?

Imitation jewelry?

"Apparently, my brother's wife bought a nice set of imitation jewelry and only after using one time, the stones came out. What's worst is, the batch of women talked about this single topic for whole day, all telling about their experiences, simple tricks to maintain jewelry, the type of jewelry they have, the matching pattern they follow, etc., etc.,"

That's... unexpected!

What's wrong with them? What's there to talk it for whole day?

If you like it, buy it; if it's broken before warrantee period, then exchange it or get it fixed. If you have a matching pattern, then good for you; what is there to talk about it so much?

I mean, I too like collecting watches. But it only takes me maximum fifteen minutes to choose and purchase it. And the deal is done, there is no nonsense to talk over it with many for days.

"Didn't the other women know how to maintain jewelry that they have to talk so much?" Eelk asked exactly what I and other recently married or unmarried men want to ask.

However, the one who answered is not father-in-law or Aubessee but Noemi's father. "They do but they still like to discuss about it with others. There's this kind of pleasure they get when they find that their tastes matches with others or if there's a trick that only they know and others don't. Mr. Eelk I've known Acacia and Aviva for quite some time now. They are my wife's good friend so let me tell you, you should absolutely not talk about hair accessories in front of Aviva. My wife once wanted to buy some hair accessories and asked Aviva to accompany her. They literally talked the whole Wikipedia about it for two days before they went out to actually purchase it. It was actually Aviva who introduced her to the abyss of hair accessories and she knows a lot about it."

I and Eelk went breathless after hearing his experience. There's something like that too?

"Guess what my wife bought then?" He asked, creating a mystery about it.

Aubessee and my father-in-law silently looked at us with a meaningful smile as if they know what Noemi's father is about to say.

"She must've bought few sacks of accessories. After such extensive research, it's possible for her to try out many things." Eelk answered confidently.

"Wrong." Noemi's father chuckled and gave us a lopsided smile. "She visited nearly thirteen shops that whole day and bought one hairband made of pearls and one butterfly style hairpin."

"What?" This time, even I gasped out in shock.

I don't think this family lacks money so why not just buy some more when she went out for whole day?

"Didn't she have money to buy more?" Gyles frowned and grumbled.

"Of course she does. Women, they like to see everything but when it comes to buying it, they only buy the most beautiful in their eyes or ones that are worthy of their money."

Unbelievable!

This is completely an eye opener to me.

"They also love to bargain. Before Noemi was born, I and my wife went to Africa for our honeymoon. There was this one market near the desert where many of their local products are sold. I don't remember what the item was but the seller said it costs nearly four hundred and fifty dirham. My wife asked him to give it for seventy dirham and when I heard the rate she proposed, I almost lost strength in my legs. I thought that the seller would gather people around to beat the hell out of us. I wanted to pulled her aside and tell her that the poor man should live too but before that, she successfully bargained and bought it for one hundred and twenty dirham. That day, I almost lost my marbles after seeing her bargaining power." Noemi's dad sighed in nostalgia.

No wonder father-in-law said the mother-in-law is in charge of all the money in his house. This is why...

How frightening!

It never crossed my mind to bargain the cost of anything I bought. I did not even see any other men bargain too when I went out to buy something.

No matter how expensive or inexpensive it was I bought it without a grunt.

"Mr. Ebernus, didn't you take your wife on a shopping spree before? You are missing out a lot of life lessons if you haven't." Noemi's dad patted my shoulder and expressed how much I'm missing out.

We did go out on shopping a couple of times but I did not find Eblilis like that.

Maybe, Eblilis is not like other women.

Yes, maybe Eblilis is straightforward and generous with her purchases.

And how wrong I was in thinking this, I understood clearly two days later.

I never thought that in the next two days, my whole opinion on women's glory and power will be changed completely.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

They are going back to their home! Yay!

Acacia's family and cousins are waiting for her to return. What will Tzalmon had to go through now?

Tzalmon entered the new world of women's unpredictable behavior. 

Tzalmon is under culture shock when he learnt about women's gossip strength and bargaining power. 

Do you know any woman who is not like this?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 174
**Acacia Point of View**

"One can never judge a book by its cover." I heard a steady flow of sarcasm from Jerk's words.

I would've retorted him back or glared at him for looking at my cousins as if he is touring zoo and speaking like that if not for my own feelings resemble his.

This particular set of my cousins are too... strange.

And no matter how awkward I feel to accept, it is the truth.

"Who are those words referred to?" I whispered back, making sure no one was near us.

"Is there a need to single out one" He scoffed, rubbing his forehead, surely with increasing ache.

I smiled slightly and covered the rest of my energetic smile by pinching myself to be calm and steady.

"That's my cousins for you. Nonetheless, they are actually warm and affectionate."

"Ah, I can clearly see that of course." And there goes another session of mocking. But I'm offended; in fact, I chuckled lightly when I heard bitterness in his tone.

"Uncle Oliver was military commandant and his sons; Luther is Assistant chief of police, Troy and Andriel are serving in military. They assume a man according to their physical capabilities." I explained, trying all my will to conceal my smile.

I still cannot come out of the hilarious scene that happened just fifteen minutes ago. It was so funny that I felt stomachache from laughing quietly so much.

Jerk arched his head to the side with one of his brows touching the hairline, "You should've said that first. It feels good to know that reason behind being fondled by a few men for straight half an hour and almost stripped naked to prove that every muscle in my body is well maintained."

That made me recall the whole incident of how my three older cousins and Uncle touched Jerk to check his abs and strength. The look on Jerk's face was worth seeing.

Not only was it funny but it also some weird sort of satisfaction to me too.

If it was someone else or someone from his command of people, he would've beheaded them but now that they are part of my family and they are not really bad people, he could neither swallow it not puke it.

Watching him like that at that time was the best moment ever.

"Oh come on, they are from military background so their behavior is somewhat natural. You still had a good chat with Aunt Luna's kids' right? The twin cousins are polite to you." Aunt Luna has a set of twins, one boy and one girl, both my age with them being only one month younger to me.

"Don't even mention that. It was polite but too inappropriate and totally awkward." When I heard him grinding his teeth, I pouted.

How was it inappropriate?

"No it's not." I refuted strongly.

"That boy Aidan spoke about nothing but condoms and that girl Nadia is worse, she always talked about sanitary pads that women use. Who would talk to their cousin-in-law about those weird topics."

"Actually, the twins have a company of their own where Aidan is responsible for condoms business and Nadia is responsible for sanitary napkins. So they find excitement when they are talking about their own business and achievements. It's not bad for you to know a little about sanitary pads. You can at least buy me some in future when I need them." People, especially men, nowadays are not too particularly red when talking about pads.

In fact, I've seen a lot of brothers, boyfriends, husbands or even male friends help their respective women get the necessities when needed.

What's there to be so uncomfortable about?

"You don't mean it, do you?" He gasped softly and in reply, I only wiggled one of my brows.

"What about Uncle Levi's daughter then?"

"What about her?" I frowned. Why is he being displeased with a kid?

"She wants to test me."

"Okay..."

"Eblilis, she wants to conduct a surprise test for me." That's when I understood the implication in his words.

I burst out in laughter and couldn't help roll on the floor a few times because it was so damn funny.

While Uncle Levi's daughter, Ivy is not any different from an ordinary person, she is kind of special in her own way. Also, since she is the youngest of us all, we usually don't mind her sudden twists and turns of her attitude.

"Oh, I'm waiting for it, then." I said in the middle of laughs.

Jerk's face switched from happy smile to frown to happy smile to frown over and over before it settled on a scowl.

"Will she really conduct a surprise test on Physics and Mathematics for me?" I heard worry when he spoke.

Ivy is in first year high school and can be called a genius in Physics and Mathematics. She is too studious and is crazy about those two subjects.

Her way of understanding a person is through math and science. If the other person knows what she asks, then they are passable, or else...

Uncle Levi has always been worried about this girl because of her strange sense of judgment when it comes to people.

Still, despite of everything, I really want to see the question paper she provides for Jerk and his answer sheet.

If he was able to pass in the test then it is alright but what if Jerk fails miserably?

It would be a feast to eyes to watch my younger cousin give coaching classes on Physics and math to my husband just to make him worthy of me.

"Other things I don't know but when it comes to a test on those two subjects, she does to every new person added to the family. I have to give my best wishes and hope you pass with flying colors." I patted his shoulder and didn't dare to stay with him anymore for risk of laughing terribly until tears.

I walked back to the batch of relatives who are sitting in the living room and chatting happily with each other.

"Cia, I missed you so much!" Nadia walked over and hugged me tightly.

"Of course you did. And I missed you all as well." I hugged her back.

"I have to say, your husband is smothering hot." She whispered.

"He is alright." I said casually and chuckled. "How about we go out shopping tomorrow? I miss wandering on streets with you all."

Nadia nodded and when she proposed the same to my other cousins and cousin-in-laws, they agreed happily too.

I spend a little time answering all their questions about my life these past few years and only when it is dinner time did I quickly made a few simple dishes for Igses and put him to sleep.

He has school tomorrow so staying awake for long is not good. After he had his dinner, I, along with mom and aunts made dinner for everyone.

The Winters residence is big enough to accommodate everyone of my relatives and also because I will be living with Jerk and Igses in Jerk's mansion, It's enough space for everyone.

Grandaunt's family are yet to come, so when they did, some of them can go to the house I lived with Igses to stay there for the time of their vacation.

Dad and mom always liked for close family members to live in the house with us when they are visiting. Only when there is no enough space to accommodate everyone do they have them go to hotel.

It was quite late by the time I returned to Ebernus mansion, to our bedroom. But when I drowsily plopped on the bed, I realized that Jerk isn't here. I lazily pulled my body up and walked to his study to see if he is there.

And right I was. He is in his study, currently reading physics and math books. I pressed my lips tightly, and swallowed my grin back.

There on the large study table are two towering heaps of books on either corner. One was physics and one was math, both, the collection from primary school to post graduation.

Behind the table, Jerk has his spectacles on, reading four books simultaneous in a hurry.

"When is the test, by the way?" I asked as I looked at the books he was reading.

"Day after tomorrow, in the noon." He did not even lift his head to answer because he is too engrossed in studying.

A part of me was happy that he is making an effort to gain my cousin's approval no matter how difficult the method is.

I nodded and wanted to leave him to his means and go to sleep but a kind of sadistic bulb went off in my head.

I trailed my hand over his shoulder as it went over to his collar and slowly slipped inside his shirt. "Are you not coming to bed?" I whispered close to his ear, making sure my hot breath slowly hit his skin.

I bit his ear and kissed his cheek, waiting for his reaction.

His whole body went still and I clearly heard him taking deep breath. "Eblilis -" He groaned, the grip of his hand on the pen tightened.

"Hmm, the bed would be so cold without you. Come and warm the bed for me." I tempted him, knowing too well that he will not be able to satisfy this wish of mine.

He is too stubborn and wants to prove his knowledge to my younger cousin; which makes this even more fun to me.

From behind, I hugged him and kissed his chin and nuzzled into his neck. "You are naughty for doing this, love." He groaned and pulled me into his lap.

But before he could do anything, I pecked his lips and got out of his arms, putting some distance between us.

"In that case, you carry on with your work. I will go to sleep on the cold bed."

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

Acacia's relatives and cousins are here. Yay!

Acacia's cousins are so funny right?

Poor Tzalmon, he has to do the studying at this age now to prove his worth to a little girl.

Acacia is too much for tempting Tzalmon when he is studying. Agree?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 175
**Tzalmon Point of View**

I finally understood the true rhythm life while following a female on her shopping expedition.

And my, my, was it an experience.

There's drama.

There's adventure.

There's action.

There's also horror and comedy, however, on the male who followed along.

And there's headache!

Originally, I was supposed to prepare for my physics and math test and although I'm not happy about it, I still wanted to give it my best since the one who is testing me is my wife's family member.

Except, a group of familiar people almost knocked down my study room door early morning, asking me to tag along on their strolling business in the name of getting to know each other.

It was then I realized that Eblilis cousins are pretty tough to handle.

They didn't like to hear 'no'. They didn't like to see a negative shake of head. They did not like to smell any stink of refusal at all so I forced to go along with them.

Eblilis is also going so that's the only happy part of it. I had spent the whole night studying, so there are particular dark bags hanging under my eyes while my eyes are a little red and moist from lack of rest.

But did they care about it? No!

All they wanted was to form a good relationship with their cousin-in-law with supernatural abilities, who came from another world.

Ivy was still alright. She mostly loved to buy books but Nadia and Eblilis are true demons of purchases. The first shop we visited was a boutique. Nadia and Eblilis tried almost all clothes in the store, which by the way, are few hundred, and ended only buying one single top each.

We spent nearly three hours in the boutique and they only bought one item each, which is not even counted as a full set of clothing.

What unnerved me more was, both the women are satisfied with the design but not the color of the top which caused them to exchange their views on which color suits the most for over several minutes.

End result of the two tops bought: They are not truly satisfied.

After having some food in the nearby restaurant, we went to a certain accessories store that is labeled as the best in the city.

End result: In just half an hour of spending time in the store, Nadia bought seven handbags and Eblilis got herself five models of watches.

I first thought that they only buy what they like the most but seeing their purchases in accessories, I was puzzled.

But what made me almost go insane was their footwear purchases. They both each bought three pair of stilettos, two pairs of running shoes, six pairs of ballet shoes, six pairs of sandals, a pair of fashion boots and a pair of exclusively made footwear.

I ask, are they planning walk on their fours?

Why the hell do you need so much?

It's not like they lack money or I lack money but it's just that, I, the King of one of the most powerful supernatural race, own just four types of footwear and only replace them when they are no longer usable.

My brain ultimately short circuited when another realization bombed inside my mind.

Forming good relationship and knowing each other is all lies. They brought me along to carry their bags and walk behind them like a steward.

Okay. I'm happy to carry my wife's luggage because it is my duty, responsibility and love for her. Why should I carry her cousins'?

Worst part is, she did not even asked me nor did she thank me after pushing her luggage in my hands.

The reply she gave for that was, 'What is please, sorry and thank you among family members?'

Should I be happy to be acknowledged or frightened by their familial passion?

The amount of exhaustion I felt that day was incomparable. Not physically but mentally and emotionally, I was so done with my life.

Not only this' but there is another knife called proposal hanging over my neck. The hair on my head I shed these few days is more than what I shed in all my centuries of life.

Sigh! Life has become so complicated suddenly.

"Saccy, you are really good." Saccy?

I frowned at the young teen girl who casually gave me a absurd nickname and looked at the papers she placed before me.

"How much did he score? Is he eligible to become your cousin-in-law?" Mother-in-law walked to the table we were sitting on and took the papers from the desk before I could see how much I scored in the test.

I worked so hard these two days that I did not even eat and sleep well. This is the matter of my pride so I put in extra efforts hoping to get good marks in the test.

"Indeed he is good. I did not expect him to score so well." Really?

"Yeah, given his origin, I thought he would go for minus scoring. He proved me utterly wrong." Liam comment followed.

I am a genius man with good perspective skills. I have good foundation, good memory and a genius mind. How can you expect me to earn minus points?

This is truly underestimating the underestimation they have on me.

"So, what are my marks?" I asked, not wanting to listen to anymore of their commentary.

Mother-in-law gave me my test papers and saw there, with red ink, number ninety nine on it. Seeing the number, not to mention them, even I felt like I underestimated myself.

Ninety nine out of hundred?

I'm genius to this extent? I only studied for two days and I already achieved so much?

"Ivy darling, where did he lose that one point?" Eblilis walked over and asked as she scanned the answer paper.

Now I know how my son feels when his mamma is checking his homework or answer sheets.

This is truly nerve wrecking even for the one who scored the highest.

"It is deducted for handwriting. I'm sorry to say but Saccy, you have terrible handwriting. I say, you buy some handwriting copy books and practice on them." That is called calligraphy, okay?

These people have no sense of admiring beauty.

"What is wrong with my handwriting? Isn't it pretty?"

"If my dad is not a doctor and I've not seen doctors' handwriting, I would've thought that you are practicing ECG graphs on the paper." My mouth hung down when I heard those extremely nonsensical words.

"She is true actually." The hurt I felt until now was one thing but the hurt and anger I am feeling now after Aubessee's confirmation was totally out of the world.

I looked at the old man in disbelief when his eyes narrowed a little, silently telling me that his granddaughter's love of the life is Eblilis's best friend so he cannot help but agree to them.

Why do I suddenly feel so lonely even though I'm surrounded by so many people?

"By the way, Ivy, what is this 'Saccy' you call him?" Eblilis asked with interest.

"Isn't his name Tzalmon Saccy-something and Ebe-something? I just thought Saccy is easy to remember and call."

"Oh, sounds like quite a character to me. Saccy!" Eblilis giggled, giving Ivy a thumbs up for her creativity.

In the midst of everything, none of the people present consider my feelings at all.

There was once, a long time ago, when everything used to go according to my mood and wishes. No one could not even dare to look at me, much less laugh at me.

Look at now; in the name of familial love and intimacy, I'm even given nicknames and I have to swallow down my pride and accept it with a joyous smile.

Mortal world is so ruthless!

Nonetheless, I'm still happy to pass the test and finally be done with everything.

Now comes the headache of proposal!

I have been thinking and thinking so much about it from past several days but I still did not get any idea. I asked all my subordinates, friends, males members of the family but even they have no idea on what the proposal should be.

Some daring ones even scolded me for being impulsive for marrying without giving a proposal and promising a proposal after that without any idea.

Love and other vows I already gave them on the wedding day.

Should I just propose her to give me a second child? Since Igses was born in awkward situation at awkward time and since Eblilis was wronged greatly at that time, making up for it is better.

Why not prepare a nice fanfare event or date, drop down on one knee, with a necklace and locket with significant meaning, flowers and maybe some healthy nourishing things, in the end with a nice heart touching speech to convince her to have tens of children together.

Right, since I have no other way, doing this is best.

At least, the feelings of being wronged from before will be soothed.

Now that I think about it, this proposal might end all the remaining bitter feelings between us and will start a new fresh sweet ###chapter of our life.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Boring?

So the book will soon come to an end in a few ###chapter. Hope you enjoy them.

Tzalmon is totally a mortal-like now. Where is there the initial brooding emperor stance?

Now everything depends on his proposal. Will he succeed in it?

What do you think about his new nickname given by Ivy?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim
**

###chapter 176
**Acacia Point of View**

It's good to be back to my old life.

Gives me a sense of warm familiarity and importance that I've missed in these past six years!

Huh, life seems to be especially beautiful these days!

"What surprise did you plan again?" I asked, walking carefully as my eyes are closed by Jerk's hands.

"How did you know it's a surprise?"

"Really now? You have your hands on my eyes, walking me God know where, on top of that, your body is slightly shivering in excitement. There are only two options of what this might be; either you are taking me to a sacrificial alter or to give me a nice surprise." I mean, it's not hard to guess at all.

He has been working on this certain surprise from two weeks now. Although he tried to make it as much secret as possible, one cannot keep it completely a secret when they are living in the same house.

"It won't hurt you if you were a little less smart." He grumbled in annoyance.

Hey, what's there to be so annoyed about? If you want to give me a surprise, you have to make sure you do it right.

"Be careful, there are five steps in front of you." He guided me as he walked me somewhere.

"So is this the rightful proposal you said you would give me?" I somehow felt a kind of sadistic satisfaction to break his well prepared event slowly.

It feels so good to see him hop in frustration when I keep making correct guesses. It's an amazing feeling.

I waited for few moments but did not get any answer. However, I felt his body stiffen for a fraction of second before everything went back to normal.

"Ah, I must be right." In a low but easily audible voice, I continued to tease him.

I found out a little method to keep him on his toes these days. Jerk is a proud, arrogant and narcissistic man and to bend this man to will, I need to use simple harmless tricks than to make a big events.

"Eblilis - shut up." I almost could hear his teeth being powdered.

"Alright. Just for your reference, I'm not comfortable with riding anything airborne." As soon as my words fell, he slowly took away his hand from my eyes and went all pin drop silent.

When I opened my eyes, the first thing I saw in front of me was a helicopter decorated with flowers and whatnot like a new bride.

Turning around, behind me is a listless and almost lifeless Jerk probably thinking about his life decisions.

For a minute, I ignored him and looked around the place and one word that came to my mind is - Heavenly!

I was too engrossed in teasing him before so I did not give a thought of where he was taking me. Even though my eyes were closed, I could easily guess a few places by the feel of touch.

Nonetheless, I am actually, right now, totally blinded by what I'm seeing.

I'm standing in the middle of a colorful flower field, in a small pavilion where helicopter is standing. Except for the small cemented porch we are standing in, everywhere eyes meet is just flowers and beautiful, colorful, nicely arranged flowers.

"This is breathtaking!" I exclaimed with a chuckle.

I don't even know why I'm laughing but I can guess. I cannot think of a word to describe what I'm seeing right now.

The field of flowers are planted in rows, arranged in order by color and type; the whole place has mix of nice scents combined which can make a person calm down unconsciously.

By the time I finish admiring the field and turned towards Jerk, he was already glaring at me with a protruded mouth and chin.

"Only I know about the helicopter thing for today, how do you know?"

"Well, one, proposals in air has been in trend now and two, I only guessed and wanted to tell you beforehand that I'm uncomfortable with flying." I shrugged with a grin. "Alright, where is my surprise proposal? Ah, I'm so waiting for it."

Heck, even I cannot find excitement in my words.

He mumbled something under his breath and finally, with a huge exhale, he pulled out a small jewelry box from his pant pocket, got on his knee and put on a fake smile.

It was so funny to look at him trying to make his smile as genuine as possible.

"Acacia Dawn Winters, Eblilis, it's insensitive of me to not give you a proper proposal with a romantic event before our wedding. To make up for that, I want to sincerely, genuinely, with my whole heart, tell you that I really love you. You are that one person who was made for me exclusively and you will always be that for me forever for eternity." I looked on, as his smile is becoming more genuine as he spoke.

He opened the lid of the box, in which, a beautiful necklace was sitting obediently. The locket of the necklace has a huge drop of diamonds with a small exotic symbol in the middle.

"Eblilis, Do you want to be the mother of my -"

"I'm pregnant." I cut him off and revealed when I guessed what he was trying to say.

It can't be so easy right?

"- property. Will you be the co-ruler of my kingdom and property?" He smoothly changed his words and started to laugh like a mad man.

"You are pregnant? With our second baby? Oh my, it's a wonderful news! When did you know? Did you go to the doctor?" He closed the lid of jewelry box, pushed into his pocket and jumped to hug me tightly.

"You must be month pregnant now. Given the speed and accuracy of my prowess, I'm sure I hit it on our first try." He continued as he cupped my face.

I was about to retort him back when he roared in laughter and continued to talk about how happy he is to be a father again, how great he feels to keep his promise to Igses, how he will take absolute care of me, so on and so forth.

I calmly listened to all his feelings and promises with a smile.

After hollering in a very festive manner for a while, he suddenly got serious again, got on his knee again, pulled out the jewelry box again, opened the lid again, pushed it to the front again and finally repeated the main matter of his proposal again.

This time, he is actually glowing despite his serious expression.

"I got this flower field for you. This whole place now belongs to you as a part of my post wedding proposal betrothal gift." Seeing that I did not speak anything, he continued to - bribe me.

"Just say yes already." With a little bit of impatience, he pulled my hand and shook it like a child asking for a candy.

"Do you want to take me to your kingdom?" Concealing the warm smile that is threatening to break out, I asked in low voice.

"I will bring the kingdom to you."

"That world belongs to you and your race. Can you and your people leave it forever?"

"They will go back and forth as they wish. As for us, we can always take a trip back if you wish." Hmm, a satisfying answer.

"I don't want your property because I can earn it myself. However, I do love this field you gifted me. I wouldn't refuse some good gifts though." I received a full blown smile from him before it retreated back with my next words. "However, that cannot bribe me, right?"

It's always so great to tease him. I didn't want to make it difficult for him but this is not making it very difficult, right?

I'm only... playing cat and mouse with him.

"How about I give you more and more children? You love kids, yes?" With a lopsided Romeo like grin, he asked expectantly.

"You are only responsible for making love; I will be the one to go through hell and back to deliver them." Those who can never experience that will never know how painful childbirth is.

Is he trying to scare me away?

He muttered under his breath again, which I couldn't hear, and fell into deep thoughts.

"This symbol here is a sign of prosperity. I will give centuries of prosperity ahead to you. Let's have a happy life for thousands of years together." After thinking for a while, he pointed towards the small sign on the locket and spoke.

I was about to put him out of misery and say yes finally when he suddenly scrambled closer to me and said in a hurry. "I have the power to turn a mortal into immortal. I will ensure you that your family and friends will live as long as we do if any accidents did not occur."

And the deciding factor is finally here.

"Really? You can do that?"

"Just a flick of fingers. Not a big deal."

Without waiting for him, I pulled the necklace from the box and put it around my neck as I jumped shouting my agreement.

Now, this is what I wanted!

I didn't know he has that power?

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

Acacia is too much for teasing him like that. You agree?

But Tzalmon deserves it. Agree?

What do you think about the proposal? Is it interesting?

The final nailing factor is what caused the proposal to be successful. Right?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


###chapter 177
**Tzalmon Point of View**

"What do you say? Isn't your papa a person who value his promises more than anything?" I smugly looked at the shorter, younger version of the boy who looked a little like me and most like his mother.

He bobbed his head and gave me a thumbs up and a fingers heart with great deal of admiration pooling in his eyes.

I felt prouder when I looked at that look on my son's face.

Now this is what I call life. I have the woman I needed in my life, I got my son with me, another child on the way, my people is slowly settling down in this world and most importantly -

Most of my powers are back!

Not just mine but everyone else's too.

Now, my people can live in this world freely in this world, with their powers intact, with a very easy feeble way between both this world and our world.

What more can a man ask for?

"Is it going to be a sister, though?" He asked curiously.

"Do you want a sister only?"

"I don't mind a brother too but sisters are fun to play with. They are cuter than brothers." Hmm, I know.

"If turned out to be a brother, then I and your mamma shall work harder until we give you a sister. How's that?"

"That's not okay. Mamma will have to feel a lot of pain for that which I will not agree with. Bother or sisters, I don't mind. I can adopt a sister later on if there is a chance."

This little boy is always one step ahead of me in thinking for Eblilis.

Sometimes I wonder if I could ever catch up with him. Sometimes, he makes me feel so inferior to him; as if I'm not as good as him.

However, this did not give me a feeling of alertness, instead, I liked it very much.

"Whatever your mamma says. What is she up to, by the way? She has been in winters residence from early this morning and it's already dinner time." I only saw her in the morning before she left the house, I was busy with my own business ventures that I couldn't go and check on her once in the middle.

The only relief was she was with her family and there's her mom and dad taking care of her well.

"It's adult's matter so I'm not supposed to talk about it but as much as I know, Uncle Azar has a crush on Aunt Nadia. I think Aunt Nadia too feels something for him but it's still in the beginning phase. I don't know much about other details."

Right! I've seen the sparks between them before a couple of times.

"Alright, I know now." Two of my four most trusted subordinates has already found their respective life partners. There's still Gyles and Igus now.

I picked the little boy up and walked towards Winters Residence, which, these days, is full of people. As soon as I entered the premises, the first thing I saw was Azar and Nadia having an awkward blush-ish conversation in the middle of the garden, in the cover of night but with good amount of light still concentrated on them.

Love marriages were quite rare back in my kingdom or any other supernatural realm because of the obvious reason that the marriage of a person was always decided by their parents and the head of the family.

Or sometimes, by me, the King, if I feel that it would be more advantageous of a situation for all the parties.

But here, most people opt for dating convenience and marry the person who they themselves term as good for them and love them. There are less arranged marriages here as much as love marriages back in my kingdom so seeing my people freely adapting to the culture here and find their own destiny, I feel happy for them.

Without disturbing the couple, I, with Igses in my arms, went inside to see the whole family and relatives sitting together in the reception room, flocking around each other as they discussed something very ardently.

After a scan of whole room, I finally found Eblilis, who was chomping on something on a rocking chair and listening to what Nadia's parents are saying.

"Mamma, I'm hungry. I want Prawn pies, please." Igses hollered. After a little struggle in my arms, I understood and put him on the floor.

He ran to Eblilis and hugged her waist as he kept complaining how extremely famished he is, despite having enough snacks in the evening.

"Alright, I'll make prawn pies for you. Why don't you go complete the puzzle game you started this morning?" He nodded enthusiastically before running off to his play room.

Her mom initially told her that she would make some but she insisted she can manage and walked into kitchen, not before giving me a look.

"Mr. Ebernus, can we trust Azar?" Nadia's mom inquired when I was on my way to follow Eblilis to kitchen.

"Absolutely." I paused for a moment and answered. "He is a little serious kind of guy but totally devoted."

Everyone nodded and went back to their own discussion while I strode to the kitchen. Eblilis was already bending over the kitchen counter, as she was working on cleaning the prawn carefully.

I hugged her from behind and kissed her earlobe before grazing with my teeth gently. "You have been here for the whole day, I missed you like hell."

"Uncle and aunt are worried when they knew Nadia has crush on Azar. After learning that the feelings are mutual from both sides, they got even more worried." She explained in a low voice.

"What's there to worry about? Don't you know what kind of man Azar is? You should've assured them."

"I did, but parents have their own measuring scale when it comes to the partners of their kids. Mom and dad were same too with you, didn't they?"

"Hmm, so where did the discussion come to?" I unwrapped my arms around her and wore cooking gloves and started to help her with chopping ingredients and cooking.

Although there is nothing to worry about her pregnancy, given how she is now not a normal mortal and not carrying a mortal child, it is still uncomfortable for every woman to go through this phase.

I've already seen it before once when she was carrying Igses so I have first-hand experience with those small but important details.

So, keeping her in good mood, safe and well nourished is the most important thing to do for the next nine months.

"After mom and dad spoke to them, uncle and aunt are now feeling much positive about it. However, since Nadia and Azar only barely started, a good dating time will answer all the elders worries."

"That's right."

"I got a call from Damien today. He said Elspeth Aubessee has followed him and has applied for a job in his firm. Carter, being the cupid, appointed her as Damien's assistant after seeing her arduous pursuit of love." She smiled as she revelled over the matter.

"I know of this matter. Aubessee has been sighing over his granddaughter since he learnt of her actions." Even this noon when I met him in the office, he was both happy and sad about his granddaughter.

Happy because she found her soulmate, sad because she is too active in pursuing him that she even forgot her own grandfather.

It was funny to watch him grumble of the matter.

"Damien is a tough mule; Elspeth will be just the right girl to bend him a little. I heard from Damien that Elspeth even bought the house right beside Damien's." She chuckled.

"But nothing can beat Gyles and his girl's love story." She added with a smile, all the while focusing on cooking.

"Gyles? He has someone he likes?" Now, this is a news to me.

When did this happen? And how?

Eblilis turned to me in shock and exclaimed. "You don't know?"

"No."

"Well, it all started with Gyles breaking his own record in online and offline shopping. He apparently bought something, the same item as the other person but of different features. The orders got mixed up and he was ended up with the other person's item and she, his. After a complaint, they found out that the dispatch went wrong. The other girl did not seem to a fussy one so she got the contact details of Gyles after learning he is from the same city, to meet and exchange their items."

"And then?"

"It was actually a shirt that they bought. When they met and exchanged, Gyles unwittily advised her that the oversized shirt she got herself might not fit her because she is on the stout side, that she should perhaps return it back and get a few sizes bigger one."

"He never learns."

"He did."

"Hmm?"

"That girl was so enraged by his words that he beat him with her bag and everything she could get hold of. Supposedly, getting beaten by her has aroused something in that idiotic man and since then, he purposedly went to make things difficult for that girl every now and then and in return got beaten up by her."

"Clearly, he likes to be hit by her." I didn't know Gyles is a masochist?

He sure has some unique taste in romance.

"Clearly, but who can put that thought into him? Maybe, he will realize it naturally." That's right.

"Right, most of my powers are already back; I can start the ritual to add your family, relatives and friends to Dr'helellis tribe. Although they would not be a full blooded Dr'helellis, their next generations will slowly start to turn full-blooded."

Eblilis turned to be with beaming eyes and sparking smile as she nodded and pecked me on my lips with a thanks.

Huh, finally everything is going back to how it should be.

Everything is working out for me and Eblilis.

And after the ritual, a new ###chapter will start in our lives with Igses and our impending baby. There will be no hate, no regret and no negativity anymore.

I will never let it be that way. I got this chance, this happiness, this life after a lot of pain and struggle so I will never let anyone spoil it, what more, me.

Eblilis, thank you for tolerating me and giving me another chance.

Thank you for being the light to me and my kind.

Thank you for being hard-headed and teaching me that I will not get my way every time.

Thank you for loving me, although you don't tell those words to me openly.

Thank you... for being the one that fate chose for me.

**~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

Next ###chapter is here. Enjoy!

what do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

So this will be the last ###chapter. There is only epilogue remaining.

What do you say? Is it worth reading?

Did I miss out clarifying something? Please let me know so I can add it in a new ###chapter or in epilogue.

what do you think about Azar and Nadia pairing?

What do you think about Gyles and his girl's crazy story?

Your views on Elspeth and her passionate pursuit of love for Damien?

Did you like the ending of Acacia and Tzalmon story?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**


Epilogue
**Six years later

**Acacia Point of View**

"Mamma, can we please negotiate?" Igses exclaimed with a frown.

"Alright. State your terms." I sat down and gestured him to sit in the chair in front of me.

I want to know what he is after this time.

"I'm twelve."

"I know."

"Mamma, I want to have decision making rights in the family too."

"For?" I patiently asked.

"For myself, for my siblings. I am the eldest and I need to have a face before my younger siblings. I want to be their spokesperson too."

I raised a brow and looked at him with a hint of smile. He looked so serious and committed at this time while talking about his rights that it was quite funny to look at.

Igses has become more matured these past few years after he got his younger siblings. He was possessive, protection and totally loving to them.

However, if you ask them who their favourite person is, they would name Igses in the second place and Noemi takes the first place.

Surprisingly, not only Igses not disappointed, he is even alright with the ranking.

Sometimes, I feel like Igses takes Noemi as more than a friend because no matter how much they fight, he is always so attentive to her.

"Is this your opinion or are these words suggested by Teias, Alaric and Lucienne?" I asked and glanced at the certain corner of the room where the door is closed but I can clearly feel little eavesdroppers behind it, pressing their ears to the door in an attempt to listen to the conversation.

I never thought that my proper pregnancy six years ago would result in triplets. Theis Dawn Ebernus is the first of the three born on Wednesday, seven minutes before the midnight. Lucienne Dawn Ebernus, the second of the three and the only girl was born right on the exact second of the midnight confusing us if she was born on Wednesday or Thursday exactly. Alaric Dawn Ebernus, the last of the three was born seven minutes past the midnight.

The birthdays of both the boys are clear but when it came to Lucienne, we still could not come to a conclusion on the exact day of her birth due to her special delivered time. One of the reasons for our confusion also rooted back to the separate tribal calendar that Jerk's kind follow.

"Of course it's all my idea. Mamma, I suggest we send the triplets on the three days two nights school trip. One, because they are not just normal human and can protect themselves very well and two, let them see the world and learn." Igses told so righteously and sensibly that it made me wonder how this little guy of mine has learnt to change faces expertly.

"What did they offer you to advocate on behalf of them?" The triplets are the most cunning when they come together. Although Igses is wiser and more thoughtful, the triplets together are totally crafty.

Nonetheless, they still could not win Igses when it comes to scheming. However, sometimes, as an eldest brother, Igses does play a fool and give into them.

"You know the three and you still want me to send them on a trip that will keep them away from me for four days?"

"They are not that bad, mamma." Although he said those words with lot of conviction, there is still a crack of hesitation in voice.

"On their first trip in kindergarten two years ago, did you forget what happened?" God knows I love my triplets to hell and back but they are truly the incarnation of devil.

It was day long vacation to a waterpark in the town close by which is an hour away from the city. On their way there, the triplets saw an abandoned apartment which is said to be haunted. They wanted to go there and have a look but they also knew that the school authorities will never stop the bus and let them go to such a place.

So they managed to get the bus to stop when they 'accidentally' threw their belongings out of the window.

When they stepped down to get them, they used a something sharp to deflate both the back tires and successfully caused everyone to be deserted in such an empty place right before the haunted apartment.

"They still did not go to that place, mamma. They know their limits well."

"That's because the teachers were guarding the students tightly. They still were stuck in the middle of nowhere for half the day." I shook my head in exasperation.

With the three being so active, I have been having headache from the day they started to show their true selves.

"What about last year? Your grandma and grandpa took you all to kids playzone and the three went rampant turning the whole place into a post apocalypse site. Your dad and I had to pay for all the damages and it took the playzone people two weeks to renovate everything again."

"They are still kids, Eblilis. Let them have fun and learn from experience." I heard a booming voice and turned to look at Jerk with a frown.

He came to me and sat down beside Igses after giving me a kiss on lips.

Looking at him in a complete professional business attire, my heart raced again for the nth time. Despite being attacked by his charm, his statement made me scowl.

"If you don't teach them, all they learn from the experience is that they can do whatever they want as they have us to cover it up for them. Few lines shouldn't be crossed. It'll will lead to future disasters." I narrowed my eyes at my husband and eldest son expecting, waiting for them to reprimand me.

"Yes yes, what you said is right." They immediately said as they tried to pacify me.

"Mamma" The three eavesdroppers finally came out of their hide and ran to me with almighty innocent faces as if they don't know what mischievousness is.

The three blinked at me innocently and held me with such loving expression that a stranger would definitely believe them easily.

"Please mamma, let us go on this trip. We will be on our best behaviour, we promise." They said in unison in one tone as they made innocent promises.

"No."

"Please mamma, please."

"You three think I don't know what is running in that little brain of yours? Don't take me for a fool. You will not go on this trip or any other school trip until you learn to behave properly and give me the assurance." I said firmly, stood up and walked to my room without waiting for them to plead anymore.

Jerk is usually too accommodating to the triplets, especially to Lucienne. So, I should be the strict parent here. It's alright he the kids are normally naughty. Kids should be naughty but in a healthy manner.

If that crosses line, then they should be disciplined early before they turn into snobbish rascals. Thankfully, although the triplets are overly mischievous, they are not completely uncontrollable.

They are at least not rude and have a polite bearing to those out of family.

"You are being hard on the kids again." Jerk hugged me from behind and kissed my hair repeatedly.

"You decided to be the good cop so I need to be the bad cop here. A doting parent spoils the child." I scolded him back lightly and turned in his arms to face him. "Right, did you get a call from Damien?"

"Yes. He already told me that Elspeth gave birth to their first child yesterday. It was a boy." I nodded with a smile.

Elspeth finally succeed to take Damien down and got married two years ago. Now that they are finally parents, it gave me immense relief.

Elspeth is one great love warrior. He patience and perseverance is top notch.

It's not just Damien but everyone in family and friends settled down finally with their own happy families. Four years ago, when Jerk finally prepared everything, he performed a ritual to give longevity to my family and friends with a hope that they accompany us for several hundreds of years.

As for me, as a destined person, as a mother of Jerk's children, I already got immortality when I gave birth to Igses.

At first, dad and mom didn't want to go against the nature and time and live for centuries however, Jerk assured them continuously that it isn't against nature as he is adding them in his own tribe lawfully.

A few years ago, I finally came to know the reason why Jerk and his people lost their powers when they came to this world. Apparently, it was because of me and igses.

My resentment affected them. It was my resentment at that time that turned into a power and caused them to lose their powers.

However, as we got closer and together, as the resentment lessened, their powers were slowly back.

It is still a surprise to me that I have such an effect on him and his people. I still don't know why I was chosen by fate to be his redemption but fates did make sure that in case of anything bad done against me, the other party suffer too.

And for that, I'm very grateful.

"I love you so much." He said as he kept kissing my neck.

"Hmm." I answered back.

"I want an answer back, love." He pressed.

"I love me too." I answered with a smile causing him to stiffen a little before chuckling.

"I only heard you tell me three magical words only when you think I was asleep but never to my face when I'm awake and sober. Are you playing with me?"

"Yes. Is there a problem?" I accepted honestly with a challenging smirk.

He pushed me back to the wall and started tickling me as he rubbed his stubble over my skin. "Say you love me too. Say it now."

"Hahaha, let me think about it." I said in the midst of laughing.

He rubbed himself on me more vigorously causing delicious friction between us. "Say it. Now."

I couldn't take it anymore after few minutes of assault so I finally gave up. "I - lov-"

"Mamma, mamma." The three rascals ran into out bedroom, calling out for me energetically.

Jerk left me immediately and stepped back a little before the three saw us doing something that their age doesn't permit to see.

"What did I say about knocking the door before going in?" Jerk asked with a tiny bit of annoyance.

I almost said those three magical words but the moment was cut off by his own children.

Ah, this is so satisfying.

"The door is wide open, dad. Next time, close the door for us to knock it." Alaric rolled his eyes at his father and turned to me with a fawning smile.

"Mamma, we really promise to be at our best behaviour. Please let us go to this trip, please mamma."

"Why don't you go get approval off both your grandparents first? If they agree then I will think about it." I said knowing too well that their grandpa is like a military general to them when it comes to discipline so it will be a tough job to get his approval.

Dad loves his grandkids to death but when it comes to manners and discipline, he is a lot stricter than me.

"That's not fair." They all pouted and sighed in disappointment.

"Well, if your grandpa agrees, then you can go. I will sign the school form surely." I threw the bait and sent them off to coax their grandpa, knowing to well that he would not approve without solid conditions.

Once the kids are out, Jerk tried to hug me again and asked to continue but I escaped from the room laughing loudly.

I love you, Jerk. I love you so much but... what's the hurry?

There're centuries ahead of us, let me play with you for a while before hear my confession.

I skipped towards the study in good mood and a plan to tease him.

The paranormal ###chapter of my life started like a midnight light, with surprise, fear and confusion; changed to burning night with the birth of Igses, full of excitement, anger and possessiveness; concluding like morning twilight like the first ray of morning light, hopeful, lovely and positive.

Never have I thought that there would be a day I will slip into supernatural world not did I assume that I would fall in love with the man who changed my life for worse and also for better.

Jerk really gave me expanse of experience and I don't regret reconciling with him. I now know that without him, I would not be what I am today nor would I have such amazing children.

He may not be a complete positive person but he has his own merits.

I love him. So does he.

And he has become the dawn of my life.

**~*~*~*~*~*~ THE END ~*~*~*~*~*~

Hello Sweeties,

The last ###chapter of the trilogy is here. Enjoy!

What do you think about the ###chapter? Good?

How do you like the ending?

What do you think about the triplets?

Are you happy with the ending? Are you happy for Tzalmon and Acacia?

Are you satisfied with all the three books?

Please shower me with votes and comments.

Share my books with your friends.

Lots of Love

Lady Prim**



