###Chapter 1
My Weak Wife Is a Real Goddess Chapter 1 
“B*tch! How dare you push Zoey down the stairs? You deserve to die!” 
At the outdoor swimming pool, a group of people had cornered a delicate-looking girl with a pale 
complexion. “It wasn’t me… I swear it wasn’t!” she protested, panic etched on her face. 
“Lucille Jules! Just because you’re the Jules family’s little princess, it doesn’t mean you can treat Zoey 
like dirt. She has us, her friends, to protect her. We won’t let you get away with this!” 
A sharp-tongued woman narrowed her eyes and sneered, “Lucille can’t even swim. Let’s give her a 
taste of the pool!” 
In an instant, a group of attractive-looking young men and women closed in on Lucille, their faces 
twisted with malice. With a forceful shove, they sent her tumbling into the water. 
Sploosh! 
Like a wounded bird, Lucille flailed in the water, gasping for air. 
They gathered around the pool, watching her like a pack of wolves. “Still trying to get out, are you?” 
one of them taunted. “Hold her down!” 
Without mercy, they pushed the struggling Lucille back into the water. She fought back with all her 
might, but it was no use. 
Her movements grew weaker and weaker until she finally slipped beneath the surface… 
“Is she not moving anymore? Did we just kill her?” someone exclaimed in shock.
“Quick! Pull her up!” another person shouted. 
The drowning Lucille was dragged to the shore, but then she suddenly opened her eyes and grabbed 
the neck of the person who pulled her up. 
She looked just as weak and helpless as before, but there was a chilling glint of bloodlust in her eyes. 
“Let go of me!” the guy whose neck was grappled by Lucille cried out in fear. 
The lead girl’s face turned pale with anger and she ran over, yelling, “Lucille! You’re asking for it!” 
But before she could even finish her sentence, Lucille swiftly turned and delivered a perfect sidekick, 
sending her crashing to the ground. 
Everyone was stunned. 
“What’s happening?” 
“Is Lucille crazy?” 
The lead girl, whose name was Jenny Zanes, furiously roared, “What are you waiting for? Beat the hell 
out of her!” 
As the crowd closed in, Lucille effortlessly overpowered each and every one of them, tossing them into 
the pool with ease. 
When she had dealt with them all, she looked around in a daze, stumbled forward two steps, and then 
collapsed, her eyes rolling back in her head. 
……noveldrama
The dark enveloped a solitary and fierce young woman. Donning a sleek black suit, she sprinted with 
all her might. 
Out of nowhere, a hauntingly long voice echoed from the sky, “Lucille, run for your life. Survive!” 
Lucille stopped in her tracks, turned around abruptly, and saw a raging fire all around her. Flames 
danced and spread towards her, swallowing her up. 
But Lucille remained unmoved. Staring ahead blankly, she uttered a single word, “Mother…” 
The lady’s sorrowful voice reached her again, like the mourning of a cuckoo, every word seemingly 
filled with tears. 
“Lucille, in the Jules family, your ancestors were all of great merit and loyalty, with an unyielding spirit. 
And your father always acted with a clear conscience. Yet, he died an innocent man, so you must live 
on and clear his name!” 
“Lucille, you are the only bloodline of the Jules family in Dilsburg. Survive! Bring justice to the wrongly 
executed souls of the Jules family!” 
“Escape! Hurry!” 
The woman’s voice turned hoarse and desperate. In the end, it became sharp and piercing. 
Lucille, tears in her eyes, watched as the woman was engulfed in flames and screamed, “Mom!” 
In the hospital room… 
Lucille, lying on the bed, suddenly opened her eyes. 
All she saw was a blinding white.
What was happening? 
Wasn’t she dead? 
The previous night, she went on a top-secret mission. Unexpectedly, the plan was leaked, and she was 
surrounded by enemies. After a bloody battle, she barely escaped death. 
But then, while going to meet her companions at the alleyway, she was shot with a nerve toxin from 
behind and died on the spot. 
She never knew who betrayed her until her death. 
But now, why was she lying in a hospital bed? 
Could it be that she didn’t actually die? 
Suddenly, she remembered the scene where she brutally beat up a group of rich girls by the poolside… 
She had truly been reborn! 
With a loud bang, the hospital door was rudely pushed open. 
Two nurses strolled in and paid no attention to Lucille who was lying in bed. 
“Did you hear the news? Last night, Lucille, the daughter of the Jules family in Dilsburg, was executed 
for committing treason!” 
“What? The Jules family’s daughter was a gifted and accomplished warrior. She followed in her father’s 
footsteps and became a legend for countless victories. Why on earth would she betray her country?” 
“I don’t know, but news about her is everywhere now. After her death, the Jules family in Dilsburg is 
really gone.”
Lucille widened her eyes suddenly, and her hand, hidden under the covers, clenched tightly. 
The Jules family was known for their loyalty and bravery, but who would have thought they would end 
up like this? Lucille bit her lip hard, two drops of tears escaping her eyes before she forced them back 
in. 
No tears allowed! 
She wouldn’t let go of anyone who had ever mistreated or plotted against her or her family. 
With this second chance at life, she would seek the truth and avenge her family using the enemies’ 
blood. 
The nurses were chatting animatedly about the latest gossip when one of them had her attention was 
drawn to Lucille, who was lying in bed with an unnaturally crimson gaze fixed upon the ceiling. 
Why were this mute’s eyes bloodshot? 
The intensity of her glare was so unsettling that it sent shivers down her spine, and she couldn’t help 
but stare at Lucille in shock and confusion. 
“How… how…” The long-haired nurse was horrified, her voice trembling as she stared at Lucille. 
The short-haired nurse, annoyed, turned to look and saw Lucille staring calmly at the ceiling, her 
expression indifferent. 
She sneered, “She’s mute, anyway.” 
The long-haired nurse let out a sigh of relief as she noticed Lucille’s calm expression. 
She realized that it was just her imagination.
“By the way, this young lady from the Jules family is also called Lucille,” she said. 
The short-haired nurse snorted, “Hmph! What is she to be compared to the God of War? She’s a 
worthless nobody who only knows how to bully Miss Johnson. She’s not even qualified to carry the God 
of War’s shoes!” 
Lucille’s eyes flickered with a hint of coldness. 
Just then, the door to the ward opened again. 
A delicate-looking girl was wheeled in. 
When she saw Lucille, she furrowed her brows with concern. “Lucille, you’re finally okay! Are you 
feeling any discomfort?” 
Lucille slowly turned to face the stranger and suddenly, an overwhelming hatred surged within her 
chest. 
It was a hate that made her heart race and her breath catch in her throat. 
Then, a flood of memories that didn’t belong to her came rushing into her mind. 
It turned out that she had been reborn into this girl with the same name: Lucille Jules, the youngest 
daughter of the Jules family in Shein City. 
She had been cherished since birth but had her life turned upside down when Zoey Johnson appeared 
at the age of ten. 
Zoey was the daughter of a close friend of Howard Jules. When Lucille was ten years old, Zoey was 
brought back to the Jules family.
It was said that Zoey’s father died saving Howard, which caused Howard to feel extremely guilty about 
Zoey and treat her with utmost care and protection. 
However, since Zoey’s arrival, Lucille had been plunged into a painful abyss. 
Zoey was skilled at deception, always hiding her true intentions behind a smile. She was cunning and 
manipulative, and had always used any means necessary to take away everything that Lucille cared 
about. 
Whether it was Lucille’s favorite doll or her beloved group of friends, Zoey always managed to take 
them away. 
Eventually, Zoey even took away Howard’s affection and earned the unconditional trust and love of 
Lucille’s three older brothers. 
In the eyes of the Jules family, Lucille – Howard’s own daughter and her brothers’ sister – gradually 
became an eyesore and a thorn in their side. 
Whenever Lucille tried to expose Zoey’s schemes in front of everyone, she was scolded and accused 
of being ungrateful and purposely bullying Zoey. 
As for Zoey, she enjoyed everything that originally belonged to Lucille. 
She even accused Lucille of stealing in school, causing Howard to punish Lucille severely and almost 
beat her to death. 
After that incident, Lucille was completely heartbroken and stopped rebelling, becoming quiet and 
submissive. 
Her grades also plummeted, and she was given the nickname “mute and idiotic”.
Originally, Lucille thought she would live the rest of her life like this. 
However, at her 19th birthday party, she unintentionally discovered her fiance and Zoey kissing in the 
stairway. 
Overwhelmed with grief and anger, Lucille confronted them and ended up “accidentally” pushing Zoey 
down the stairs. 
While everyone was concerned about Zoey’s injuries, no one noticed that poor Lucille was being 
assaulted by Zoey’s friends and eventually drowned in the pool. 
Recalling all of this, Lucille felt an intense resentment building up inside of her, almost suffocating her. 
She took a deep breath and whispered to herself, “Let it go. I will avenge you.” 
After that, the resentment in her body gradually dissipated. 
Zoey stared at Lucille’s pale face, her gaze darkening. She couldn’t help but feel that Lucille seemed 
different from before. 
She seemed to have a colder and more piercing look in her eyes.
###Chapter 2
“Lucille.” Zoey bit her lip and pleaded pitifully, “Are you still blaming me for what happened yesterday? 
I’ve explained to Dad and our brothers, but they don’t believe me…” 
Lucille sneered, revealing a flash of defiance in her eyes. “If you really want to help me clear my name, 
why not just show them the surveillance footage?” 
She leaned against the bed, her delicate face slightly pallid. It was clear that she was frail at the 
moment. 
But the coldness in her eyes was chilling. 
She used to be a silent and introverted person, but her entire demeanor had changed. Was this still the 
naive Lucille from before? 
Zoey suddenly felt a sense of panic, her fingers on the armrest of the wheelchair turning slightly white. 
She composed herself, turned her head to the two men behind her, and spoke in a whiny voice, 
“Samuel, Charles, I knew that Lucille was still angry with me. Could you help me persuade her, 
please?” 
Lucille felt nauseous from Zoey’s coquettish tone, but unfortunately, these two men were clearly 
enjoying it. 
Charles Jules stepped forward confidently. “Lucille, if it wasn’t for Zoey’s plea, I would never apologize 
to you. You have to know that Zoey is the real victim…” 
“Charles,” Lucille suddenly spoke, interrupting him.
Her voice was like a fine crystal, ringing out clear and pure. 
Charles was taken aback. 
Lucille hadn’t called him by his name in a long time, and he was somewhat unaccustomed to it. 
Lucille raised her eyes, calmly looking at Charles, her voice hoarse. “Last night, you guys took Zoey to 
the hospital, and I was pushed into the water by the people at the banquet. I almost drowned…” 
“So what?” 
Charles replied unkindly, “You didn’t die, did you? Besides, if you hadn’t pushed Zoey downstairs first, 
would they have pushed you into the water?” 
Lucille felt her chest tighten at his heartless response. The pain she had felt before, a familiar and dull 
ache, returned with a vengeance, making it hard to breathe. 
The injustices and pain that the original owner of this body had endured were now being visited upon 
Lucille. 
Her words were heavy with sorrow as she said, “So just because I didn’t die, you think it’s okay to 
accuse me so cruelly? What if I had died?” 
Did Charles know that his own sister would never come back alive? 
He was willing to throw his own flesh and blood under the bus to protect a girl who was nothing to him. 
The sheer callousness of it all left Lucille reeling. 
If the original owner of this body were still alive, how heartbroken and sad she would be at this 
moment?
Charles looked at Lucille in a daze. Her last line just now somehow made his heart miss a beat. What 
if she had died…? 
And yes, everyone knew that Lucille couldn’t swim… 
If it weren’t for her luck, she might have really died. 
Zoey noticed Charles’ distraction and immediately spoke up, “I’m sorry, Lucille. It’s all my fault. If I 
hadn’t lost so much blood and fainted, our brothers wouldn’t have rushed me to the hospital and 
neglected you. You can blame me if you want…” 
Zoey’s words were a clear reminder to Charles that Lucille had pushed Zoey down the stairs the 
previous night, causing her to lose a lot of blood and fall into a coma. 
As expected, Charles’ slight feeling of guilt disappeared immediately upon hearing Zoey’s words. 
“You said ‘if’, didn’t you?” he retorted. “Anyway, you’re not dead or missing any limbs. But look at Zoey 
now, you caused her to end up in a wheelchair.” 
Not dead? 
Lucille’s lips curled in anger. 
She couldn’t help but recall the moment when the original owner of this body drowned, feeling 
suffocated and upset. 
She was only nineteen years old, with her whole life ahead of her, yet a group of people mercilessly 
forced her into the water. Before dying, she had tried to open her eyes and take one last look at the 
world. 
But all she saw were a group of cruel and demonic perpetrators.
At that moment, she had no more hope for this world. 
The Jules family would never know what she saw in her last moments. She saw the days when her 
father and three brothers doted on her when she was a child. 
Despite all the injustices and suffering she endured, she still didn’t want to hate these people who hurt 
her. 
But what did they do in return? 
They Ignored her, mocked her, and made fun of her… 
Had the Jules family forgotten who she was? noveldrama
How could they act so callously?! 
Suppressing her surging anger, Lucille said in a low voice, “Although I didn’t die, the fact is that they 
attempted to kill me!” 
She would never let go of those devilish people. 
They were responsible for the death of the original owner of this body, and they must pay a heavy price 
for it! 
Zoey noticed Lucille’s serious expression and realized that she wasn’t joking around. “Lucille, my 
friends were just angry when they heard that you pushed me down the stairs. They lost their temper for 
a moment, and I apologize for their behavior. Please, don’t hold them accountable.” 
She then grabbed Lucille’s hand tightly and continued, “If you’re still upset, you can hit me or curse at 
me. They didn’t mean it.” 
Lucille looked at Zoey coldly, feeling the pain of her fingernails pressing into her hand.
She knew that this was Zoey’s usual trick. 
The previous night, Zoey had used this method, too. Though now she seemed to be pleading for her 
friends, she was secretly pinching Lucille. 
When the original owner was in pain and pushed her away the previous night, Zoey pretended to fall 
down the stairs… 
Hmph! 
If she were the original owner, she would have fallen right into Zoey’s trap. It was a pity that the one 
sitting in front of her right now was Lucille Jules, the God of War of the Jules family. 
Such small tricks could not trap her. 
With a deft move, Lucille grabbed Zoey’s hand and applied pressure to a sensitive point on her wrist. 
“Ah!!” 
A scream echoed through the hospital room. 
Zoey slapped Lucille’s hand and spoke with an angry yet still gentle voice, “Lucille, I know you’re still 
mad at me. This pain is nothing. I can take it.” 
Samuel Gilbert, who had remained silent until then, couldn’t take it anymore and angrily rebuked, 
“Lucille Jules! You’ve gone too far! Zoey was only being kind. Why did you have to hurt her again and 
again?” 
Charles also glared angrily, “Lucille Jules, you’re shameless!” 
Charles was the original owner’s brother, whilst Samuel was her fiance, but both were so partial that 
they were like blind to the truth.
Lucille lowered her gaze, looking at her red hand, her eyes icy cold. 
Suddenly, she raised her hand and fiercely slapped Zoey across the face. 
She had put in all her strength. 
Slap! 
Zoey’s face immediately turned red and swollen. 
She couldn’t believe it. “You hit me?” she exclaimed, holding her throbbing cheek. 
Lucille sneered, “Wasn’t it you who said I can hit or curse at you? What’s wrong? You changed your 
mind?” 
Charles was the first to react, his anger boiling over. “Lucille, how–” 
“Shut up!” Lucille shot back. 
“I’m your brother. How dare you speak to me like that?!” he shouted. 
“You show favoritism to an outsider such as her, mistreat me, ignore the truth, and make baseless 
accusations. You don’t deserve to be my brother!”
###Chapter 3
My Weak Wife Is a Real Goddess 
…… 
Silence hung heavy in the sickroom. 
Charles stared at Lucille, and the disappointment and indifference in her eyes sent a shiver down his 
spine. 
Suddenly, he remembered how she had been in a state of constant breakdown the night before, 
relentlessly questioning Samuel and Zoey with tears streaming down her face. 
She never laid a hand on anyone. In fact, Zoey was the one who reached out to hold her hand. When 
Zoey fell down the stairs, Lucille looked shocked, as though the whole thing was unexpected. 
Could he have been wrong about her all along? 
“Charles, I’m in so much pain,” Zoey whined, covering her face and turning to Charles for attention. “Do 
you think my face is bruised?” 
She wasn’t faking it this time. 
Her wrist felt like a thousand ants were biting it, and her face was on fire. 
“D*mn Lucille,” Zoey thought. She didn’t know what Lucille had done to her, but she’d get her revenge 
when she had the chance. 
Charles glared at Zoey’s swollen face and seethed, “Lucille, you’re a monster! You nearly disfigured 
Zoey’s face!”
Lucille smirked and replied sarcastically, “So what? Her face isn’t disfigured, is it?” 
“You!” Charles was so enraged that he couldn’t even speak, and his chest heaved with anger. 
Samuel glared at Lucille with disgust. “Lucille, I love Zoey, and I can’t stand the sight of you anymore. 
I’ll find a way to break off our engagement. You’re on your own now.” 
With that, Samuel scooped up the weeping Zoey and headed out of the sickroom. “Don’t cry, Zoey. I’ll 
take you to see a doctor.” 
Charles stood his ground, glaring at Jules. “Samuel and Zoey are a perfect match, you don’t stand a 
chance with him. My advice to you is to stop pestering him or you’ll just become a laughingstock!” 
With that, he stormed off in anger. 
Lucille sneered, her eyes filled with contempt. 
The engagement between Samuel and the original owner of this body was witnessed by both families’ 
elders and recorded in an engagement contract penned by Samuel’s grandfather. Even the 
engagement ceremony was steeped in traditional and ancient customs. All these were clear indications 
of both families’ commitment to the union. 
It was ironic that the original owner was now being blamed, despite the fact that Samuel, who cheated 
on her with Zoey, was originally set to marry her. 
The Jules family was truly blind to what was happening! 
Lucille clutched her chest in pain. “Do you see now? It’s not worth being upset over heartless people 
like them.”
Years ago, she, too, witnessed her family’s downfall, shouldering the burden of avenging her family and 
carrying on their legacy. 
As a young girl, she found the political situation in Dilsburg to be too complex to navigate, with hidden 
alliances and deceitful schemes at every turn. His father’s enemies were everywhere. 
Thus, she had no choice but to bide her time, carefully laying the groundwork and building up her 
power in secret, waiting for the right opportunity to strike. 
Even so, she still hadn’t cleared her father’s name or given closure to the Jules family’s unjust deaths, 
all while being deceived by those around her. 
But so what? Lucille never believed in fate! 
Determined to make the most of her second chance at life, she vowed to seize every opportunity that 
came her way. 
Nothing would stand in her way, as she was going to rewrite her story and create the future she 
deserved. 
With that in mind, Lucille took a deep breath, got out of bed, and left the room. 
As she arrived at the entrance, she saw Howard hastily getting out of his car and rushing into the 
hospital, looking panicked and worried. He must be here for Zoey. 
If she didn’t know any better, she would have thought he was going to claim Zoey’s body. 
Hmph! 
What a blind fool! 
His own daughter was standing right in front of him, yet all he could think of was Zoey.noveldrama
Lucille scoffed and looked away, walking straight to the curb to hail a taxi. 
Across the street, a black Maybach was parked. 
The back window rolled down, and the man inside glanced over, his gaze falling directly on Lucille. She 
was tall and slender, her baggy hospital gown hanging off her. It was as though a gust of wind could 
knock her over. 
Her delicate and clean-cut face was slightly pale, giving off a hint of frailty. 
Below was a long swan-like neck. With the collar open, it revealed a small section of her exquisite 
clavicle that glinted in the sunlight. 
The man was momentarily stunned, his gaze fixed on Lucille’s eyes. 
They were so clear and bright, even more so than crystal, with a chilly aura. 
He would say that her aura was mostly aloof but with a healthy dose of pride. 
She looked so familiar… 
Joseph Collins narrowed his eyes as his deep and seductive voice filled the car. “Culver, drive over 
there.” 
Culver Johnson turned around in surprise, only to see Joseph glancing over with a rare and intense 
passion in his eyes. 
Following his line of sight, Culver saw Lucille impatiently flipping her hair. 
“Her?!” Culver exclaimed. “Mr. Joseph, you may not know this, but that woman is Lucille Jules, the 
youngest daughter of the Jules family. Her character is famously terrible – not only is she melancholic 
and unfriendly, but she also bullies Zoey, the adopted daughter of the Jules family, every day!”
“Lucille Jules?” Joseph murmured the name softly, a glimmer in his eyes. 
“Someone who is melancholic and unfriendly doesn’t seem like the type to bully others.” 
“Mr. Joseph…” 
“Drive over there.” Joseph’s voice was calm, but there was an underlying sense of authority that made 
it impossible to say no. 
Culver had no choice but to drive the car over. 
Lucille had been waiting for a taxi for a long time, but none had stopped for her. 
The scorching sun was making her increasingly irritable. Just then, the black Maybach slowly pulled up 
in front of her. 
The window rolled down, revealing the stunning profile of the man inside. 
Lucille looked up and was taken aback by his charm. 
Joseph was a man with a chiseled jawline, piercing eyes, and a proud nose. His exquisite features 
were beyond reproach, and his black designer suit hugged his muscular frame with an air of 
sophistication. His presence was striking, and his remarkable poise commanded respect. 
Perhaps sensing her gaze, Joseph turned slightly, revealing a breathtakingly handsome face. His 
almond-shaped eyes carried a hint of flirtatiousness, with the corners slightly upturned and a smoky 
redness that diffused outwards. 
At first glance, Joseph was a complete enchantment. 
But his cold, aloof gaze weakened his allure, giving him an air of cool detachment.
Lucille raised a brow nonchalantly, making no attempt to hide her amazement. 
There was no denying it: this was the most handsome man she had ever seen. 
She just didn’t like the way he looked at her. 
It was so composed and scrutinizing, as if he was sizing up his prey. 
Lucille’s eyes narrowed as her expression turned cold. “What do you want?” she asked. 
Joseph’s gaze became even more intrigued, as she was the first woman who dared to speak to him in 
that tone. 
He gave a slight smile, his voice low and seductive. “Where are you headed? Let me take you there.” 
Lucille, who was getting impatient waiting for her ride, did not hesitate to open the car door and hop in. 
“Thanks,” she said. 
Joseph’s eyes sparkled with amusement as he admired her exquisite profile. “Aren’t you afraid that I’m 
a bad guy?” he asked in a low, sexy voice. 
Lucille glanced ahead nonchalantly and raised an eyebrow. “In broad daylight, you can eat me up?” 
After all, she was the God of War who was accustomed to living on the edge. Two big men like them? 
Not a chance. 
Joseph chuckled at her carefree attitude and asked, “Where?” 
Lucille named the hotel where the original owner of this body held her birthday party the night before. 
Joseph nodded, then turned to the stunned Culver. “Don’t know the way?” he asked with a raised 
eyebrow.
Culver turned his head before coming to his senses. He then started the car. 
My goodness, not only had Mr. Joseph invited that notorious Lucille to ride with him, but he had also 
initiated a conversation and even smiled at her. 
It must be an illusion. 
As the black Maybach inched its way through the congested traffic, Lucille gazed out of the window. 
The car was barely moving, and she couldn’t help being lost in her thoughts. 
It had been almost 20 hours since the incident the previous night. 
The surveillance footage had probably been deleted by now, but she was determined to find it and 
personally send those who had killed the original owner of this body to jail, one by one.
###Chapter 4
Even catching them deleting the surveillance footage would not matter. 
She would find a way to obtain evidence. 
Suddenly, Lucille detected a faint scent of medicine and felt her heart calm down. When she turned to 
look, she saw Joseph staring at her with a shallow but intense gaze. 
The medicine scent was coming from him. 
Lucille furrowed her brows, puzzled by his sudden scrutiny. “Do we know each other?” she asked. 
With a barely-there smile, Joseph introduced himself, “Joseph Collins.” 
Lucille was slightly taken aback. 
The introduction was unexpected. 
Well, since Joseph had introduced himself, it was only polite to return the gesture. 
Hence, Lucille followed suit, “Lucille Jules.” 
Joseph extended his hand. “Pleasure to meet you,” he said, giving Lucille a polite smile, one that didn’t 
quite reach his eyes. 
Lucille’s focus quickly shifted to his extended hand. It was firm and well-groomed, with fingers that were 
lean and masculine. She placed her own delicate hand in his, giving it a light squeeze before quickly 
retracting her hand. 
Joseph, momentarily lost in thought, looked down at his palm where her touch still lingered. 
Although their interaction was brief, he couldn’t shake off the unexpected warmth he felt from her 
touch. 
Her hand was cool to the touch, yet it sent a strange, inexplicable heat through him. 
Joseph pulled his hand back and hesitated for a moment, his eyes flickering with a complex emotion. 
When they arrived at the hotel, Lucille thanked Joseph and got out of the car. It was early evening, and 
the sun had just set, leaving Lucille struggling to keep her eyes open. 
She was about to hurry inside when a shadow suddenly fell over her, bringing her some coolness. 
Looking up, she saw Joseph holding a black umbrella behind her. 
He met her gaze with an unflustered expression and said, “I’m heading the same way. Let me walk you 
in.” Lucille arched an eyebrow but didn’t say anything. She huddled under the umbrella with him and 
walked into the hotel by his side. 
It was only a few steps, but Lucille felt like she was burning up. 
As they stepped into the air-conditioned lobby, she finally started to feel relieved again. 
They explained their purpose to the security guard, but as Lucille had expected, the guard immediately 
began to make excuses. “I’m sorry, Miss Lucille, the cameras suddenly malfunctioned this morning. 
When the repairman came to fix them, he accidentally formatted the U disk. I’m truly sorry.” 
What a convenient excuse, and such a clumsy lie! 
Lucille sighed and feigned disappointment. “That’s a shame.” 
The security guard saw the disappointment on her face and felt a hint of disdain. 
It was easy to deceive someone as naive as her. 
“Can I go to the surveillance room and take a look?” Lucille asked. 
The security guard immediately nodded. “Of course, feel free.” 
Of course, he already knew the video had been deleted. Even if she combed through the computer, 
she would not find anything. 
Smugly the security guard led the way, without being concerned at all. 
To his surprise, as soon as Lucille sat down at the computer, her fingers flew over the keyboard with 
expert 
speed, leaving only a blur of movement in their wake. 
[ 
A minute later, she had a USB drive in hand. She tucked it away and turned to the guard. “I guess the 
video really is gone. Alas!” 
The security guard repeated his apology, unaware that Lucille had seen past his deception. 
With a derisive glance, she turned to depart. 
However, just as she turned the corner, she ran into a wall of flesh, causing her to stumble backward. 
“Ugh!” Lucille covered her nose, furrowing her brows in annoyance. 
The familiar scent of medicine hit her. Somehow, the scent eased her tension a bit. 
She looked up and saw Joseph, his impossibly handsome face raising an eyebrow at her. “What are 
you doing here?” she asked, her own eyebrows knitting together. 
Joseph lowered his head and smiled charmingly, “Do you believe it’s just a coincidence that we met 
here?” 
Lucille rolled her eyes. “I don’t.” 
In such a big hotel, how could he have bumped into her at the corner of the hallway by accident? 
It was obvious that he had planned this. 
Lucille diverted her gaze, trying not to be charmed by Joseph’s charisma and appeal. He was not just 
good- looking, but also had an irresistible charm that could easily capture a woman’s heart. Yet, Lucille 
was no ordinary girl who would just fall head over heels for someone such as Joseph. 
Lucille had seen too many playboys like him during her time in Dilsburg. 
Joseph was a man of deep thought, and it was difficult to read his true intentions. He was a mystery 
deep and unfathomable. 
Although he had always shown a gentle and friendly side in front of her, his eyes never revealed his 
true feelings. 
Every time she looked closely, she could see the coldness in his eyes that made her wary. 
Lucille knew that he was highly dangerous, and she should keep a safe distance from him. 
Joseph chuckled, “Since you’ve already figured out my intentions, why don’t you just go with the flow 
and let me take you home?” 
Lucille remained silent. 
She thought he was a distant and unapproachable god-like man, but as it turned out, he had a thicker 
skin than she did. 
Since he seemed sincere, and she happened to be penniless at the moment, she reluctantly agreed to 
his invitation. 
“Jules Villa, thank you,” Lucille said. 
Joseph raised an intrigued eyebrow. “What a coincidence! I happen to be heading that way.” 
Lucille shrugged nonchalantly. “Let’s go.” 
Together they walked down to the lobby, where Culver was waiting. 
He nearly dropped his jaw when he saw them walking together. 
What the hell was going on? 
Why did Mr. Joseph leave him waiting here to go look for Lucille instead? 
What made this hypocritic girl so special? 
And why was Mr. Joseph being so attentive to her? noveldrama
“Culver,” Joseph said, “Take Miss Jules to the Jules Villa before we head home.” 
Johnson’s eyes widened in shock. The Jules Villa and Collins mansion were completely opposite to 
each other. What kind of joke was this? 
It was all a ploy to impress a woman, Culver realized. Mr. Joseph was lying through his teeth! 
Half an hour later, the Maybach came to a stop outside the Jules Villa. 
It was a luxurious standalone mansion in an exclusive villa area. 
As Lucille stepped out of the car and thanked Joseph, she gave him a quick once-over and offered 
some advice. 
“The herbs you’re taking have a cooling nature that can be harmful in the long run. I suggest you switch 
to a milder formula that may not be as effective, but is gentler on your body and won’t cause harm.” 
###Chapter 5
Without regard to how Joseph might react, Lucille turned around, walking away. 
Joseph leaned back on the car seat, casting a sidelong glance at Lucille’s receding figure. 
She could smell the medicinal fragrance emanating from him and tell what it was. He couldn’t help but 
wonder if she was truly the silly girl as people said. 
It seemed that rumors could be misleading. 
“Mr. Joseph,” Culver finally spoke up, unable to contain himself any longer. “Lucille Jules is notorious 
for her wicked ways. You mustn’t believe anything she says. The medication you’re taking was 
prescribed by Mrs. Jules’ personal physician. What could a little girl like her know about medicine?” 
Joseph continued to stare in the direction Lucille had gone, remaining silent for a long moment. 
Finally, he spoke in a low voice, “I believe her.” 
The medicine prescribed by his grandmother’s personal physician might have been effective, but it was 
also detrimental to his health. He could feel that his physical condition had worsened considerably over 
the past few days. 
The fact that Lucille was able to detect the issue with just the scent of that medicine so easily 
suggested that she was indeed knowledgeable about medicine. 
By bringing the problem to his attention, she was simply returning him a favor. After all, he had given 
her two free rides. 
Hmph! 
It seemed that…. 
She didn’t want to have anything to do with him. 
Culver stared in astonishment, unable to believe his ears. 
What did Mr. Joseph say? 
He actually believed Jules? 
Good heavens! 
Was Mr. Joseph under some kind of spell cast by Lucille? Why was he taking her side at every turn? 
“Mr. Joseph, are you perhaps interested in her?” Culver cautiously asked, “She’s already engaged to 
Samuel Gilbert, you know.” 
Joseph withdrew his gaze and looked ahead nonchalantly. “So what?” 
She was only engaged to Samuel, and even if he snatched her away from Samuel, what could the 
Gilbert family do to him? 
In the Jules Villa. 
When Lucille entered the house, she realized that it was very lively inside. Zoey, who had been in the 
hospital, had returned home before her. 
Howard and Charles were having dinner with Zoey. 
As soon as Lucille entered, she could hear the two of them asking after Zoey’s well-being. 
-“Have some more food, Zoey. It’s really good for you.” 
“Drink up the broth to help you feel better.” 
“Thank you.” Zoey smiled warmly, holding her bowl gracefully as she ate. 
Lucille stood at the door, watching this scene unfold in front of her, and suddenly felt a dull pain in her 
chest. The previous owner’s painful emotions surged up again. 
She had longed for this kind of attention and affection, only to be ignored and excluded countless 
times. 
She had to watch her own father and brothers dote on another woman who was not even related to 
them. 
Meanwhile, she had to shrink into a corner like an injured animal, licking her wounds alone and feeling 
invisible. 
Zoey enjoyed the attention proudly, but when she caught a glimpse of Lucille’s figure, her expression 
changed suddenly. She pretended to be worried and put down her bowl. 
“Dad, I’m still worried about Lucille. She’s been out of the hospital for so long. What if something 
happens to her? After all, she almost drowned last night.” 
Now that this was brought up, it filled Howard with an intense feeling of anger. 
He let out a cold snort and snapped, ‘Why bother bringing up that sc*mbag? Let her run away if she 
wants to, even if she dies outside it’s none of our concern! Since she has the guts to push you down 
the stairs, she should have never come back home again!” 
Lucille stood frozen in place, a sharp pain suddenly piercing her heart. 
She felt acutely the pain and bitterness of the previous owner of this body. 
Why? 
Why was she being treated so cruelly? 
She was his biological daughter! 
What did she do wrong? She should not have been born into this world, into this household…. 
Lucille took a deep breath and sighed internally, “Silly girl, I told you never to be sad for someone who 
doesn’t care about you.” 
The servant saw Lucille standing at the door, looking pale, and greeted her hurriedly, “Miss Lucille, 
you’ve returned?” 
Howard had a total of four children. Lucille was the youngest and originally ranked fourth. 
But after adopting Zoey, Lucille became the fifth child in the family, with Zoey taking over her place. 
Lucille gave a light response and headed upstairs. 
As Howard noticed Lucille’s return, he slammed his fist onto the table and scolded, “Look who’s here, 
and not at word of hello to your own father? You no longer see me as your father?” 
Lucille responded with a cold laugh and an apathetic tone, “No, I don’t.” noveldrama
She could sense that the original host’s disappointment towards her father was slowly disappearing. 
Now that her emotions had settled down, she wouldn’t be easily saddened or heartbroken by their 
interactions with 
her. 
She had nothing to do with Howard, anyway. Howard was the father of the original owner of this body, 
not hers. 
“You-” Howard was so infuriated that his face contorted at her response. “You’re a disrespectful 
daughter!” Lucille retorted nonchalantly. “S*cmbag!” 
“What did you say?!” Howard couldn’t believe his ears. “Say it again?” 
Lucille idly fiddled with the edge of her hospital gown, her gaze icy as she appraised Howard. “You 
always play favorites and can never tell right from wrong. Besides, you spoil that adopted daughter of 
yours while scolding me, your own flesh and blood! When you add it all up, just calling you a s*cmbag 
is already too kind of me.” Well, she could have come up with worse remarks. 
“You!” Howard turned livid with anger and smashed a bowl on the ground. “Do you think you can get 
away with talking to me like that? Kneel down and apologize to me!” 
After speaking, he ordered the butler with a grim face, “Bring me the whip!” 
The butler didn’t dare to refuse and turned to fetch the whip. 
“You’ll kneel and beg for forgiveness,” Howard growled as he took the iron-black whip with sharp 
spikes, his expression dark and menacing. 
Lucille’s gaze fell upon the scary whip, and a wave of uncontrollable panic coursed through her body, 
paralyzing her with fear. 
She knew it was the original owner’s emotions. 
Previously, when Zoey falsely accused her of stealing. Howard nearly beat the original owner of this 
body to death with this whip. 
If the original owner wasn’t afraid of the whip, it would be strange. 
Zoey, still harboring resentment towards Lucille for slapping her at the hospital, wasted no time in 
provoking Howard. 
“Dad, don’t be angry. Lucille almost drowned last night and hasn’t fully recovered. She’s not in a good 
mood because of me and Samuel. Please forgive her.” 
Howard looked at her with compassion, “She pushed you down the stairs and almost killed you. Why 
are you so kind to help her? Don’t worry, I will give you justice!” 
He then waved the whip. The whip whistled through the air as he gestured with it. “Lucille! Kneel 
down!” Lucille sneered, “Why should I kneel? And, what do you mean by “justice”?” 
“You know very well that Zoey deliberately seduced my fiance Samuel and played the innocent victim. 
Yet you not only failed to defend me, but you also sided with her.” 
“Back in the old days, Zoey’s actions would have been condemned and punished in public. But now 
you’re making her out to be the victim? Are you serious?” 
Lucille’s voice rang out, clear and strong, as she confronted Howard. “Where is the justice in what 
you’re doing?” 
Her words cut through the tense silence like a knife, her voice increasing in volume like a crescendo. 
And, Howard was left speechless, rooted to the spot. 
He had never expected the usually reserved and quiet Lucille to be so forceful and articulate in her 
arguments. He was silent for a few seconds, not knowing how to respond.
###Chapter 6
Upon seeing this, Zoey secretly gritted her teeth, wishing she could tear Lucille’s mouth apart. D*mn it! 
How come this b*tch has become so hard to deal with since waking up from drowning?! “Dad, I’m 
sorry,” Zoey lowered her head and started crying again. “It’s my fault. I shouldn’t have accepted 
Samuel’s pursuit. Please hit and scold me instead!” 
Charles looked at Zoey with distress and said, “What kind of era do we live in now? Zoey and Samuel 
have feelings for each other, yet you keep harassing Samuel just because of some old engagement 
arranged by the previous generation! Your behavior is bringing shame to our family, Lucille!” 
“You not only pushed Zoey down the stairs, but now you’re also showing disrespect towards your own 
father. This behavior is completely unacceptable!” 
Upon hearing this, Howard immediately waved his whip and shouted, “You are one rebellious daughter! 
Kneel down now!” 
“You think you have the right to make me kneel?” 
Lucille sneered at Howard. She would only kneel to her parents, and not to anyone else. noveldrama
Who did Howard think he was? Did he really think he could make the God of War of Dilsburg kneel to 
him? “You!” Howard was almost driven to insanity, raising the whip and ready to strike Lucille. “I’m so 
going to kill you today!” 
Lucille sneered coldly, her lips curling in anticipation of the fight. 
As she lowered her wrist, preparing to strike, a deep and magnetic voice boomed from the doorway, 
interrupting the tense silence. “Mr. Jules, it seems that you’re busy. Alas, it appears that I have arrived 
at an inconvenient time.” 
Howard was frozen in place, his body tensed in shock as he stared at the newcomer in disbelief. “M-Mr. 
Joseph…” he stuttered, unable to contain his surprise. 
Joseph Collins was a name that resonated throughout the business world. 
The Collins family, a prestigious and influential aristocratic family that had reigned over Shein City for 
over a century, was renowned for its vast power and reach. 
Joseph, on the other hand, was a man of remarkable talents and strategic acumen. He was hailed in 
the business world as the undisputed “king of commerce”, thanks to his unparalleled expertise and 
astute decision- making abilities. With his sharp insight, Joseph commanded the respect of everyone in 
Shein City, young and old alike. 
So, how could a person of such high stature suddenly appear in their humble abode, when they two 
had literally no chance of ever crossing paths? 
Zoey gazed at Joseph in stunned silence, her heart beating wildly within her chest. 
He was incredibly handsome! 
She could hardly believe that such a stunning man existed in the world! 
Zoey’s heart was pounding as she finally laid eyes on Mr. Joseph, whose name she had only heard 
before. Now, she understood the true definition of the word “magnificent”. 
Howard was equally elated and rushed over to greet him, “Mr. Joseph, why have you come? Please 
take a seat! Someone, bring tea!” 
Joseph glanced coldly at the whip in his hand and asked, “Mr. Jules, are you welcoming me or trying to 
chase me away?” 
Howard awkwardly smiled and handed the whip to the butler to take away. 
Howard had never encountered anyone of Mr. Joseph’s stature before. 
Now that Mr. Joseph had come to their home, he felt the weight of the responsibility to serve him with 
the utmost reverence and respect. 
*I apologize, Mr. Joseph, for my momentary negligence. Please forgive me.” 
He gracefully lowered his hand as he took a seat on the couch. Culver then approached him with a 
beautifully wrapped silk box in hand. “This is a gift from my grandmother, as a token of apology to Mr. 
Jules,” he said in a calm yet commanding voice. 
Howard was struck dumb, only then realizing what had happened two days prior. 
Two days ago, Madam Collins’ car had rear-ended Howard’s car. 
Howard had declined her offer of compensation then, and that had led to their meeting now. 
Little did he expect that Madam Collins would go as far as sending Mr. Joseph himself to his doorstep. 
Howard was beyond thrilled. He accepted the gift graciously. “Please help me extend my gratitude and 
regards to Madam Collins.” 
Joseph replied, “May I inquire if your outburst earlier was related to the event that happened to Miss 
Lucille last night? I heard that she’s been wrongly accused.”
###Chapter 7
Howard froze in shock. 
What did Mr. Joseph mean by suggesting that Lucille was wrongly accused? 
And why was he bringing up Lucille’s name all of a sudden? Wasn’t he here because of Madam 
Collins? 
Charles couldn’t help but interject, “Mr. Joseph, you must be wrong. Lucille was not wrongly accused. 
She did push Zoey down the stairs last night.” 
Joseph gave him a cold glance and asked, “And who are you?” 
“I am Charles Jules, Lucille’s older brother.” 
Joseph’s lips curved in a sneer. “No wonder.” 
Charles furrowed his brows and asked, “What do you mean?” 
Joseph’s eyes turned icy as he replied, “If even her own brother does not believe her and speaks up for 
an outsider, how can anyone else believe that Miss Lucille was wrongly accused?” 
The color drained from Charles’ face, leaving him at a loss for words. 
Howard was struck with a sudden jolt. 
His mind racing, he struggled to make sense of Joseph’s cryptic words. 
Lucille’s eyes flicked with interest as she raised her eyebrow, taking an extra glance at Joseph. She 
never expected him to speak up for her. 
Joseph noticed her gaze and looked up to meet her eyes. 
As their eyes met, a spark of emotion flickered between them and silently grew. 
Lucille kept her composure, appearing serene and unaffected. 
Joseph chuckled lightly, gracefully standing up. “I’ve delivered the gift, so I won’t disturb you any 
longer,” he said. 
Howard hurriedly offered to see him off. 
“No,” Joseph nonchalantly replied as he buttoned his suit. “Let Miss Lucille send me off.” 
With his words, the living room fell into an eerie silence. 
All eyes were on Lucille, and the weight of the attention was too heavy for her to stay quiet any longer. 
“Mr. Joseph, this way please,” she said, walking out confidently and ignoring the various complex 
emotions behind her. 
Lucille stopped in front of the Maybach. “Mr. Joseph, take care.” 
With that, she turned to leave. 
But Joseph blocked her way with his hand. “Wait a moment.” 
“What is it?” Lucille raised her head and looked straight into his eyes with a clear gaze. 
Joseph locked eyes with her, then abruptly lowered his head. 
Lucille was caught off guard, her heart beating faster. 
She couldn’t help but wonder if he was up to something by coming closer to her. 
She quickly stepped back two paces, but then heard him let out a low laugh. 
It was only then that Lucille realized she had been tricked. 
Frustrated, Lucille looked up at Joseph, but he held out his hand and revealed what was in his palm. 
“You dropped this in my car,” he said, showing her the USB drive. 
Lucille narrowed her eyes in disbelief. 
How could that be? She had put the USB drive in her pocket right after leaving the surveillance room. 
How did it end up in Joseph’s hand? 
Joseph handed Lucille the USB drive, his deep, sexy voice whispering, “Be careful not to be so 
careless with your belongings next time.” 
“And, if you fall for me, be warned that I may not let you go so easily.” 
Lucille was rendered wordless. 
Why did he have to act so flirty when he talked? Couldn’t he just speak properly? 
Bang! 
“Ouch!” Meanwhile, Culver, who was getting ready to open the car door, was startled by Joseph’s 
words and fell down. 
Lucille glanced at him, tightly holding onto the USB drive. Thank you,” she said. 
Afterward, she pretended not to hear Joseph’s remark and turned around to leave. 
Inside the villa. 
Zoey watched the door from afar, seething with anger. 
She couldn’t understand why Joseph, a man of such refined tastes, would treat Lucille, an idiot, with 
such attention. 
Her eyes flickered as she pretended to be worried and asked Howard, “Dad, I heard that Joseph is 
terminally ill and has only a few days left. Is it true that Madam Collins wants to find him a wife for his 
last days?” Howard furrowed his brows and cautioned, “The Collins family is an elite and influential 
household, and they despise those who spread gossip behind their backs. You must never utter these 
words again.” 
Zoey lowered her head, concealing the frostiness in her eyes. “Of course, I’m only concerned that 
Lucille might offend Mr. Joseph subconsciously. After all, we can’t afford to provoke the Collins family.” 
Howard darkened his face. “This troublemaker, I’ll deal with her later!” 
As they spoke, Lucille had already made her way into the house. 
Howard immediately took on the role of a father and asked, “You didn’t say anything wrong in front of 
Mr. Joseph, did you? Let me tell you, Mr. Joseph is someone you cannot even hope to compare to…” 
L 
Lucille ignored him and headed straight upstairs, leaving him to fume in the living room. 
Once upstairs, she went directly to Zoey’s room and kicked the door open, shouting, “Someone, get rid 
of all this junk!” 
The servant, Madam Dahlia, hurried over and said, “Miss Lucille, these things belong to Miss Zoey-” 
“Start working!” Lucille’s voice was cold and unwavering, leaving no room for doubt. 
Madam Dahlia was the only person in the Jules family who genuinely cared about Lucille. Seeing her 
resolute attitude, she quickly gathered Zoey’s belongings and followed Lucille’s instructions, dumping 
everything in the hallway. 
Lucille stood by the doorway, looking at the luxury bags and clothing scattered on the floor, feeling a 
sense of satisfaction. 
As expected, after getting revenge on Zoey, the original owner of this body felt rather invigorated. 
Madam Dahlia was, too, relieved. 
In fact, Madam Dahlia had never understood why Howard and the Jules brothers treated Miss Lucille 
so poorly. 
She was the legitimate daughter of the Jules family, yet they all seemed blind to her and favored that 
adopted daughter, Zoey. 
This room was originally Miss Lucille’s, but after Zoey arrived at this house, she cried and begged until 
she managed to take all that belonged to Lucille for herself. 
Now that Miss Lucille had thrown all of Zoey’s belongings out, it was truly satisfying to watch! 
Howard and the others rushed over when they heard the commotion and saw clothing strewn all over 
the hallway. They were furious at that sight. 
“Lucille Jules! What are you doing?” Howard shouted. “Why are you throwing Zoey’s clothes away?!” 
Lucille ignored him and told Madam Dahlia, “Please move my things in there.” 
Madam Dahlia quietly complied and hurriedly went to Lucille’s room to pack up her belongings. 
Zoey saw all her beloved clothes, bags, and jewelry on the ground, and she was so angry that she felt noveldrama
like her lungs would explode. 
She bit her lip and began to cry. “Dad, does Lucille really hate me? What did I do wrong? Why is she 
treating me like this?” 
Zoey’s pitiful tears immediately ignited Howard’s wrath toward Lucille. 
“Lucille, you b*stard, apologize to Zoey!” he roared. 
Charles’ heart broke to see Zoey shed tears. He whispered to Zoey, “Don’t worry, we will make things 
right for you.” 
Then he turned to Lucille and commanded, “Quickly pick up Zoey’s things and put them back in their 
proper place, and apologize to her!” 
“Who are you to speak to me in that tone?” Lucille leaned against the door, exuding an air of 
indifference and pride that was in stark contrast to the meek and obedient girl she used to be. 
Her eyes glinted with steely resolve, her entire being suffused with a chilling, indomitable energy. 
It was as if she had become a completely different person! 
The three of them were left flabbergasted, their tongues tied as they faced Lucille’s sudden surge of 
dominating aura. 
The more Howard pondered on the situation, the more his rage boiled over. “Who on earth gave you 
the audacity to talk to us in such a manner? Begone from this place! Leave at once!”
###Chapter 8
Lucille sneered, her arms crossed as she radiated a powerful aura. “Do I need to remind you that this 
house is the inheritance left to me by my mother? You all are the ones who should leave!” 
Before her death, Lucille’s mother had bequeathed to Lucille a vast inheritance, including the Jules 
Villa and 40% of the shares in the Jules Group. 
It was much more than the 30% share held by Howard and the 10% share held by each of her other 
three brothers. 
In other words, Lucille was the largest shareholder and had the most say in the company. 
Despite this, the Jules family had been suppressing her and using her as a punching bag. 
They were truly heartless and cruel. 
Howard’s face changed slightly. “How do you know all this?” 
“I not only know that, but I also have the will and property deed in my possession. I didn’t say anything 
before out of consideration for our family ties, but now that you’re treating me this way, I won’t be kind 
to you anymore!” Lucille sneered. 
“This villa belongs to me, and if you don’t want to be kicked out, you’d better listen to me. Otherwise, 
don’t blame me for being unkind!” 
Hearing this, the three of them were overcome with fury. 
Lucille didn’t pay them any more attention and went straight into the house, slamming the door shut 
with force. 
Charles looked at Howard in disbelief. “Dad! Is what she said true? Did Mom really leave the house to 
her?” Howard took a deep breath, indicating that it was true. 
This news not only stunned Charles but also hit Zoey hard. 
Lucille, who had always bullied her, suddenly became the owner of the villa. How could she accept 
this? 
“Sorry.” Zoey sobbed, her head bowed. “It’s all my fault. If it weren’t for me, you wouldn’t have to 
endure this humiliation.” 
Howard and Charles looked at her with tenderness. “It’s not your fault, Zoey. Don’t worry, we won’t let 
you suffer. I’ll personally teach this heartless girl a lesson someday.” 
Howard said so, but he had a different plan in mind. 
The will had always been his biggest concern. He didn’t care about the house, but the 40% stake in the 
Jules Group was what he valued most. 
No, he couldn’t let that rebellious Lucille take it away. He had to figure out how to get the shares back! 
In the bedroom. 
Madam Dahlia replaced everything with new things and brought in a few more maids to move Lucille’s 
belongings into the room. 
Lucille stood by the window and gazed at the scenery outside with an indifferent expression. 
Madam Dahlia let out a sigh and whispered, “Miss Lucille, given what you’ve done, I believe that they 
won’t let this matter slide easily.” 
The Jules family was a tough nut to crack. Howard’s indecisiveness and favoritism towards Zoey left 
onlookers bewildered. 
Charles, on the other hand, was a gullible simpleton who fell for Zoey’s facade and bought into her 
false accusations. 
Meanwhile, Bernard Jules, the eldest brother, had a heart as cold as ice and didn’t seem to care for 
anyone. Yoshua Jules, the second eldest, was the only level-headed one who treated Lucille kindly, but 
he left home 
years ago to carve his own path, and hadn’t returned since 
Now, almost everyone in the Jules family had been deceived by Zoey and stood by her 
Lucille glanced back at Madam Dahlia, who was looking at her with a worried expression, and felt a 
sense of comfort wash over her. 
“Don’t worry about it. Let them do what they want. We’ll confront whatever challenges come our way” 
Madam Dahlia let out a sigh. “But why did you suddenly bring up your mother’s will today? It’s 
supposedly your last card!” 
Howard would definitely try to find a way to make Miss Lucille sign over the shares when he found out 
that the will and property deed were in her possession. 
Miss Lucille had a gentle and kind-hearted personality and wasn’t cunning like the others. There was a 
possibility that she… 
“Madam Dahlia, I know what you’re worried about,” Lucille said calmly. “Don’t worry, I won’t give them 
at chance.” 
Madam Dahlia looked at the confident and unyielding girl in front of her, surprised and unsure of 
herself. Was this really the same Miss Lucille who used to be so timid and quiet? 
Or was she hiding her true self all along? 
Was this the real Lucille now? 
If so, then her worries were unnecessary. 
Madam Dahlia breathed a sigh of relief. “Then you rest first, I’ll go to the kitchen and make some food 
to help you recover.” 
“Thank you, Madam Dahlia.” 
After Madam Dahlia left, Lucille immediately turned on the computer, inserted the USB flash drive, and 
opened the disk. 
As she had expected, the contents of the USB had been read and all the surveillance videos had been 
cleared. Lucille’s eyes narrowed as a chill ran through her. 
What was Joseph up to? He returned her USB and deleted the videos? 
Just as Lucille was about to call him to find out the answer, the computer suddenly beeped with an alert 
sound 
The next second, two videos were remotely transmitted to her. 
Lucille stared at the two videos, squinting her eyes. 
Then, a line of text appeared on the computer screen. “Were you just badmouthing me?” noveldrama
Lucille furrowed her brows. 
Lucille felt a chill run down her spine as she wondered if Joseph had installed some sort of surveillance 
in her mind. 
How did he know that she had just thought about him? 
As she pondered this, a new message appeared on her computer screen. “You’ve misunderstood me. 
I’m a good guy. Are you sure you don’t want to apologize to me?” 
Accompanied by that was a string of digits. 
It was Joseph’s private number. 
Even though only a select few would have access to his number, it was now being prominently 
displayed to Lucille. 
Lucille raised an eyebrow and her fingers flew over the keyboard. Within seconds, the offending 
message disappeared. 
Did he really expect her to apologize to him by calling his private number? 
Dream on! 
She closed the computer and went to take a shower. 
But when she saw her reflection in the mirror, she froze. 
The face looking back at her was the same pale, delicate one that she once looked like previously. 
She turned around and removed her top, then examined her back carefully. 
It was smooth and unblemished, without the ugly scar that had been there before. 
Lucille got dressed again, her eyes dark with thought. 
It seemed that the connection between her and the original owner of this body was not a simple one…. 
On the top floor of the Collins Mansion… 
Joseph stood pensively on the balcony of the mansion’s highest floor, his eyes glued to the phone he 
held. The anticipated call was still nowhere in sight. 
The night breeze blew gently, bringing with it a hint of restlessness. 
Culver watched anxiously as Joseph coughed lightly after the wind blew on him. 
“Mr. Joseph, please come inside. The doctor said you can’t be exposed to the wind, it will cause a 
chill.” 
Joseph remained in the same spot, motionless. 
Culver’s worry was beginning to get the best of him as he spoke, “Mr. Joseph, why are you so 
concerned about Miss Lucille? Was it because she looks like the little girl from ten years ago who 
died?”
###Chapter 9
As the last syllable of Culver’s sentence faded, the air grew heavy and still. 
The surrounding environment became silent, so much so that even the sound of the wind ceased. 
Culver quickly realized his mistake and paled in fear. “Mr. Joseph, I’m sorry! I didn’t mean it…” 
Joseph turned around, and his limpid eyes were filled with an inscrutable coldness. 
After a brief pause, he spoke sternly. “Go down and accept your punishment, leave my sight!” 
Culver shuddered, responding with a trembling voice, “Yes!” 
And, he quickly scurried away. 
Joseph took a deep breath, turned around, and gazed at the moon behind him. The coldness and 
aloofness. around him dissipated, leaving only the darkness and solitude that enshrouded him. 
The dawn began to break. 
The rest of the Jules family was still asleep, but Lucille had already started her morning exercise in the 
garden. 
This body was too weak, and she needed to get stronger as soon as possible. 
Otherwise, even with all her skills, this body would only hold her back if something happened. 
After finishing her exercises, Lucille panted lightly as she made her way back upstairs. However, she 
encountered Zoey, who was about to head down the stairs. 
Zoey was surprised to see Lucille up and exercising so early. She smiled and said, “Lucille, you’re up 
early. You seem to have recovered well.” 
Lucille couldn’t be bothered with her and walked past without even looking. 
Zoey wasn’t offended at all. She turned to admire Lucille’s graceful figure, boasting, “Do you know that 
Samuel, only likes gentle girls like me? No matter how perfect your figure is, he won’t even bother to 
take a glance at you.” 
In private, Zoey had never bothered to hide her contempt for the previous owner of this body. Lucille 
stopped in her tracks, her back turned to Zoey as a cold smirk formed on her lips. Zoey really knew 
how to hurt her with words, as she clearly knew the previous owner well. The original owner believed 
Zoey’s lies and thought that Samuel liked sexy girls, so she wore a sexy dress on his birthday. 
backless 
Who knew that Samuel would publicly berate her as shameless and say that only girls like Zoey, who 
came from a reputable family, were the ones he liked. 
Because of this incident, the original owner became everyone’s laughingstock, and she never wore a 
dress again. 
Lucille let out a light sigh. 
What a silly girl, why did she have to do that? 
“You can’t force someone to love you, no matter how much you do for them,” she mumbled silently. 
Seeing that Lucille didn’t speak, Zoey’s smile became smugger. “This is just a kind reminder from me. 
After all, no one knows Samuel better than me.” 
-Lucille turned around and looked at Zoey with a faint smile. “So what? The Gilbert family would never 
marry a 
mistress.” 
One light comment was enough to make Zoey feel both ashamed and angry. 
“Ugh!” Zoey huffed before sneering, “What’s that you have to be proud of? Even if I’m no good, I’m still 
better than a mute girl like you that everyone loves to pick on.” 
Lucille chuckled more confidently. “Oh, I almost forgot. I do have both wealth and power – I hold 40% of 
the Jules Group. I’m sure those pests in the gutter, such as you, are now green with envy.” 
“You!” Zoey was breathless with rage. 
She couldn’t understand how Lucille had suddenly become so sharp-tongued. She used to be the kind 
of person who couldn’t fight back or speak out. 
Well, Lucille would soon find out she could not bask in her pride for long! 
Zoey narrowed her pupils, returned to her room, and deliberately hobbled down the stairs with a cane. 
In the living room, Samuel was waiting to take Zoey to school. 
As Zoey came down the stairs with a cane, Samuel immediately came forth to her. “Zoey, why didn’t 
you let me come up and get you?” 
As he spoke, he hugged her in his arms. 
Zoey’s brows furrowed as she batted her eyelashes and pouted, “I’m sorry, Samuel, I didn’t mean to 
trouble you. It’s just that…” 
She trailed off, deliberately looking downtrodden and helpless. 
Samuel’s expression grew stormy. “What’s going on? Did Lucille give you trouble again?” 
Zoey shook her head with red eyes. “No…” 
“Zoey, you don’t have to lie to me.” Samuel was serious. “What did she do to you?” 
Zoey bit her lip and refused to speak, but gave a glance to the maid beside her. 
The maid, who had enjoyed many favors from Zoey before, quickly defended her, “Please don’t blame 
Miss Zoey, Mr. Samuel. It’s just that Miss Lucille has gone too far. She not only humiliated Miss Zoey 
and took away her room, but also threw away all of her belongings. She even threatened to kick Miss 
Zoey out, and mentioned that Mr. Howard can’t do anything about it.” 
As soon as Samuel heard this, his face turned red with anger. “What?! That’s outrageous! Where is she 
now?! The maid hurriedly replied, “She hasn’t come downstairs yet.” 
Zoey clung to Samuel’s arm and pleaded, “Please, Samuel, don’t do anything. I’m just a foster 
daughter after all. I can handle this little setback.” 
“No!” Samuel was furious, “Your tolerance will only make her worse. Wait for me, I will teach her a good 
lesson, today!” 
As Samuel spoke, a drawling voice echoed down the staircase, “Oh? How do you plan to give me a 
lesson?” Samuel was taken aback and raised his head, only to see a black figure descending the stairs 
gracefully. She was dressed in an embroidered black gown that made her skin as white as snow. 
Her delicate waist looked as though it could snap at the slightest touch. 
And, her swan-like neck was exposed, revealing her prominent clavicles. 
Half of her palm-sized face was hidden by her jet-black hair, and her features were so beautiful that 
they were perfect. 
With just one glance, she captivated everyone’s gaze. 
Samuel was dumbfounded. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. “Lucille Jules?!” 
How could it be possible? 
Lucille seemed ordinary before, but where did this overbearing confidence now come from? 
Her whole demeanor has completely changed. 
She had transformed into one that was detached, alluring, and beyond reach. 
Was this still the same old Lucille Jules? 
Samuel hid his amazement and warned, “Lucille Jules, I’m warning you not to bully Zoey!” 
Lucille descended the stairs with a cold curl of her lips, each step measured and deliberate. 
Samuel stared at her intently and subconsciously swallowed his saliva. 
Samuel braced himself for her explanation, but to his astonishment, she walked right past him to the 
door without even sparing him a glance. 
Samuel enapped “Lurifle noveldrama
the had no time to 
Zom etond frozen hi 
in meing wit 
The event wat ni 
undeilding the way 
With Lurille gnns how wee che going to ban the eher gings 
Let it po. Charles Zony breathed out her voice barely above a leger Can you please take me to sched? 
oning to 
Drily then Samuel withdrew his angry glare she took her hand tatt ge take you he said firmly
###Chapter 10
Lucille left the Jules Villa and walked to the roadside to wait for the bus. 
It might sound unbelievable, but as the daughter of the Jules family, she had no money on her. 
Howard had frozen all her bank accounts as a punishment. 
And even the driver of the house had been assigned to serve Zoey, not her. 
The reason for Howard’s action was to force Lucille to hand over her 40% shares. 
Thinking of this, Lucille couldn’t help but sneer. 
Oh, how she looked forward to showing Howard the true definition of regret. 
Beep! noveldrama
Suddenly, a loud car horn startled her out of her thoughts. 
She raised her head and saw a top-class luxury car slowly stopping in front of her. 
The car window rolled down, revealing a man with a stunningly gorgeous side face. “Hey, little girl, get 
in the car,” he said. 
Lucille looked at Joseph, who was sitting in the back seat, and her eyes narrowed slightly. “Mr. Joseph, 
what a coincidence?” 
Lucille’s choice of words was not lost on Joseph, as the word “coincidence” carried an implicit 
message. 
Joseph turned his head, revealing a sharp, refined gaze that settled upon Lucille’s exquisite, fair 
features Though her lips curved into a smile, they appeared superficial, never reaching her eyes. 
There was some vigilance deep in her eyes. 
Joseph couldn’t help but laugh. 
Her superficial mannerisms and polite gestures came across to him as insincere and lacking in genuine 
warmth. 
He withdrew his gaze and smirked, “It’s not a coincidence. I have been planning this for a long time.” 
He had been planning this for a long time? 
Lucille squinted her eyes. “What does Mr. Joseph want from me today?” 
Joseph didn’t answer her question. He just lowered his head and fixed his sleeves, saying, “Get in the 
car, and I’ll tell you.” 
Without a second thought, Lucille pulled open the car door and hopped inside. 
Around the street corner, there was a white luxury car parked. 
Zoey and Samuel sat in the car, staring incredulously at the scene before them. 
What did they just witness? 
Lucille getting into a luxury car? 
Zoey narrowed her eyes, and a cruel glimmer flickered in them. 
“Samuel, I can’t believe what I just saw,” Zoey exclaimed, her eyes flashing with anger. “Lucille got into 
a stranger’s car like it was nothing! Doesn’t she have any self-respect? Even if the guy is loaded, she 
shouldn’t lower herself like that.” 
Her eyes brimmed with tears, and she looked pitiful. “If Dad finds out about it, he will beat her to 
death!” 
Without knowing the truth, Zoey had already formed an opinion of Lucille as being someone who 
lacked dignity and propriety. 
Samuel took a deep breath and gritted his teeth. “Shame on her!” 
Zoey sighed and flashed a sinister smile where Samuel couldn’t see her. 
She had something good waiting for Lucille when they arrived at school later! 
Outside an elite aristocratic school. 
Culver stopped the car. “Mr. Joseph, we have arrived.” 
Lucille looked out the window with a calm expression, not at all surprised that Joseph knew she was 
attending this school. 
The original owner of this body was a freshman studying medicine in this college, and today was the 
day for registration. 
If it weren’t for this, she wouldn’t have wanted to come. 
“Thank you.” Lucille pushed open the car door and prepared to get out. 
But Joseph grabbed her wrist. “Wait.” 
Lucille turned her head and ran into his charming eyes. 
“What’s wrong?” 
Joseph’s eyes were locked on Lucille’s brown orbs, as he uttered, “A mere thank you, is that all?” 
Lucille lifted an eyebrow in response. “Do you require something more from me to express my 
gratitude?” 
Her tone was even-tempered, and her eyes held steady. 
And, her composure was unwavering under the weight of Joseph’s dominating presence. 
Joseph remained transfixed on her, almost as though he was trying to see past her and gaze upon 
someone else, his eyes shrouded in deeper mystery. 
After a while, he slowly let go of her wrist. “Forget it.” 
He didn’t even know what he was expecting from her.. 
Lucille was puzzled as she watched him, and she withdrew her hand before getting out of the car 
without looking back. 
She walked into the campus, and the scorching gaze from behind only disappeared when she was far 
away. 
She wasn’t stupid. Joseph must have had some ulterior motives toward her, even if he denied it. 
However, she knew that Joseph was not someone to be trifled with. 
Her intuition told her that this man was dangerous. 
And, he seemed to be constantly testing her. 
Had he discovered something? 
Lucille shook her head and stepped into the teaching block of her subject. 
This building was full of painful memories for the original owner of this body. 
She had been bullied, isolated, and hurt by cruel words here. 
As soon as Lucille entered the building, she felt a strong sorrow and pain from the original owner. 
Despite the discomfort, Lucille forcefully suppressed it and whispered, “Don’t be afraid. I won’t let 
anymore.” 
Her emotions gradually stabilized as she made her way up to the third floor classroom. 
you suffer 
When she arrived at the door, she saw the previously restless classmates quiet down immediately 
upon seeing 
her. 
Their eyes were gleefully waiting for her to become the butt of their jokes. 
-Lucille sneered, then kicked the door with great force. 
This caused a bucket filled with excrement to fall and splatter all over the students in the classroom. 
It drenched almost everyone in brown filth and filled the room with a putrid stench. 
No one was spared. 
“Argh! Help! That’s so smelly!” 
“Oh! I’m going to vomit. Help me!” 
“Oh my god, what’s this? Is this a maggot? Psst!” 
Lucille stood at the door, arms crossed, coldly watching it all unfold. 
The classmates screamed in disgust and agony. If it were the original owner of this body, she would 
have been drenched in filthy water, then humiliated and mocked by them. 
One of the girls who enjoyed picking on the original owner gritted her teeth and let out a furious shout, 
“Lucille Jules! Do you have a death wish? Who gave you the right to fight back?” 
Lucille smirked. 
It was almost like they thought it was perfectly fine to torment Lucille, but the moment she stood up for 
herself, she was in the wrong. 
Well, today, she would teach these people a lesson! 
Lucille nonchalantly kicked the door open once again, and walked into the classroom. 
The backlight framed her in an awe-inspiring silhouette, her cold and aloof demeanor only adding to 
her allure. 
Dressed in a long black gown, her fair skin glowed like snow, and her noble temperament made her 
seem like a sacred and inviolable goddess. 
The crowd was instantly stunned, their jaws dropping in awe. 
Was this the same Lucille who used to be meek, wearing only white T-shirts and jeans, and rarely 
spoke up? 
How could she have changed so much? 
The boys present all looked at Lucille with sparkling eyes, as if she were a goddess that had 
descended to earth. They were utterly spellbound. 
The girls, on the other hand, were burning with jealousy. 
The leading girl of the bullies, consumed by envy, rushed forward and slapped Lucille across the face. 
“B*tch! You’re digging your own grave!” 
Lucille sneered and swiftly grabbed the girl’s wrist, twisting it back with force. 
A sharp crack echoed through the classroom, followed immediately by an otherworldly scream of 
agony. “Ah!! My hand!” 
The crowd was suddenly frightened, taking in a sharp breath of cold air. 
Who would have thought that Lucille would break Jenny’s hand right before their eyes?! 
How could this be possible?! 
But wasn’t she someone who never fought back before? 
Lucille tilted her head, wearing a sinister smile. 
Lucille held Jenny’s hand tightly and spoke with a nonchalant tone, “I’m sorry. My hand slipped. Don’t 
worry, I’ll help you recover.” 
And then, she applied force on her wrist once again. 
There was another resounding cracking sound. 
Jenny screamed again, her face turning deathly pale with agony, and her forehead covered in a cold 
sweat. Her body was also trembling. 
Demon! 
Lucille had transformed into a demon! 
###Chapter 11
Burning with fury, Jenny’s face contorted in pain. She refused to give in. 
She couldn’t believe that the once pliable Lucille, whom she used to toy with, was now daring to openly 
rebel against her in front of her classmates. 
Being humiliated this way made her blood boil. 
“B*tch! How dare you break my hand! I’m going to the police! I’m going to sue you for breaking my 
arm!” Jenny shouted fiercely. 
Lucille sneered and pushed Jenny back forcefully. 
Jenny immediately stumbled and fell back, just in time to fall into the bucket just now. Her whole body 
was soaked in the stench of poop. 
Instantly, the crowd recoiled in disgust, covering their noses and retreating as far away as possible. 
Jenny lay in the bucket, and her face was splashed with shit. She felt like she was going crazy. 
She stood up with anger, her finger pointing at Lucille. “You better wait! I will get you locked up for 
sure!” Lucille chuckled mockingly. “Lock me up? And how exactly are you going to do that?” 
“I…” Jenny suddenly fell silent, surprised to find that her hand was not injured at all! 
What was going on here? 
Wasn’t her arm broken? 
She couldn’t help but wonder how her hand was perfectly fine now. 
No, her hand wasn’t broken; it was just dislocated, and Lucille had put it back in place. 
How could this be possible? 
Was Lucille infamous for being an absolute airhead? How on earth could she know how to reset a 
dislocated bone? 
Didn’t she always end up at the bottom of the class in her test scores?! 
Jenny took a deep breath and immediately gave a wink to the follower next to her. 
That person immediately stood up, her head held high, and said, “We all witnessed you attacking 
Jenny in front of so many people! You can’t deny it!” 
“Exactly! We can all testify.” 
The others chimed in one after another. 
“Besides, you have stained our designer clothes. You must compensate us!” 
“That’s right! We must make her pay! Jenny, let’s call the police and have her arrested!” 
The commotion in the classroom was like a buzzing fly trapped in a straw pit, making Lucille’s ears 
ache. 
She looked coldly at the group of people before her. noveldrama
Many of them were the culprits responsible for the original owner’s death that night. 
They had forced her into the pool, and when she struggled to climb out, they cruelly pushed her back in 
and drowned her alive. 
However, these people showed no remorse upon seeing Lucille. Instead, they grew even more 
ruthless. Lucille couldn’t help but wonder, had they lost all sense of humanity? 
Her lips curled into a cold smile, void of any warmth. 
Her icy gaze swept over the faces of these people, sending a bone-chilling coldness through their 
bodies. Suddenly, everyone felt a chill run down their spine and a coldness rising from their feet 
spreading throughout 
their bodies. 
Lucille took a step forward, her voice low and menacing. “Call the police? Perfect, I have something to 
say to 
them too.” 
Her cold eyes glared at each of the people who had harmed the original owner. “You deliberately 
pushed me into the water, causing me to drown and nearly die. Whose crime is worse here 
you 
think?” 
Everyone’s faces turned pale as they took a few steps back guiltily. 
Jenny snorted coldly. “What do you mean? Deliberately pushing you into the water? You almost killed 
Zoey, we had to stand up for her!” 
“That’s right! You’re such a vicious woman, pushing Zoey down the stairs because of your jealousy. 
That’s too much of you!” 
“How can you hurt such a kind person like Zoey? An evil woman like you deserves to die!” 
Lucille’s face darkened, her eyes devoid of any emotions as a chorus of malicious insults echoed 
through the classroom. 
At that moment, Zoey walked into the room, pretending to be surprised. “What’s going on? Why is the 
classroom so messy?” 
Following that, she approached Lucille feigning worry. “Lucille, have they gotten the wrong idea about 
you again? Jenny, the truth is not what you believe. Let’s not pick on her further.” 
Jenny glared at Lucille with anger. “Zoey, why are you being so compassionate? She clearly hated you, 
yet you’re still defending her. Such a malevolent woman like her doesn’t deserve to exist!” 
“That’s right, Zoey. Don’t defend her. Don’t worry, we’ll all stand by your side and protect you!” 
“Let’s make a scene today and get the school to fire her!” 
Lucille leaned on the podium and said, “You said I pushed Zoey? Who saw it? Where’s the evidence?” 
Everyone was immediately taken aback. 
Yes, everyone said that Lucille pushed Zoey down the stairs, but who saw it when it happened? 
Jenny narrowed her eyes and said spitefully, “Who else could it be but you?” 
Lucille sneered and turned on the computer on the podium, inserting a USB drive. “It’s okay. Since 
everyone is so outraged about that day, why don’t I replay the scene for you?” 
Zoey was struck dumb as she watched Lucille turn on her computer and project the screen onto the 
projector. “Lucille, you…” 
Before she could finish her sentence, the surveillance video of the incident began playing on the 
computer. 
In the video, it was clearly shown that Zoey and Samuel were hugging and kissing in the corridor. 
The more they kissed, the more they grew fervent. Samuel’s hands roamed her chest, and as they 
continued to kiss, they walked toward the bedroom. 
The classroom erupted in a collective gasp. 
“Oh my god, is that you, Zoey?” exclaimed someone in disbelief. 
“I can’t believe she’s so wild! She usually acts so innocent, but I guess it’s all an act, someone 
commented, their tone dripping with sarcasm. 
“Tsk, tsk, tsk, this is getting interesting,” someone else said. 
Hearing the boys’ lewd comments, Zoey’s face turned deathly pale. 
What was going on? 
Hadn’t all the videos been taken care of? 
How could Lucille have a video in her possession? 
Lucille looked at Zoey with a smirk, closed the video, and said, “I’m sorry, I accidentally hit the wrong 
button. It’s my fault for showing you the scene of these shameless lovers cheating on me behind my 
back.” 
With that, she clicked on another video. 
In the video, Lucille emerged from the stairwell, tears streaming down her face as she loudly 
interrogated Samuel and Zoey. 
“Why did you do this? Samuel, you’re my fiance. Why did you get involved with Zoey? She’s my 
sister!” 
“And you, Zoey. You knew he was my fiance, yet you chose to hook up with him. Don’t you feel any 
shame? Do you know what this makes you? A sl*t!” 
“Lucille!” Zoey cried, her eyes brimming with tears. She rushed over and grabbed Lucille’s hand. 
“Please, listen to me. Things aren’t what they seem.” 
Lucille winced and suddenly pulled her hand away from Zoey’s grip. 
In that instant, the video froze, zooming in on the hand that Zoey had placed on Lucille’s wrist. 
Everyone could see from the video that Lucille was wincing in pain as Zoey’s thumb dug into her wrist. 
Then the video resumed playing normally. 
In the footage, Lucille was in pain as she forcefully shook off Zoey’s hand. 
But despite having plenty of room to move to a safer location, Zoey purposely fell towards the stairwell, 
even looking back before falling as if to find the right angle. 
It was such an obvious fake fall that anyone with eyes could see through it. 
Lucille slowly curled her lips into a sneer. “Zoey,” she said, her voice laced with disdain. “Why would 
you deliberately fall down the stairs in such a wide corridor? Did you take the time to find a good spot to
land? You had time to turn around and look for the best way to fall, but not enough time to reach out 
and grab the handrail. That’s weird.” 
###Chapter 12
Zoey stood where she was, her face deathly pale and her lips quivering. She didn’t know how to 
respond. 
Jenny gritted her teeth and fumed. “The video was definitely edited by someone! Maybe you even used 
Al face- swapping technology! Lucille, you have no shame! First, you almost killed Zoey, and now 
you’re trying to frame 
her!” 
“That’s right, it’s obviously a fake video. How could Zoey be such a person?” 
“Lucille Jules, you’ve gone too far! Just go die!” 
Lucille smiled. 
To be honest, while she had experienced similar situations during her time in Dilsburg, her family had 
always protected her well. The people around her also treated her kindly, taking her background into 
consideration. 
Therefore, it was the first time she had met people who were so shameless and could lie without 
batting an 
eye. 
What really stood out to her was that they had no remorse at all. 
Without saying a word, she played the scene of the original owner being pushed into the pond and 
drowned to death by them. 
The original owner’s screams in the video were agonizing and ear-piercing. Just listening to them was 
enough to make people’s hair stand on end. 
“Help” I don’t know how to swim!” 
“Please, save me I swear I didn’t push her.” 
“I was wrong. So wrong. If I had known this would happen, I would not have chosen to be born into this 
world…” 
This was the last thing the original owner said. 
After uttering these words, she seemed to have lost all will to live and allowed the group of people to 
press her 
underwater. 
What were these murderers doing then? 
They laughed and insulted her. They scolded her, saying she deserved to die. 
No one believed her. Everyone thought she deserved to die. 
It was they who pushed her to a dead end. 
Lucille turned off the video and looked down at the crowd, who had turned pale. “What’s wrong? Do 
you also want to accuse me of editing this video?” 
Everyone involved in this matter knew what really happened. Guiltily, they took a step back and 
remained silent 
Jenny couldn’t hold back her anger any longer and stood up, saying sternly. “So what? I said you 
brought this on yourself. You deserved it!” 
Lucille laughed instead of getting angry “Whether I deserve to die or not will be determined by the law. 
But as for you all, do you need me to educate you on the law? Aren’t you all medical students? Do you 
know the kind of punishment you’ll receive for the crime of intentional murder?” 
“According to Article 232 of our country’s Criminal Law, intentional homicide is punishable by death, life 
imprisonment, or imprisonment for more than 10 years!” 
“For less serious offense, the sentence is imprisonment for more than three years but less than ten 
years.” “Instead of thinking about how to make amends and reduce your sentence, you’re still here 
speaking up for Zoey Johnson? Are you brainwashed by her?” 
Jenny’s face turned as white as a sheet at the accusation. 
Like the rest, Zoey’s face was pale and her hands hung tightly by her sides as she seethed with hatred 
in her 
eyes. 
That cursed Lucille! How dare she strike her like that! 
Jenny panicked and lost her composure. 
She had taken the lead in the incident that day. If they were really convicted, she would definitely have 
the most serious charge. 
She was still young and the thought of spending the rest of her life behind bars was unbearable. 
However, her confidence quickly returned. “Don’t think for a second that I’m intimidated by your legal 
threats. As long as we deny everything, what can you do? The law will not hold us all accountable! And 
besides, you’re standing here with us, so where’s the evidence that we intended to kill anyone?” 
Lucille sneered with her head down. “If I wasn’t standing here, you would be charged with actual 
murder, my foolish friends!” 
In fact, they had been murderers all along. 
The original owner of this body was killed, and an innocent life was taken! 
Lucille would personally help her get justice! 
“It’s useless to try to talk your way out of this,” Lucille said icily. Take your excuses to the police, where 
you belong!” 
After turning off the video and clutching the USB in her hand, she turned and left. 
She felt more and more disgusted by this filthy place with every passing second. 
Panic spread among them when they found out she was going to call the police. 
“Zoey!” Jenny ran to look for her. “Please help us! We only did that for you!” 
Zoey bit her lip tightly, suppressing her surging hatred, and chased after Lucille. 
She rushed up and grabbed Lucille’s wrist, desperation in her voice. “Please, don’t be so cold-hearted, 
Lucille! I’ll kneel to you if I have to, but please don’t make things difficult for them!” Thud! Zoey dropped 
to her knees. noveldrama
When a boy who had a crush on Zoey saw this, he became furious. 
Zoey, don’t kneel down to her! Let her call the police if she wants to! With so many of us, are we afraid 
of her?” 
“Exactly” another person agreed. “She’s been bullying you. We don’t have to put up with it!” 
Jenny was deeply moved to see Zoey kneel down and beg for mercy on their behalf. In a moment of 
heated passion, she exclaimed, “Zoey, get up! I’m not afraid of her! I want to see what she can do to 
us!” 
Jenny had every reason to be confident. Her family was powerful and influential, much more so than 
the Jules family. She had nothing to fear. 
Upon hearing Jenny’s words, the individuals who had participated in the assault immediately regained 
their courage, the fear in their hearts vanishing into thin air. Their previous arrogance and conceit 
returned. 
“Don’t be scared, Zoey. We’ll protect you.” 
“Don’t worry, we won’t let Lucille off the hook!” 
Lucille’s eyes were cold and distant as she gazed down at the weeping Zoey. Her lips curved into a sly 
smile. 
She was so sick and tired of this ruse. 
But did Zoey have any other tricks up her sleeve? 
Lucille knew she was quite cunning. Every time Zoey played the victim card, this group of fools behind 
her would fall for its hook, line, and sinker. 
No wonder the original owner of her body was trampled and abused by Zoey. 
Lucille snorted coldly and ignored Zoey, allowing herself to be helped up by others. 
Just then, four police officers entered the room. 
“Who here knows Lucille Jules?” 
Lucille turned around. “It’s me.” 
As she waited for her ride on the roadside that morning, Lucille had already called the cops, 
determined to resolve this matter today. 
The surveillance footage had been turned over to the police, and Lucille believed that justice would be 
served 
soon. 
The law would never let a guilty person slip through the cracks! 
The officer walked in and said, “So, you’re the one who reported that someone tried to kill you? The 
suspects are all here. Come with us.” 
The policeman took out his notebook and called out the names of the participants one by one. 
The crowd immediately cowered and stammered, “Officer, we didn’t mean to kill anyone. It was just a 
harmless prank.” 
The officer immediately frowned and scolded, “A prank? Do you take the law as a joke? Even if you 
were just playing around, your recklessness almost caused someone’s death. That’s still considered 
attempted murder! Take them away!” 
Several other officers rushed in and prepared to take the suspects away. 
The group immediately looked at Zoey in panic. 
On the night of the incident, Zoey solemnly informed them that she had asked Samuel to delete the 
surveillance footage just in case. 
However, to their surprise, the surveillance footage still ended up in Lucille’s hands. 
Well, the data of the surveillance cameras had been wiped clean anyway. They believed they could get 
away 
with claiming that the footage in Lucille’s possession was a forgery. 
Comforted by their belief in their own innocence, the group sneered at Lucille and prepared to leave. 
“Let’s go!” Jenny taunted Lucille, “I dare her to try and use that footage to convict us!”
###Chapter 13
The police car blared as it sped away from the school. 
A total of nine people, including Lucille, were in the car, the other eight being the culprits involved in the 
drowning incident. 
As she watched Lucille and the others leave, Zoey suddenly felt a surge of anxiety. 
For some reason, she always had a sense that things were going to spiral out of her control. 
Zoey immediately called Howard, feigning panic in her voice. “Dad! Bad news! Lucille suddenly 
reported to the police and took her classmates to the station. Even the Zanes family’s daughter, Jenny, 
is there! What are we going to do? You’re supposed to collaborate with the Zanes family soon, right?” 
Howard was furious. He screamed on the phone, “That d’mn girl! Let me handle her!” 
The incident was so big that even the principal was alarmed and rushed to the police station to find out 
what happened. 
Upon learning that it was Lucille who called the police, the principal’s face turned black. 
It was that troublesome girl, Lucille, again! 
Was she trying to ruin the school’s reputation?! 
The principal quickly called the dean in an empty corner, “Quickly inform the Zanes family and have 
them figure out a way to get people out of the police station! We can’t let this matter get out to the 
media. It’s crucial that we keep it under wraps.” 
As soon as Lucille arrived at the police station, she was promptly called in to give her statement alone. 
She recounted the events of that night in great detail, and presented the hospital’s medical records that 
she had prepared beforehand. 
The medical records clearly indicated that she had suffocated and suffered a heart attack due to 
drowning. 
It was only after an entire night of intense rescue efforts by the doctors that she was finally revived. 
After completing her statement, the officer looked at her with sympathy and said, “You may leave now.” 
Lucille stood up, thanked him, and left the interrogation room. 
However, as soon as she stepped out into the police station’s main hall, she was met with a slap to her 
face. 
The unexpected blow caused her face to tilt to one side, and a fiery pain surged through her face while 
a metallic taste of blood filled her mouth. 
She raised her hand to touch her red and swollen cheek, her eyes flashing with a wave of fierce and 
chilling anger. 
“Lucille! You ungrateful beast!” Howard’s eyes blazed with fury, as he wished he could tear her apart 
with his gaze. “We have raised you for years, and this is how you repay us?” 
With his rage still unquenched, Howard raised his hand again and tried to strike her once more. 
The nearby officers could not tolerate his behavior and quickly grabbed his hand, reprimanding him, 
“What’s all this noise? This is a police station, not your home!” 
Taking a deep breath, Howard forced a smile and said, “Officer, I’m just teaching my daughter a 
lesson.” “Even if that’s the case, you can’t resort to violence! This is domestic violence, a serious crime.
We can press charges against you!” The officer’s voice was firm and resolute. 
Immediately scared, Howard cowered and apologized, “I’m sorry, officer. I’ll be more careful.” 
As soon as the officers left, Howard revealed his true colors and glared at Lucille with disgust. He 
growled in a low voice, “You b*stard! Who told you to call the police? Drop the case now! Don’t you 
know that the Zanes family is my important business partner? By sending their daughter to the police 
station, are you trying to 
sabotage me?” 
“Drop the case and apologize to your classmates! Beg for their forgiveness!” he ordered. 
Looking at her heartless father in front of her, Lucille couldn’t help but feel sorry for the original owner of 
this body. 
How could such a cold-blooded person be so heartless to his own daughter? 
Did he even deserve to call himself a father? 
Seeing Lucille’s silence, Howard’s anger grew. “You evil creature! Are you deaf? Are you playing dumb 
with me? Watch me beat you to death!” 
Unable to bear it any longer, a female police officer ordered Howard to be kicked out. 
She handed Lucille an ice bag and said, “Put this on. Don’t leave any scars on that beautiful face of 
yours.” 
Lucille whispered a thank you and took the ice bag. She stood aside and quietly applied the ice to her 
face. 
With her lowered gaze and silence, she appeared well-behaved and quiet, exuding a captivating charm 
that drew sympathy from all who beheld her. 
The police officer gazed upon her with a compassionate expression, shook her head gently, and turned 
to enter the interrogation room. 
Seated in the interrogation room was Jenny, wearing an arrogant expression. 
She and the other seven individuals were brought into an unused interrogation room. 
Yet they remained unafraid, for they had secretly exchanged their confessions long ago. Jenny was 
unwavering in her confidence; she knew her family would come to her aid shortly, having already 
arranged for her protection. 
Seated across from her, the police officer began the interrogation, starting with the question of her 
name. Jenny impatiently rolled her eyes and replied, “I am Jenny, the eldest daughter of the Zanes 
family.” 
“Age?” 
She calmly replied, “I am nineteen years old.” 
The officer then asked, “On the night of the incident, were you the first person to push Lucille into the 
water?” Jenny nonchalantly gazed at the ceiling and replied, “No, I wasn’t.” 
The officer didn’t believe her and directly presented a screenshot of the surveillance video, challenging noveldrama
her to tell the truth. 
Jenny crossed her legs and remained fearless. “Even if you asked me ten thousand times, I would still 
say the same thing: no!” 
The officer inhaled deeply and suppressed her rage. “We had the video verified by an expert. There are 
no traces of fabrication. You may choose to lie, but remember, once the police find the evidence, a new 
charge will be added to your crimes!” 
Jenny sneered, “Whatever you say.” 
In any case, they had coordinated their stories, all eight of them. They would unanimously claim their 
ignorance of Lucille’s accusation. What could the police do to them? 
However, what Jenny didn’t expect was that a boy from their group, unable to withstand the police’s 
interrogation due to his humble background, confessed everything. 
“At first, Jenny was the one who pushed Lucille into the water. She did not allow her to swim to the 
shore. We… We wanted to stand up for Zoey, so we held Lucille’s head and kept her submerged.” 
-The officer frowned, “How is what you did any different from murder?” 
The boy shifted his gaze uneasily. “Later, she drowned and lost consciousness. We were afraid and 
immediately rescued her. Who would have known that as soon as she made it ashore, she woke up 
and became a different person. She suddenly choked me, and then she hit all of us. I still have bruises 
on my body!” After speaking, he seemed to remember something, and stared at the officer with wide 
eyes. “Sir, what Lucille did constitutes intentional harm, right?” 
The police officer’s face turned grim. “That was a case of self-defense. As a university student, you 
should 
learn some basic laws.” 
The boy shrank back and added, “We didn’t intend to harm her. After all, she was the one who pushed 
Zoey 
down the stairs first.” 
The officer suppressed his desire to strike the boy and demanded, “You were present when the 
incident. occurred. Why did you not intervene and stop her from shoving Zoey down the stairs? We 
have investigated the matter and discovered that you and your group constantly isolated and bullied 
Lucille. So, why did she invite you to her birthday party?” 
The boy stammered for a prolonged moment before finally confessing. “She did not invite us. It was 
Zoey who invited us as she feared that Lucille’s birthday party would be too lackluster.” 
The officer and the recording staff beside him exchanged a knowing glance as Zoey’s name had been. 
mentioned numerous times throughout the investigation. 
It appeared that the crux of this incident revolved around her. 
“Fetch Zoey Johnson here,” ordered the officer, determined to uncover the truth.
###Chapter 14
Upon receiving the call from the police, Zoey threw herself into Samuel’s arms and cried out in agony, 
“Samuel, what’s happening? Why are they summoning me to the police station? What has Lucille 
blabbed to them?” Samuel lovingly embraced her and comforted her, saying, “Don’t be afraid, my dear. 
With me here, no one will harm you. As for Lucille, I’ll deal with her when the time comes!” 
Zoey nestled her face against Samuel’s chest and whispered, “You’re so kind, Samuel.” 
Samuel’s love for her grew even stronger, and he personally drove her to the police station. 
The moment they entered the police station, they ran into Lucille, who was just about to leave. 
Samuel glared at Lucille with contempt and spat, “Lucille, I’ve noticed you’ve become increasingly 
disgusting lately. You’re using such low tactics just to get my attention. It makes me sick!” 
Lucille remained silent, speechless. 
She had encountered many strange individuals before, but never one so narcissistic as him. 
Which eye of his had seen her trying to attract his attention? 
There was no denying it – Samuel and Zoey were a match made in heaven. 
What an oddball and a b*tch – unbelievable! 
Lucille made no attempt to hide the contempt in her eyes. With a derisive snort, she walked away. 
Samuel, on the other hand, believed that Lucille was embarrassed. He lifted his hand to stop her and 
put his other arm around Zoey’s waist. “Lucille, I warn you. Drop the charges now or not only will the
Zanes family come after you, but I will make you regret it, too. Besides, the school won’t tolerate you. 
Soon, you will be expelled!” 
Lucille sneered and lowered her head, then looked up with a cold gaze. “What’s it to you, b*stard?” 
Samuel and Zoey were both stunned. 
Neither of them had expected Lucille to answer back. 
Samuel held back his anger for a long time before he said, “You dare use such language?” 
Lucille raised her eyes, her exquisite face shining in the sunlight, so fair and delicate that it could easily 
blind. any onlooker. “What’s the matter? Do you have any problems with that?” she asked coldly, her 
voice laced with a hint of icy disdain. 
“Haha!” 
Suddenly, a deep, sensual chuckle echoed through the air from a nearby corner. 
Lucille narrowed her eyes and turned her head, only to see Joseph standing at the gate of the police 
station, looking at her with a smile. 
Joseph standing at the gate of the police station was tall and elegant, with an air of nobility that was 
impossible to ignore. His strikingly handsome face was godlike in its perfection, leaving everyone 
breathless and in awe. 
Fixing his gaze intently on Lucille, his eyes were filled with a captivating charm that could ensnare 
anyone who gazed into them. 
A faint red tint curved up at the corners of his eyes, exuding an enchanting and alluring vibe. 
Truly a devil in disguise he was! 
Lucille’s heart rate accelerated suddenly, but she managed to slow it down and looked away calmly. 
Samuel stared at Joseph warily, but was instantly overwhelmed by the powerful aura emanating from 
him. 
He stood up straight, determined not to be defeated. 
But Joseph didn’t spare him a glance and walked straight to Lucille. 
Lucille subconsciously stepped back, but behind her was a chair. In a moment of carelessness, she lost 
her balance and fell back. 
“Watch out!” 
Above her head, Joseph let out a worried cry and swiftly moved to her side, a blazing-hot hand 
clasping her waist before pulling her forward. 
Lucille cried out in surprise and suddenly found herself in Joseph’s embrace, smelling the scent of 
medicinal herbs all over his body. 
Their bodies were pressed tightly against each other in a tantalizing pose that hinted at something 
deeper. Lucille was the first to recover her composure. A rare expression of embarrassment and 
annoyance flashed across her usually calm face. 
Unfazed, Joseph held her waist in a firm embrace, his thin lips curling up into a seductive grin. “Miss 
Lucille, are you trying to hit on me? It seems I have no choice but to surrender myself to you,” he said 
with playful 
allure. 
Lucille regained her senses, only to find that she was tightly embracing him by the waist. 
Her ears blushed crimson, and she pushed him away with both embarrassment and irritation. “That 
was an accident,” she said. 
Joseph chuckled softly, his gaze pausing on her rosy earlobe, and his eyes darkened. 
As she was about to speak, a group of people suddenly burst into the room. They were all the parents 
of the students 
Joseph squinted his eyes and grabbed Lucille, who was about to leave. “Come with me,” he said. 
Without regard to her struggling, he took her hand and they left through the side door. 
Zoey leaned into Samuel’s arms and watched them leave, her jealous eyes on the verge of popping out noveldrama
of her 
skull 
Once again! 
Mr. Joseph had once again come to the aid of that despicable woman, Lucille Jules! 
*mn it! 
What was so great about that b*tch? 
Why could Mr. Joseph only see Lucille and not her? 
“Samuel…” Zoey bit her lip, beginning to whine again. “After all, Lucille is still your fiancee, even if it’s 
only nominal. How can she flirt with another man in front of you?” 
Samuel’s face immediately darkened. 
Although he was the one who cheated on her first, he was a man! Most men would be unfaithful in their 
relationships anyway. 
But Lucille was a girl. How could she hook up with another man so brazenly in front of him?! In old 
days, her action was punishable by death! 
“What a sl*t! Shameless!” Samuel said angrily. “Just wait, I will break off the engagement with her as 
soon as possible! Zoey, my wife can only be pure and kind like you.” 
Zoey lowered her head, concealing the triumphant gleam in her eyes. “Samuel, that’s so kind of you, 
but…” She feigned a sigh of disappointment. “I am just an adopted daughter of the Jules family, unlike 
Lucille, who holds so many shares of the Jules Group. The Gilbert family will definitely look down on 
me.” 
Samuel took a deep breath and said, “Don’t worry. I will talk to Mr. Jules and come up with the best 
solution.” Lucille was just a fool; what right did she have to hold so many shares? 
-She should surrender them all to Howard, and gave the half of it to Zoey. 
In that way, Zoey could use the shares as her dowry and marry him! 
In the Maybach. 
Joseph held Lucille’s hand and got into the car. He whispered, “I’m sorry, it happened suddenly. I’m just 
afraid they will harm you.” 
Lucille lowered her gaze to the strong hand on her wrist, her pupils narrowing. 
She had thought Joseph was a frail man, but she was surprised by his strength. 
“Let go,” she murmured. 
Joseph arched an eyebrow and calmly released her hand. “Miss Lucille, aren’t you curious about why 
I’m here?” 
Rubbing her sore wrist, Lucille turned to gaze out the window. 
“I don’t know. Are you here to help me?” she asked skeptically. 
Joseph turned his head and looked at her with a playful glint in his eyes. “Well, that’s possible.” 
Lucille was momentarily taken aback, her expression darkening. “Joseph, I don’t like to beat around the 
bush. What is your purpose for getting close to me?” 
Joseph raised an eyebrow and answered with a question, “What did you call me?” 
Suppressing her anger, Lucille replied through gritted teeth, “Joseph.” 
Joseph’s thin lips curved slightly. “I like it.” 
Lucille remained silent, unsure of what to say next. 
Did he have a serious illness? 
She posed a question, but he responded with an unrelated answer. 
Could anyone be really so dismissive? 
Lucille took a deep breath, ready to speak, but before she could, he interrupted, “It’s time for dinner.” 
The implication in his words was self-evident. 
Lucille turned her gaze forward and said, “I don’t have any money.” 
“No problem,” Joseph said with a meaningful smile. “I’ll treat you.” 
He instructed Culver, “Go to Roger’s Fine Dining.” 
Lucille furrowed her eyebrows, suddenly feeling that something was amiss. 
Had she been duped? 
Roger’s Fine Dining was situated in the heart of Shein City, its tranquil environment and exquisite 
dishes. making it a standout among the bustling surroundings. 
Without a reservation, one could not even get inside. 
Yet, a single phone call was all it took for him to be warmly received. 
When Lucille got out of the car, she noticed that there was a pawnshop called Mount Ocean House 
next to Roger’s Fine Dining. 
Rumor had it that the enigmatic figure behind the Mount Ocean House was a powerful yet mysterious 
magnate known throughout the world. Whispers of his true identity circulated among the elite, but no 
one dared to speak his name aloud. 
The Mount Ocean House boasted an impressive collection of globally renowned treasures, obtained 
through mysterious means. Despite the potential risks, they boldly auctioned off their finds, 
exemplifying their daring attitude. 
Lucille’s gaze fixated on the Mount Ocean House, her eyes sparkling with an unreadable gleam. 
She had been dreaming of visiting the Mount Ocean House, but never expected to arrive so soon due 
to a twist of fate. 
“Mr. Joseph, please proceed inside. I have some unfinished business to attend to,” Lucille said, 
excusing herself. 
“What did you just call me?” Joseph furrowed his brows in confusion. 
Lucille let out a deep sigh and reluctantly said, “Joseph.” 
Joseph finally nodded in contentment. I’ll head in first and wait for you.” 
As he walked away, Lucille couldn’t help but roll her eyes and mutter, “You’re impossible!” 
With her handbag gripped tightly. Lucille strode confidently into the Mount Ocean House.
###Chapter 15
Mount Ocean House was indeed living up to its name as the world renown pawn shop. Its decor inside 
was extremely luxurious, as evidenced by its jade floors. 
As soon as Lucille stepped into the shop, someone greeted her with a smile. “Miss, do you need any 
help?” 
Lucille nodded. “I want to pawn something of mine.” 
The man immediately bowed and gestured with a smile, “Please, follow me.” 
A few seconds later, Lucille was brought to a secluded room. 
Before her chair could even get warm, two appraisers dressed smartly in suits and leather shoes walk 
in with briefcases in each hand. 
After they settled, Lucille went straight to the point. “I want to sell 40% of the Jules Group’s shares. 
Please, give me your best price.” 
It was obvious that the other party was used to such bold gestures. His expression remained the same. 
“Sure. However, according to the rules, Mount Ocean House gets one percent as commission. So tell 
me, Miss, do you still agree to our deal?” 
Lucille smiled. “Of course, that’s only fair.” 
After that, she pulled out the shareholder’s agreement as well as the land title documents for the Jules 
family’s villa and handed them to the appraiser. “In addition, I want you to sell this villa for me.” 
The appraiser nodded, took both documents from her and began to review them. 
The Jules family’s villa was located in a residential area where famous, wealthy people lived. It was a 
golden. spot that spanned quite some distance. Naturally, the price would not be low. 
After thinking about it for some time, he quoted her with a price of 100 million dollars. 
Lucille raised an eyebrow and tapped her finger on the table. 
After all, Shein City was not as developed as Dilsburg. To be able to sell it for that much was already a 
miracle: 
After reviewing the villa, the appraiser moved onto her shares from Jules Group. 
Although Jules Group was quite a big company, Howard had recently made several questionable calls 
which caused their stock prices to plummet continuously. This, decreased their value tremendously in 
the business. world. 
The best offer he could give her was a billion dollars. 
It was a total of one point one billion. Putting aside the thousand dollar fee that she had to pay Mount 
Ocean House, Lucille would still be able to earn more than a billion. 
It might’ve sound like a lot, but in fact, Lucille was at a deficit. 
However, she didn’t feel like it was a loss. 
Without saying a word, she signed the contract without hesitation. 
At this time, the appraiser, who hadn’t said a word since the beginning, finally broke his silence. “Miss, 
are you sure you don’t want to give it more thought?” 
After Lucille finished signing, she leaned back in a domineering manner. “I never regret the decisions I 
make.” He couldn’t help but see Lucille in a different light. 
For someone her age, she had such courage and boldness. The appraiser could tell that she was 
going to be a bigshot in the future. 
He solemnly accepted the documents and passed them over to the guy beside him to transfer the 
ownership. Reassuring her, he said. “The reason how our business has grown so big, is because 
honesty is the motto we live by. One billion eight thousand and nine hundred dollars isn’t a small 
number, but we have enough capital. Don’t worry, the money will be transferred to your account in two 
hours.” 
Lucille leaned her face against the palm of her hand and said in a laid back manner, “There’s no need 
for that. Please donate the one billion to charity and transfer the remaining money for the villa to me.” 
Hearing this, the appraiser could no longer keep his cool composure. “Wha- I’m sorry, donate it?” 
Was he mistaken? 
1 
Why would someone donate everything they have to charity? 
“That’s right,” Lucille said. “Remember to donate it under my name.” 
She wanted to make sure the people who received her kindness remembered her name. 
They shouldn’t forget someone as generous as her. 
The appraiser was shocked by her generosity. He quickly prepared the charity donation list. After 
Lucille signed her name, he looked at her with great respect and said, “Thank you, Miss Jules, for your 
contribution to charity. Those who have received your help will always remember you.” 
Lucille didn’t say anything. She just smiled, took the documents and the certificate of donation, then 
turned to leave. 
As she walked down the corridor, she could hear the noise of banter coming from another room. 
She stopped in her tracks and listened for a while. 
The person in charge followed behind her and explained awkwardly, “I apologize for the ridiculous 
noise. Not long ago, we received a property to auction for next month, but it’s something that you can’t 
put a price on. Hence, the debacle on what to set the starting price at.” 
Lucille nodded slightly and couldn’t help glancing over. 
Somehow, she could feel this magnetism towards the room that made her zoom in closer. 
She narrowed her eyes and wanted to see what it was, but there were too many people in the 
conference room and she couldn’t see anything. 
The person in charge seemed to have seen through her thoughts and said with a smile, “Miss Jules, 
don’t you worry. We will advertise all our items from the auction in three days time. If you’re interested, 
you can keep an eye out then.” 
Lucille withdrew her gaze and shook her head with a smile. “Forget it, I don’t have enough money left 
for you.” the person in charge was amused by her and chuckled. “You really are the jokester.” 
After that, she couldn’t help but sized Lucille up from head to toe. 
Rumors said that the fifth daughter of the Jules family was an introvert with a bad attitude and no 
manners. But after meeting her today, it seemed that the rumors were not true. 
It was evident that Lucille was an elegant girl that shone in the dark like the moon! 
In a small room within the kitchen… 
Culver pushed the door open in a rush and barged in. He whispered in Joseph’s ear, “Miss Jules left for 
Mount Ocean House. She sold the shares of Jules Group and even the Jules family villa! She would’ve 
earned a billion dollars but she donated all of it instead!” 
He continued to whisper, “I heard when she signed the paper for donation, she didn’t even bat an eye. 
If Howard found out, he would die of anger!” 
Joseph’s thin lips curved into a smile as a hint of interest flashed across his eyes. “Well, it’s definitely 
something she’s capable of.” 
Culver was extremely surprised. “But wasn’t that what her mother left for her. How could she just 
donate it without any hesitation?” 
Joseph glanced back and said in a low voice, “That’s her personal property. Even if she were to give it 
up for free, no one should have a say in it.” 
Culver immediately shut up. 
.Got it! 
Mr. Joseph didn’t even know the details of what went down, but he was already protecting her name 
from a 
corner. 
If he really managed to win her heart, wouldn’t he spoil her rotten? 
Culver gulped as he worked up the courage to ask him if he truly fancied Lucille. 
As soon as his lips parted, someone knocked on the door. 
“Please come in.” 
Lucille pushed open the door and walked in briskly. “Sorry for making you wait so long.” 
Joseph looked at her intently. He stood up and helped her pull out a stool. “It’s fine. Sometimes it’s 
worth waiting for nice things.” 
His words always had a deeper meaning behind them, and Lucille couldn’t help but feel that he was 
implying something. 
As her gaze intertwined with his, she was greeted with a cheeky grin as he passed her a menu, “I’m noveldrama
talking. about the food.” 
Lucille was speechless. 
Culver, who was watching from the side, couldn’t help but feel nervous for him. 
Mr. Joseph! 
This isn’t how you get the girl! 
Lucille took the menu. Ignoring the 4 digit prices of all the dishes, she graciously ordered eight dishes. 
At the end of it, she decided to kindly add on a big bowl of herbal tonic soup. 
Lucille raised her eyes and looked at Joseph, who had by now gone green. She smiled meaningfully. 
“The soup is good for you, especially men as weak as you.” 
The man’s face sank. After a while, he suddenly chuckled and said, “Miss Jules, you seem to care a lot 
for my body. Is it because…” 
Lucille’s smile froze. “What is it?” 
Joseph stopped mid sentence to leave the rest up to her imagination. 
As if he had said something inappropriate, Lucille coughed lightly and picked up her cup of water to 
ease the awkwardness. 
After dinner, Lucille managed to get the bill ahead of Joseph. 
“Let me pay this time. Since you’ve helped me out so much, we’ll call it even once this meal is over.” 
Joseph had been in a good mood at first, but when he heard the phrase ‘call it even’, his face 
immediately. darkened. 
He turned around and forced Lucille into a corner. “So, you want plan to use this meal to draw a line 
between the both of us?”
###Chapter 16
Cowering in the corner, Lucille could feel the cool marble wall plastered against her back, and a tall 
man’s frame blocking her from in front. 
The man was just inches away from her face. His deep eyes stared straight into hers, as if he wanted 
to see through what she was thinking. 
Lucille did not like this kind of intimate distance, so she pushed him back. 
However, Joseph did not give up. He drew in closer again. “Tell me, why are you trying to draw the 
line? What are you afraid of?” 
Lucille tilted her head to avoid his gaze. “I’m not.” 
“You’re not?” Joseph’s voice turned deep. It was oozing sexiness and magnetism. “Then why don’t you 
dare to look me in the eye?” 
Lucille took a deep breath, organized her thoughts, and raised her head in a hurry. “Who said so?” 
As soon as she raised her head, she got drowned into his eyes which were as deep as the Atlantic 
Ocean. 
This was the first time that Lucille had looked at Joseph’s face so closely. 
Even though they had looked at each other dozens of times, she still felt that this man’s eyes were 
really beautiful. 
It was hard to tell what he was, he could’ve been a prince or a monster. 
But she knew that the more charming something was, the more dangerous it would be. 
The same concept applied to men. 
Lucille held her breath, trying hard to look calm. 
But her red tinged ears betrayed her right away. 
Joseph lowered his eyes and looked at the girl before him, who was like a frightened white rabbit with 
its anxious eyes. His thin lips curled up slightly. 
He liked to see her panic. 
This showed that in her heart, he was special. 
The man lowered his head and was about to speak when a male voice called out to him in surprise. 
“Joseph? 
Joseph and Lucille froze at the same time. 
The next second, Lucille pushed him away and jumped to stand beside him. 
Outside the door, a young man with blonde hair walked in and said, “It really is you!” 
With that, he looked curiously at Lucille. 
When he saw her face clearly, he was so scared that he took a step back. “I saw what you were doing 
earlier… Joseph, you, you…” 
Lucille tidied her hair and said in a cold voice, “I’m leaving.” 
After she left, Austin Collins immediately made his way to stand right in front of Joseph. “What is going 
on Joseph? When did you associate yourself with the black sheep of the Jules family? Do you know
how bad her reputation is in Shein City? Almost everyone in the city knows that she is a scandalous 
woman with no morals. She…” 
-Before he could finish his words, the man grabbed his ear and kicked him onto the sofa. 
“Ouch!” Austin screamed as he fell onto his back. Shielding his ears, he glared at Joseph. “How dare 
you hit me, Joseph?! I’m telling Grandma.” 
Without so much as a backward glance, Joseph quickly ran out of the restaurant to catch up with 
Lucille. 
The more Austin thought about it, the more upset he became. He immediately pulled out his phone to 
report everything he had seen to their grandmother. 
Hmph! 
He wasn’t going to let Joseph be led astray! 
He felt the duty to extinguish whatever they had now before the sparks of love ignite! 
Thinking that Madam Collins would be furious, never in his wildest dreams would he imagine her to be 
over the moon to hear this piece of news. 
“Really? Has he finally fallen for that girl?” 
Austin was stunned. 
What was going on? 
“Grandma, did you miss the main point?” he screamed in his head. 
That wasn’t what Austin was trying to do! 
“Grandma! That girl is famous for being a sly fox! Joseph is going to fall for one of her cunning plans!” 
Austin shouted into the phone, afraid that his grandmother might’ve been deaf. 
Madam Collins grinned from ear to ear. “Great! Joseph has finally come to his senses! It would seem 
that I’ll get to see my grandchild very soon! You said that the girl is the daughter of the Jules family, 
didn’t you? I’ll pay them a visit tomorrow and have the marriage arranged right away!” 
After that, she hung up the phone excitedly, leaving Austin alone in a mess in the wind. 
What was going on? 
Why was Grandma so happy? 
Wasn’t she angry that Joseph was fooled by that scandalous b*tch? 
Lord, he couldn’t understand this world anymore…. 
Hold on a minute! 
Austin’s body froze in shock. 
It finally dawned on him that Madam Collins had said the word marriage. 
Joseph hated that word more than anything in the world! 
if 
Joseph found out he was the culprit behind this, wouldn’t he skin him alive? 
Sh*t! Better run and find cover for now! 
After leaving Mount Ocean House, she quickly hailed a cab, thinking she could head back to Jules 
Villa. On the way back, her phone kept ringing with foreign numbers. 
After picking up two calls, all of them were from the parents of the murderers. 
As soon as the line was connected, there was a harsh curse coming from the other end. 
“Little b*tch, you were a vicious one from such a young age. Your mother really didn’t raise you right!” 
“Go withdraw your report at the police station immediately, otherwise you’ll be sorry!” 
“If you dare to leave a stain on my son’s record, I’ll make sure you regret it.” 
In addition to those arrogant parents, there were one or two who begged for mercy. 
“Miss, I beg of you, please withdraw the case. My child is not even twenty years old. If there’s even the 
smallest stain on his record, her life will be ruined forever! She did it because she was naive, please 
forgive her!” 
Without exception, Lucille hung up the phone. 
Their children were human beings, but the victims weren’t? 
-That was a life they were talking about! 
Could naivety be an excuse for a life sacrificed? 
In their dreams! 
The phone continued to buzz nonstop. Lucille finally turned her phone off to get some peace of mind. 
When they returned to Jules Villa, Lucille walked straight into the garden and was ready to go back to 
her room to pack. 
She had sold the villa, so someone would be moving in very soon. 
She had to move out before that, cut off her relationship with the Jules family, and set up her own 
place. 
Within the main hall… 
After Zoey finished her interrogation, she sat on the sofa with Charles and bit her lip nervously. 
“Charles, do 
you 
think Lucille will agree to give me 10% of the shares?” 
As Samuel was sending Zoey back home, he had already told Howard to come up with a plan to get 
Lucille to transfer 10% of the shares under her to Zoey. He wanted Zoey to marry into the Gilbert family 
with this money. Of course, Howard could not reject the idea. After all, being relatives with the Gilbert 
family came with its own. perks. 
“Don’t worry.” Samuel comforted her in a low voice. “Even if Lucille refuses to do so, Charles will make 
sure you get 10% of the shares. Don’t worry, I’ll make sure you marry into the Gilbert family with pride.” 
Zoey smiled sweetly. “Thank you, Samuel. You’ve always been so kind with me.” 
Charles was overjoyed by her praise that he nearly floated into the heavens above! 
Seeing the documents of the shares on the table, he was determined to get them signed. No matter 
what it took, he would make sure Lucille signed them once she was back! 
He had to make sure Zoey got what she deserved! 
Before long, there was a creak of the door opening. 
The girl’s figure was languid, and she was surrounded by a faint aura. It wasn’t strong, but it drew 
everyone’s attention. Madam Dahlia stood in a corner anxiously and gave Lucille a look, signaling her noveldrama
to leave right now. After all, this group of people had been waiting for her all day. Now that she was 
here, it would be difficult for her to escape. 
Lucille sensed Madam Dahlia’s gaze and turned to look around the living room. Her lips curled into a 
cold smile. 
“Wow!” she thought to herself sarcastically, “I guess they finally found me important enough to wait for 
my arrival.” 
C 
She lowered her gaze and glanced at the documents on the coffee table. Her eyes narrowed slightly. 
Howard sat on the sofa, crossed his legs, and held a cigar in his hand. Like an old man, he barked, 
“D*mn girl, I’m surprised you know where your home is? Since you’re back now, you better get your 
d*mn a** over here and sign these papers!” 
###Chapter 17
Lucille did not say anything. She walked straight over, picked up the papers from the table, and studied 
the contents carefully. 
The documents detailed clearly that she was to transfer 10% of her shares from Jules Group to Zoey 
Johnson without any conditions. 
Whereas the remaining 30% would be given unconditionally to Howard Jules. 
Lucille’s head was lowered as she read the documents, but she suddenly burst out into laughter. 
Did Howard think she was a fool? 
He was going to leave her with nothing, even the vampire isn’t as cruel as he is. 
“What are you laughing at?” Howard frowned unhappily. “I told you to sign it! What are you waiting 
for?” 
Lucille raised her eyebrows and sat down opposite him. Her chest was puffed out and her hands were 
crossed like a queen addressing her disciple. 
“If you want me to sign this, you need to give me a reason to do so.” 
Howard frowned impatiently. “What reason do you need? I am your father! You do whatever I say!” 
Lucille’s lips curled into a smile. “In your dreams.” 
“You…!” Howard was furious. He could only hold back his anger and say, “Samuel doesn’t like you, but 
we can’t call off the marriage between us and the Gilberts. Henceforth, Zoey needs to marry into their
family. Give her 10% of your shares as her dowry, that way Zoey can at least marry into their family 
with her head held high.” Lucille was fuming to the brim, but she could only snicker. 
Not only did the mistress steal her fiancé, now she had to give her money for the dowry. 
How could such a disgusting father exist? 
Lucille was so angry that she threw her head back and laughed. She threw the papers onto the coffee 
table and said, “Do continue.” 
She wanted to see what else Howard could say. 
Howard flicked the cigarette ash and continued, “Zoey’s father sacrificed her life back then to save me. 
Our family owes them a life. Over the years, I have thought of her as my biological daughter. Of course, 
you should give part of your mother’s inheritance to her. That way, the Gilbert family won’t look down 
on her.” 
Biting her lip, Zoey said with tears in her eyes, “Dad…” 
Howard looked at her lovingly. “Silly child, why are you crying? You deserve it.” 
Lucille couldn’t help but laugh at this loving scene between father and daughter before her. 
She sneered and went straight to the point. “If you want to give her some inheritance, why don’t you 
give her some of yours? Why do I have to give her what my mother left me?” noveldrama
Could they be any more shameless? 
His face was even thicker than the Lord of The Rings trilogy. 
Howard got up angrily from his seat. “What do you mean by thinking about your shares? We are a 
family, and your sister is in a good position. What’s wrong with sharing some with her?” 
“If I say no, then what?” Lucille sneered. Her ‘generous’ attitude riled up the two men in her house. 
Charles stood up angrily. “Lucille! You better not cross the line!” 
After that, he turned to look at Zoey. “Zoey, don’t be sad. If she doesn’t give you the shares, I will.” 
Howard immediately frowned. “Bastard! How can you simply give your shares out? It must be Lucille 
who gives hers!” 
Lucille sneered. 
At the end of the day, all they wanted was to squeeze the rights away from the rightful owner. 
A cold-blooded and biased man like him doesn’t deserve to be a father! 
Lucille picked up the documents again and lowered her head to read it quietly. 
Howard thought this was a sign of agreement and immediately raised his head proudly. “Don’t worry. 
As long as you sign it, I’ll make sure you live a good life. When you get married, I’ll make sure to give 
you many expensive cars and houses!” 
Lucille sneered and threw the papers at Howard’s face. “In your dreams!” 
Howard didn’t expect that. The sharp edge of the paper sliced into his eyelid. 
“Dad!” Zoey stepped forward in a panic and held his hand with concern. “Are you okay?” 
Howard covered his eyes and grimaced in pain. 
He glared at Lucille angrily. “Guards! Catch this ungrateful daughter of mine!” 
If she refused to sign it, he would beat it out of her! 
Soon, a few bodyguards rushed in and surrounded Lucille. 
Seeing how the situation escalated, Madam Dahlia was so anxious that she picked up the phone to call 
the police. 
At this moment, a scream resonated from within the room. 
Madam Dahlia looked up in surprise and saw Lucille land a kick on the 1.85 meters tall guard. She 
turned around and grabbed another guards hand and with an elegant twist of her body, the bodyguard 
immediately fell to the ground with a wail. 
When the other bodyguards saw this, they immediately swarmed forward and surrounded Lucille. 
However, Lucille wasn’t intimidated. Her punches were agile, her power was overwhelming, and her 
posture was poised. In a short while, she knocked down all the bodyguards. 
Everyone in the room was stunned. 
They stared blankly at the valiant girl in front of them and forgot to breathe. 
At this moment, the girl that stood before them was the same one as before, but her aura had changed 
completely. Her cold and cruel eyes, the domineering spirit that hung in the air, and the powerful aura 
that suppressed all those around her. 
It was so cold and powerful that the rest of them couldn’t breathe. 
Howard opened his eyes wide in horror and stared at Lucille in disbelief. 
Was she really the timid and quiet little girl that he knew? 
Charles gasped as well. He felt a chill run down his spine. 
He had only people do all that in the movies. 
This was a top-level close-range combat skill that was on the verge of being extinct. It was said that 
there were no more than five people in the world who knew this martial art form. 
He had always wanted to learn it, but he couldn’t find a master. 
But when did Lucille learn it? 
She’s so good at it that she could teach others! 
Zoey finally came back to her senses from the shock and narrowed her eyes in a sinister way. 
She pinched her thigh hard and forced out two drops of tears. She rushed to Howard and said, “Dad! 
There’s a lot of blood in your eyes! Madam Dahlia! Go and call the doctor!” 
After that, she cried and knelt down in front of Lucille. “Lucille, it’s all my fault. I shouldn’t be greedy and 
ask for your part of the shares. You can hit me and scold me all you want, but don’t hurt dad, okay?” 
Lucille watched her acting with a look of disdain. She didn’t even bat an eyelid. A doctor? Just for that 
small paper cut? 
Wouldn’t it have healed by the time the doctor arrived? 
Such drama queens. 
With a sneer, Lucife turned around and sat back down on the sofa. 
“Sorry for making things so hard for you. My signature is all you want right? Alright, here you go!” 
After that, she picked up the pen and signed her name at the bottom of the papers. 
It was smooth without any hesitation. 
They were stunned again. 
What was going on with Lucille? 
Charles was the first to react. He rushed over and snatched the papers from her. After looking at them 
carefully, he was immediately delighted. “She signed it! She really signed it!” 
Zoey was ecstatic as she gripped the edges of her shirt tightly. 
Great! 
She didn’t think that this fool would actually sign it! Then wasn’t Zoey now someone with millions of 
assets? Lucille’s lips curled into a cold smile as she looked at the happy trio in front of her. 
After a while, she suddenly said, “Ah! I almost forgot. Just a few hours ago, I sold my 40% of the 
shares. I don’t know if the papers I sign are void now.”
###Chapter 18
As soon as Lucille finished her words, there was a strange silence in the room. 
After a long time, Howard said in disbelief, “What did you say?” 
Lucille yawned lazily and tossed the papers she had in her bag onto the floor. “You can read it 
yourself.” 
Howard was stunned for a second, and then rushed over like a mad man, kneeling on the ground and 
picking up the document. 
When he saw the contents of the document and the signature at the end, he was furious and his body 
trembled with anger. “Bastard! How could I be a heartless b*stard like you be my daughter?” 
So what did it mean, now that 40% of the shares were no longer in the family? 
It meant that whoever bought these shares would be the largest shareholder of the company. 
It meant that the power in his hands would be divided. In the future, no matter what decision he made, 
he had to ask the other party for their authorisation! 
If the person who becomes the shareholder turns out to be one of their competitors, then Jules Group 
would be finished. 
Howard was so angry that he felt dizzy. He really wanted to rush over and strangle this unfilial 
daughter! Lucille sneered. “So now you’re all worked up. What’s the matter? It seems like you’re only 
concerned when your interest comes into play. You said I should give up all the assets I have? Howard 
Jules, you’re an evil man. Just wait until karma gets you!” 
“You!” Howard was so angry that he almost fainted. “You unfilial girl! How dare you call me by my 
name!” Lucille ignored him and continued to say coldly, “It’s up to me to decide who my assets go to, 
not you.” “You!!!” Howard’s blood pressure soared, and he couldn’t breathe. He raised his hand and 
was about to slap her in the face. 
Lucille stopped him and tightened her grip around his wrist. “You’ve already beaten me once at the 
police station, yet you still want to hit me a second time? In your dreams!” 
“You, you!!!” Howard was so angry that he couldn’t even speak. His vision darkened and he fell back. 
He was so angry that he fainted. 
“Dad!” 
‘Dad!” 
Zoey and Charles stepped forward in panic and helped him up. 
“Dad! Don’t scare me!” Zoey cried out like a little doe. While this was all happening, she managed to 
sneak an SOS message to Samuel, 
She wanted Samuel to see Lucille’s ugly personality with his own eyes. She wanted him to completely 
despise 
her! 
Charles looked at the unconscious Howard and turned his head to glare at Lucille angrily. “Lucille! 
You’ve gone too far! No matter what, he is still your father. How can you disobey him again and again 
until he fainted?! Will you only be satisfied when you ruin this family?” 
So threats didn’t work, and now they’re resorting to gaslighting. 
Lucille gave a cold snort. “I’m going too far? Who forced me to sign those papers first? Who called a 
bunch of bodyguards to beat me up? Who was the one, who mistreated his own blood for someone he 
adopted? Charles, I’m your biological sister. Aren’t you afraid our mother’s soul might haunt you if she 
knew what you were doing?” 
Charles was shocked by her words and was speechless for a while. 
That’s right. Lucille was his actual sister. 
When she was young, she was also the little princess that he doted on. 
How did she end up like this today? 
Lucille stared at him coldly and said word for word, “You didn’t treat me as your sister, neither did he 
treat me as his daughter. Just for that adopted sister, you treated me like scum. If I were to die, the both 
of you wouldn’t even care! But if Zoey were to get the slightest cut, you would rush to her aid.” 
At this point, Lucille felt a lump in her throat. All the sadness and disappointment she felt was 
overwhelming. She took a deep breath and continued, “Let the past be the past. Today, I just want all of 
you to know…” Before she could finish her sentence, Zoey shouted exaggeratedly and interrupted her 
on purpose. “Dad! You’re awake? Charles, look! Dad’s awake.” 
Charles was successfully distracted. He turned around and asked, “Dad! How do you feel?” 
Howard got up with a livid face and glared at Lucille. “You unfilial daughter. From now on, I’m cutting 
you out from the family! Get out of here! Right now!” 
Lucille raised her eyebrows and said no more. She quickly went upstairs to gather her belongings to 
leave. Seeing that she was really going to leave, Zoey became anxious. 
How could she let her go so easily? 
They hadn’t gotten a hold of the money she got from selling the shares! 
“Dad!” Lucille grabbed Howard’s hand anxiously. “Let’s not be anxious! Lucille is still your daughter. We 
can just ask for the money she got from selling the shares!” 
Hearing this, Howard was stunned. “Yes! Why didn’t I think of it?” 
All that anger must have gone to her head. 
“You evil spawn! Don’t leave just yet!” Howard roared at Lucille’s back with all his might. “Where’s the 
money from selling the shares? Hand it over now!” 
40% of the shares was worth at least a billion dollars. 
With this money, he could buy the shares again and emerge as the largest shareholder. 
Lucille stopped at the door and tilted her head slightly. Her back was straight and proud. “Sorry, I sold it noveldrama
for one billion dollars and donated every last penny of it.” 
Boom! 
Howard only felt that he had been struck by lightning and was stunned on the spot. 
Lucille scoffed coldly and ignored the few people behind her. She carried her bag and strode away. 
Behind her, Madam Dahlia ran up to her. “Miss Lucille! I’m coming with you!” 
Madam Dahlia had witnessed Lucille grow up. She was the only person in the Jules family who truly 
loved her. 
She was afraid that her life with the Jules family wouldn’t be pleasant after Lucille left, so she wanted to 
come along with her. 
Lucille turned back and looked at her with a smile. “Okay,” she said. 
They left the villa and hailed a cab by the roadside. All of a sudden, a luxurious sedan appeared out of 
thin air and came roaring right at Lucille. 
Madam Dahlia was so scared that she screamed, “Miss! Get out of the way!” 
Lucille, on the other hand, stopped in her tracks. She sneered as she watched the car continue to 
speed towards them. 
Sure enough, the car finally came to an abrupt stop 10 meters away from her. 
Samuel got out of the car in cold sweat as he shouted, “Why didn’t you move aside? Did you want to 
die?” 
He couldn’t help feeling that Lucille had gone mad. Otherwise, why would she not hide when she saw 
him coming straight at her? 
What if he lost control and knocked her? 
It didn’t matter if she died, but her blood would be on his hands. 
Lucille sneered and stared at him as if he were a rat. 
Samuel was stunned again. 
He had thought that she would be scared of him. Who would have thought that she would look at him 
with such disdain! 
He gritted his teeth and said grumpily, “What are you looking at? No matter how long you stare, I won’t 
fall for you. I just want Zoey!” 
Lucille couldn’t hold back it in and burst out in a fit of laughter, 
Samuel’s face darkened. “What are you laughing at?” 
“I’m laughing at you. You’re stupid and narcissistic. Not to mention, despicable and shameless. You’re 
a perfect match for that dumba** Zoey.” 
“You!” Samuel was so angry that his eyes were twitching. You dare call us names?” 
Lucille raised her brows and smiled arrogantly. “I never curse at humans, only monsters.” 
After that, she turned around proudly and left indifferently. 
Samuel stared blankly at her back as she left. It took him quite a while to understand what Lucille 
meant. He clenched his fists angrily and yelled in her direction. “Lucille! Just you wait! This weekend is 
my grandparents’ diamond anniversary. On the day of the banquet, I will announce the cancellation of 
our engagement in public!” 
###Chapter 19
Lucille stopped for a moment and tilted her head slightly. Her profile was exquisite and beautiful. She 
raised the corner of her mouth and said in a low and angry voice, “That’s exactly what I want.” These 
five simple words completely shattered Samuel’s confidence. 
What was going on? 
Shouldn’t Lucille be crying and begging him not to cancel the engagement? 
But now, she was saying that it was exactly what she wished for. 
What did that mean? 
Did that mean this was her motive all along? 
How could this be? 
Samuel was dumbfounded. Staring blankly at the girl’s beautiful back, a funny feeling ran across his 
chest. The girl that stood before him was confident and poised. 
She was no longer as weak and gloomy as she used to be. On the contrary, she had a fatal attraction 
that no one could resist. 
Hearing the commotion outside, Zoey ran out and saw Samuel staring at Lucille with eyes full of 
amazement and confusion. 
Her heart skipped a beat. She trotted forward and called for him, “Samuel!” 
Samuel came to his senses and turned his head. He saw Zoey running toward him with tears in her 
eyes. He ran towards her and asked, “What’s wrong, Zoey?” 
Zoey burst into tears and threw herself into his arms. “Lucille hurt the bodyguards and Dad. He was so 
angry that he fainted. Go in and have a look!” 
Samuel’s face darkened instantly. He held her in his arms and walked in. 
As soon as he entered the door, he saw that Howard was throwing a fit at his bodyguards. “A group of 
good-for- nothings! There’s so many of you against one girl, but you lost!” 
After that, he grabbed a vase and threw it at Samuel’s feet. 
Samuel looked at the mess in the living room. The bodyguards were covered in bruises, and he could 
see that Howard was livid. Samuel said in disbelief, “Is this really Lucille’s doing?” 
Zoey sat down and wiped her tears. “Why would I lie to you? She even sold 40% of the shares! Dad’s 
so mad at her for it.” 
Samuel was so shocked that he didn’t know what to say. 
Charles’s heart ached when he saw her crying like a fountain of tears. “Don’t cry, Zoey. He said that he 
would transfer the shares under his name to you.” 
Tears welled up in Zoey’s eyes as she looked at him with reddened eyes. “Charles, you’re the best.” 
Charles loved to see her like this the most. His heart immediately became full. “What are you talking 
about! You’re my sister, it’s my duty to be responsible towards you.” 
Howard rubbed his temples and pointed angrily at the bodyguards. “Why are you still standing here? 
Get out of my face and go to the hospital yourselves!” 
The bodyguards left with dust on their faces. 
Howard sighed and held his chest, then sat down on the sofa. 
Just as he was about to ask Zoey to make him a cup of tea, the people from Mount Ocean House 
barged in. Howard stared at this group of strange men. “Who are you? Why did you break into my 
house?” 
The man held up the ownership certificate and grinned. “I’m sorry, this house has been sold, Now, it 
belongs to Mount Ocean House.” 
Howard widened his eyes in shock. “What?!” 
That unfilial daughter not only sold her shares, but also the villa?! 
“That’s right.” he explained with a polite smile, “Now, we’re here to pack up the place. We’ll give you 
half an hour to gather everything and leave here for good.” 
“Of course, if you don’t want to move, you can just buy the villa back from us.” 
Howard was so angry that he could feel the blood surge in his body and his brain was buzzing. 
Luckily, Charles was behind supporting him. Otherwise, he would’ve collapsed for the second time. 
He took a deep breath and gritted his teeth. “How much is it?” 
The man in charge smiled deviously. “Such a nice house with a great location is worth at least a 
hundred and fifty million dollars.” 
Hearing this, Howard’s heart nearly leaped out of his chest. noveldrama
Did this mean he had to spend so much to keep the house? 
In the end, Howard had no choice but to unwillingly pay the hundred and fifty million to buy back the 
villa. Just like that, Mount Ocean House earned fifty million dollars easily and left feeling satisfied. 
They graciously transferred half of the profit they had earned to Lucille, as she was the one who came 
up with this idea. 
After they left, Howard was so furious that he actually started spitting fresh blood. The ambulance had 
to be called in to send him to the emergency department. Once he regained consciousness, the first 
thing he did was to make a public announcement about cutting ties with Lucille. 
In the corridor of the hospital. 
Zoey watched with satisfaction as she saw the news of Jules family disowning Lucille flash across her 
phone. The corners of her mouth curled into a sinister smile. 
It took her eight years to finally drive that little b*tch, Lucille out of the Jules family! 
From now on, she was the only daughter of the Jules family! 
She would be spoiled by them and become the precious jewel of the family! 
More than that, she would continue to target Lucille and make her the laughing stock of Shein City. She 
would be cast aside by the citizens, leaving her no choice but to abandon the city in shame! 
Thinking of this, a vicious light flashed across Zoey’s eyes. 
Keeping her phone, she turned to Samuel. “Samuel, Lucille is no longer the daughter of the Jules 
Family. Your marriage with me…” 
Samuel caressed her head dotingly. “Don’t worry, I’ll make the announcement about breaking off the 
engagement at my grandparents’ diamond anniversary celebration. After that, I’ll make sure to
announce our marriage with grander gestures.” 
“Really?!” Zoey’s eyes were shining. She got on her toes and kissed him on the lips. “Samuel, you treat 
me so well!” 
Samuel put his arms around her waist and kissed her as if there was no one else in the crowded 
aisle… 
In the hotel suite. 
After a brief rest, Lucille dug out the marriage certificate from her luggage. 
Since they were going to break off the engagement, they had a lot of work to do. 
Since Samuel wanted to break off the engagement with her at his grandparents’ diamond anniversary 
celebration, she might as well announce it on a bigger stage! 
Thinking of this, the girl’s eyes narrowed slightly, and there was a trace of coldness in them. 
She put away the marriage contract, turned on the computer, and began to check out properties in 
Shein City. 
Step one was just to cut off any relations with the Jules family. The second step was to buy a house 
and settle 
down. 
After comparing several places, she finally picked a villa with a good location. 
The price wasn’t low, but she could squeeze by. 
“Madam Dahlia.” Lucille turned her computer screen towards Madam Dahlia to show her pictures of the 
villa. “From now on, this is our home. I’ll leave it in your capable hands.” 
Madam Dahlia was slightly taken aback. “Miss, that’s not good. I don’t have the experience of being a 
housekeeper.” 
As Lucille contacted the real estate company, she said, “Madam Dahlia, since you chose to stay with 
me, I will also choose to trust you. From now on, we’re a family.” 
Madam Dahlia was stunned, her eyes turned red in an instant. 
She didn’t expect Lucille to trust her so much. 
“Okay!” Madam Dahlia nodded solemnly. “Don’t worry, Miss. I will take good care of the house!” 
Lucille smiled faintly, decisively contacted the real estate management company, and made the call. 
Coincidentally, this villa was also managed by Mount Ocean House. 
When the other party heard that the buyer was Lucille, he immediately removed a digit from the price. 
In the end, Lucille bought the luxurious villa for a price of fifty million dollars. 
After the whole negotiation, Lucille handed her card and the passcode over to Madam Dahlia. “As for 
the official stuff, I’ll need your help to get it done. Take a look at the place tomorrow and if everything’s 
okay, give them the money.” 
Seeing that she trusted her so much, Madam Dahlia was extremely emotional. “Don’t worry, Miss. I’ll 
get it done!” 
Lucille smiled and turned into her room. 
As soon as she stepped through the door, her phone started ringing. 
###Chapter 20
Of course, it was one of those kids’ parents again. 
Since Howard announced that he cut ties with her, those people had been spamming her phone non 
stop. 
Some lowered their heads, begging her for forgiveness. 
Some people were still arrogant and claimed that they would kill her if she did not withdraw her report. 
Lucille picked up her phone to take a look at the screen and hung up. 
Just as she hung up on one, a new call came in. Lucille was about to hang up once more, but when 
she glanced at the phone number and found it oddly familiar. 
After thinking about it carefully, she suddenly realized that it was a call from Joseph! 
Lucille hesitated for a moment before answering the call. 
As soon as the call was connected, the man’s deep and magnetic voice resonated through the 
speaker. 
“Good evening.” 
Lucille walked to the sofa and lay down lazily. “What’s the matter?” 
She was too lazy to ask how he got her phone number. 
“I heard that you cut ties with the Jules family.” The man chuckled in a low voice. “I just called to 
congratulate you.” 
Lucille raised an eyebrow and flicked her hair. “Thank you for your concern. If there’s nothing else, 
goodbye.” “Wait.” Joseph quickly stopped her. “Don’t hang up yet.” 
“Is there anything else?” Lucille’s voice was as drowsy as a sleeping cat. 
The corners of Joseph’s lips could not help but curl up as he said in a low voice, “A little bird told me 
that you’re breaking up with Samuel?” 
Lucille.raised an eyebrow. “I see rumors spread fast.” 
This was her way of indirectly confirming it. 
The smile on Joseph’s face grew even wider. He walked to the window and looked out at the moon. 
“Got it, good night.” 
The man’s voice was clear and crisp, yet deep and magnetic. When it landed in Lucille’s ears, it made 
her heart tremble inexplicably. 
After hanging up, Lucille turned off the lights and went to bed. She lay on the bed and looked out of the 
window at the moon. 
After a long while, it finally dawned on her that Joseph’s reply to her breaking off the engagement was 
‘got it’. So he knows now, what next? 
For some reason, Lucille felt irritated. She turned over, buried her head in the blanket, and fell asleep. 
At the same time, over at the Collins family house. 
Culver hurried into the study and placed a thick stack of documents in front of the man. 
“Mr. Joseph, all the information you requested is here. These documents have details of everything that 
happened to Miss Lucille Jules since she was a child.” 
Joseph picked up the papers and raised his hand slightly. “You may leave.” 
“Yes, sir!” 
After Culver left, Joseph began to flip through the documents. 
When he saw the words ‘Lucille’ on the first page, the man’s eyes narrowed slightly, and a dark light 
flashed in his eyes. 
In the blink of an eye, the weekends have finally arrived. 
Today was the diamond anniversary of Master Gilbert and his wife. 
The Gilbert family had thrown a grand banquet and invited all the rich and powerful families in Shein 
City to attend. 
At the break of daylight, Lucille was already prepared with the marriage certificate to pay the Gilbert 
family at visit. 
Before leaving, Madam Dahlia didn’t want her to go alone, but Lucille stopped her. 
“Madam Dahlia, you can help me by decorating the villa. Buy all the furniture and appliances we need 
and we’ll move in soon.” 
“Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.” 
With Lucille’s repeated promises, Madam Dahlia reluctantly left. 
Deep down, she knew that it was Jules family’s loss to have cut ties with a daughter like Lucille. 
Sooner or later, they would regret it! 
In the Gilbert family’s villa. 
At this moment, the guests were gathered in a happy atmosphere. 
Master Gilbert and Mrs. Gilbert, surrounded by their grandkids, were happily chit-chatting under the 
enchanting music. 
Everyone’s attention was naturally focused on the two leading roles. 
Soon enough, the crowd raised their glasses to congratulate them. 
“Congratulations, Master and Mrs. Gilbert. You’ve been together for fifty years, yet your love is still as 
fresh as it was the day you got married!” 
“Gongratulations!” 
Master Gilbert was over 70 years old, still in high spirits, and his face was red from the laughing and 
alcohol. He touched his white beard with a smile and said, “Thank you for coming to my party. I’ve 
prepared wine and food for everybody. I apologize if there are any shortcomings in advance.” 
“No, no, no!” 
The crowd began to chant in disagreement. For a moment, the atmosphere wasn’t quiet and peaceful. 
Mrs. Gilbert smiled very kindly. She looked around then turned to Samuel in confusion. “Sam, why 
didn’t you bring Lucille with you? She’s your fiancee, how can she not attend our celebration?” 
Mrs. Gilbert adored Lucille. She didn’t care about the rumors, she only believed her own eyes. 
“Grandma.” Samuel looked at her hesitantly. “There’s something I want to tell you.” 
He still hadn’t shared the news of his engagement with his family. He didn’t dare to. noveldrama
Because he knew that his grandparents would definitely . 
After all, they were the ones who arranged the marriage. 
But for Zoey, he was willing to go against the entire world! 
Mrs. Gilbert looked at him expectantly and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Samuel took a deep breath and turned to look at Zoey, who was blending among the guests. He 
reached out his hand to her and said, “Zoey, come here.” 
Zoey took a deep breath, plastered a smile on her face, then lifted the hem of her dress, and walked to 
Samuel with her most beautiful posture. 
Samuel held her hand gently and faced the audience as if he was about to make an announcement.. 
All of a sudden, the guests present began to whisper. 
“Why is Mr. Gilbert with the adopted daughter of the Jules family?” 
“en’t his fiancee Miss Lucille?” 
“Oh my god, this is big news!” 
Listening to the whispers from below the stage, Master. Gilbert and Mrs. Gilbert’s faces darkened at the 
same. time. 
“Samuel! What the hell is going on?” 
Samuel raised his head and met the angry eyes of the two elders. “Grandpa, Grandma, the person I 
really like is Zoey. I want to break off the engagement with Lucille and marry her instead!” 
As soon as he finished speaking, the crowd burst into an uproar. 
Samuel held Zoey’s hand tightly, with a fearless look on his face. 
For the first time, he felt that he was a true man. 
Many of the daughters and sons from various prestigious families huddled closely to whisper amongst 
one another. 
“Everyone knows about Samuel and Zoey. Lucille couldn’t get Samuel’s love and attention, so she 
made Zoey’s life a living hell.” 
“Zoey’s story is so sad. Her father died in order to save Mr. Jules. Even though they adopted her, she 
was still treated as an outsider. Lucille kept bullying her and she never fought back. On the contrary, 
she always fought to defend her. What a sad story.” 
After the discussion, the crowd began to speak up for Zoey. 
“Madam, this is the era where we’re free to love. Since Mr. Gilbert likes Miss Johnson, why don’t you 
give them your blessing?” 
“Yes! Although Miss Johnson is only the adopted daughter of the Jules family, the Jules family treats 
her better than their own daughter. In addition, she is also beautiful and kind. She’s definitely the better 
choice than Lucille!” 
“That’s right! You have to marry the right person! Lucille isn’t someone you wish to marry!” 
The crowd chimed in one after another, all of them standing on Zoey’s side, not a single one of them 
was being impartial. 
Mrs. Gilbert and Master Gilbert looked at Samuel with aching hearts, their eyes full of disappointment. 
They couldn’t believe that their beloved grandson would do such a thing to seduce the sister of his 
fiancee instead. 
“Grandpa, grandma, there’s no use.” Samuel raised his voice and said, “I’ve made up my mind. In this 
life, I’ll never marry anyone unless it’s Zoey!” 
“Pfft-” 
Just then, a mocking voice suddenly came from outside the door. 
The crowd looked in the direction of the voice and saw Lucille holding her bag with one hand as she 
marched in with dissatisfaction. 
###Chapter 21
My Weak Wife Chapter 21 
The girl that stood at the door was dressed in a light green dress. She had a slim figure and an ethereal 
temperament. 
Her eyes were cold and there was not a single hint of warmth in them. 
More than half of her delicate face was covered by her thick hair When she moved, her hair flew with 
the breeze. She was equally beautiful and charming! 
The crowd was stunned and could not come to their senses for a long time. 
“Isn’t, isn’t she Miss Lucille of the Jules family?” 
“When did she become so beautiful?” 
“How could it be? Hasn’t she always been so tacky? I remember her as the cowering idiot who never 
looked anyone in the eye When did her aura become so strong?” 
Lucille’s appearance had caused another uproar on the scene. 
Even Samuel looked at Lucille in a daze. 
He too didn’t know what was going on. 
In the past, Lucille was like dust in his eyes. He would find it annoying if he took another look at her. 
But now, his eyes felt drawn towards her. 
If Lucille from the past was a tornado of smoke that covered his eyes…. 
Then the Lucille he saw now, was a rose in full bloom. 
She was enchanting and dazzling! 
Zoey glared at Lucille with jealousy, her eyes full of envy. 
Damn it! 
She was originally the most beautiful woman at the party, and the focus of everyone’s attention. 
But after Lucille appeared, the center of the party had changed. 
Everyone seemed to be very interested in Lucille. Even Samuel’s eyes were fixed on her. 
And she had become the one they forgot. 
Why?! 
At this moment, someone in the crowd said, “Mr. Gilbert, you don’t seem to have good taste! No matter 
how I look at it, Miss Lucille is a thousand times better than Zoey.” 
“Yes, it seems that those rumors are false. You can only believe your own eyes. In my opinion, this 
Miss Lucille is obviously the flower of the family.” 
Zoey was so angry that she almost spat out blood when she heard those words. 
She swallowed down the despite that was rising in her chest and stepped forward while lifting the hem 
of her dress. She said softly, “Lucille, you’re here. You’re here to apologize to dad, aren’t you? That day 
he got so mad at you he had to go to the hospital. That’s why he’s not here today.” 
Her pretentious attitude was so thick even the next city could sense it. 
Lucille snorted. “He called so many bodyguards to beat me up, and tried to force me to sign over my 
shares to Jules Group. I refused to sign it and he got mad? Tsk! Those who didn’t know the full story
would think I’m a Scoundrell 
With just a few words, she had squashed Zoey’s accusations and showed the audience the truth. 
She, Lucille, was the one who had been bullied. 
Someone couldn’t help but whisper, “Howard Jules can’t be human. How could he force his own 
daughter to give her shares to someone he adopted? Would anyone with a heart do that?” 
“Yes, he even called bodyguards to threaten her. When she refused, he got so mad he vomited blood. 
And the 
Payein 100GB Data, 2000 tamaam Network Minutes & SMS Taxila Monthly Freedom ke 
first thing he did when he felt better, was to cut ties with Miss Lucille How could there be such a 
heartless person in the world?” 
Seeing the guests’ discussion getting louder and louder, Zoey was in a mode of panic. 
Why did things always go in a direction that she did not anticipate? 
“Lucille! Dad, this it for you. We’re a family.” 
“Who’s your family?” Lucille cut her off coldly. “Would my sister force me to transfer my shares? Would 
family steal my fiancee? Zoey, how can you sit there and have the audacity to use the word ‘family” 
The only way Lucille could shut down that pretentious b*tch was with this bullet. 
The more pretentious she was, the harsher her words had to be. 
Zoey gnashed her teeth in hatred, but she pretended to be very sad. “Lucille, how could you 
misunderstand me like this? I…” 
After that, she began to use her usual trick, covering her face and pretending to cry. 
Samuel’s heart ached for her. He shielded Zoey behind him and glared at her. “Lucille, don’t you cross 
the line! Anyway, I’m calling this engagement off today! Don’t think you can change my mind by bullying 
Zoey” 
Lucille was amused by his narcissism. She lowered her head and chuckled. “Samuel, your narcissism 
is a disease. You should get it treated.” 
“You!” 
“Cut the crap.” Lucille retracted her smile and looked at him coldly. “I’m here today to break off the 
engagement with you. Stop spreading rumors that I fancy you and ruin my reputation.” 
“You!!!” Samuel was so angry that he almost spat blood. 
A rumor? 
Was liking him a smear on her reputation? 
Wait! 
Samuel suddenly came to his senses and looked at Lucille, who was holding the marriage contract. He 
exclaimed, “Did you say, you were going to break off the engagement?” 
“That’s right.” 
Lucille unfolded the marriage contract little by little in front of the crowd. Then, with everyone’s witness, 
she tore it into two pieces. 
There was a dead silence. Everyone stared at the torn marriage contract and did not speak. 
Samuel looked at the pieces of paper flying in the air. 
He had prepared a lot of words to mock Lucille, but at this moment, he couldn’t say a word. 
Lucille tore the marriage certificate apart and threw it into the air. 
“Samuel, listen carefully. I am the one who broke the engagement. You, Samuel, don’t deserve me!” 
The girl’s sonorous and powerful voice fell straight into the audiences’ hearts, making their backs go 
numb. 
Not many people knew that it was Samuel who asked for the marriage. 
Before Zoey came to the Jules family, the original Lucille and Samuel were childhood sweethearts. 
Everything was pure and innocent. 
Later, as time went on, Samuel was the one who proposed the marriage to his family. 
The Gilbert family happily agreed and there was a meeting between the elders and children of both 
families. They solemnly signed the marriage contract. 
Back then, the original Lucille never imagined things to take a turn for the worse between her and 
Samuel. And the chief culprit of all of this was Zoey! 
However, the present Lucille didn’t give two sh*ts about Samuel. 
In her opinion, Samuel and Zoey were the perfect match for each other. Both of them were cut from the 
same cloth. 
After smoothly breaking off the engagement, Lucille turned around and left. 
In the midst of the chaos, a celebrity who was good friends with Zoey, secretly stretched out her foot, 
attempting to trip Lucille. 
Lucille looked down, sneered, and stepped on her foot. 
“Ah!!!” A blood-curdling scream immediately rang out in the air above the hall.. 
The lady grabbed her foot in agony, and her face turned pale with pain. “B*tch! You did it on purpose!” 
Lucille looked at her with a faint smile. “I’m sorry. I thought there was a beast blocking the way.” 
“You!!!” The lady was so angry that her face turned red. “What are you sp proud of? You’re just a stray 
dog driven out of the Jules family. Mr. Gilbert doesn’t want you, and you even sent your own father to 
the hospital. If I were you, I would have been too ashamed to face anyone!” 
Lucille sneered. “Well? I’m in a good mood now too, would you like me to send you to the hospital 
along with him?” 
“You!!!” The lady was so angry that her face twisted in spite, and her voice trembled. “You b*tch! 
Everyone in Shein City knows how evil you are! Your reputation has long been notorious. No one will 
want you in the future!” 
Lucille’s lips curled into a cold smile, and the corners of her eyes reddened with an evil aura. It was so noveldrama
cold that it made one’s heart turn to ice. 
Just as she was about to speak, a low, magnetic voice came from outside the door. “Lucille is such a 
good girl. I’m afraid no one will reach her standards.” 
Connected raho 
###Chapter 22
Lucille was stunned for a moment before she looked up. 
Right at the main entrance, stood Joseph. He was dressed in a black high-cut suit and was walking 
over in a leisurely manner. 
The man was tall and slim, with a pair of amorous eyes. The corners of his eyes were slightly raised, 
showing his charm. 
However, there was a hint of coldness in his them. The look on his face was cold and arrogant, and his 
temperament was prestigious. 
He was like a divine being, too high to reach. 
Walking in the direction of the light, his deep eyes were staring right at Lucille. 
With every step he took, Lucille’s heart felt as if it had been shaken for a second. 
Cries of surprise could be heard from all around. 
“It’s Mr. Joseph!” 
“What’s he doing here? He has never attended social events before this!” 
“Oh my god! It’s my first time seeing him. He’s so handsome!” 
The Collins family’s crown prince, Joseph, was the man idolized by countless socialites in Shein City. 
So many people yearned to meet him, but they were never given the chance. 
All the rich single daughters dreamt of being his wife, and the rich sons wanted to gain his favor. 
In short, his presence here today was a pleasant surprise to everyone. 
Just as everyone was about to step forward and introduce themselves, Joseph stared straight ahead noveldrama
and cut Through the crowd towards Lucille. He lowered his eyes and stared right into the girl’s cold 
eyes. 
L 
“Lucille, I want to marry you.” 
He didn’t ask if she wanted to marry him. 
Instead, he was straight forward with it. 
‘I want to marry you’. 
That meant he was the one asking, and she had the power to make the decision. 
What his words meant was, ‘I like you’. 
These words were like a tornado suddenly rolling up on the calm surface of the sea, stirring up great 
waves. Everyone widened their eyes in shock, as if they couldn’t believe their ears. 
What did he just say? 
Mr. Joseph was proposing to the notorious Lucille Jules in front of everyone? 
Standing on the stage, Samuel’s face turned black. 
He had just broken off his engagement with Lucille, but Joseph overtook his stage by proposing to her? 
What did this mean? 
Did that make him a man who didn’t know how to treasure the pearl before him? 
He was so mad that he unconsciously tightened his grip on Zoey’s hand. 
Zoey felt the sharp pain and cried out in a low voice, “Samuel, you hurting me.” Samuel came to his 
senses and released her hand. “I’m sorry.” 
Zoey shook her head with tears in her eyes, but her heart was full of spite. 
Damn it! Lucille, were you placed on earth just to annoy 
me?! 
She had invested so much time and effort to make Lucille lose everything she had. But in the blink of 
an eye, Mr. Joseph just proposes to her in public? 
It was Mr. Joseph they were talking about! 
He was the man that dozens of girls idolized. 
But for some reason, he just confessed his feelings to Lucille in such a sincere manner. 
If Lucille said yes, then wasn’t she the daughter-in-law of the Collins family? 
If that was the case, wouldn’t all of her years of hard work be in vain? 
No! 
She would never allow Lucille to marry into the Collins family! 
Zoey narrowed her eyes viciously, a fierce glint flashed across them. 
On the other side, Lucille, who had become the center of attention, pulled Joseph aside in front of 
everyone. She lowered her voice and said, “What exactly are you doing?” 
The man looked down at her with a serious and gentle expression. “Well, you always asked me why I 
tried to get closer to you.” 
“Now, I’m declaring my intentions loud and clear. My goal, is you.” 
My goal is you. 
These simple words put together made Lucille’s heart skip a beat. 
She lowered her eyes and said in a low voice, “Mr. Joseph, you can only lie to na?ve girls. You can’t 
fool me.” 
Joseph’s eyes darkened, and then he smiled helplessly. 
“You are indeed smarter than I thought. I’ll get straight to the point then. The reason I’m here, is to 
strike a deal with you.” 
Lucille looked up. “What deal?” 
“You say yes to marrying me, and in exchange, you have full control of whatever the Collins family has 
power 
over.” 
Cúcille raised her brows and a hint of interest flashed across her eyes. 
She had to admit that his offer was indeed tempting. 
She was alone now and had no one to rely on in Shein City. 
As for the Collins family, they were extremely powerful in Shein City. 
If she could borrow the power of the Collins family… 
Lucille’s eyes darkened and she made a decision in an instant. “What do you want me to do?” 
Joseph’s eyes were fixed on her, and there was an obscure light in them. 
“You just need to handle my grandma. If you have any doubts, we can sign a contract, I will keep to my 
word.” 
A few years ago, something had happened to his body and he wasn’t well. He had to take multiple 
medications in a day. 
Not long ago, his doctors said his prognosis was not good. 
Madam Collins became anxious when she heard that. She kept nagging him about getting married day 
by day. 
She said it was a celebratory event that everyone deserved to experience. 
Of course, it was hard to refute his elder. He couldn’t change her mindset, so he could only try his best 
to avoid her. 
Somehow, the rumor spread all over Shein City. 
Now, the entire city knew that Mr. Joseph, of the Collins family was looking for his future wife. 
Lucille also seemed to recall this from the memories stored in her mind. 
Hence, there wasn’t an inch of doubt in her right now. 
Just putting up an act for Madam Collins? Easy peasy, lemon squeezy! 
“For how long?” Lucille asked. “Give me a period of time.” 
“One year.” Joseph’s eyes were tightly fixed on hers as he said in a low voice, “In a year, the contract 
will 
become void.” 
Lucille nodded. After a short while, she asked, “I’m very curious. Why me? There are so many other 
socialites in Shein City. You could easily get anyone you desire.” 
Joseph narrowed his eyes, which were filled with a profound meaning that even Lucille could not see 
through. He lowered his eyes and said meaningfully, “Because you’re the only one who wouldn’t 
actually fall for me.” Joseph was looking for a girl like Lucille, who always had her head above all else. 
Hearing this, Lucille could not help but raise her brows. 
Was he acknowledging that she was a rational girl who always put her head before her heart. 
What a coincidence. 
She too felt that way about herself. 
“Okay!” Lucille stretched out her hand and said, “Deal.” 
Joseph lowered his eyes and looked at her long, cold, and pale fingers. His thin lips curved slightly. 
The next second, he reached out his hand to cup her pale, tender palm. “Nice working with you.” 
The others were far away, so they couldn’t hear what the two were talking about. They only knew that 
the two of them were very close, and their postures seemed very intimate, and there was a smile 
plastered on their faces. 
Someone couldn’t help exclaiming. “Did she actually say yes to his proposal?” 
“I don’t understand. What does Mr. Joseph like about her? Which young lady from an aristocratic family 
here isn’t better than Lucille?” 
The socialite who Lucille had just stomped on, was also one of Joseph’s fanatics. 
Seeing that Lucille and Joseph’s bodies were so close, she was boiling with envy. 
“Mr. Joseph!” The girl completely forgot about her reputation and shouted like a madman, “A woman 
like Lucille, who just broke up and has no morals, isn’t worthy of you.” 
Her words revealed the thoughts of the other socialites present. 
All of a sudden, everyone echoed. 
“That’s right! Mr, Joseph, with your status, you deserve a prestigious, well educated woman. Lucille, 
isn’t worthy of you!” 
“Mr. Joseph, you better think twice. Don’t be deceived by her appearance!” 
###Chapter 23
Facing the crowd’s ion, Joseph chose to ignore all of it. 
He held Lucille’s hand and walked onto the stage step by step. 
As soon as he raised his hand, Culver came over with an exquisite wooden chest in his hand. 
Joseph lifted the top of the chest, and pulled out a marriage certificate that looked as fancy as a royal 
declaration. 
The wedding contract was made from the most expensive material. The top of it was a golden swan 
made from silk. 
It was so ingenious and lifelike! 
When the guests saw it, they were all shocked. 
It was obvious that Joseph had come prepared! 
It seemed that he was serious. He really wanted to marry Lucille! 
Joseph personally took out the marriage contract and placed it on the table. Then, he took out a brush, 
dipped it in ink, and wrote down his name in an imposing manner. 
After he was done, he handed the brush to Lucille and signaled her with his eyes, “Your turn.” 
Lucille picked up the brush. Without hesitating, she flicked the brush across the paper and signed her 
name. 
Since Joseph had used the traditional method of signing their marriage certificate in front of everyone, 
it truly meant he wanted to stop his grandma from pestering him. 
Since that was the case, she, as an actor, naturally had to cooperate with him. 
Both parties signed their names, and the marriage contract immediately took effect. 
Joseph picked up the marriage contract and read it carefully. His thin lips curved into a smile. noveldrama
L 
“Culver, keep the certificate. Bring it home, and make sure it’s safe.” 
“Yes, sir!” Culver put the marriage contract back in the brocade box and stepped aside. 
Joseph held Lucille’s hand again and faced the crowd. “From now on, Lucille is my fiancee! If you dare 
to bully her, you’re going against me too!” 
When everyone heard this, they immediately lowered their heads in fear. 
No one dared to oppose Mr. Joseph. 
Seeing that no one dared to make a sound, the corners of Joseph’s lips curled up. “Next week, I will 
hold an engagement party with my fiancee. Everyone is welcome to come.” 
After that, he turned to look at Lucille gently. “Mrs. Collins, shall we go home?” 
Lucille’s eyes twitched as she resisted the urge to pull out her hand. 
Why did he hold her so tightly? And why were his eyes so gentle? 
Wasn’t his acting a little too good? 
Lucille took a deep breath, straightened her back, and stood side by side with Joseph. 
Their figures looked very noble. They were essentially made for each other. 
After they left, the guests couldn’t help whispering. 
“What’s going on? Lucille broke up with Samuel and got proposed to by Joseph? Isn’t that too 
magical?” 
“That’s the Collins family! They’re so powerful that they’re as rich as a country! If Lucille marries into 
the Collins family, we’ll be inferior to her in the future!” 
“More than that! Her status and value will rise into the clouds! In the future, she will not be on the same 
level as us!” 
Zoey’s eyes were bloodshot with jealousy as she listened to the whispers. 
Why? 
What right does Lucille have to live so well?! 
Why was it that no matter how hard she tried, he would never be able to compare to her?! 
She turned around and saw that Samuel was also staring in the direction of Lucille’s departure with a 
gloomy face. Zoey immediately clenched her fists with hatred. 
D*mn you, Lucille! 
Zoey wasn’t going to back down. 
In this life, she would never lose to Lucille! 
Samuel stared at Lucille’s back as she left, his eyes full of anger. 
For some reason, when he saw Lucille walking away hand-in-hand with Joseph, he suddenly felt a 
sense of unwillingness in his heart. 
He didn’t want Lucille to wash her hands off him that easily. 
She was clearly infatuated with him. 
But now, she just left him without any remorse? 
What was Samuel in her eyes? 
Could it be that her love was so cheap that she could just throw him away just like that? 
Samuel gritted his teeth in anger and cursed in a low voice, “You’re such a slutty woman. Shame on 
you!” Zoey tried to keep her cool and threw herself into his arms. “Samuel, don’t be angry. Isn’t it a 
good thing that she’s gone? In this way, no one can stop us anymore.” 
Samuel pulled her into his arms but somehow, he was no longer as excited and joyful as before. 
He once again looked in the direction of where Lucille had left, a dark light flashed across his eyes. 
###Chapter 24
The first thing Lucille did after leaving the whole banquet, was to shove away Joseph’s hand and 
retract the smile on her face. 
“Thank you for your help, Joseph. Please drop me off at the hotel along the way. Thank you.” 
Since he managed to get her number, and knew where she was every minute, he’d naturally know 
which hotel she was staying at. 
Therefore, Lucille did not even tell him the address. She got into the car, lay down in the back seat of 
the car, closed her eyes, and took a nap. 
Culver glanced over at Joseph. Seeing that he didn’t say anything, Culver hurriedly nodded and replied 
“Yes, Ms Lucille.” 
The way he addressed her made Joseph giggly on the inside. 
He got in the car and sat down beside Lucille. He emphasized, “Please drive carefully, let her have a 
good rest.” 
“Yes, sir!” Culver, who initially refused to acknowledge Lucille at the beginning as his mistress, had 
come to terms with it. 
Since Mr. Joseph liked her, he had to accept it no matter how bad Lucille’s reputation was. 
Lucille closed her eyes. She didn’t know how to feel about the entire situation. 
She had always been very flexible and adaptable. Moreover, the title wasn’t real. 
“By the way.” She opened her eyes and turned to look at Joseph. “You said that there would be an 
engagement party next week?” 
“Yes.” The man looked at her and asked, “Is there a problem?” 
Lucille frowned and thought for two seconds. “No problem, but I want you to help me find someone.” 
Joseph narrowed his eyes sharply, and a dangerous light flashed in his eyes. “Don’t tell me that you 
made a deal with me just for this person.” 
Lucille nodded without hesitation. “That’s right.” 
Joseph’s expression darkened, and the air in the room became tense. 
The reason why she was willing to work with him was for this person, so whoever he or she was, must 
be important to her. 
Joseph was silent for two seconds before he said in a low voice, “Give me the other party’s 
information.” That meant he was going to do it for her. 
Lucille liked his straightforward attitude. She raised her brows and forwarded the information she had 
on that person to Joseph. 
Joseph heard his phone buzz and pulled it out. When he saw that the person was a female, the haze 
on his face disappeared in an instant, and the dark aura surrounding his body dissipated. 
“Her name is Molly.” Lucille said placidly. “Because of an accident, her IQ deteriorated to that of a five- 
year-old child. I also included a photo of her. If possible, I’d like to locate her as soon as possible.” 
A young girl with a five-year-old IQ meant that she didn’t have the capabilities to take care of herself. 
God knows how much she has been bullied. 
Lucille couldn’t reveal her true identity, so she needed Joseph’s help to look for her. 
Joseph silently wrote down Molly’s information. “I’ll give you an answer within a week.” 
“Thank you.” 
This “thank you” was from the bottom of Lucille’s heart. 
She appreciated how Joseph didn’t ask any questions about her intentions. Lucille felt like the both of 
them would get along just fine. 
“By the way.” Lucille took out a lollipop from her bag and handed it to Joseph. “When you find Molly, 
give this to 
her, tell her to look for Lucy” 
Joseph took the lollipop and raised his eyebrows slightly, 
It was watermelon flavored, and it did in fact look tasty 
Holding the lollipop in his hand, he muttered exftly. Lo y 
He deliberately drawled the end of the sentence His voice was low and magnatio, making people blisch 
and their hearts skip a beat 
But Lucille didn’t react at all She simply replied. “Yes” 
Joseph’s eyes flickered and he didn’t say anything else 
When they arrived at the hotel, Lucille got out of the car quickly. She stood by the roadside and waved noveldrama
to the man. Thanks, bye-bye” 
Joseph rolled down the window and he tilted his head to look at her His thin lips curved slightly “See 
yo 
tomorrow 
Lucille nodded and turned to leave. 
At this moment, Madam Dahlia’s excited voice suddenly came from the side. “Miss Lucilla’ How did you 
and up in Mr Joseph’s car?” 
###Chapter 25
Madam Dahlia was thrilled to see Lucille get out of Joseph’s car and to see them greeting each other 
goodbye. Lucille’s brows raised in horror. Before Madam Dahlia could say anything further, Lucille 
quickly dragged her back into the hotel. 
On the way back to their room, Madam Dahlia kept bombarding her with questions. “Miss, when did 
you get so close to Mr. Joseph? Are the both of you close?” 
“Did you manage to break off the engagement? Was Mr. Joseph there too? Is that why he dropped you 
off?” “Mr. Joseph is young and promising. He’s a rare talent. You must seize this opportunity and get noveldrama
closer to him!” Lucille sighed. When she entered the elevator, she cut Madam Dahlia off. “How’s it 
going with the villa? Did you manage to get everything?” 
The sudden interruption caught her off guard for a moment. Madam Dahlia paused and then nodded. 
“I’ve bought everything. We can move in at any time.” 
Lucille nodded. “Then let’s go back and pack up.” 
“Okay.” Madam Dahlia nodded, followed behind her obediently, and walked out of the elevator. 
Outside the hotel, in the luxury car. 
Joseph had sent Molly’s identity information to Culver. “Find this person in a week. I don’t care how, or 
what you do, I want you to find her right away.” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Culver was silent for two seconds and then said cautiously. “Mr. Joseph, you went behind Madam 
Collins’ back and signed a marriage certificate with Miss Jules. If she finds out, won’t she be angry?” 
Joseph turned his head and looked out of the window. His side profile was exquisite and handsome. 
“No, she’d be jumping over the moon to know that I got married.” 
Culver paused and couldn’t help asking. “Then why must it be Miss Jules? Do you really like her? But 
you’ve seen her profile, she’s never left Shein City, It’s impossible she’s the girl you’re looking for…” 
Speaking of this, Culver hurriedly shut his mouth and wished he could slap himself. 
“What are you talking about? Why do you want to talk about this?” he thought to himself. He deserved 
to die! 
He looked at the man nervously, but the man looked into the distance with his ethereal eyes. 
After a long while, he asked in a low voice, “What if it’s her?” 
Culver was stunned for a moment and cried out in his heart, “Impossible.” 
10 years ago, Lucille was merely an eight-year-old little girl. 
At that time, she was the apple of the Jules family’s eye and was regarded as their favorite little 
princess. Why would she have been the one in that pitch black alley that was darker than hell? 
Moreover, they had confirmed that the girl Mr. Joseph met at the alley was missing at the moment. 
No one knew if she was dead or alive. Maybe, she was merely a decayed body now. 
It was a pity that the Mr. Joseph attached great importance to love. Because of the promise he made to 
the little girl back then, he had been obsessed with her all these years. He had been looking for her 
everywhere, but he could not find her. 
Culver sighed and suddenly thought of something. He said excitedly. “Mr. Joseph! Didn’t you say that 
there was a scar on that little girl’s back? As long as we can find a way to find out if there is a scar on
Lucille’s back, we can be sure that she is the girl from back then.” 
Joseph’s eyes narrowed slightly as he gestured for him to continue. 
Culver cleared his throat and perked up his courage. “I think the reason why you’re so kind to Lucille is 
because you think she’s that little girl from back then. But if she isn’t, then would you…” 
Before he could finish her words, the man’s face darkened. “Remember, she is your mistress now.” 
The meaning behind his words was evident. 
Culver trembled and quickly shut his mouth. “Yes, sir.” 
Well, it was true, he had overstepped his place. 
It seemed that Mr. Joseph treating Lucille well has nothing to do with the girl from back then. 
That night, the news of Joseph’s grand proposal to Lucille spread throughout the city and became a hot 
topic. of discussion among the public. 
In addition, the news that Lucille had broken off the engagement with Samuel in public had also made 
the headlines. 
Lucille became the focus of everyone’s attention overnight. She was the focus of almost everyone’s 
attention. 
After Howard learned about these two gossips, he nearly fainted in his sick bed. 
“Did I hear something wrong?” He looked at Charles anxiously. “Did Mr. Joseph really propose to that 
b*tch in front of everyone? And they even signed the marriage certificate?” 
“It’s true. I saw it with my own eyes. I was there at that time.” 
Howard clenched his fists angrily. “Good! Good! I didn’t expect that the bastard to be so capable. She 
even managed to slither her way into the Collins family!” 
He always wanted to gain connections with the Collins family, but he couldn’t find a way. 
Now that Lucille had become the Joseph’s fiancee, that would make him Joseph’s father-in-law, 
Then that would mean he’d have all the glory and fortune in world! 
###Chapter 26
While Howard was immersed in the joy of climbing up the high branch of the Collins family, Zoey 
immediately hit him with a splash of reality. 
“Dad, have you forgotten? You’ve already announced to the public that you’ve cut ties with Lucille. You 
said that even if she were nearing death, you want nothing to do with her. Lucille has always been 
someone who never forgives nor forgets. Plus, now that she’s part of the high ranking Collins family. 
Not only won’t she not help us, she’ll now use the power from Mr. Joseph’s family and seek revenge on 
us.” 
Howard was stunned and his smile froze on the corner of his mouth. 
Yes, how could he forget about it? 
“You’re right.” He gritted his teeth and said, “Lucille, that ungrateful b*tch might even get her revenge 
on us.” 
Zoey narrowed her eyes in a sinister way. “So, Dad, we must not let this marriage succeed. Otherwise, 
the Jules family will be destroyed in her hands.” 
Seeing that Howard was still hesitating, Zoey sighed again. “Once, my classmates accidentally bumped 
into her and sent her into the pond. Bear in mind that it was an accident. She held a grudge in her 
heart. Not only did she call the police, but she also refused to withdraw her report. She’s adamant that 
someone was to be blamed for it. Her stubborn character is really…” 
Howard, who was still hesitating, was immediately shaken by her words. 
“That’s true, I’ve already cut her out. If she really marries into the Collins family, she will definitely take 
revenge on us with their power.” 
He shouldn’t have been so kind to her back then. If he hadn’t, then she wouldn’t have gotten the 
chance to sell. 40% of her shares. 
Although he had already found a way to buy back 20% of the shares, that huge sum of money was 
equivalent fo a significant loss! 
L 
With his current financial situation, if something were to slip up at the company at this moment, then he 
would really be penniless! 
Therefore, the best solution he could come up with was to prevent Lucille from marrying into the Collins 
family. 
Howard calmed down and asked, “Zoey, I remember that she stole something from your classmates 
before, didn’t she? What was it?” 
Zoey lowered her head and tried to behave coquettishly. She stole the precious diamond necklace from 
the Zanes family’s daughter. The necklace is worth at least a thousand yuan. It happened about two 
months ago, and everyone in class knows about it. But she somehow managed to get Jenny locked up 
in a detention center until now. Obviously, the Zanes family will blame this on us.” 
Howard was so angry that you could see smoke coming out from his nose. “This unfilial daughter! She 
is heartless! Don’t blame me for being a heartless father!” 
Zoey lowered her head, a wicked smile tugging at the corners of her lips. 
She had achieved her goal. 
Now, she had to just wait for the show to unfold before her! 
That night, Jenny’s father, Sebastian Zanes, received a call from Howard. 
On the phone, Howard personally admitted that Lucille was the one who stole Jenny’s necklace. His 
last sentence was, “Mr. Zanes, I have severed all ties with this b*stard. No matter what you choose to 
do, I will not interfere! This is the punishment she deserves!” 
In the early morning of the next day, the fog hung over the twilight sky. 
Lucille was already awake at 5 in the morning, and she had spent two hours at the gym. 
When she was done training, she wiped the sweat from her face and ignored the men around her who 
seemed 
While Howard was immersed in the joy of climbing up the high branch of the Collins family, Zoey 
immediately hit him with a splash of reality. 
“Dad, have you forgotten? You’ve already announced to the public that you’ve cut ties with Lucille. You 
said that even if she were nearing death, you want nothing to do with her. Lucille has always been 
someone who never forgives nor forgets. Plus, now that she’s part of the high ranking Collins family. 
Not only won’t she not help us, she’ll now use the power from Mr. Joseph’s family and seek revenge on 
us.” 
Howard was stunned and his smile froze on the corner of his mouth. 
Yes, how could he forget about it? 
“You’re right.” He gritted his teeth and said, “Lucille, that ungrateful b*tch might even get her revenge 
on us.” 
Zoey narrowed her eyes in a sinister way. “So, Dad, we must not let this marriage succeed. Otherwise, 
the Jules family will be destroyed in her hands.” 
Seeing that Howard was still hesitating, Zoey sighed again. “Once, my classmates accidentally bumped 
into her and sent her into the pond. Bear in mind that it was an accident. She held a grudge in her 
heart. Not only did she call the police, but she also refused to withdraw her report. She’s adamant that 
someone was to be blamed for it. Her stubborn character is really…” 
Howard, who was still hesitating, was immediately shaken by her words. 
“That’s true, I’ve already cut her out. If she really marries into the Collins family, she will definitely take 
revenge on us with their power.” 
He shouldn’t have been so kind to her back then. If he hadn’t, then she wouldn’t have gotten the 
chance to sell. 40% of her shares. 
Although he had already found a way to buy back 20% of the shares, that huge sum of money was 
equivalent fo a significant loss! 
L 
With his current financial situation, if something were to slip up at the company at this moment, then he 
would really be penniless! 
Therefore, the best solution he could come up with was to prevent Lucille from marrying into the Collins 
family. 
Howard calmed down and asked, “Zoey, I remember that she stole something from your classmates 
before, didn’t she? What was it?” 
Zoey lowered her head and tried to behave coquettishly. She stole the precious diamond necklace from 
the Zanes family’s daughter. The necklace is worth at least a thousand yuan. It happened about two 
months ago, and everyone in class knows about it. But she somehow managed to get Jenny locked up 
in a detention center until now. Obviously, the Zanes family will blame this on us.” 
Howard was so angry that you could see smoke coming out from his nose. “This unfilial daughter! She 
is heartless! Don’t blame me for being a heartless father!” 
Zoey lowered her head, a wicked smile tugging at the corners of her lips. 
She had achieved her goal. 
Now, she had to just wait for the show to unfold before her! 
That night, Jenny’s father, Sebastian Zanes, received a call from Howard. noveldrama
On the phone, Howard personally admitted that Lucille was the one who stole Jenny’s necklace. His 
last sentence was, “Mr. Zanes, I have severed all ties with this b*stard. No matter what you choose to 
do, I will not interfere! This is the punishment she deserves!” 
In the early morning of the next day, the fog hung over the twilight sky. 
Lucille was already awake at 5 in the morning, and she had spent two hours at the gym. 
When she was done training, she wiped the sweat from her face and ignored the men around her who 
seemed 
to be interested in making conversation. Instead, she went back up to her room and changed into a 
fresh outfit. 
Madam Dahlia was one step ahead and arranged for room service. Just as the dishes arrived at the 
room, Lucille stepped out of the bathroom. 
“Miss, come and have a bite.” 
“I’m coming.” Lucille sat down and picked up a sandwich. 
After breakfast, Lucille went through to check-out. 
The new villa had been cleaned up yesterday, and it was filled with all the stuff they needed. There was 
no need for her to stay in the hotel since she had her own place to stay. 
Lucille asked Madam Dahlia move her things into the new villa. Since it was Monday, she had taken a 
taxi to attend her classes. 
Sitting in the taxi, she turned on the phone that had been shut off all night long. 
The stream of messages full of harassment overflowed her phone. 
One of them even had death threats. 
‘Little girl, I’ll give you one last warning. If you don’t drop the lawsuit and make my daughter really go to 
jail, be careful, or I’ll kill you!’ 
The arrogant tone of the message was signed off with an arrogant name, Sebastian Zane. 
She remembered. Oh, this was Jenny’s biological father, a business tycoon who ranked in the top 50 of 
Shein City. 
Lucille’s fingertips tapped lightly and she replied to the other party’s message… 
‘I have the evidence on hand now. If I were to make a move, Mr. Zanes, you’d be the biggest suspect.
###Chapter 27
The text message was sent successfully. 
The corners of Lucille’s lips tugged upwards. “You dare threaten me? Heh.” 
Sebastian, who received the reply, choked on his words. At this moment, his old, wrinkled face was 
tight and covered by a dark cloud. 
“This little girl dare threaten me? She wasn’t even afraid of my messages?” he thought. 
“Damn it!” he cursed internally. 
Sebastian’s face was gloomy. He slammed the table and said angrily, “I want you to press the 
university into expelling this girl! And, report her for theft! Since she dares to fight back, I’ll let her have 
a taste of death!” The butler reminded him carefully. “Sir, this girl is engaged to Mr. Joseph now. 
Shouldn’t we keep things low key..” 
“Why should I be afraid? This girl put my daughter into jail. In fact, she deserves to be skinned alive for 
what she’s done! Besides, since when did Mr. Joseph care about women? He’s clearly just toying with 
her!” noveldrama
“Yes, sir.” The butler nodded. “I’ll do it immediately.” 
The taxi stopped by the side of the road. 
Right ahead of them laid the main gate of the university. 
Lucille paid the fare and got out of the car. When she entered the school, many people pointed and 
whispered at her along the way. 
“Look, it’s her. She’s the one who ruined the reputation of our medical department single handedly! I 
really feel ashamed to be in the same department with someone like her!” 
“Lpity those who are in the same class as her. If I slip up and accidentally offend her, she will accuse 
me of slandering her and send me to jail! I heard that all of the eight people she accused are still in the 
detention 
center.” 
“Tsk, a girl with no morals. Fortunately, Samuel broke off the engagement with her! But I guess she 
couldn’t resist being at the bottom of the hierarchy. Right after breaking up with Samuel, she moves on 
to Mr. Josephi How shameless!” 
“How can a scum like her still have the audacity to show up for classes?” 
“Don’t worry. I heard that the upper ranks in school have sent a letter to expel her. Let’s wait and see!* 
In the midst of all the gossip, Lucille straightened her back and remained calm and composed. 
She passed through the shady path and moved forward steadily from countless hostile gazes. Those 
voices reached her ears from time to time. Those who gloated and were full of disgust seemed to be 
unable to obtain any emotion from her. 
After the heated discussion, the crowd gradually quieted down. 
Everyone stared in astonishment as Lucille walked away. 
Under the warm sun, the girl was dressed in a long blue dress. She looked graceful. The color she 
wore could’ve easily eaten her up, but there was a kind of nobility and elegance which shone from her 
core when she wore that dress. 
Although she was evil and cunning, there was no doubt about Lucille’s beauty. 
She didn’t even have to do anything, just the turn of her eyes made her beauty shine. 
The gazes that were cast at her were full of disgust and amazement. 
Lucille looked steadily forward and walked straight into the teaching building. 
This time, the door of the classroom was open. From a distance, there seemed to be a crowd of 
people. Even people from other classes poked their heads out to watch the fun. 
As for the reason behind the crowd… the principal had shown up in person. 
As soon as Lucille stepped into the classroom, she found that the tables and chairs were gone, and 
even the acupuncture model that she had spent a month to complete was thrown into the trash. 
It seemed that someone had instructed them to do so. 
Lucille’s eyes turned cold and her gaze fell on the principal, who was standing tall and straight. 
The principal, who was originally full of confidence, suddenly shivered. 
For some reason, when he came into contact with the girl’s cold gaze, he felt like her eyes poked holes 
through. his body. 
It was as if the person in front of him was not an ordinary student who was used to causing trouble, but 
a big shot that he couldn’t afford to offend… 
The principal came back to his senses, straightened his back again, and threw a notice of expulsion to 
Lucille! 
He announced, “From now on, you don’t have to come to school, because you have been expelled!”
###Chapter 28
As soon as he finished talking, faint cheers came from the classroom and outside. 
What a piece of good news! 
Everyone was busy cheering and celebrating! 
Lucille did not even look at the letter. The corners of her lips curled into a mocking smile as she asked, 
“What’s the reason?” 
“First, your grades did not meet the criteria, you’re not fit for medical school! Second, you slandered 
your classmates, and now you have caused eight of them to be detained in the police station!” The 
principal said in a loud voice, “You have created a mess at this university, and this is the consequence 
of it!” 
Lucille smiled. 
“I have proof, and what’s wrong with reporting them if it means protecting myself? What’s more, the 
eight of them committed a crime, which the police themselves have verified! Sir, you keep accusing me 
of slandering the university, but I believe you’re the one slandering me right now!” 
If there was no solid evidence, could the eight people, including Jenny, be brought in just by her 
words? 
The principal was speechless. 
After thinking about it for a while, it was obvious that it was not feasible to use this as an excuse to 
make trouble. The principal cleared his throat and said, “But your grades are at the bottom of the class,
and that will affect the rest of your classmates studying. With this, the school has enough reasons to 
expel you!” 
This medical school was based on the rules of survival of the fittest. If one’s grades were not qualified 
all year round, he or she could be expelled. 
The principal said in a deep voice, “This is our university’s rule. Everyone knows it and even you can’t 
deny it!” 4’do know about it. Lucille said slowly, “But I also know that there is a test that must be done 
before being expelled. If I pass the test, the decision of being expelled will be withdrawn. Am I right, 
sir?” 
The principal’s face darkened, and he obviously acquiesced. 
This rule was set by him in person in order to give the loser one last chance. 
But there was no way she was going to pass! 
“Even if I give you this chance, you won’t be able to pass. My advice is to just forgo the test and save 
your own face!” noveldrama
“That won’t do. As the principal, you have to follow the school rules. As a student, I have to follow the 
school rules as well.” Lucille smiled. 
She didn’t care if she were expelled or not, but she refused to be expelled for such petty accusations! 
“We can have the test right now.” 
The principal and the students in the class were dumbfounded. They looked at Lucille with incredulous 
expressions. 
Who in the whole school didn’t know that she ranked last for every single exam? Not only was she not 
dejected, but she also wanted to humiliate herself? 
“Okay, as you wish!” 
The principal sneered, then pointed to the cleaner who was cleaning the corridor outside the door and 
said, “He’s your test. You wanted to prove yourself? Well, go and treat his feet!” 
As soon as he finished his words, there was a burst of laughter. 
Because this cleaner, couldn’t speak. He was known as Mr. Dumb to the entire university. Due to his 
old age. and creaky knees, it was obviously difficult for him to do his work. But in order to keep this job, 
he stood strong. against all their teasing with a smile to not offend anyone. 
But… now they wanted to fix his feet? 
Mr. Dumb waved his hand repeatedly and tried to escape in panic. 
However, the other students who wanted to watch the show would not let it go. 
A few boys rushed forward and dragged him into the classroom. While forcing him to take off his shoes, 
they laughed and said, “Mr. Dumb, don’t hide. Aren’t your legs weak? Don’t they keep shaking? It just 
so happens that our class’ Miss Jules wants to treat you!” 
“Hee hee, don’t worry, Mr. Dumb. We’re learning acupuncture now, plus the principal is right here. Even 
if it doesn’t work, we won’t make it worse.” 
Before Mr. Dumb could react, he had already been pressed on the table, and even his shoes that were 
filled with holes, had been stripped off his feet. 
When other girls caught a whiff of the smell, they covered their noses with disgust and kept dodging 
back. “Oh my god, it smells like hell! Are you trying to polson us to death?” 
“Oh, it’s so disgusting!” 
Everyone looked at Lucille in disdain as they waited for her to retreat. 
Lucille picked up the acupuncture bag next to her and stepped forward. She bent over and gently held 
up the pair of feet that were full of scars. Mr. Dumb was so embarrassed he wanted to bury his head 
into the ground. 
He was so scared he froze. 
The girl in front of him lowered her head. She didn’t react with disgust like he had expected, nor did she 
avoid touching his feet because they were dirty. Instead, she held his feet soundly in her palm. 
Mr. Dumb’s lips moved, and tears appeared in his turbid eyes. 
“Mr, is the place you live in moist all year round?” Lucille asked. She took out a silver needle and 
inserted it into the acupuncture point at the center of Mr. Dumb’s feet. At the same time, she tried to 
calm him down. “Don’t be nervous. This is an injury caused by severe fluid accumulation around your 
knee. You’ll be fine after this” 
As she said this, she stuck another dozen or so silver needles into his feet. 
###Chapter 29
Before the others could even figure out what was going on, they saw that Lucille had finished her 
acupuncture! 
The principal was also stunned and couldn’t help but scold, “Do you know which are the correct points? 
How dare you randomly stick the needles into him? Can you bear the responsibility if something 
happens to him?” 
Lucille ignored him. 
Mr. Dumb was trying to say something in a panic, but because he did not know how to speak, he could 
only make a low-pitched sound from his throat. 
When the other students heard this, they immediately shouted, “Look, Mr. Dumb is saying it hurts! Why 
don’t you take the silver needles off quickly?” 
Mr. Dumb was so anxious that he was sweating. He could only express it with his gestures…. 
‘It doesn’t hurt, don’t blame her for nothing”. 
Lucille said placidly, “Hold on, it’ll just be another two minutes.” 
The principal was furious, but he still waited patiently for two minutes. 
Two minutes later, when he was about to forcefully remove the silver needles, the end of the silver 
needle suddenly began to drip. 
Yes, a drop of water! 
Everyone gasped and were stunned! 
“How, how could this be?” 
At the center of his feet, those silver needles kept dripping water. In just a few seconds, there was 
already a small pool of water on the ground! 
If the corridor outside the classroom, an old professor, who was just passing by, took in the whole 
process of Lucille’s acupuncture. 
At first, it was just a spur of the moment thing and he stopped to watch out of curiosity. 
When he saw the silver needle dripping with water, the old professor’s pupils suddenly dilated, and he 
was so excited that his whole body was trembling slightly! 
This acupuncture technique… 
He had only seen it done once in his entire life! 
And the master who did it was an expert! However, his whereabouts had become a mystery. Countless 
people wanted to ask him to treat them, but they returned empty handed! 
The old professor was extremely shocked. He had never thought that there was someone in this school 
who had the same technique as that master! 
Could it be… 
At this moment, Lucille had already removed all the silver needles. She helped Mr. Dumb up and said, 
“Mr, try walking. See if you’re still feeling uncomfortable.” 
Mr. Dumb walked a few steps as told, and then widened his eyes in surprise. His pupils were filled with 
excitement, disbelief, and incomparable gratitude. 
‘It doesn’t hurt anymore! She really cured me!’ 
Mr. Dumb gestured with his hands, and his excitement was beyond words. 
Even if the others didn’t understand his sign language, but they could see how he was now able to turn 
easily and jump in the sky. It was clear that the usually feeble Mr. Dumb, was now strong and full of 
energy. 
The students looked at each other in dismay. No one was willing to believe what had just happened. 
“How, how is this possible? He’s cured just because of the few needles Lucille jabbed into his leg?” 
“Mr. Dumb, tell me the truth. She asked you to be here, didn’t she?” 
“I don’t believe it. It must be Lucille’s good luck that she managed to pull this off!” 
Before the others could even figure out what was going on, they saw that Lucille had finished her 
acupuncture! The principal was also stunned and couldn’t help but scold. ‘Do you know which are the 
correct points? How dare you randomly stick the needles into him? Can you bear the responsibility if 
something happens to him?” 
Lucille ignored him. 
Mr. Dumb was trying to say something in a panic, but because he did not know how to speak, he could 
only make a low pitched sound from his throat 
When the other students heard this, they immediately shouted, “Look, Mr. Dumb is saying it hurts! Why 
don’t you take the silver needles off quickly? 
Mr Dumb was so anxious that he was sweating. He could only express it with his gestures… 
It doesn’t hurt, don’t blame her for nothing”. 
Lucille said placidly, “Hold on, it’ll just be another two minutes.” 
The principal was furious, but he still waited patiently for two minutes. 
Two minutes later, when he was about to forcefully remove the silver needles, the end of the silver 
needle suddenly began to drip. 
Yes, a drop of water! 
Everyone gasped and were stunned! 
“How, how could this be?” 
At the center of his feet, those silver needles kept dripping water. In just a few seconds, there was 
already a small pool of water on the ground! 
the corridor outside the classroom, an old professor, who was just passing by, took in the whole 
process of Lucille’s acupuncture. 
At first, it was just a spur of the moment thing and he stopped to watch out of curiosity. 
When he saw the silver needle dripping with water, the old professor’s pupils suddenly dilated, and he 
was so excited that his whole body was trembling slightly! 
This acupuncture technique…. 
He had only seen it done once in his entire life! 
And the master who did it was an expert! However, his whereabouts had become a mystery Countless 
people wanted to ask him to treat them, but they returned empty handed! 
The old professor was extremely shocked. He had never thought that there was someone in this school 
who had the same technique as that master! 
Could it be… 
At this moment, Lucille had already removed all the silver needles. She helped Mr. Dumb up and said, 
“Mr, try walking. See if you’re still feeling uncomfortable.” 
Mr. Dumb walked a few steps as told, and then widened his eyes in surprise. His pupils were filled with 
excitement, disbelief, and incomparable gratitude. 
‘It doesn’t hurt anymore! She really cured me! 
Mr Dumb gestured with his hands, and his excitement was beyond words. 
Even if the others didn’t understand his sign language, but they could see how he was now able to turn 
easily and jump in the sky. It was clear that the usually feeble Mr. Dumb, was now strong and full of 
energy The students looked at each other in dismay. No one was willing to believe what had just 
happened. “How, how is this possible? He’s cured just because of the few needles Lucille jabbed into 
his leg?” “Mr. Dumb, tell me the truth. She asked you to be here, didn’t she?” 
“I don’t believe it. It must be Lucille’s good luck that she managed to pull this off!” 
Not to mention that the other students didn’t believe it, even the principal’s face turned green. 
He had purposely assigned her a difficult test, intent on making her fail. On the contrary, Lucille did not 
panic and easily passed it with flying colors! 
Wasn’t this a public slap to his face? 
The principal said in a deep voice, “No, it’s not counted this time!” 
Lucille said nothing but slowly put the silver needles back into the needle bag. 
Her attitude was very clear… 
They could just come at her and she would prove it to them. 
It didn’t matter if they were trying to make things difficult for her or if it was a complicated disease… noveldrama
She would impress them!
###Chapter 30
“Well, since you are so confident in yourself, then…” 
The principal straightened his back and was about to make things difficult for her again when a strong 
force suddenly came from behind him! 
The imposing principal was pushed a few steps forward by this force. He gritted his teeth and looked 
back in anger and embarrassment. “Who pushed me?” 
Who dared to be so bold? 
The students on the side shook their heads innocently and then pointed at the old professor who 
suddenly rushed in. 
At the sight of this figure, the principal had to swallow back his anger. 
Well, he couldn’t afford to offend him. 
This old professor was a legend in their medical college. He was a walking star. Master Walton was a 
highly accomplished and respected acupuncture master in Shein City. 
The line of patients that wanted to see Master Walton spanned longer than the Mississippi River; the 
number of people who wanted to learn from him was infinite! 
The principal straightened his clothes and asked politely, “Master Walton, what are you doing here?” 
“Why am I here? If I hadn’t come, I wouldn’t have seen such a scene. As the principal, I didn’t expect 
you to be a bully and make things difficult for this student on purpose! It’s no wonder that the school’s 
reputation has been rocky these days.” 
After Master Walton lectured him, his gaze swept across the group of students. 
“And the lot of you! Look at your grinning faces. How can you call yourself a medical student?” A girl 
whispered, “We didn’t do anything wrong. Why would you say something like that? 
Master Walton sneered, and every word he said was enough to strike fear into people’s hearts. noveldrama
“Not only did you not address the patient’s issues, but you chose to look at his feet in disgust. You even 
covered your nose and said to his face how you fell disgust. Tell me, is this how you should behave? 
Do you deserve to be called a medical student with that attitude?” 
There was a dead silence in the classroom. 
This time, no one dared to refute. 
The principal coughed softly and couldn’t help saying, “Master Walton, let’s not be rash. The decision I 
made to expel the student was not only because of her poor grades, but also because of her bad 
conduct and previous history of theft. Even if such a person passed the test, she couldn’t remain in this 
school. I didn’t deliberately make things difficult for her…” 
“She can’t stay even after passing the test? Then is the test just for show?” 
“No, we have to also look at her as a person…” 
“Oh, I got it. I got it.” Master Walton seemed to nod in agreement all of a sudden. 
Just as the principal was about to let out a sigh of relief, Master Walton decided to flip. 
“Look at the pool of water on the ground. How many students in this university can do that with just a 
bunch of needles? I’m afraid I can count them out with just one hand! I’ll have you know, if you choose 
to dismiss her today, I’m sure she’ll be snatched up by another university tomorrow!” 
With his hands on his waist, Master Walton’s breath penetrated the still air. 
As far as everyone can remember, this was the first time he had lost such a temper. 
“Master Walton, please calm down…” 
The principal wanted to say something else, but Master Walton ignored him. He only looked at Lucille 
and his eyes instantly softened. He asked, “Little girl, who did you learn that from?” 
Lucille was slightly surprised. 
The technique of using silver needles to rid fluid had long been extinct. In order not to expose her 
identity, she held back when she was using the needles earlier. She didn’t expect someone who was 
familiar with that skill to be watching her. 
However… she didn’t intend to admit it, so she casually said, “I don’t remember which book I read it on, 
but I decided to give it a try.” 
“I see.” Master Walton was not too disappointed. He continued, “Then, are you willing to be my 
student? If you say yes, I’ll teach you everything I know.” 
As soon as he said that, all the students, including the principal, burst into an uproar! 
What! Master Walton wants to take Lucille as his disciple? 
This was something priceless, why was she the one to receive it? 
For a moment, dozens of envious, despiteful gazes were fixed on Lucille. 
But without even thinking twice, she just rejected his offer. 
###Chapter 31
“Thank you for your kindness, but I have no intention of becoming your disciple.” 
This time, even Master Walton choked and couldn’t help but ask, “Do you already have a mentor?” 
Lucille lowered her gaze and murmured, “You could say that.” 
Her grandfather’s skills were incomparable. When he was young, he destroyed the enemies in his path 
and traversed the world with his knowledge. He was respected by tens of thousands of people and had 
lived for thousands of years. 
She had been with her grandfather since she was a child and had been taught by him. Relying on her 
excellent memory and innate talent, she had learned all of his medical skills. 
If it weren’t for that incident… 
Lucille clenched her fists. 
She didn’t want to talk too much and only asked, “Is the principal going to expel me now?” 
The principal’s head was full of bruises. 
He decided to put away his prejudice against Lucille. Despite the fact that he had never heard of or 
seen the technique she had just demonstrated, even Master Walton wanted to take her in as a disciple. 
That was enough to prove Lucille’s strength! 
If they were to really expel a student like her, Master Walton’s prediction would come true. Other 
schools were still eager to get her, and they would definitely rush over and snatch her up. 
After thinking for a while, the principal straightened up and stated in a righteous tone, “Since you have 
passed the test, you shall not be expelled. You can stay-” 
However, before he could finish, he was interrupted by Lucille. 
“So, you’re saying you won’t expel me, right?” she asked. 
“That’s right!” 
Just as the principal was about to say a few more words of encouragement, Lucille smiled gently and 
casually said, “Good. I would like to drop out.” 
Being expelled and taking the initiative to drop out of school were two different concepts. 
Instead of getting kicked out, she was leaving of her own volition. 
Lucille’s words stunned everyone. 
“W-What did you say?” noveldrama
Hadn’t she just begged not to get expelled? Wasn’t that the reason why she took the test despite the 
difficulties? Why was she suddenly saying that she wanted to drop out? 
The principal came to his senses and angrily grumbled, “I’m willing to give you a chance. Don’t you 
know what’s good for you?” 
It turned out that the principal thought she didn’t know what was good for her. 
Lucille’s gaze landed on the empty seat. 
“My tables and chairs were moved away, and the model I put so much effort into completing was 
broken and thrown into the trash. It’s a pity that these things were labeled as trash because of the
injustice suffered by their owner,” she uttered. 
“Why would I want to stay in such an arrogant place, where nobody knows what respect is?” 
Her words were clear and her tone was unhurried, but every word she said was deeply thought- 
invoking. Master Walton snorted as well. “Now that you say it, the principal is really useless! Come, 
let’s go to another school. I’ll write you a recommendation letter and ensure that you can get into a 
better school!” 
The corners of Lucille’s lips curled into a smile. 
Master Walton was rather cute. 
The two of them turned around and walked out at the same time 
The principal was anxious Losing a student was reasonable, but if Master Walton also resigned from 
his position as a registered professor, then someone else would have to fill the space he left behind 
He hurnedly chased the students away and shouted, “What are you waiting for? Pick up the model and 
wipe it clean. Where did her table and chair go? Move them back now!” 
There was chaos. 
A few minutes later, the table and chair were returned to their positions and the model was wiped 
clean. 
The principal’s face was tense as he stood in front of Master Walton and Lucille. I’ll reflect on what 
happened today. Master Walton, please calm down and don’t lower yourself to my level. Also, Lucille, 
I’ve already withdrawn the punishment. If you have any other requests, feel free to bring them up!” 
Lucille raised an eyebrow. She did indeed have a request. 
###Chapter 32
“Sir, you just said that I have a bad character and a history of stealing, right? Well, my request is for 
you to thoroughly investigate this matter and clear my name!” she stated. 
It was because of such an accusation that Lucille, the original owner of the item, had been accused of 
being a thief. People were still pointing fingers at her to that day. 
Two months ago, Jenny wore a diamond necklace and showed off in class. Lucille could tell that she 
was trying to get along with the class, so she went along with it and praised her as well. 
Unexpectedly, Jenny’s necklace disappeared during PE class that day. 
Everyone was looking for it. 
In the end, it was Zoey who found it in Lucille’s locker. In front of everyone, she had a tone of disbelief 
as she said, “Lucille, no matter how much you like other people’s things, you can’t steal them!” 
From that moment on, Lucille had committed theft. 
After going back home, she was severely beaten by Howard, so much so that she had to lie in bed for 
a whole month without being able to move! 
That wrongful accusation had been around for long enough. It was time to prove her innocence. 
The principal frowned. “Even if you say you’re innocent, it’s been so long. It’s hard to find out…” 
“It’s not hard.” 
Lucille casually said, “The necklace is still on the school grounds. Since that’s the case, can’t you 
check if there are my fingerprints on it?” 
At the time, after Zoey found the missing necklace in Lucille’s locker, almost everyone was sure that 
she had stolen it. 
Jenny, on the other hand, had thrown the necklace into the trash on the spot, for fear of bad luck. 
In the end, a teacher kept the necklace and said that Jenny could take it back whenever she wanted. 
However, the high-and-mighty Miss Zanes arrogantly declared that she would never touch anything so 
dirty. Because of that, the necklace was still being kept in the office. 
As long as they were able to extract the fingerprints on it, it was enough to prove her innocence. Lucille 
asked, “Is that possible, sir?” 
Before the principal could answer, Master Walton also questioned him with a straight face. “Is that 
possible?” If the principal were to say that it wasn’t, then Master Walton would leave immediately. 
The principal was forced to nod. “I will investigate this matter personally. We cannot let a student be 
wronged. I will definitely look into this!” 
“That’s more like it.” 
Master Walton was satisfied. He then turned to Lucille and said, “Your problem has been resolved. I 
also have something to discuss with you. Could we step aside for a moment?” 
“Okay.” 
Lucille readily agreed. 
She had already guessed what he was going to ask. 
Sure enough, Master Walton took her to the end of the corridor with no one around. The first thing he 
asked was, “Who is your mentor? Was your mentor the one who taught you that water-extracting
skill?” 
“No.” Lucille maintained her stance from earlier. “I saw it in a book. I suddenly thought of it earlier, so ! 
just tried using it.” 
Master Walton obviously didn’t believe her. He asked again, “Do you know Bambo?” 
Bambo was a legendary master of acupuncture with a mysterious identity. 
That was the alias she had casually picked out for herself. noveldrama
Lucille’s expression did not change. I’ve heard of them. I admire them very much.” 
It was not that she wanted to praise herself, but that many people in the field had heard of that person. 
She couldn’t say that she didn’t know Bambo at all. It wouldn’t make sense. 
Master Walton nodded. For a moment, she couldn’t tell whether it was disappointment or regret that he 
was feeling 
“It seems that I misunderstood. It’s okay. You can go back to class,” 
Lucille turned around and left. However, before doing so, she sincerely told him, “Thank you for helping 
me out today, Master Walton.” 
###Chapter 33
“It’s no problem.” Master Walton waved his hand and left in the opposite direction. 
At his age, his only desire was to meet Bambo. If possible, he wanted to learn something from them in 
his lifetime. 
Master Walton let out a long sigh. 
However, it seemed that this wish of his would never be achieved. 
Meanwhile, Lucille did not return to the classroom at all. Instead, she left the school. 
With her ability, she was not interested in spending all her time and energy in school. 
Even though the principal hadn’t expelled her from school for the time being, she had to wait until the 
principal investigated the theft case and cleared her name. Then, she would occasionally go to class, 
which was also a way of fulfilling the original host’s wishes. 
Lucille took a taxi and left. 
As soon as she was about to go, a car stopped in front of the school gate. Samuel and Zoey got out of 
it. “Thank you for sending me to school, Samuel.” 
Zoey stepped forward and kissed Samuel on the face. Her smile was like a blooming flower as she 
whispered in his ear, “I’m waiting for you to fulfill your promise.” 
He had promised her that he would marry her openly after the engagement was canceled. 
Although he had already broken off the engagement with Lucille, he had messed up the Gilbert family’s 
grand wedding ceremony because of it. As a result, he had to put aside marrying Zoey as well. 
Samuel patted Zoey’s hair and muttered, “Don’t worry. When my grandparents have calmed down, I’ll 
tell my elders about it.” 
“Okay. I’m going in, then.” Zoey looked at him affectionately before reluctantly entering the school. On 
her way in, Zoey was in a good mood. 
The night before, she had heard Howard talking to Sebastian over the phone. Howard had given him 
full control over Lucille. 
That being the case, she didn’t have to worry about Sebastian. He would definitely get Lucille expelled 
from school right away. 
It was possible that Lucille had already been driven out of the school right then. 
Zoey picked up her pace and walked into the classroom. 
As far as she could see, Lucille was indeed not there. noveldrama
At the sight of Zoey, a girl who was close to her waved her hand and asked, “Why are you so late 
today, Zoey?” Lucille tucked a strand of her long hair behind her ear and explained, “My father was 
discharged from the hospital today, so I missed a class.” 
“I see. No wonder Mr. Jules dotes on you so much. You’re much more loyal than Lucille, his own 
daughter! But… you missed the show this morning!” the girl replied. 
“What show? Was Lucille expelled from school?” Zoey looked nervous and worried. “That won’t do. I 
have to beg the principal to spare her!” 
“Oh, that’s not it.” Helplessly, the girl said, “The principal was supposed to expel her, but Master Walton 
came to support Lucille. In the end, not only did she not get expelled, but she also got the principal to 
agree to a condition.” 
“W-What?” Lucille’s worried expression froze. She almost thought she had misheard. 
How was that possible? 
The girl continued, “The condition is that Lucille refuses to admit that she stole Jenny’s necklace two 
months ago, so the principal has to check the fingerprints on the necklace now.” 
With every sentence she heard, Zoey’s face darkened a little. 
She had only come to school a little late, yet Lucille was already able to seize the opportunity and start 
a comeback. 
If Lucille’s name was cleared, wouldn’t that mean Zoey’s efforts to suppress her, incite the whole class 
to isolate her, and watch as Lucille was forced into a bottomless abyss step by step were all for 
nothing? Zoey gritted her teeth, a hint of hatred flashing across her eyes. 
“I’m going out.” 
She hurried and left. 
After avoiding everyone she knew, Lucille came to the office. She knocked on the door and said, “I’m 
here to help Jenny retrieve her diamond necklace.” 
Of course, Lucille’s fingerprints were not on the necklace. 
However, as long as she damaged the evidence in time and made sure they couldn’t extract the 
fingerprints, Lucille’s reputation as a thief would follow her for the rest of her life. 
###Chapter 34
“Oh, you’re too late,” the teacher in the office said without looking up. “The principal asked someone to 
send the necklace to an identification center half an hour ago.” 
So fast? 
Zoey bit her lip and pitifully whined, “But the owner of the necklace really wants it back. Can’t we get it 
back?” 
“The procedure will be done in no time. Can’t you give it to her after it’s done?” The teacher frowned. 
“What’s more, when she threw it away, she said that she didn’t want it because it was dirty. She even 
accused me of being a busybody for helping her pick it up. Why does she suddenly want it back so 
desperately now?” 
“That’s not it, I was just asking…” 
Zoey bowed apologetically and then turned to leave. 
When she got to the lawn where there was no one around, the expression on Lucille’s face completely 
fell. Lucille’s fingerprints were not on that necklace. Once the test results were out, Lucille would be 
thoroughly cleared of her crime. 
That wouldn’t do. 
She had to think of another way… 
Zoey’s eyes flashed as she thought of her classmates who were still being detained. Lucille was the 
one who had caused that to happen, and they might even have to go to jail. 
Their parents probably hated Lucille to the core. 
Zoey smiled and came up with an excellent idea. 
She could incite those parents to make a scene in front of Lucille, making them cry, beg, and act 
pathetic. She would then get a few influential reporters to report on it. Then, Lucille would be in a 
difficult position, and her only choice would be to listen to Zoey’s persuasion and compromise. 
That way, everyone would be grateful to her, whether they were the innocent students or the parents of 
those students! 
Zoey’s lips curled into a grin, and she immediately took out her mobile phone to contact the parents of 
the students involved. 
“Hello, sir. I’m Lucille’s sister. My name is Zoey Johnson. I’m very sorry that my sister has sent your son 
to the police station. I’m trying to find a way to save the students, so I have something to discuss with 
you…” noveldrama
As she made the calls, Zoey’s smile grew wider and wider. 
This time, she was certain that she would succeed. 
Aside from Zoey, there was another person who was very dissatisfied with the decision that Lucille 
would not be expelled. 
It was none other than Sebastian. 
At the thought that Jenny was still suffering in the detention center, Sebastian gritted his teeth in hatred. 
He couldn’t help shouting at the butler beside him, “Didn’t I ask you to put pressure on the school? It’s 
just expelling a student. Is it that hard?” 
“Sir, we’ve received news from the school saying that Master Walton is defending that girl. On top of 
that, there is a rule in their college stating that students who pass the examination won’t be expelled, so 
the school can’t expel her with the excuse of poor grades…” 
“In that case, sue her!” Sebastian ordered. 
Angrily, he continued, “Go to the police station and file a case right now. Send this ignorant girl to 
prison in the name of theft!” 
That diamond necklace was worth hundreds of thousands of dollars, which was enough to get her 
locked up for many years. 
The butler lowered his head. “Yes, sir. I’ll get the car ready right away.” 
Lucille left the school and went straight to the new villa. 
Although the location she chose was not the best, it was better because of the quiet environment. 
Looking around, the rows of villas were grand and magnificent. 
In front of the door were a garden and a pavilion. There was an osmanthus tree in the corner of the 
courtyard that she liked. 
When Lucille entered, Madam Dahlia was tidying up the curtains. When she saw her, she hurriedly 
greeted her. “You’re here, Miss Jules!” 
“Thank you for your hard work, Madam Dahlia.” 
“Not at all. Yesterday, I invited a lot of others to help clean up the place. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have 
been able to clean such a huge place on my own.” Madam Dahlia smiled and then said, “Miss Jules,
I’ve already tidied up your room. Do you want to go and have a look?” 
“Okay. You can get back to work, Madam Dahlia. I’ll go up by myself,” Lucille responded. 
There were three floors in the villa. Lucille did not take the elevator and instead went straight up the 
stairs to the second floor. 
The bedroom on the second floor was very warm. There were white gauze curtains with a pink valance. 
There was a velvet rug under her feet and many plushies of various sizes next to the bed. There were 
all kinds of different ones, and they all looked cute and silly. 
Lucille stepped forward and picked up one of the little squirrel dolls. 
Those were Molly’s favorite. 
She wondered where Molly had gone after Lucille’s death, whether she had been scammed, or if she 
was getting bullied… 
If not for the fact that she had yet to find the traitor who had caused her death, and that her former 
subordinates couldn’t be contacted, she wouldn’t have taken the risk of asking Joseph for help. 
###Chapter 35
Right then, she hoped that Joseph would bring her good news when he replied within the week. 
Just as she was thinking about it, her phone rang. 
Lucille looked down and saw that it was a call from the police station. 
She raised an eyebrow and tapped the answer button. 
“Hello.” 
“Miss Jules, based on the information and evidence that Sebastian Zanes has provided, you are 
suspected of theft. Please come to the police station immediately,” the officer stated. 
Lucille was not surprised at all when she received the news. 
It was just as she had expected. 
She replied, “Okay. Please give me 20 minutes.” 
After hanging up the phone, Lucille went downstairs. 
Madam Dahlia was busy in the kitchen. Seeing that Lucille was about to go out, she couldn’t help 
asking, “Miss Jules, where are you going? Are you still going to have lunch at home?” 
“Yes. I’m going out for a while. I’ll be back soon.” 
Lucille walked out of the door as she spoke. She then took a cab and headed straight for the police 
station. Meanwhile, in the police station, Sebastian’s face was full of impatience. “How long has it 
been? You aren’t even taking the initiative to catch her. Are you just going to let her run away?” 
With a good temper, the officer responded, “Mr. Zanes, please wait patiently.” Time ticked by Twenty 
minutes later, Lucille walked in from outside. 
She was calm, neither servile nor arrogant. “I’m here.” 
Sebastian’s gloomy eyes immediately swept over Lucille, and the fierce look on his face twitched. “So, 
you’re the one who framed my daughter and stole her diamond necklace?” 
“Mr. Zanes, you can’t say that. If you say that without any evidence, it’s a false accusation. Your 
daughter has been arrested, and the evidence is conclusive that she did something wrong. As for you 
saying that I stole your daughter’s necklace… May I ask, do you have any proof? Lucille countered. 
She faced Sebastian’s gloomy eyes head-on as she straightened her back and gracefully retorted with 
just a few words. 
“Hmph. You sure know how to talk, you brat!” he grumbled. 
Sebastian sneered, then shot the butler behind him a look. “You want proof, don’t you? Here it is!” 
His butler immediately showed Lucille the notice and punishment from the school. Although the notice 
was from two months ago, it was clearly written in black and white, saying that Lucille had stolen 
Jenny’s private property and that it had been recorded. They also asked her to apologize to Jenny in 
front of the whole school. “How dare you say that you’ve forgotten about something so horrible?” he 
taunted. 
Forgotten? 
Of course not. 
Lucille chuckled. 
From what she remembered, it was only because of a single sentence from Zoey arrange that the 
original host was wrongly accused. No one was on her side, and no one was willing to spend time to 
find out the truth. 
Everyone had eagerly turned against her with no regard for how she felt. 
Even when she was forced to apologize, the original host insisted that she had not stolen anything. 
At the time, Jenny rolled her eyes and threw the necklace into the trash in front of everyone. She had 
also said, “It’s bad luck now that you’ve touched it. I don’t want it!” 
Although things had blown over, her reputation as a thief was a huge burden on the original host. 
Lucille asked, “Of course, I didn’t forget about it. Do you have any other evidence besides this, noveldrama
though?” They couldn’t make a report over a single notice. 
Sebastian had come prepared. Hearing that, he sneered and remarked, “There are several witnesses. 
Your classmates and teachers at that time could all prove that you stole it! Who do you want to hear 
from first? I’ll ask them to come immediately!” 
“What a coincidence. I also have evidence to prove that I didn’t touch the necklace from beginning to 
end,” she uttered. 
Lucille raised her hand and pointed to the identification center in the police station. She said slowly, 
“Two hours ago, the principal of our school personally sent the necklace to the identification center. I 
think that the fingerprint identification results must be out by now, right?” 
Fingerprint identification? 
Hearing that, everyone was stunned. 
That was right. They would find out whether she was the thief or not after checking the fingerprints. 
###Chapter 36
The officer who was in charge of making records smacked his own head, finally remembering. “Yes, it’s 
true. So, it turns out that the necklace was sent by your school! What a coincidence. That makes things 
a lot easier. I’ll ask someone to get it now.” 
Since it was nearby, the freshly refined results were soon brought over. 
In front of everyone, Lucille recorded her fingerprints and compared them to the fingerprints that were 
identified on the necklace. The result proved that there was no match at all! 
That meant that she had never touched the diamond necklace. 
Looking at the results, Sebastian was stunned. 
“That’s impossible!” 
Howard hadn’t told him that over the phone the day before. 
Lucille had a faint smile on her face. She already had a guess as to who the mastermind was, so she 
had silently sparked hatred in Howard’s heart. noveldrama
“Alas… What a pity for parents all over the world.” 
There was a double meaning to her words. 
Hearing this, Sebastian gritted his teeth and said, ‘I see. It turns out that you and your father were 
working together to put me on the spot! Impressive.” 
Lucille spread out her hands and innocently said, “You misunderstood.” 
The more she tried to deny it, the more Sebastian believed in his judgment. 
He sneered and left with a flick of his sleeve. 
Needless to say, Howard, who kept trying to curry favor with Sebastian, was at a disadvantage right 
then. Even their partnership, which was nearly settled, had gone cold. 
She had just been faking it until she made it. 
Lucille turned her head to look at the officers and said, “I’m sorry to make trouble for you, but… Can 
you give me this fingerprint identification report and the report from today? I want to prove my 
innocence to the school.” “No problem. Here you go.” 
“Thank you. 
Lucille took the two papers with both hands and put them into her bag. 
When she emerged from the police station again, she found more than a dozen middle-aged men 
standing at the door. When they saw her, they immediately rushed up and started begging her. 
“Please be merciful and let my child go, okay?” 
“My child is immature. He has just reached adulthood. You guys are classmates who spend so much 
time together. How can you bear to ruin his future and leave a stain on his life?” 
Lucille was surrounded by a group of parents. It was as if there were hundreds of bees flying around 
her ears, buzzing and giving her a headache. 
Just as she was frowning, she heard a soft and sweet voice beside her. 
“Everyone, please be quiet. Let me talk to my sister.” 
Zoey stepped forward gracefully from behind the cloud. 
After she appeared, the chattering parents immediately quieted down. All they said was, “Fine. Either 
way, you have to give us an explanation for what happened today!” 
“Don’t worry. My sister has always been reasonable. She won’t make things difficult for us.” After Zoey 
finished speaking, she looked at Lucille with a faint smile. “Right, Lucille?” 
A playful smile tugged at the corners of Lucille’s lips. 
Hmph. 
How interesting. 
She really didn’t expect that Zoey would have the ability to incite so many parents to act pathetic and 
beg Lucille to be understanding. 
If she didn’t agree, it would mean that she was not kind and reasonable enough. 
If she agreed to let those eight students go, she would gain a good reputation, and all the students and 
parents would be grateful to her. 
That was killing two birds with one stone. 
###Chapter 37
What a clever plan. 
The corner of her mouth Lucille’s mouth twitched and she sneered. “My surname is Jules, while yours 
is Johnson. We have nothing to do with each other. How dare you call yourself my sister?” 
Zoey’s eyes darkened. In disappointment, she said, “Lucille, I know you hate me, but we grew up 
together. From the day Dad adopted me, we are sisters, whether you admit it or not.” 
“It seems that you’re thick-skinned, but you have a terrible memory,” Lucille stated flatly. “I’ve severed 
my ties with your family, so stop trying to act like we’re close. You sound ridiculous.” 
“I know you’re still angry, so let’s not talk about that first. Zoey sat down and sighed, acting like a kind 
and tolerant sister as much as possible. 
Even the parents beside her shook their heads, muttering that Lucille didn’t know what was good for 
her. 
bear Zoey added, “Lucille, the people who were sent to the detention center are all our classmates. 
Even if they have done something wrong, they recognize their mistakes. Do you really want them to go 
to jail? How can you it?” 
“Hear me out. Let them go, okay? When they’re released, they will definitely thank you. We can still 
learn and improve together, just like we used to,” she added. 
Learn and improve together, she said. 
Lucille couldn’t help but laugh. 
Putting everything else aside, Zoey was certainly talented when it came to manipulating people. The 
original host would have already been nodding her head in agreement by then. 
Even the parents around them sighed. “If Lucille were half as sensible as her sister, she wouldn’t have 
caused my 
child to suffer in prison.” 
That’s not true. At the end of the day, it’s just that one of them is kind-hearted, while the other is selfish 
and narrow-headed!” One of the parents even rolled their eyes at Lucille. 
Zoey immediately piped up, “Don’t say that, everyone. My sister is very kind. She is definitely not the 
kind of person who is unreasonable, selfish, and cold-blooded!” 
It sounded like she was defending Lucille, but in reality, she was digging a deeper grave for her. 
Zoey was putting her up on a pedestal, which meant that Lucille would be selfish and cold-blooded if 
she didn’t agree to let the students go! 
Lucille’s expression didn’t even change when she heard those words. 
She opened her mouth, and her voice was relaxed and casual. In an unyielding tone, she replied, “No. I 
refuse to compromise.” 
Her words were loud and clear. 
All the parents were furious. They had already begged her for mercy, but unexpectedly, she was still 
unwilling to let go. 
“What? Do you want us to kneel down and bow to you before you are willing to compromise?” 
“We give you compensation and apologize to you, yet you still refuse. We humble ourselves and beg 
you, and you still don’t agree. Let me give you some advice. Things will be easier for you in the future if 
you stop being so stubborn. You’re so hell-bent on making an enemy out of everyone. If you ever get 
into trouble someday, everyone will hit you while you’re down!” 
Almost all the parents present criticized Lucille and attacked her together. 
Turning away so that nobody could see her face, Zoey’s lips curled into a smug smile. 
That was the result she wanted. 
Even if Lucille refused to let them go, Zoey would still gain the reputation of being kind and gracious. 
As for Lucille… she would become the target of everyone. 
Zoey quietly glanced at her mobile phone The reporters she had invited would arrive in a few minutes it 
was a good opportunity for everyone in Shein City to see how much people hated the abandoned 
daughter of the Jules family! 
Lucille had become the common enemy 
Amidst all the scolding. Lucille just listened quietly 
It was not until the parents had finished scolding her that she opened her mouth and stated, “As 
parents, I can understand why you are worried about your children. But don’t you want to know why noveldrama
they would do something so terrible to me when I have nothing against them?” 
The students involved were all grown adults. It was impossible for them not to know the consequences 
The parents anxiously asked, “What’s the reason, then?” 
“You’ll have to ask her.” 
Lucille’s cold gaze fell on Zoey’s body. Word by word, she declared, “They did it all for Zoey’s sake!” 
###Chapter 38
Lucille spoke clearly and her words were neither too fast nor too slow. 
“The drowning happened last week, on the night of my 19th birthday party. I remember it very clearly. I 
didn’t get along well with my classmates, so I didn’t invite any of them, but they all came. Who brought 
them? It was Zoey who brought them all there without my permission, Lucille began. 
“That night, Zoey was with my ex-husband. I went forward to question her, but she deliberately tripped 
on the stairs and was sent to the hospital so that she could flee the scene.” 
She continued, “After that, your children, who all of you thought were so pure and kind that they 
wouldn’t even dare to step on an ant, forced me into the water. They did it all for the sake of getting 
revenge for Zoey, and I nearly drowned to death.” 
At that point, Lucille smiled, but her eyes were filled with an evil spirit, cold and demonic. 
“I’m sure that all of you are more knowledgeable and experienced than I am. Can’t you see that all of 
this is someone making another person do their dirty work?” 
All the parents went silent. They glanced around and looked at each other. 
Zoey’s heart skipped a beat. She quickly protested, “It wasn’t me. I didn’t do that!” 
“Did I say it was you? Why are you jumping to conclusions?” Lucille questioned with a faint smile. She 
looked calm and composed. “Deep down, you know the truth.” 
Of course, if the parents were still stubborn enough to be fooled by Zoey when Lucille had already said 
so much, then it would have been a waste of her breath. 
Fortunately, these parents were not as ignorant as she imagined. 
They soon understood the meaning of her words. 
There was one thing that Lucille was not wrong about. Their children had committed a crime for the 
sake of Zoey. Why was it that their children had to bear the consequences while the person who 
instigated them in the first place got off scot-free? 
Clearly, Zoey was just making them do her dirty work. 
On top of that, Zoey claimed to be Lucille’s sister, but everyone in the city knew that she was just an 
adopted daughter of the Jules family and that she had stolen Lucille’s fiance. 
What kind of disgusting excuse of a sister was that? 
“So, after all that fuss, it turns out that you’re the real b*tch here!” One of the violent mothers couldn’t 
suppress her anger after being deceived. She raised her bag and hit Zoey on the head while yelling at 
her. “I’ll beat you to death, you shameless culprit!” 
Zoey was stunned for a moment and quickly explained, “No. Don’t believe Lucille’s words. She has bad 
intentions. I’m on the same side as you!” noveldrama
“Really? Tell me, then. Did you use our children to do your dirty work?” the woman roared. 
“No, no. I really want to help you!” Zoey’s voice was choked up. Ever since getting adopted by Howard, 
she had been protected wherever she went. She had never been in such a miserable situation. 
She really couldn’t figure out why Lucille was able to turn the tables with just a few words. All the 
parents had switched sides and turned their backs on her. 
At this moment, the reporters who she had informed arrived as well. 
The reporters heard the news and came to get in on it. Although their initial target was Lucille, as long 
as there was drama going on, it didn’t matter who their target was. They could still make a story out of 
it. Two or three cameras were aimed right at Zoey’s gorgeous face. 
Things were not over yet. The woman who had just started the fight scolded her harshly. “I didn’t 
expect you have so many tricks up your sleeve at such a young age. Even when my child is being 
tortured because of you, you still have the audacity to say that you’re a good person and that you’re 
valuable. Tsk!” 
to 
Although the other parents tried their best to stop the woman from taking action, they also had 
resentment in 
their hearts. 
When they received Zoey’s call, they all abandoned their work and ran to the entrance of the police 
station to stop Lucille. Initially, they all agreed to Zoey’s suggestion to force Lucille to agree to 
compromise. 
Thinking about it in retrospect, though, they found the idea to be horribly stupid. 
###Chapter 39
They were all so much older, but they had been fooled by a young girl. 
The parents were so angry that they bombarded Zoey. 
It was a little funny. The same scene had played out just a few minutes ago, but at that time, their target 
was Lucille. noveldrama
Zoey had pretty much just shot herself in the foot. 
It was not until the police showed up that things calmed down. 
The parents gradually quietened down and then sincerely apologized to Lucille. “I sincerely apologize 
to you on behalf of my child. I also apologize for the insulting text messages I sent. I’m sorry!” 
“Yes, that’s right. We are also willing to apologize and compensate you for it. You know that they were 
instigated by someone else, too. Miss Jules, please be generous and let my son go. I will be sure to 
teach him a lesson.” 
Lucille shook her head slowly and firmly in the face of the begging parents. 
I’m not going to forgive them, nor am I going to compromise,” she insisted. 
Even if they went through a trial, there was still a chance for them to turn over a new leaf. 
Some people were already hopeless, however. 
Hearing that, some of the parents’ hearts crumbled to ashes. They sat on the ground and cried, 
“Horrible. How horrible…” 
Others were silent for a while, and then there were some who left. The rest of them wanted to see their 
children and submit an appeal form. 
The chaos finally died down. 
However, the reporters, who were busy getting some juicy news, pushed the camera and microphone 
in front of Lucille and then raised their voices to ask questions from her perspective. 
“Don’t you think you’ve gone a little too far, Miss Jules? Those parents have painstakingly raised their 
children and devoted their efforts to nurturing them. Even if they’ve made a mistake, why can’t you be 
kind and choose to forgive them when they’ve made it clear that they’ll do better in the future?” one of 
the reporters questioned. Under the lens of the high-definition camera, Lucille slowly raised her eyes, 
and there was a flame burning in her clear pupils. 
“I don’t mind if you tell me to be kind, but for you to tell me whether or not I should forgive someone…” 
Lucille chuckled. “Sorry, but I would like you to stay away from me.” 
The reporter hadn’t expected her to dare to say that. They were left stunned on the spot, like a statue. 
Lucille strode away. While she was trying to hail a taxi, Zoey shamelessly caught up with her. “What? Is 
there anything else?” 
“Lucille, I underestimated you. You were so quiet in the past as if you were mute. You’ve become so 
eloquent after you nearly drowned that day.” Zoey sneered. “You’ve been doing a little too well at 
acting!” 
“Is that so?” Lucille’s lips curled into a smile, still looking as laidback as ever. 
She didn’t take her seriously at all. 
Zoey clenched her fists, unwilling to show weakness. “But so what? Samuel still broke off his 
engagement with you for me. Dad didn’t kick you out of the house for my sake. Charles even gave me 
all the shares under his name just to make me feel better! What about you? What do you have?” 
Lucille scratched her ears and casually replied, “I don’t care about the people you’re talking about. If 
you want all of those things, go ahead and take them. Do you really think everyone is like you? Not 
everyone treats trash as treasure.” 
Zoey choked, and then said with a proud face, “What about Samuel, then? Didn’t you love him from the 
moment you knew what love was?” 
###Chapter 40
At the mention of that, Zoey’s face was full of pride. 
Samuel was the one who could hurt Lucille the most. 
No matter how much Lucille pretended to be indifferent, she was probably deeply hurt in her heart. 
Even so, Zoey was intent on bringing it up and showing off 
“Lucille, you might not know this, but no matter where Samuel is and what he is doing, he will come to 
pick me up immediately as soon as I call him,” she boasted. 
Zoey smiled before raising her hand to show her phone screen. She was already calling Samuel. 
Sure enough… 
The call was connected three seconds later. Samuel’s gentle and doting voice came from the other end 
of the line. “Did you miss me, Zoey?” 
For once, there was change in Lucille’s expression. 
Ugh. How disgusting. 
However, in Zoey’s eyes, the change in her expression was mistaken for jealousy and envy. 
Zoey felt her heart swell with arrogance. She told Samuel, “Samuel, I was beaten up at the gate of the 
police. station. Can you come and pick me up quickly…” 
Upon hearing that, Samuel immediately answered, “I’ll be there right away!” 
Zoey hung up the phone with satisfaction. 
“How about it? You’ve probably never experienced this kind of treatment, have you?” she taunted. 
Zoey seemed to be suffering from a serious illness. She covered her mouth with her hand with an 
exaggerated Expression and then burst out laughing. “Oh, I almost forgot. Didn’t you succeed in getting 
on Mr. Joseph’s good side? Where is he? Why didn’t he ask any questions when you were summoned 
to the police station?” Just as Lucille was about to speak, she saw a familiar car parked on the road 
behind Zoey. 
Could it be… 
Lucille looked over in a daze and saw Culver opening the back door respectfully. 
The next second, a tall figure came out of the car. The man’s aura was strong, noble, and dazzling, like 
a god. It was none other than Joseph. 
Lucille was so shocked that she couldn’t come to her senses for a moment. 
Seeing that Lucille was staring right behind her, Zoey thought that Samuel was coming. She turned 
around happily and said, “Sam-” 
When she saw who it was, the expression on Zoey’s face froze subtly. 
Joseph was approaching from beneath the trees. 
A few rays of sunlight passed through the gaps between the leaves and fell on his shoulders. His 
handsome face was carved like a sculpture. His features were three-dimensional, with deep eyes, and 
there was a chilling aura between his eyebrows, which was dangerous yet charming. 
There was a flash of surprise in Zoey’s eyes. 
All the rumors said that Joseph was ruthless and unpredictable, but it could not be denied that he was 
the most amazing person in the entirety of Shein City. It wasn’t only because of his devastatingly 
handsome looks, but also his quick-witted and cold-blooded nature, which enabled him to dominate the 
world of business. The Collins family’s solid and indestructible business empire was pretty much 
singlehandedly crafted by Joseph. noveldrama
Which woman would not be tempted by such a powerful man? 
Zoey bit her lips and quickly tidied up her messy hair. Then, she flashed an impeccably sweet smile. 
She looked at Joseph and murmured, “Mr. Joseph…” 
Her voice was soft to the bone. 
Joseph’s footsteps paused. 
He stopped and turned his head to look at Zoey. 
Her heart began beating faster. While she was looking back at him shyly, she saw that Joseph had a 
faint smile on his face. 
Without any mercy, he gently stated, “Sorry, but I have mysophobia.” 
Essentially, he was calling her dirty. 
In an instant, Zoey stiffened on the spot, and the blush on her face faded away. She was extremely 
embarrassed. 
###Chapter 41
Lucille’s lips curled into a smile. 
She didn’t expect that his sharp tongue could be even more dangerous than her own. 
When she looked up again, she saw that Joseph was already in front of her. He reached out to her and 
said, “Let’s go home.” 
Lucille hesitated for two seconds. She knew that he was trying to help her out, so she placed her hand 
in his palm. 
“Okay.” 
The two left hand in hand. 
However, after taking just a few steps, she heard Zoey’s voice from behind. “Lucille, Samuel is going to 
be here soon. You still can’t let go of him, right? Tell that to his face, then! After all… he is someone you 
have loved for so many years.” 
Clearly, she was trying to indirectly tell Joseph that there was someone in Lucille’s heart and that he 
would be making a fool of himself if he married her. 
Joseph raised his eyebrows. Just as he was about to speak, Lucille suddenly laughed. Without looking 
back, she replied, “Zoey, I really hope you and Samuel stay together for a hundred years.” 
She truly meant it. 
They were such a good match for each other, after all. Even their narcissism and self-confidence were 
exactly 
the same! 
They had better stick together forever instead of separating and hurting others. 
After that, Lucille and Joseph got into the car. Culver closed the door and drove away. 
Zoey stood where she was. Her face, which had always maintained a well-behaved and pure 
expression, twisted due to anger. Even her eyes were full of great hatred. noveldrama
Then, she turned around without hesitation and happened to see the reporter who had just interviewed 
Lucille emerging with a camera. 
Zoey stepped forward. She grabbed the reporter’s arm, and ordered, “Delete all of the footage that 
you’ve just taken of me!” 
Those reporters happened to come just as she was being beaten by that woman. If a video like that got 
out, it would be horrible for her image and reputation. 
The reporter spread out his hands. “No can do.” 
“I’ll give you money. Two hundred thousand dollars,” she offered. 
“That’s too little, Miss Johnson. There are so many of us.” 
“Five hundred thousand!” Lucille gritted her teeth. “That’s my limit. If you won’t take it, then don’t even 
think about earning a single cent!” 
The reporter and the photographer behind him looked at each other and finally agreed. “Deal.” 
Then, they deleted all of the footage of Zoey right in front of her. 
Only then did she feel a little more satisfied. With a glint in her eyes, she pointed at the section of the 
footage where the reporters had interviewed Lucille and said, “I’ll add another hundred thousand for 
you to publish this section and stir up some drama! I’m sure I don’t need to tell you what to do or say, 
do I?” 
What she needed to do was turn the public against Lucille. 
Becoming a public enemy was the only thing worse than being criticized. 
The reporter instantly understood and was a little surprised at the same time. He didn’t expect the 
seemingly innocent and lovely adopted daughter of the Jules family to have such a cruel nature… 
Naturally, money was power. He immediately agreed. “Deal!” 
Lucille gave him the money in a straightforward manner. After the reporters left, Samuel finally arrived. 
“Are you okay, Zoey?” he asked. 
He looked Zoey up and down before finally relaxing. 
Lucille shook her head, but her eyes gradually turned red. “Samuel…” 
She threw herself into Samuel’s arms and told him what had just happened at the gate of the police 
station. She did not mention that she was the one who had called those parents and instead kept 
pushing the blame onto Lucille 
“I-I just want to help my classmates. I didn’t want Lucille to be criticized by others, so I tried to give her 
some advice. I didn’t expect that she would pin the blame directly onto me and even let the angry 
parents hurt me…. Sob! It hurts, Samuel.” 
She rolled up her sleeves. There was a scratch on her arm and a bruise. 
Samuel was furious, and his face went dark. 
“No. I can’t let you suffer like this. Let’s go and get even with her now!” he declared. 
###Chapter 42
“No.” Zoey cried and shook her head. “Brother Samuel, it’s all my fault. It has nothing to do with Lucille. 
Not to mention, the situation got a bit out of hand today. There were even reporters here.” 
“Isn’t that even better?” Samuel asked. 
With hatred in his tone, he continued, “It’s time for more people to know how horrible Lucille really is! 
When the reporters release the news, I’ll hire people to add fuel to the fire. I’ll avenge you!” 
He successfully comforted Zoey and made her amused. She blinked her innocent eyes and said, 
“Okay. You’re the best, Samuel. However, you have to promise me that you can’t make any more 
trouble for Lucille.” 
“Got it.” Samuel shook his head and sighed. With a doting look on his face, he said, “You’re too kind. 
That’s why you keep getting bullied by her.” 
“No matter what, we’re still sisters in the end. Even though we’re not related by blood, I see Lucille as 
my younger sister. So, as her elder sister, I have to be more tolerant of her,” Zoey replied. 
She lowered her eyes, and her expression was full of innocence. 
However, triumph flashed across her face where Samuel couldn’t see. 
Once the interview video was released, Lucille would definitely get bashed by everyone. 
She wanted to see how Lucille would be able to turn things around this time. 
Lucille was still in Joseph’s car when the reporters, who had received the money, edited the video and 
came up with a title. 
She asked, “Do you have any updates on the search?” 
Culver, who was driving in the front row, immediately answered, “We have already gone through all the 
people who don’t have identification cards in the cities that you listed. We are currently checking them 
one by one to see if there is a girl named Molly among them. It is estimated that it will take a few 
days.” 
Lucille nodded. “Thank you for your hard work.” 
Quickly, he said, “You’re too kind. This is just our responsibility.” 
She looked down and didn’t say anything else. 
Suddenly, she heard Joseph say, “Are you free tomorrow? Grandma wants to see you.” 
Grandma? Madam Collins? 
Lucille was stunned for a moment. Before she could respond, she saw a faint grin on Joseph’s face. 
Slowly, he added, “Grandma said that she wanted to ask you what kind of wedding you would like in 
person.” 
However, that wasn’t all. Madam Collins was so happy over getting a granddaughter-in-law overnight noveldrama
that she hadn’t gotten any sleep. She also gathered the whole family to discuss what name they would 
choose for their future children. 
She was already thinking so far ahead in the future. 
Lucille was speechless. 
She thought for a moment and responded, “Okay. What time tomorrow?” 
“I’ll pick you up at ten o’clock in the morning,” he stated. 
“No problem.” 
Lucille readily agreed. 
Not long after, the car stopped in front of the new villa that she had bought. 
The two of them got out of the car one after the other. 
Lucille uttered, “Thank you for sending me back. Goodbye.” 
She did not intend to invite him in. After all, the relationship between her and Joseph was only part of a 
deal. Putting on an act in front of others was to be expected, but there was no need for them to 
interfere in each 
other’s lives. 
Joseph raised his eyebrows. Before he could even complain about how she was drawing such a clear 
line between them, he saw that the door of the villa was suddenly opened. Madam Dahlia was stunned 
when she saw him. Then, she offered him a warm invitation. 
“Mr. Joseph? Oh, you’re here, Mr. Joseph. Please come in. I’ve made some food!” 
A smile blossomed on Madam Dahlia’s face like a flower. 
Joseph smiled. He walked past Lucille, into the villa. He also politely added, “How can I decline such a 
kind offer? In that case, I’ll have to trouble you all.” 
Lucille didn’t know what to say. 
Culver, who was standing behind him, wanted to slap himself, but he quickly followed after them for 
fear that he would be locked outside the door by Lucille. 
Lucille shook her head helplessly and walked into the villa. 
###Chapter 43
Madam Dahlia was overjoyed. She was practically skipping out of the kitchen as she served the dishes, 
which showed how excited she was. 
When all the food was served, Madam Dahlia prepared cutlery for Joseph and Lucille. Once everything 
was ready, she stepped aside and looked at the two of them with a motherly smile on her face. 
Lucille picked up her fork. 
She was the host. Since there was a guest, she politely said, “Please enjoy your meal, Mr. Joseph.” 
Joseph raised an eyebrow. There was a hint of amusement in his deep and pleasant voice. “You don’t 
have to be so formal with me.” 
Meanwhile, a smile bloomed on Madam Dahlia’s face once again. 
The more she observed them, the more she felt that they were a perfect match. 
The day before, she had seen the news from Shein City saying that Joseph had signed a marriage 
contract with Lucille in public. She was worried that Joseph would be as moody and cruel as the 
rumors said. 
She hadn’t expected that he would be so polite and respectful. 
He had a formidable family background, not to mention that he was well-qualified. He was much better noveldrama
than Samuel. 
Madam Dahlia covered her mouth and chuckled before quietly leaving the dining room. 
She did not forget to drag Culver away while leaving. 
Culver was utterly stunned. 
Lucille and Joseph were the only ones left in the dining room. 
The two ate at almost the same speed. They were both slow, elegant, and calm. During the meal, the 
only thing. that could be heard was the sound of their cutlery colliding with the plates. 
After eating. Lucille wiped her mouth and casually questioned, “Since I’m going to see Madam Collins. 
tomorrow, what should I prepare? I can’t just go empty-handed.” 
A hint of amusement flashed across Joseph’s eyes as he glanced at her. “There’s no need. I’ll prepare 
everything.” 
“Oh.” 
Lucille did not say anything else. She put down her napkin and was about to get up when she heard 
the sound of a chair scraping against the ground from across her. The two of them stood up at the 
same time. 
They were infuriatingly in sync. 
Madam Dahlia, who was secretly watching them from the door, was so excited that she went silent. 
However, she was afraid of being noticed, so she could only withdraw her head sneakily. 
Lucille checked the time on her phone and asked, “Aren’t you busy, Mr. Joseph?” 
“I’ve got a lot of free time,” he replied. 
“I see.” Lucille nodded seriously and was about to leave the dining room. Despite that, as soon as she 
turned around, Joseph gently grabbed her wrist. 
Before she could react, she felt a touch of warmth on her cheek that was left by his fingertips. 
She frowned and was about to speak when she saw that a strand of cloth from the napkin she had 
used earlier was pinched between Joseph’s fingers. 
Lucille was at a loss for words. 
He was such a shameless man. 
Joseph gave a light chuckle. It seemed that he was in a good mood. “I’ll pick you up tomorrow.” 
After that, he left the dining room. When he saw Madam Dahlia outside, he complimented her for her 
good cooking skills. 
d not leave the dining room until Joseph’s car had gone far away. 
on the sofa in the living room and randomly pressed the remote control. 
ision immediately lit up. 
Dahlia came back inside. With a condemning tone, she nagged, “Mr. Joseph is your fiance, Miss Jules. 
i’t you go out and see him off?” 
act, Lucille replied nonchalantly. 
adam Dahlia didn’t hear her clearly. She took two more steps forward and asked, “Miss Jules, what jst 
say?” 
retched, then gave some instructions. “Madam Dahlia, please prepare another bedroom right next to 
ike it all pink. Buy some squirrel plushies, pillows, bags, and cups. Oh, right. Get some watermelon- 
lollipops, too.” 
ere the things Molly liked the most. If Joseph’s subordinates were efficient enough, Molly’s outs would 
likely be found within the next two days. 
Dod.” Madam Dahlia did not ask anything this time and simply answered, “I’ll prepare all of that in the 
n.” 
ucille nodded and got up from the sofa. Just as she was about to go upstairs to rest for a while, she 
heard her own voice coming from the TV. 
r saying, “I’m not going to forgive them, nor am I going to compromise.” 
irned to look and saw that it was Shein City’s news program. It was footage of her being interviewed 
ers at the gate of the police station that morning. 
vith a high-definition camera, the reporter asked her some questions. 
think you’ve gone a little too far, Miss Jules? Those parents have painstakingly raised their children 
evoted their efforts to nurturing them. Even if they’ve made a mistake, why can’t you be kind and 
choose give them when they’ve made it clear that they’ll do better in the future?” 
iply was, “I don’t mind if you tell me to be kind, but for you to tell me whether or not I should forgive 
one… Sorry, but I would like you to stay away from me.” 
she finished speaking, the footage froze. At the same time, a striking banner with large words app 
screen. 
anner read: “The disowned daughter of the Jules family carelessly shows her selfish, cold person than 
a minute after the real-time news was aired, a barrage of comments began to appear on the fter 
another. Looking around, almost all of them agreed with what the news had said…. 
ead: “Wow, I thought Miss Jules just had a bit of a temper. I didn’t expect her to have such a bad attit 
are her classmates, who she’s spent so much time with. Their parents practically knelt on the ground 
egged her, but she was still so indifferent. Is she even human?” 
ter said: “She should really learn when to let things go.” 
one else wrote: “If it were me, I definitely wouldn’t be able to be so ruthless. People aren’t perfect. one 
makes mistakes, and they can learn from their mistakes. You have to at least give them a chance to 
tter. 
ther commented: “How scary. I’m grateful that my classmates are nice to me…” 
there were dozens to hundreds of them, densely covering the entire screen. Without exception, all of 
were insulting Lucille. 
m Dahlia was so angry when she saw it that she trembled all over. “Miss Jules, you’re clearly the victim 
How can people who don’t know the whole story say all of that?!” 
ras about to rush to the comment section and fight with those netizens. 
###Chapter 44
Lucille did not leave the dining room until Joseph’s car had gone far away. 
She sat on the sofa in the living room and randomly pressed the remote control. 
The television immediately lit up. 
Madam Dahlia came back inside. With a condemning tone, she nagged, “Mr. Joseph is your fiance, 
Miss Jules. Why didn’t you go out and see him off?” 
“It’s all an act, Lucille replied nonchalantly. 
“Huh?” Madam Dahlia didn’t hear her clearly. She took two more steps forward and asked, “Miss Jules, 
what did you just say?” 
“Nothing.” 
Lucille stretched, then gave some instructions. “Madam Dahlia, please prepare another bedroom right 
next to mine. Make it all pink. Buy some squirrel plushies, pillows, bags, and cups. Oh, right. Get some 
watermelon- flavored lollipops, too.” 
Those were the things Molly liked the most. If Joseph’s subordinates were efficient enough, Molly’s 
whereabouts would likely be found within the next two days. 
“Understood.” Madam Dahlia did not ask anything this time and simply answered, “I’ll prepare all of that 
in the afternoon.” 
“Okay.” Lucille nodded and got up from the sofa. Just as she was about to go upstairs to rest for a 
while, she suddenly heard her own voice coming from the TV. 
It was her saying, “I’m not going to forgive them, nor am I going to compromise.” 
Lucille turned to look and saw that it was Shein City’s news program. It was footage of her being 
interviewed by reporters at the gate of the police station that morning. 
Filming with a high-definition camera, the reporter asked her some questions. 
“Don’t you think you’ve gone a little too far, Miss Jules? Those parents have painstakingly raised their 
children and devoted their efforts to nurturing them. Even if they’ve made a mistake, why can’t you be 
kind and choose to forgive them when they’ve made it clear that they’ll do better in the future?” 
Her reply was, “I don’t mind if you tell me to be kind, but for you to tell me whether or not I should 
forgive someone… Sorry, but I would like you to stay away from me.” 
After she finished speaking, the footage froze. At the same time, a striking banner with large words 
appeared on the screen. 
The banner read: “The disowned daughter of the Jules family carelessly shows her selfish, cold 
personality!” 
Less than a minute after the real-time news was aired, a barrage of comments began to appear on the 
screen one after another. Looking around, almost all of them agreed with what the news had said…. 
One read: “Wow, I thought Miss Jules just had a bit of a temper. I didn’t expect her to have such a bad 
attitude. Those are her classmates, who she’s spent so much time with. Their parents practically knelt 
on the ground and begged her, but she was still so indifferent. Is she even human?” 
Another said: “She should really learn when to let things go.” 
Someone else wrote: “If it were me, I definitely wouldn’t be able to be so ruthless. People aren’t perfect. 
Everyone makes mistakes, and they can learn from their mistakes. You have to at least give them a
chance to -do better.” 
One other commented: “How scary. I’m grateful that my classmates are nice to me…” 
Soon, there were dozens to hundreds of them, densely covering the entire screen. Without exception, 
all of them were insulting Lucille. 
Madam Dahlia was so angry when she saw it that she trembled all over. “Miss Jules, you’re clearly the 
victim here. How can people who don’t know the whole story say all of that?!” 
She was about to rush to the comment section and fight with those netizens. 
It was so frustrating! 
Even after being attacked like that, not only was Lucille not annoyed, but she even turned her head to 
comfort Madam Dahlia, who was yelling at the television. She smiled and muttered, “Madarn Dahlia, it’s 
okay. Just let them do what they want.” noveldrama
They could scold her if they wanted. They could be harsh to their heart’s content. 
However, they had to keep in mind that what goes around comes around. 
Lucille patted Madam Dahlia on the shoulder. She grinned and then turned to go upstairs. 
Madam Dahlia was left stunned on the spot, and she even stopped breathing for a moment. 
The smile Lucille had just made was a little too powerful. Most of the time, her smiles were very faint, 
like a misty fog that could not be grasped. 
Earlier, however, she smiled so hard that even her eyes were curved into crescents. At that moment, 
she was like a flame in winter, and like all the stars in the night… She was absolutely glowing. 
Madam Dahlia rubbed her eyes and finally came to her senses after a long while. 
Meanwhile, in the bedroom on the second floor… 
Lucille took out her laptop and browsed through the trending news online. 
Sure enough, the most popular news was about what she had done. The fact that there were so many 
comments was fishy. 
Lucille tapped the keyboard lightly and hacked the other party’s system to investigate. Looking at what 
she had found, she was shocked. 
###Chapter 45
It was mind blowing. Out of the 30,000 comments, around 25,000 of them were newly registered 
accounts as well as hate bots. 
Who had orchestrated all of this? 
She didn’t even have to think about it. It was either Zoey or Samuel. 
Lucille closed the web page. 
Truthfully speaking, with her hacking skills, it was a piece of cake for her to delete those insulting 
comments. Even so, she didn’t do anything. Once her reputation improved so much that even those 
hate bots couldn’t influence it, that was when karma would strike. 
Lucille raised an eyebrow. She was about to close the laptop when her hand paused. 
She thought of a good friend whom she had not contacted for many years. 
Lucille opened up another page and quickly accessed a bunch of websites. After she pressed the enter 
button, a black prompt popped up on the page. 
That was the largest mercenary base in the world. It was a black market where all kinds of big shots 
gathered. 
Lucille entered her username and password. 
The general public only knew that after several years of fighting, the eldest daughter of the Jules family 
in Dilsburg had inherited her father’s business and become the top dog, as well as the undefeated God
of War. However, no one knew that she had another identity on top of that. She was the top mercenary 
on the legendary rankings of the black market that no one could surpass. 
With a ding, she successfully logged in, and she began to receive incessant notifications. At a glance, 
there were at least a thousand messages. 
Lucille ignored them all. 
Just as she was about to take a look at her friend list, she received a voice call. 
Lucille grinned. Speak of the devil. 
“Benjamin, long time no see,” she greeted. 
“Ah! You’re finally back, Lucille. I’ve been waiting for you for two years, you know? You have no 
conscience. You just disappeared from the world without a word. I was so worried about you. You’re so 
heartless!” Benjamin, who was on the other end of the line, was so angry that she jumped up and down 
and complained. The corners of Lucille’s lips curled into a smile. 
“You must have lost a lot of money without a cash cow like me around, huh?” she teased. 
Over the past few years, she had taken on nearly a hundred dangerous missions that the other 
mercenaries did not want to take. Each time, she worked with Benjamin. She was responsible for 
completing them, while he was responsible for invading the target’s systems by hacking and watching 
her back. 
After she left the black market and stopped accepting tasks, they lost contact. 
Benjamin scratched his nose and asked, ‘Lucille, where have you been in the past two years?” 
Apart from knowing her name, he didn’t know anything else. 
They had never met before. 
-Lucille did not answer the question. She merely replied, “I’m going offline. See 
you later.” 
“Wait, wait, wait!” Benjamin hurriedly blurted. “Since you have come back, I need to tell you that there’s 
a new task with a high commission. The previous mercenaries failed four times in a row, and now the 
commission has increased to 50 million! Lucille, we-” 
“No.” 
Lucille refused with no room for argument. 
The high pay meant high risk. That kind of life was not a problem for her in the past, but right then… 
Looking at her slender and tender hands, Lucille sighed helplessly. 
Her body was too weak. If she return to her peak form, she had to train more. noveldrama
Benjamin also sighed. He knew that she was stubborn, so he didn’t try to persuade her. He simply said, 
“Give me your contact information, or I won’t be able to find you again.” 
This time, Lucille did not hesitate and simply told him her phone number. 
As soon as he said that, Benjamin made a sound of surprise. 
Obviously, he had found out her information through her phone number, so he was surprised and 
looked at it while acting nosey. “So, your full name is Lucille Jules? You were kicked out of your house 
two days ago, and your engagement was canceled. Now, you’re being flamed on the Internet. 
Lucille was silent. 
She had no expression on her face. “Mute yourself.” 
###Chapter 46
Actually, before she gave him her number, she already knew that he would be nosey about her 
background. 
However, it didn’t matter. 
Anyway, all he could find was information about the daughter of the Jules family with a bad reputation 
in. Shein City, not the God of War in her body who bore the crime of being a rebel. 
After Lucille finished speaking, she ended the call and quickly logged off. 
Even so, the news that the top mercenary on the black market’s legendary rankings had reappeared 
two years after their disappearance still caused a worldwide sensation. 
Meanwhile, in the Collins family’s house…. 
Culver was the first to receive the news. Unable to contain his excitement, he rushed into Joseph’s 
study. 
“Mr. Joseph, we’ve just received news that the person you’re looking for appeared two minutes ago!” 
he reported. 
“Have you found their location yet?” Joseph looked up at him. 
“All we found is that they’re in Shein City. As for the exact location… we couldn’t determine it. After they 
went offline, they immediately blocked their signal. Our hacker couldn’t break through their defenses at 
all, Culver answered. 
As he spoke, his voice became lower and lower. “And… our people ended up getting tracked.” 
Upon saying that, he felt a little depressed. Who would have thought that they were such a powerful 
hacker? Joseph seemed to have expected Culver to say that. He smirked and casually stated, “If you 
were able to find them so easily, they wouldn’t be worthy of their title as the top mercenary.” 
The person he was looking for was the top mercenary on the black market’s legendary rankings. Their 
name was Lone Shadow, and their status was unshakeable. 
Lone Shadow had completed no less than hundreds of missions and didn’t fail a single one of them. As 
at result, even though they had disappeared for two years, there were still myths about them in the 
black market. Like a shadow at night, they came and went without a trace. No one had ever seen them, 
nor did anyone know their gender. People could only make a guess based on their username. 
“But they haven’t shown up for more than two years, Mr. Joseph. I don’t know how long it’ll take until 
they come. online again. Do you want me to get someone to check it out?” Culver offered. I’m sure we 
can find some clues through a comprehensive search, right?” 
Joseph had a faint smile on his face as he asked, “Would you be able to recognize them even if they 
were. standing right in front of you?” 
That was true. 
Culver lowered his head and didn’t dare to speak again. 
“Don’t worry. Since they’re in Shein City this time, it means that they won’t leave so quickly. Get 
someone to keep an eye on him. Also…” Joseph knocked on the table. “Have you bought the villa?” 
“Yes.” 
Culver truthfully informed, “There’s one more thing, Mr. Joseph. It’s about Lu- It’s about Miss Jules’ 
reputation. It seems that someone hired people to insult her online. Do you want me to contact the
media and get that report deleted immediately?” 
Hearing that, Joseph picked up his phone and looked through it. He found that Culver was already 
sugarcoating it by saying that they were just “insults”. The real comments contained words so filthy that 
he couldn’t bear to look at them. 
There was a murderous look in his eyes. 
“What is she doing about it?” he asked. 
“She hasn’t done anything for the time being. I don’t think she’s going to clarify herself,” Culver replied. 
That was totally Lucille’s style 
Joseph responded, “Then let’s wait a little longer” 
“Understood Then, Culver respectfully left 
At the same time, Lucille was on the second floor of the Jules Residence 
Lucille looked at the system that had been used to track her down and hacked it to investigate. She 
was surprised to find out that the person who had tried to obtain her address was someone working for 
Joseph. 
Why was he looking for Lone Shadow? 
Lucille lowered her gaze. 
Aside from Joseph’s subordinates, there seemed to be two other forces in the city trying to determine 
her location. However, no matter how hard they tried, they could not break through her technological
defenses. One of the two forces was well hidden, and she could not discover their identity. 
The other one turned out to be Samuel. 
She had no idea why he was looking for Lone Shadow as well. 
Lucille looked through it again and found that Samuel had issued an offer on the black market two noveldrama
months ago, stating that anyone who could provide him with the whereabouts of Lone Shadow would 
receive a reward of two million dollars. 
###Chapter 47
Whatever. He would never find out who Lonely Shadow was for the rest of his life. 
Lucille turned off her computer. She grabbed a pillow by the bed and laid down comfortably. 
While she was enjoying her afternoon nap, two storms ripped through Shein City. 
One of the storms was related to the appearance of Lone Shadow. Many different factions wanted to 
find out their whereabouts, but after getting a glimpse of hope, they still returned empty-handed. 
The other was the negative news about Lucille. 
Because of the fact that she had refused to forgive the students or compromise, she was seen in a bad 
light. 
The incident continued to brew. Although the people who slandered her were all bots, many of those 
who didn’t know the true story jumped on the bandwagon as well. They simply sided against Lucille just 
because they saw other people doing it. 
They would comment things like: “How can there be such a horrible woman? Apparently, she stole 
something before, and her reputation was already ruined. No wonder even her own father wanted to 
cut her off. She deserves it!” 
Someone said: “Get this b*tch out of Shein City!” 
Another added: “Forgiveness is a virtue. Being vengeful is what you should be ashamed of. Miss Jules, 
please step up and apologize publicly for your inappropriate behavior!” 
Looking at the overwhelming comments about Lucille on the Internet, Zoey was full of satisfaction. 
This was exactly what she wanted. 
It seemed that the money she had spent on the reporters was not in vain, and the 200,000 bots that 
Samuel had hired for her were all worth it as well. 
I was all Lucille’s own fault. 
w 
She was the one who refused to change her mind in the face of reporters. It was amazing. Because of 
that one sentence, she had become the public’s punching bag, and everyone was after her. 
Tsk, tsk. What a poor girl! 
The public opinion continued to brew throughout the evening. 
Surprisingly, Lucille herself was the least affected. 
After taking a nap, she began to exercise. It was not until dinnertime that she took a shower and 
changed her clothes before going to the dining room. 
Madam Dahlia kept looking down at her mobile phone absent-mindedly because of the hate being 
directed toward Lucille. 
Lucille sat down and took a bite of food before quietly putting down her cutlery. 
It was way too salty…. 
She poured herself a glass of water and almost choked on it. 
Hearing her cough, Madam Dahlia looked up from the phone screen and asked, “What’s wrong, Miss 
Jules?” “I’m fine. What are you doing, Madam Dahlia?” Lucille asked. 
She leaned over to take a look and saw that Madam Dahlia was fighting back against the bots. 
However, since she was too old to use the keyboard to type, she had to use the handwriting feature to 
write out her replies. The speed was very slow, and as soon as the response was sent out, it was 
drowned again by more noveldrama
curses. 
Even so, Madam Dahlia never gave up and continued to keep a serious attitude as she explained 
Lucille’s circumstances, 
Lucille was slightly taken aback. A warm feeling welled up in her heart. 
Even when there were people slandering her, there were others protecting her in their own way. 
The more Madam Dahlia thought about it, the more depressed she felt.. 
“Miss Jules, why are some people so willfully ignorant? It was those eight students who tried to drown 
you and sent you to the emergency room in the first place. However, even though these people 
happened and are aware that those students almost killed you, they still keep trying to see things from 
the students’ perspective and speak up for them!” she ranted. 
She added, “Why are they like this? They’re lucky that you ended up fine. If something actually 
happened, then their apology would be useless.” 
As Madam Dahlia spoke, the more excited she became. Obviously, she was furious. 
Lucille comforted her. “Not everyone is born equal in this world. Just wait and see, Madam Dahlia. 
Someone will definitely stand up and speak up for me.” 
She still held the same opinion. What comes around goes around. When things hit a tipping point, the 
tables would turn. 
Not to mention, when she found out who was behind it earlier that day, she had seen people speaking 
up for her. 
However, those voices were all suppressed by the overwhelming number of bots and soon drowned 
out. 
By then… it was almost time. 
###Chapter 48
It was eight o’clock at night. 
A few rational netizens went through the details of the incident in detail and even posted a video of 
Lucille drowning in the water. They wrote: “Look at all of you spewing curses without even knowing 
what happened. Why can’t you spare two minutes of your time to see the full story?” 
There was nothing more convincing than direct evidence. 
In the video, a group of young men and women were giggling and laughing. 
They seemed to have some kind of tacit understanding as they whispered together. In the end, as if 
they had reached an agreement, one of the girls suddenly reached out and pushed Lucille, who was in 
the video, into the river. 
Plop! 
It created a huge splash. 
That was not the end of it. After Lucille fell in, the eight young men and women were still grinning. 
Every time. Lucille emerged from the water, one of them stretched out a hand and pressed her head 
back into the water. She gurgled, causing the water’s surface to bubble. 
Each time she struggled, she would be pushed back in. 
This went on dozens of times. 
Until the last time, Lucille was shoved into the water and there was no movement on the surface of the 
water for a long time. 
Because she no longer had the strength to struggle. 
The video stopped abruptly, and then a line of red words appeared. 
The words said: “If it were you, would you choose to be generous and forgive them for hurting you and 
nearly killing you?” 
Other than the bots who were deliberately smearing Lucille’s name for the sake of money, the rest of noveldrama
the upstanding netizens all had their fists clenched after watching the video. 
Someone else posted: I want to curse, but I don’t know if I should or not. Either way, you can’t tell 
people whether they should forgive someone or not. That’s a sin.” 
Another said: “I feel so angry on her behalf. I seriously think I’m going to suffocate. Ugh!” 
One more added: “Does that reporter think they’re the Virgin Mary or something? How can he ask such 
a question? I hope that when he encounters the same situation in the future, other people will tell him 
to forg and forgive, too!” 
One person chimed in: “As a person who has been hurt before, I would never forgive the person who 
once hur me! If I really told him that I had forgiven him, then he wouldn’t feel guilty at all. What about 
me? Why should I pay for other people’s mistakes?” 
Another stated: “It’s those people who preach about forgiving others that truly disgust me. How are 
there still people who say that forgiveness is a virtue? F*cking idiots!” 
It was only about two hours, and the comment section had completely switched sides. 
The netizens who strongly supported Lucille’s refusal to reconcile or forgive seemed to have gone mad. 
With their combined strength, they managed to defeat the huge wave of bots one after the other. 
When the negative news initially broke out all of a sudden, most of the other netizens and people 
uninvolved did not say much about it. 
It wasn’t until more and more people insulted Lucille that they couldn’t hold back their curiosity and 
went in to have a look. Then, they lost it. 
Particularly, after watching the video of Lucille drowning in the water, the upright netizens went to see 
the question the reporter asked when interviewing Lucille. 
“Don’t you think you’ve gone a little too far, Miss Jules? Those parents have painstakingly raised their 
children and devoted their efforts to nurturing them. Even if they’ve made a mistake, why can’t you be 
kind and choose to forgive them when they’ve made it clear that they’ll do better in the future?” 
Tsk! 
A netizen commented: “Hilarious. Who does this reporter think he is?” 
One other wrote: “I don’t understand what the people who told her to forgive them are thinking. Why 
does she have to be considerate of the people who tried to kill her? If it was over something small, then 
so be it, but this is attempted murder!” 
One person replied to that comment, saying: “If it were me, I wouldn’t have compromised even if it was 
a small issue. I would endure for a while and keep calm. The more I think about it, I would only suffer if 
I were to submit. As long as I can properly protect my rights, then it’s not wrong. It’s not wrong at all.” 
After the public’s opinion complete turnaround, the bots kept trying to fight back, but they couldn’t even 
leave a dent. 
In other words, the netizens weren’t taking sides. Instead, they could empathize with the victim who 
had been wronged and hurt. 
After all, they knew how to put themselves in Lucille’s shoes, so they knew how she must have felt. 
The bots retreated one by one. Coincidentally, the time that Samuel had paid for them to work was up. 
When the time came, all 200,000 of them disappeared. 
###Chapter 49
After they left, the comments were all siding with Lucille. 
One comment read. “I support Lucille! If I’m wrong, then so be it. We’re all adults, and we have to take 
responsibility for our actions.” 
Another stated: “Although I understand those parents’ love for their children, please think about it from 
another perspective. The person your precious children hurt is someone else’s beloved child as well.” 
One more added: ‘Just saying, even with such a high-definition camera filming her, I can’t see any 
flaws on her face no matter how close I look. She’s so pretty that I might get a nosebleed.” 
There was a reply to it that said: “I’ll pay you 50 cents to delete that comment so I can post it instead.” 
Someone else typed: “You guys are wrong. Not only is she pretty, but even the way she talks is so cool, 
too. Argh! I love her!” 
The topic of conversation in the comment section seemed to have diverged. 
There were even people who saved screenshots of Lucille’s interview and began making ridiculous 
claims. One person declared: ‘I hereby announce that she’s my future wife!” 
A netizen replied: “You’re shameless for that! If not for the fact that she was right next to me, I would 
have believed your nonsense.” 
Another said: “Now that things have come to this, I’ll have to reveal the truth. She said that she only noveldrama
likes me!” They were getting increasingly off-topic, but they seemed to be having a lot of fun. 
It was silly, but cute. 
When Madam Dahlia saw these comments, her face was full of disbelief. “They were scolding you so 
fiercely in the afternoon, but now…” 
But now, they seemed to have warmed up to her completely. 
It made Madam Dahlia’s eyes well up with tears. 
She had felt depressed for the whole day. She wiped her tears away and said with a smile in her 
bloodshot eyes, “Ah. It seems that dust keeps getting into my eyes now that I’m older.” 
Lucille grinned. 
Based on how public opinion had changed, things seemed to be going smoothly for her. 
However… Jenny, the daughter of the Zanes family, was still locked up. That morning, Sebastian 
suffered a loss at Lucille’s hands. 
Nobody knew what would happen in the future. 
Despite that, there was one thing that was certain. The Zanes family certainly wouldn’t give up so 
easily. 
Lucille yawned. After saying good night to Madam Dahlia, she went upstairs to sleep. 
The next morning, she would need to make a trip to the Collins family as Joseph’s fiancee. 
The Collins family was a big family with a booming business. They were a well-known family in the 
heart of Shein City. They were incredibly wealthy and had great power. Not only were all the family 
members influential figures, but even Madam Collins used to be someone legendary when she was 
young. 
She didn’t know what would happen once they met each other tomorrow. 
-Lucille rubbed the space between her eyebrows and fell asleep. 
The next morning…. 
Lucille opened her eyes right on time at half-past five. 
Then, she went to the backyard of the villa to train. 
She ran, lifted weights, and practiced close combat, as well as the ancient martial arts passed down 
from generation to generation in the Jules family from Dilsburg. 
If she wanted to clowly regain her former life, the cool hot lack off for even a moment 
She didn’t ette ontil pset highe 
Lucille parted lightly and went back to her room to take a shower and get changed 
Since the was going to see the elders of the Colline family the picked a rather cute draina 
###Chapter 50
Joseph had said that he would pick her up at ten o’clock in the morning. 
At nine-fifty-five, the sound of a car’s engine could be heard from outside the Jules Residence. Madam 
Dahlia happily welcomed Joseph and said, “Please sit down, Mr. Joseph. Miss Jules will be right 
there!” 
“There’s no rush,” he reassured. 
Joseph sat lazily on the sofa, looking very patient. 
A few minutes later, there were light footsteps on the stairs. 
Joseph raised his eyes lazily. Then, he paused for a moment, and shock flashed through his gaze…. 
Lucille, who was slowly walking down the stairs, was wearing a long azure dress. It was a simple and 
elegant waist-length dress that accentuated her slim figure. 
There were a few fluttering flowers embroidered on the hem of her dress. As she walked, the flowers 
and butterflies were partly hidden. They gave her an elegant and somewhat adorable look. 
Looking further up, her long black hair, which cascaded down her shoulders, was tied up with a wooden 
hairpin. As she walked down to the last step, she slowly turned around, clearly revealing her face. 
Her dark eyebrows were like two distant mountains, and her eyes were as clear as spring water. She 
was graceful and elegant, like an ethereal fairy. 
“Let’s go.” 
Lucille took one last step and looked at Joseph. 
The corners of Joseph’s lips curled up as he replied, “Okay!” 
The two of them left the villa together and got in the car. 
Madam Dahlia stood at the gate of the villa and watched their car drive away with a smile. 
Twenty minutes later… 
The car stopped and arrived at the Collins family’s residence. 
Lucille looked up and saw a huge courtyard. From the outside, she could see white walls and gray roof 
tiles, with thick ink and vibrant colors decorating the surfaces, 
When looking from a distance, she felt as if she was gazing at a painting come to life. The foundation 
and the momentum that came from a big family, along with the house itself, had a unique pressure to 
it. 
As expected of the hundred-year-old Collins family. 
Lucille glanced at Joseph and murmured, “Is there anything I should know? How do you want me to 
play along with you?” 
Since the two of them were working together, there were some things that had to be discussed in 
advance. Since they were at the entrance of the Collins family’s residence, Lucille had to move closer 
to Joseph so that nobody would overhear them. 
She continued, “If you have any requests, feel free to ask. If not, I’ll just do whatever I want.” 
Joseph had not listened to a single word. 
Because when Lucille approached him, she smelled a faint fragrance. 
He lowered his eyes. From that angle, the sun shone from behind her. He could see her soft skin and 
every detail of her profile under the light. 
She was… unbelievably cute. 
Joseph’s Adam’s apple bobbed slightly, and there was a hint of joy in his deep gaze. 
Right then, the door was opened from the inside. 
The maid greeted them respectfully. “Greetings, Mr. Joseph and Mrs. Collins.” 
It was Madam Collins who had personally instructed the servants to call her that. 
That was enough to show how much Old Madame valued Lucille. noveldrama
“Let’s go. Grandma is waiting for us.” 
Joseph stretched out his hand. Lucille looked at it and tacitly placed her own hand in his palm. 
After all, they had already held each other’s hands twice before, so they did possess that sort of 
understanding between each other. 
The maid’s eyes widened when she saw this. 
Everyone in the Collins family, as well as in the whole of Shein City, knew that Joseph hardly interacted 
with women. Not to mention holding hands, there was no one who could even get within three meters 
of him! 
But right then… 
###Chapter 51
The maid lowered her head. She did not dare to offend them in any way, but her heart was boiling with 
excitement. 
Finally, she was witnessing the climax of Joseph’s life story. 
Meanwhile, in the Collins Manor… 
Madam Collins was elegant and had a kind face. She was sitting in a wheelchair and kept looking 
outside from time to time. Obviously, she was both happy and anxious. 
How could she not be happy? Back then, she had put in so much effort to arrange a marriage for 
Joseph. She did not expect him to suddenly show up with a granddaughter-in-law. 
It was a miracle. 
On the other hand, Austin, who had been forced to accompany them, looked up at the sky. Despair 
was written all over his face. 
“Grandma, I don’t want to meet Miss Jules. Can I go back to school and go to class?” he tried. 
“No!” Madam Collins insisted. “Also, she’s not Miss Jules. She’s your sister-in-law! Remember to be 
polite to her when you see her later. Call her by her proper title.” 
“I won’t accept her as my sister-in-law!” he retorted. 
Austin looked unconvinced. “I don’t know what Joseph is thinking. The whole city knows that the Jules 
family’s daughter has a terrible reputation. Apparently, she’s very calculative. Otherwise, why would 
Samuel have. broken off their engagement? How could Joseph marry a woman like that?” 
However, as soon as he finished speaking, he was slapped on the back of his head. 
In a protective tone, Madam Collins started lecturing him. 
YOU 
You brat. How dare you say that about my granddaughter-in-law?” 
Austin was speechless. His eyes were blank and he felt so wronged that he was about to cry. 
“Grandma, I’m your grandson! How can you speak up for someone else?” 
“Well, she’s my granddaughter-in-law!” 
“Grandma…” 
Madam Collins snorted in amusement. When she saw how aggrieved Austin was, her heart softened 
and she reached out to pet his head. She said, “Silly child. Don’t judge a book by its cover. You can’t 
take what others. say too seriously. It’s better to see for yourself.” 
Rumors were just rumors. That was all. 
Similarly, when she was young, she had also been targeted by others. 
Madam Collins looked toward the door. Her eyes, which were surrounded by wrinkles, were filled with 
wisdom and depth. 
“Grandma.” Austin pursed his lips and sorrowfully murmured, “My hair is all messed up.” 
“It doesn’t matter. There are no girls who want you, anyway,” Madam Collins replied. 
Austin could hear his own heart breaking. noveldrama
At that moment, the subtle sound of footsteps came from the long courtyard outside the door. 
Madam Collins immediately looked up, and two figures finally appeared in her sight. 
In the courtyard, the grass was green and the sun was shining. The man approached slowly, looking 
devilishly handsome, and his figure was tall and straight. The girl, whose hand he was holding tightly, 
looked at him, and her face was absolutely gorgeous. 
“They’re a match made in heaven!” 
Madam Collins was grinning from ear to ear. 
Standing beside her, Austin glanced up at the sky and wanted to roll his eyes. However, he was afraid 
of 
getting hit again, so he simply looked everywhere but Lucille. 
Hmph. He would never call her his sister-in-law. 
Holding Lucille’s hand, Joseph walked up to Madam Collins and called out to her. “Grandma.” 
Lucille did the same. “Hello, Grandma.” 
Her voice was sweet and pleasant, which made Madam Collins happy. 
“Wonderful!” Madam Collins took Lucille’s hand with a smile and kept nodding. “What a good girl you 
are. Come on, sit down beside me.” 
Lucille glanced down. 
She had thought that Madam Collins would be difficult to get along with. However, she didn’t put on any 
airs at all and seemed to be very friendly. 
Particularly, when Madam Collins smiled, there was a kind and gentle light in her eyes. It was exactly 
the same as that of her own grandmother, who had been devoted to the technology industry all her life. 
Lucille cut off her train of thought. After she sat down, she realized that Madam Collins was sitting in a 
wheelchair. 
She was stunned for a moment. Before she could react, she heard a humming sound beside her. 
###Chapter 52
Lucille looked back quietly and saw a teenager around 17 or 18 years old, who was groaning at her. 
The young man looked like a porcelain doll, with a little baby fat. He was still childish, and his eyes 
were particularly beautiful. 
If she remembered correctly, that was probably Austin, Joseph’s cousin. 
She remembered how Joseph had bumped into her and Austin when they were eating at a restaurant. 
Lucille was about to look away when she heard another snort. Austin lowered his voice and muttered, “I 
will never recognize you as my sister-in-law.” 
The displeasure on his face was unconcealed. He was so full of anger, and he looked like a textbook 
example of a rich family’s idiotic son. noveldrama
Lucille was certain that if he had not been born into the Collins family, someone would have beaten him 
up. What was she going to do… Should she bully him as well? 
Lucille sat upright and slowly replied, “What did you say? I didn’t hear you.” 
Hearing this, Austin immediately repeated, “I said, I will never recognize you as my sister-in-law!” 
Oh no. It was over. 
He didn’t lower his voice, and everyone heard it. 
Joseph had a faint smile on his face as he looked at him. “It seems that you’re restless again.” 
The word “again” had a knowing tone to it. 
Austin shuddered instantly. If someone were to ask who he feared the most at home, then it would 
have to be Joseph. 
Madam Collins was even more ruthless. She took a sip of tea and uttered, “Sigh… I was going to buy 
you that sports car that you like, but now it seems that you don’t need it…” 
Plop! 
Austin dropped to his knees, which seemed to be a familiar posture for him. 
“Grandma, Joseph.” He called out to them one by one. Finally, he said loudly to Lucille, “My sister-in- 
law!” 
Lucille’s eyelids twitched. She was at a loss for words. 
How could he kneel down so easily? 
Madam Collins was satisfied. She tugged at Lucille’s hand in a caring manner. 
“Lucille, I heard about your father severing ties with you. What do you think? Are you willing to go back 
to that house? Don’t worry. With me supporting you, your father will never dare to bully you again!” 
Lucille shook her head and refused. “He’s not my father.” 
She understood that Madam Collins was speaking completely out of kindness. She was worried that 
Lucille would feel uncomfortable after getting kicked out of her house and facing gossip from the public, 
so Madam Collins wanted to back her up. 
However, that place had never been home to her in the first place. 
Madam Collins nodded. She totally respected Lucille’s wishes, especially when she thought of 
Howard’s harsh words when he publicly severed his relationship with Lucille. How could he be
considered a father? So what if -he disowned her? 
“Good girl.” Madam Collins patted the back of Lucille’s hand lovingly and muttered, “From now on, this 
place will be your home.” 
Lucille smiled and politely responded, “Thank you, Grandma.” 
“By the way, Lucille, how about we hold the engagement party this Saturday? I consulted someone, 
and the weather that day will be good. It’s a lucky date, too,” Madam Collins suggested. 
“Sure.” 
Either way, it was just a contract between her and Joseph. It didn’t matter what day the party was held. 
That made Madam Collins so happy that she could not even close her mouth. She immediately said to 
the servant beside her. “Hurry up and call the tailor over!” 
Soon, the tailor arrived 
She was the best tailor in all of Shein City. Her exquisite and extraordinary embroidery was famous all 
over the world It was said that she could embroider anything, so she was also said to have golden 
hands. 
Madam Collins said, “Come, Lucille. Let the tailor take your measurements. Also, you can tell her what 
kind of style you would want for the wedding dress, as well as any thoughts you have about it.” 
Wedding dress? 
Lucille was stunned. She had only agreed to the engagement, not to a marriage. 
Fortunately, Joseph cleared his throat and helped her out. “Grandma, she’s still young. Let’s talk about 
marriage in the future.” 
###Chapter 53
Madam Collins could only nod. “Okay.” 
Soon, the tailor finished taking Lucille’s measurements and said with a smile, “Your waist is so slim, 
Mrs. Collins. No matter what kind of dress you wear, you’ll look absolutely beautiful!” 
Madam Collins nodded. There was affection in her tone as she agreed, “That’s only natural!” 
After the tailor left, everyone moved to the dining room for lunch. 
Lucille glanced around and noticed that they were the only ones at the table. The other elders of the 
Collins family were all absent. 
Madam Collins even took the time to explain. “The others can’t leave the company right now, but they 
will definitely attend the engagement party.” 
Lucille was about to nod when a set of cutlery appeared in front of her and a piece of pork rib was 
placed in her bowl. 
Joseph looked at her. With a chuckle, he said, “Why don’t you have a try?” 
Madam Collins, who was sitting at the head of the table, pretended to be drinking soup, but she was 
actually observing their movements discreetly. 
Lucille’s expression did not change. She picked up a piece of mushroom and placed it into Joseph’s 
bowl. She smiled and stated, “You, too.” 
The sound of a maid gasping could be heard. 
Joseph was extremely picky. He never ate mushrooms, and he didn’t like it when other people touched 
his food… 
She had done just that. There was a high chance that Lucille would get kicked out. 
The maids were frightened. However, their eyes nearly popped out of their sockets. Not only was noveldrama
Joseph not disgusted, he even slowly chewed the food. 
It was mind-boggling. 
The maids weren’t the only ones stunned. Even Madam Collins’ hands, which were holding a bowl of 
soup, began trembling slightly. 
How interesting! 
She was going to see a great-grandchild in no time at all. 
After lunch, Madam Collins asked Joseph to bring Lucille around to familiarize herself with the manor. 
Joseph agreed. 
When he and Lucille stepped out of the main hall, Madam Collins gave instructions to the maids. “Go 
and tidy up the rooms upstairs, especially Josh’s bedroom!” 
The housekeeper, Madam Louisa, instantly understood what Madam Collins meant. She snickered and 
asked, “Madam Collins, do you mean that…” 
There was no need to say the rest. They both understood each other. 
“I’ll get to it right away,” Madam Louisa stated. 
She rushed upstairs with the other maids. 
Meanwhile, in the courtyard outside… 
Lucille looked at the plants and trees around the Collins Manor, as well as the subtle yet luxurious 
courtyard. She recalled how the Jules family looked during its glory days in Dilsburg. 
At the time, the Jules family was almost on par with the Collins family right then. 
Her grandfather was well-versed in both the arts and fighting. Not only could he cure diseases and 
save people, but also slaughter enemies on the battlefield. Her grandmother was a master of science 
and technology and had made countless contributions. Her father was the God of War in Dilsburg and 
had made 
outstanding contributions, Her mother was a famous actress and had made great achievements. 
After that, however… 
Her grandparents died in a car accident; her father was accused of treason and beheaded, her mother 
died while trying to protect Lucille. 
The Jules family collapsed just like that. 
Their past glory was gone, and all that was left was bloody hatred. 
Lucille held onto the wooden railings beside the pavilion. Her fingertips were all white because of how 
hard she was clenching her fist. 
Suddenly, she heard someone say, “Be careful!” 
Lucille quickly withdrew her hand, but she did not notice that there was a loose wooden board under 
her feet, causing her to slip and fall down unexpectedly. Fortunately, a pair of hands reached out to
hold her firmly. 
However, in that position, she was being held in Joseph’s arms. 
Holding hands was no big deal earlier since they were just acting. Right then, on the other hand, they 
were directly holding each other, and there was no gap between them at all… 
Lucille was about to push him away when she heard his voice from above her head. “Don’t move. 
There’s someone watching us not far away.” 
###Chapter 54
Needless to say, they were someone sent by Madam Collins. 
Lucille stayed quiet. 
Her whole body was stiff, and they stayed in that position for a few seconds. 
She could hear his strong heartbeat, and the faint scent of herbs on his body lingered around the tip of 
her 
nose. 
Although he was a sick man, his figure was really too good. He was tall with a straight back, and his 
body was well-proportioned. Even through his clothes, she could tell how strong he was. 
Lucille could not help but wonder if the rumors about him being sick were true. 
It didn’t seem like it. 
While she was lost in thought, she heard his clear and pleasant voice coming from above her. He 
asked, “That person has left. Do you still want to stay in this position?” 
When Lucille came back to her senses, she realized that he had already moved his hand away. He was 
gentlemanly and polite, with a hint of indifference. 
She immediately stepped back and realized that there was a jolt of pain in her ankle when she stood up 
straight. 
Looking down, she saw a few red marks. 
She must have gotten scratched by the broken wooden board when she stepped on it. Fortunately, 
there was only a little blood, so it was not serious. 
Lucille didn’t think it was a big deal and wasn’t planning on saying anything about it. 
Despite that, even though she didn’t say anything, Joseph immediately noticed because her skirt didn’t 
cover her ankles. 
The blood stains particularly stood out on her fair ankle. 
“Come with me.” 
Joseph tugged Lucille’s wrist and led her back inside. 
On the way there, the trembling maids bowed and said in a shaky voice, “M-Mr. Joseph, it really has 
nothing to do with us. We check and perform maintenance every day. For some reason, today, it 
just…” 
That wooden bridge had always been sturdy. There was no one who could trip just by standing on it. 
Madam Collins particularly loved taking walks there. If she was the one who had tripped that day, she 
would probably have fallen into the lake together with her wheelchair. 
Therefore, there was no way it could be an accident. 
Joseph didn’t even turn his head. His eyes were filled with coldness as he ordered, “Go and 
investigate.” “Yes!” The servants and maids immediately retreated. 
Lucille observed the situation carefully. She knew that the Collins family was a well-known family with a noveldrama
hundred years of complicated history. There was definitely more going on behind the scenes than she 
had imagined. 
Soon, they returned to the big living room. 
Lucille was made to sit down on the couch. Joseph instructed the servants to bring her a first-aid kit. 
Then, he told her, “Lift your leg up.” 
He patted the couch and motioned for her to put her feet onto it. 
Lucille shook her head. “There’s no need. It’s just a minor injury. I’ll be fine in no time.” 
In the past, no matter how serious her injuries were, she could only grit her teeth and endure them. 
She was not that delicate. 
However, as soon as Lucille said that, she saw Joseph staring at her. 
The man’s eyes, which were as deep as the abyss, were surging with a flickering light. It was 
dangerous and eye-catching, but also fatally attractive, 
Lucille felt a little uncomfortable under his gaze. She was about to look away when he asked with a 
faint smile, “Have you always been like this?” 
“What?” she questioned. 
“You never say anything, you never cry, and you never make a fuss.” Joseph moved a step closer to 
her. He stared into her eyes and slowly uttered, “How can people care for you if you won’t tell them 
when you’re hurt?” 
Lucille was stunned. 
Right after that, a soft pillow was thrown into her arms. It covered the hem of her skirt. 
Then, her injured foot was gently grabbed by Joseph. The cold ointment was applied to her burning 
scratch, instantly relieving all the pain. 
Those words kept circulating around Lucille’s mind. 
How can people care for you if you won’t tell them when you’re hurt? 
But what if… 
There was no one to care for her in the first place? 
When she was seven years old, the Jules family was destroyed. She saw her closest relatives die 
miserably in front of her. Since then, no one would wipe her tears, and no one would stand in front of 
her to protect her. 
Whether she was alive or dead, she didn’t need anyone to feel sorry for her. 
Lucille lowered her gaze, her long lashes hiding all the emotions in her eyes. 
At that moment, Madam Collins, who had heard the news, had her wheelchair pushed in by Madam 
Louisa. She asked, “What’s going on? Where did you get hurt, Lucille? Let me have a look!” 
###Chapter 55
Madam Louisa pushed Madam Collins forward. noveldrama
She took a closer look and became furious. “Look into it for me immediately! I want to know who can be 
so bold to do something like this right under my nose.” 
The maid next to her replied, “Mr. Joseph has already gotten someone to investigate, Madam Collins.” 
“That’s good.” Madam Collins patted Lucille’s hand and said with pity in her tone, “It’s my fault. I didn’t 
make the proper arrangements, which caused you to suffer.” 
Lucille shook her head. 
Madam Collins then turned to Joseph and said, “Oh, I’ve already gotten someone to clean up the room 
upstairs. Take Lucille there to rest.” 
Lucille was just about to say no when Joseph agreed. 
“Let’s go.” 
She had no choice but to follow him to the second floor. 
When they got there, Joseph said, “You should rest for now. All the rooms here are guest rooms. You 
can pick any of them.” 
Lucille was not interested in taking her time to pick a room. She pointed to the room closest to her and 
walked 
in alone. 
She looked around casually. It was gray inside, unlike the other guest rooms. It looked simple yet open. 
Just as Lucille was about to close the door, she noticed that Joseph had been watching her. There was 
a playful look on his handsome face. 
“What’s wrong? Is there a problem with the room I’ve chosen?” she asked. 
“No.” The smile on Joseph’s lips grew a bit wider. What he didn’t tell her was that it was his room. 
Lucille closed the door. 
Then, she locked it with a click. 
The bedroom was huge, and the big bed was so tidy that there were no wrinkles on it. She could tell 
that the sheets and blankets had just been changed. 
It had to be said that Madam Collins was very thorough in preparing things. 
Lying on the bed, Lucille rubbed her temples. 
Based on Shein City’s customs, the banquet would only be held at night. 
Lucille turned over. She closed her eyes and fell into a deep sleep. 
In her dream, there was a sea of fire. 
Waves of heat were everywhere. If she moved just a bit closer, she could feel an intense, searing pain. 
Amidst the flames stood a woman who seemed weak on the surface but was tough deep down. 
The woman looked at her from a distance and shouted to her. 
“Keep going, Lucille. Don’t look back.” 
“Mother!” 
The young Lucille’s voice was hoarse. She wanted nothing more than to rush into the sea of fire. 
However, the person behind her stopped her and dragged her away forcefully. 
A horde of killers rushed over, but the woman dragged them all into the sea of fire with her feeble 
body. 
They were going to die together. 
“Lucille, keep going. You’ll find the light.” 
Keep going. You’ll find the light. 
“Mother… Mother…” 
Lucille frowned while lying on the bed, and she mumbled in her sleep, her voice filled with hesitation. 
Joseph’s hand stopped in mid-air. 
He knocked on the door several times, but there was no reply from inside. Then, he opened the door 
with the key. Unexpectedly, Lucille was having a nightmare, and she wouldn’t wake up. 
Joseph squatted down and patted her on the back as if he was coaxing a child. 
After some time, Lucille gradually calmed down. Even in her sleep, she could not help but frown. 
Looking at her delicate and flawless face, Joseph’s gaze seemed to harden. There was an inquisitive 
look in his 
eyes. 
He had investigated Lucille’s background. Her mother had died of illness a long time ago. At the time, 
Lucille was only two years old. She shouldn’t have been able to remember anything about her mother 
at her current age. 
Not to mention, before drowning, Lucille was humble and timid. After the incident, however, she 
seemed to have suddenly changed into another person. Her temperament had changed greatly, 
becoming decisive and ruthless. 
She was completely different from before! 
Joseph gently caressed Lucille’s face as he asked in a low voice… 
“Who are you, exactly?” 
###Chapter 56
When Lucille woke up, it was already dark outside. 
Had she slept for that long? 
Lucille sat up from the bed and rubbed her swollen temples. 
She had dreamt about the things she wanted to forget the most. 
This time, she had been struggling in her nightmare as usual. However, what was different was that 
she felt as if someone was beside her, patting her back and comforting her. 
Lucille got up from the blanket and found that the door was still locked. She breathed a sigh of relief 
knowing that no one had come in. She was overthinking it. 
After washing her face in the bathroom, Lucille opened the door and walked out. 
She didn’t expect that she would bump into Austin as soon as she opened the door. 
Austin pointed at her with an extremely shocked expression. “Y-You… why are you in Joseph’s room?” 
Lucille was confused. 
So that was Joseph’s room? 
No wonder Joseph had such a playful look on his face when she walked in earlier. 
She didn’t know what to say. 
She decided to forget it. In any case, she had just been sleeping there. It wasn’t like she had gotten 
into bed. with him. All she had to worry about was making sure Madam Collins was satisfied. 
Lucille’s expression was calm. She walked past Austin and went straight downstairs. 
She got up too late and had probably missed dinner. 
As soon as Lucille walked downstairs, she heard Madam Louisa’s voice from around the corner. “Do 
you want me to go upstairs and knock on the door, Madam Collins?” 
“No need, Madam Collins replied. “None of you are allowed to wake Lucille up. Let her get a proper 
rest. I decide when the banquet starts!” 
Lucille’s gaze flickered slightly when she heard that. 
It was no wonder that no one in the Collins family had woken her up. It turned out that Madam Collins 
had specially told everyone to let her rest, even if that meant the banquet was delayed. 
Lucille raised her head and walked over with the clear sound of her footsteps. She emerged from the 
corner and shouted, “Grandma, I’m awake. I’m so sorry for oversleeping.” 
“Silly child. You don’t have to apologize.” Madam Collins smiled kindly and teased, “If you feel bad, 
then you can help me push my wheelchair around.” 
“Okay.” 
Lucille stepped forward, took the wheelchair from Madam Louisa, and pushed Madam Collins toward 
the banquet hall. 
In the hall, delicious dishes had been served one after another on the long table. Each dish was a feast 
in itself, and even the pieces of boiled cabbage had been sliced into the shape of a flower. The other 
dishes were even more extravagant, which showed that the chef’s cooking skills were excellent. 
Lucille pushed Madam Collins to the head of the table, making sure she was settled down before taking 
a seat herself. 
Not long after, Austin arrived as well. 
He sat on the opposite side of Lucille, looking angry, but he didn’t dare to show it. He could only 
secretly glare at her when no one was paying attention. noveldrama
She made a shushing motion. 
Lucille was taunting him. 
Instantly, she managed to suppress Austin, who fell silent. 
Madam Collins didn’t notice what was going on at all. She was still looking around because she hadn’t 
seen Joseph yet. She asked, ‘Where’s Josh? Why isn’t he here yet?” 
Madam Louisa replied, “Mr. Joseph is in the study. He said he would be here soon.” 
“Oh. In that case, let’s eat first.” Madam Collins grabbed some food for Lucille and said, “Come, Lucille. 
Eat more. Try these dishes and see if you like them.” 
“Thank you, Grandma,” Lucille said. 
She ate slowly, then raised her head to give some praise. “Oh! It tastes wonderful.” 
“Try this one, then.” 
“Okay.” 
###Chapter 57
Just as Lucille was about to reach over with her cutlery, a shadow approached from beside her. 
The next second, Joseph naturally sat down on the chair next to her. He raised her hand lazily and 
slowly stated, “Sorry for being late.” 
Madam Collins glared at him and pretended to be angry. “Some fiancé you are. Aren’t you going to 
help Lucille get some soup?” 
Joseph chuckled and rolled up his sleeves. Then, he stood up and personally filled a bowl of soup 
before placing it in front of Lucille. He looked at her with a smile as he teased her. 
“Try it, Lucille.” 
She did not reply. 
The way he spoke made Lucille uncomfortable, but she still replied, “Thank you.” 
Joseph leaned over intimately. From an outsider’s point of view, he seemed to be whispering 
something to her, but in fact, he only leaned over slightly and quietly murmured, “There’s news about 
the person you’re looking for. Come with me later.” 
After that, he returned to his seat, looking nonchalant. 
The spoon in Lucille’s hand almost fell into her bowl. She didn’t expect that Molly’s whereabouts would 
be found in just three days. The efficiency was far beyond her imagination. 
As expected of Joseph. She had made the right choice working with him. 
Lucille suppressed her emotions and lowered her head to drink the soup. noveldrama
When dinner was almost over, Madam Collins wiped her mouth with a handkerchief. With a smile, she 
said, “Lucille, it’s already so late. You can stay here for the night. I’ve prepared a room for you!” 
Before Lucille could say anything, Joseph cleared his throat and chimed in, “Grandma, I’m afraid she 
can’t stay today. We’re going out on a date.” 
He deliberately emphasized the word “date”. 
Madam Collins’ eyes lit up when she heard that. “All right, all right. Go ahead, then. You can stay out as 
late as you want. It’s okay if you don’t come back!” 
She was being way too obvious. 
Lucille blinked. Before she could react, she saw Joseph reaching out to her and calmly asking, “Shall 
we go?” Without another word, Lucille placed her hand in his palm. 
The two said goodbye to Madam Collins and got in the car. 
The driver was Culver. 
There were no outsiders around, so there was no need for them to act any longer. Lucille anxiously 
questioned, “Where is Molly? How is she doing right now?” 
Ever since she was accused of being a traitor and died because of it, she was worried that those who 
had framed her wouldn’t let go of those she loved. 
Molly would be the first in line. 
Not to mention, Molly was just a child with the IQ of a five-year-old. How could she be able to protect 
herself? Seeing that Lucille’s expression had changed, Joseph turned on the display of the screen in
the car and pulled up a video. “Don’t worry. Although she’s injured, her life isn’t in danger. This is what 
my men recorded when they found her. Take a look.” 
Lucille looked over and saw that the video was filmed in the countryside. 
Molly, who was covered in blood, was lying on top of a small mound of dirt. She kept yelling at the 
people who had found her. “Go away! All of you, go away!” 
After yelling, she flopped onto the dirt and cried hysterically. “Bobo… Even you don’t want me 
anymore?” 
In the end, it was Joseph’s subordinate who followed Lucille’s orders and shouted, “I’ll take you to 
Lucille. Come 
with us!” 
As he spoke, his subordinate threw Molly a lollipop. 
She tentatively picked up the lollipop and found that it was watermelon-flavored. She immediately got 
up from the mound, sniffed with her red nose, and nodded repeatedly. “Okay!” 
Seeing that she finally cooperated, the subordinate breathed a sigh of relief. 
That was where the video stopped. 
Joseph continued, “Right now, they’re already on the plane back to Shein City. You’ll see them soon.” 
Lucille nodded. “Thank you, Joseph.” 
She had finally let go of the biggest worry in her heart, and she thanked him sincerely. 
Unexpectedly, Joseph looked at her and suddenly asked, “Who is Bobo?” 
###Chapter 58
Lucille paused. 
In the video, Molly was lying on the mound, crying and screaming as she asked if Bobo didn’t want her 
anymore. Because of how hysterically she was sobbing, her voice was not clear. Surprisingly, not only 
did Joseph’s banquet hear it, but he even caught onto that point specifically. 
Lucille remained calm and explained, “It’s a cat that I used to raise.” 
“Oh? Is that so?” Joseph had a faint grin on his face. There was a hint of interest in his dark and 
beautiful 
eyes. 
He looked at her, with a wicked aura all over his body. His casual, relaxed posture made it hard to noveldrama
guess how much he believed her. 
Lucille looked at him calmly, without any trace of a guilty conscience. 
Joseph laughed quietly and did not press the issue. 
Soon, the car stopped. 
Lucille looked outside and found that the car was parked in front of the Jules Residence. 
Joseph stated, “It’s still early. The helicopter will arrive in the early morning. There are still a few hours 
left, so you can rest for a while.” 
After that, the car door was opened. 
Joseph stepped out of the car with his slender legs and walked in the direction of the villa. 
Lucille was stunned for a moment, then she quickly ran after him and asked, “A-Are you staying here?” 
Joseph raised his eyebrows and calmly question, “What’s wrong? Am I not allowed to?” 
?Of course not. Lucille frowned and replied in a business-like tone, “A deal is a deal. You help me find 
someone, and I will help you deal with Madam Collins. We aren’t supposed to interfere with each 
other’s personal lives. That was part of the deal.” 
It didn’t matter. Even though she was grateful to Joseph for helping her find and save Molly, it didn’t 
mean that he could step into her private life as he wished. 
Not to mention, as stated in the contract, she would fulfill her promise and pretend to be his fiancée to 
help him deal with the Collins family for a year. 
She continued, “We’re just helping each other out and using each other. Since there’s no one else 
around now, there’s no need for us to continue acting, right?” 
Joseph had his eyes fixed on Lucille. Her gaze was icy, and the coldness in her eyes made her seem 
untouchable. She looked like the snow in winter that never melted. 
She had drawn a clear line between them. 
The corners of Joseph’s lips curled up. It was hard to tell what he was feeling. Seeing the wariness in 
Lucille’s eyes, he chuckled and slowly muttered, “Don’t worry. I won’t take advantage of a little girl like 
you.” 
After that, he strode forward with his long legs. 
Then… Lucille watched him walk past the Jules Residence and enter the villa next door. 
The door of the villa was open, and a few servants came out one after the other. They bowed 
respectfully to Joseph and said, “Welcome back, Mr. Joseph.” 
Seeing that, Lucille froze on the spot. 
It turned out… that Joseph owned the villa right next to hers. 
What a huge misunderstanding. 
She had thought that Joseph had wanted to spend the night in the Jules Residence. That was why she 
had said all of that, so that things wouldn’t get messy in the future. 
She didn’t expect that he was just passing by. 
Lucille rubbed her forehead. She wanted to apologize, but when she looked up, she found that Joseph 
had already walked in and that the door of the villa next door was closed. 
Was he… angry? 
Lucille wanted to knock on the door and say sorry, but after thinking for a while, she gave up 
She decided to forget about it. They could talk about it the next time they met. 
Lucille went into the Jules Residence. 
The lights in the living room were on. 
Madam Dahlia sat on the sofa, snoring. She didn’t wake up until she heard the sound of the keypad 
being unlocked. 
###Chapter 59
“Why are you back so early, Miss Jules?” 
“Hm…” Lucille responded indifferently. 
Just as she was about to go upstairs, she saw Madam Dahlia handing her a card. Madam Dahlia’s 
eyes lit up as she said, “Madam Collins sent this here in the afternoon. Miss Jules. She said it’s a gift to 
commemorate your first meeting!” 
“A gift to commemorate our first meeting?” Lucille asked. 
“That’s right!” Madam Dahlia was extremely excited and nodded repeatedly. “Madam Collins is so 
thoughtful. She said that if she knew to give it to you in person, you would definitely refuse it, so she 
sent it directly to the Jules Residence and told me to take it for the time being. Madam Collins also said 
that you’re not allowed to reject it.” 
“Got it. You should go to bed, Madam Dahlia.” 
Lucille took the card and went back to her room. 
It was a limited-edition black card. 
Since it was a gift from Madam Collins, there was definitely a lot of money inside. The passcode to the 
card was written on the back, and it was a thoughtful one. The passcode turned out to be her 
birthday… 
No matter what, she would never take the money. 
She would return it to Joseph the next time she saw him in person. 
Lucille went to the balcony outside the master bedroom and turned her head to look at the balcony next 
door. Since the villas were connected, they were only separated by a big wall. The sound insulation in 
both villas was amazing, too, and it was almost impossible for any sound to leak over. The only 
connection point between the 
The balcony of the master bedroom was built with four floor-length windows, which had an 
unobstructed view of the outside. Because of that, all they had to do was look over, and they would be 
able to see each other. 
However… Joseph wasn’t on the balcony. There was no point in looking. 
Lucille relaxed on the lounge chair, her eyes closed as she pretended to be asleep. 
About three hours later, at half past 12 in the morning, she heard the buzz of a helicopter from the sky. 
The sound was particularly clear in the quiet of night. 
Lucille opened her eyes. 
Before long, a black helicopter slowly landed on the wide road outside the villa. 
Lucille got up from her reclining chair. She propped herself up with one hand, and gracefully leaped 
down from the window. 
She immediately landed steadily on the ground. 
Lucille walked out of the villa. 
Meanwhile, several men came out of the helicopter, one after another. One of them was holding a 
short-haired girl. She was unconscious. Her face was pale and her clothes were stained with blood. 
When the subordinates saw Lucille, they all nodded respectfully and greeted her. “Greetings, Mrs. 
Collins.” “Give her to me.” Lucille reached out to grab the girl. 
The subordinate asked, “Should I help you bring her in, Mrs. Collins?” 
“There’s no need. She’s my family. I’ll do it myself,” Lucille replied. 
As she spoke, she took Molly from their hands and turned to walk towards the Jules Residence. noveldrama
Under the streetiamp, the girl straightened her back and walked calmly. Carrying Molly in her arms was 
no big deal. 
After returning to the villa, Lucille gently put Molly down and then personally dealt with the various 
injuries on Chapter 59 
her body Fortunately, they were only superficial wounds and were not life threatening. 
Lucille heaved a sigh of relief 
Soon, Molly, who was lying on the bed, moved. Finally, she opened her eyes. 
When she saw Lucille for the first time, Molly was stunned. When she confirmed that the person in front 
of her was Lucille, she couldn’t help but begin to sob. 
“Bobo, they all said that you were dead. They lied to me, they lied to me…” 
###Chapter 60
“Don’t cry.” Lucille stroked Molly’s head and comforted her. “I told you that I would bring you wherever I 
went, right? Also, I gave you a communication device. Why couldn’t I connect to it?” 
“It’s here.” As Molly sobbed, she took a thin rope hanging around her neck. The small hanging 
on the rope seemed like an accessory, but in fact, it was a small communication device. 
She said, “I was a good girl, Bobo. I was waiting to hear from you.” 
With a wronged look on her face, she held the communication device and handed it to Lucille, looking 
like an abandoned child. 
Lucille took the communication device and shook it gently. Immediately, the yellow mud and water noveldrama
inside began to drip out incessantly… 
She had made that communication device years before. The signal was very strong, so even if they 
were separated, they could communicate through it. 
After the incident, she tried everything to locate Molly, but she found nothing. 
Sure enough, as she had expected, the communication device had long become a piece of industrial 
trash. Lucille wiped her hands and asked, “Molly, where have you been these days?” 
Molly lowered her head guiltily. She twiddled two of her fingers and feebly mumbled, “I-I wanted to find 
you after I heard what happened. In the end, I have no idea where I ended up.” 
“Be honest with me,” Lucille coaxed. 
“I was in a mass grave.” Molly was dejected. She lowered her head and added, “They said that you 
were left there. I-I wanted to stay with you.” 
Lucille was slightly taken aback. 
No wonder she had clutched onto the little mound of dirt on the ground and refused to get up when 
Joseph’s subordinates found her. It turned out that she thought Lucille was buried there. 
In Dilsburg, the corpses of those who committed great crimes without anyone to claim the bodies would 
be thrown into a mass grave and left to their own fate. 
That place was not only remote and desolate but also chaotic. 
Who could have imagined that after she had fought all kinds of battles and made countless 
contributions, her body would simply be exposed to the wilderness in the end…. 
Lucille quietly questioned, “Are the wounds on your body caused by someone beating you up at the 
time?* 
It was not difficult to imagine that if Molly, who only had an IQ of a five-year-old, were to show up in the 
mass grave alone, she would inevitably be humiliated, scammed, and beaten by the people nearby. 
Molly did not dare to lie anymore. She nodded pitifully and answered, “Yes…” 
Lucille was frustrated. “Why didn’t you fight back?” 
Although Molly wasn’t very intelligent, she was born with great strength. Even if she were to fight 
several grown-up men, she could easily knock them down. It was impossible for her to be bullied like 
that. 
Unexpectedly, the moment she asked, Molly cried and said in a trembling voice, “I’m a good girl, Bobo. 
I’ll listen to you. Don’t leave me…” 
When Lucille heard this, she felt both amused and distressed. 
It turned out that after her accident, Molly thought that Lucille had abandoned her because she wasn’t 
obedient enough. 
Lucille sighed. “Silly girl. You’ve been by my side for so long. How could I abandon you?” 
It was because Molly was so important to her that she did not hesitate to make a deal with Joseph. 
Even if she had to risk exposing her identity, she had to use his power to find Molly. 
Fortunately, she managed to safely find Molly. 
Lucille nagged her. “Remember. If anyone tries to bully you next time, beat them all up. These are 
direct instructions from me!” 
“Okay, okay!” Molly nodded, and her lovely, baby-like face looked rather silly. “You won’t abandon me 
again, will you, Bobo?” 
“No, I won’t.” 
Lucille smiled gently and reminded her, “Also, you can’t call me Bobo in public. You can only call me 
Lucille. Everything that happened between us must be kept a secret. Don’t tell anyone about my 
identity, understand?” 
“Got it!” Molly nodded seriously. 
“Okay. You should go to bed now. This is our temporary home for now. I’ll be in the room next door,” 
Lucille told her. 
###Chapter 61
After that, Lucille got up and left. 
Molly kept her eyes on Lucille until the door was closed and Lucille was out of sight. Then Molly looked 
around her bedroom curiously. 
It was an unfamiliar environment, but the side of her bed was lined with squirrel plushies. 
Molly giggled with satisfaction. She held the plushies tightly in her arms and closed her eyes to sleep. 
The way Molly saw it, she didn’t care about where this place was or what she had to do. She only had 
one principle in life, and that was to stay with Lucille forever, just like the ten years when they had 
depended on each other for survival… 
The next day, the morning light was dim. 
Lucille finished her morning training and returned to her room to change into clean clothes. When she 
opened the door again, she found Molly standing in front of her with a squirrel plushie in her arms. She 
smiled brightly and greeted, “Lucille, good morning!” 
“Morning.” noveldrama
Lucille brought Molly downstairs. 
When Madam Dahlia, who was preparing breakfast in the restaurant, saw them coming down, she 
immediately smiled. “Miss Jules, Miss Molly, you’ve woken up. Come and have breakfast.” 
Lucille sat down at the dining table and introduced her to Molly. “Molly, this is Madam Dahlia.” 
Molly was very obedient and immediately shouted, “Hello, Madam Dahlia.” 
“Hello,” Madam Dahlia replied with a smile. 
Lucille had told her about Molly two days ago. 
When Molly was young, she was abandoned by her parents. Because of that traumatic experience, her 
brain was damaged, and life-long irreversible damage was caused. Her intelligence stayed at that of a 
five-year-old, and she would always be a naive child…. 
Madam Dahlia’s face was full of pity. She couldn’t help but say, “Miss Molly must be one lucky girl. 
She’s a pure- hearted girl, and I hope she lives for a long time.” 
Molly was busy eating, and her cheeks were bulging. Despite that, when she heard someone say her 
name, she immediately looked over and nodded. “Yes, yes!” 
Lucille couldn’t help laughing. 
After breakfast, Lucille was getting ready to take Molly to school. 
When they left the villa to get a taxi, Lucille glanced at the villa next door. She saw servants going in 
and out of the courtyard in a hurry as if something big was going on. 
However, there was no sign of Joseph outside… 
What was happening? 
Lucille looked away. 
Aside from the deal, they weren’t supposed to get involved with one another. 
She got into the car with Molly and left. 
Soon, they arrived at the school gate. 
Lucille walked into the school and immediately saw the notice posted in the school newspaper. The 
notice wrote about the misunderstanding wherein the original host was accused of stealing Jenny’s 
diamond necklace. The school publicly apologized and retracted its decision to punish her. 
Essentially, she had cleared up the original host’s reputation. 
Lucille shook her head and continued walking forward. 
Molly blinked and followed closely behind Lucille. 
They approached the door of the classroom. While they were still in the corridor, they bumped into 
Jenny, who should have been locked up in the detention center. 
How could the culprit be released so quickly? 
Lucille’s gaze turned slightly cold. 
Jenny was dressed glamorously. She reached out her hand to block Lucille’s way into the classroom 
and said. smugly. “You b*tch. You didn’t expect this, did you? Even though you tried to set me up, I’ve 
been released now!” 
###Chapter 62
Aside from Jenny, there were two well-known playboys from rich families who had been released. 
That day, when the original host drowned on her body, Jenny was the one who had pushed the original 
host. into the river, while the two playboys forcefully kept her head underwater to prevent her from 
emerging. 
Among the eight of them, the three who had committed the most serious crimes were safe and sound. 
How could they be released after getting detained for only three days? 
Lucille gave him a half-smile. “How did you guys get released?” 
Jenny felt triumphant. In a bragging tone, she declared, “I’ve had heart problems since I was a child. 
They had no choice but to let me out.” 
Another guy, whose name was Wayne Carter, also giggled and chimed in, “I’ve got stomach 
problems.” 
“In that case…” Thomas Sanders, who was best friends with Wayne, thought for a moment, then patted 
his thigh and said, “I’ve got brain problems!” 
Instantly, the whole classroom burst into laughter. 
Wayne even gave Thomas a thumbs-up and said without hesitation, “You’re still good at talking 
nonsense, Thomas!” 
Indeed, it was nonsense. 
Otherwise, how could they convince the authorities just to let them out just by saying that they had 
heart, stomach, or brain problems? In the end, it was just an excuse made up by their families in order 
to bail them out 
That way, by paying a sufficient amount of bail, these people could be released safely and even 
returned to school to show off. 
The other four students didn’t have such good luck, however, 
When the laughter faded, Jenny crossed her arms and threatened, “Just wait and see, Lucille. Even if 
you’ve managed to clear your reputation about the necklace, I’ll never let you off after you’ve caused 
me to get locked up for three whole days! This is just the beginning!” 
Behind her, Wayne and Thomas also crossed their arms over their chests. They donned arrogant looks 
and warned, “Lucille, you’ve really offended us this time. I don’t think you can handle the 
consequences. Just you wait. This school will be your personal hell from now on.” noveldrama
The other students in the classroom began clamoring. All of their faces were full of anticipation for the 
drama. 
Everyone in the university knew that Jenny, the rich daughter of the Zanes family, had wealthy roots. 
She was used to being arrogant and domineering. She would definitely get revenge after what Lucille 
had done to her. 
On top of that, Wayne and Thomas were not people to be trifled with. They were rich kids. Instead of 
living a proper life, they were dedicated to doing twisted things. 
If someone were to offend them, nobody could say for sure what would happen to that person. 
Other than gloating over Lucille’s misfortune, there was also a look of sympathy in everyone’s eyes. 
Upon hearing those words, Molly squeezed her way forward and clenched her fists so hard that 
cracking sounds could be heard. 
“If anyone dares to bully Lucille, I’ll rip their heads off!” she yelled. 
“Oh? You’ve got backup?” Wayne and Thomas laughed out loud. Their obscene gaze swept over Molly, 
which was incredibly uncomfortable to watch. 
Jenny also glanced at Molly and sneered, “Where did this idiot come from? You don’t even know which 
side you should be picking. Be careful not to follow the wrong person. You will suffer in the end!” 
“You’re the idiot here. Your whole family is a bunch of idiots!” Molly hated being called an idiot the most. 
Even if it was true, only Lucille could say it. No one else was allowed to! 
Hearing that, Jenny cackled even harder. “Oh. It seems that she’s the one who really has brain 
problems here.” 
Laughter rang out again. 
Molly was so angry that her eyes were wide open. She clenched her fists and was ready to pounce on 
them. and beat them up at any moment. 
Right then, Lucille patted her head and called out to her. 
“Molly, come back,” 
Molly immediately returned to her side. 
Lucille raised her hand to tidy up the hairpin on Molly’s head. Then, she turned around to look at Jenny, 
Wayne, and Thomas. Slowly, she uttered, “You weren’t wrong about one thing. This is just the
beginning.” 
Everyone had to pay the price for what they had done. 
As the main culprits, they could escape for a while, but not forever. 
###Chapter 63
Their family could protect them for a while, but not for a lifetime. noveldrama
With that, Lucille retracted her gaze and brought Molly into the classroom. 
Jenny refused to give up. She had wanted to step in front of Lucille and say something harsh again, but 
before she could get a word out, she was stunned by Lucille’s imposing manner. 
The girl in front of her was calm and composed, and she had an aura of superiority that demanded 
respect. She was like a commander with a well-thought-out strategy. A single glance from her was 
enough to make people feel as if she had thousands of troops backing her up. Her battle cry was 
majestic, and there was a strong killing intent on her face. 
Jenny was shocked and took a step back. 
By the time she came back to her senses, Lucille had already found a place to sit down with Molly. 
Everything that had happened earlier felt like a hallucination… 
Before class started, Lucille glanced at Molly and noticed her pouting. She was not as excited as she 
was when they first arrived. Lucille couldn’t help asking. “Are you upset?” 
Molly shook her head at first but then nodded. 
She was happy to go to class with Lucille, but she was unhappy to find that the atmosphere there was 
very depressing. The people around them seemed to be targeting Lucille, whether it was intentional or 
not… 
Molly answered, “Lucille, there are many people here who want to bully you. I’m not happy.” 
Lucille curled her lips and slowly stated, “Then let’s bully them back. However, we shouldn’t just go 
around hitting people. Instead, we can hurt them when they’re not looking.” 
Molly’s eyes lit up when she heard that. 
Hurting people while they weren’t looking sounded exciting! 
She had to get ready. 
Thus, from the beginning to the end of the class, Molly sat up straight. 
Although the little girl was not a student in the medical college, she could still stay in the class. 
Lucille sat quietly in her seat. 
She lowered her eyes and looked through the book, but kept thinking about what to do next. 
If she wanted to return to Dilsburg, she had to gain a firm foothold in Shein City so that nobody could 
contest her strength. 
She had to make use of everything she had at her disposal. 
Particularly, the major families in Shein City. If she could make them owe them a big favor, it would be 
easy for her to do anything she wanted in the future…. 
She was a skilled person. Her identity as an expert was useful, but it was not enough. No one would 
believe. that she was the legendary Bambo. 
Therefore… she had to find someone to cover for her. 
Master Walton was very suitable. 
That was also one of the reasons why she was willing to return to school. 
Although she didn’t want to be Mr. Walton’s student, she didn’t mind accepting him as her disciple. 
Lucille was lost in her thoughts until she heard the bell ringing. 
“Molly, let’s go.” 
Lucille got up and was about to walk out of the classroom when she suddenly heard Wayne cursing. 
He then got up on a chair and yelled, 
“There’s news! Mount Ocean House has finally revealed the item they’re going to auction. It’s the last 
DVD of Annabelle Johnson, an actress who is famous all over the country!” 
Lucille abruptly stopped in her tracks. 
She spun her head around and her gaze turned to ice. 
“Who are you talking about?” 
###Chapter 64
The pressure those words carried was immense. 
The storm in Lucille’s eyes was about to burst forth. Her usually calm face was covered with a layer of 
frost. 
Wayne was stunned. It was the first time that Lucille had taken the initiative to talk to him, so he said 
with a cheeky smile, “Annabelle Johnson, the actress who was once famous all over the country. She 
was crowned as the most beautiful theater actress in Dilsburg. Later on, everyone knew her as a b*tch. 
Hahaha!” 
Smash! 
Before Wayne could say anything more, his nose suffered a heavy punch. 
Countless exclamations could be heard all around. 
Wayne had been beaten so badly that his nose was bleeding. When he came back to his senses and 
was about to start cursing people out, someone grabbed his collar, and Lucille’s stunning, eye-catching 
face was right in front of him. 
“You’d better clean that mouth of yours,” she warned. 
Lucille was exuding a dangerous aura as if someone had tested her limits. 
However, it seemed that he still hadn’t learned his lesson. 
After Wayne’s initial shock, he immediately sneered and said even more harshly, “You don’t want me to noveldrama
say it? I’ll say it again, then. Everyone knows Annabelle is a wh*re. On the outside, she looks pure, but
the truth is that she’s filthy from head to toe. She makes me want to throw up. She’s nothing but a dirty 
rag that-” 
Before he could finish, his feet suddenly rose into the air. 
“Argh!” 
There was dead silence in the classroom. 
Everyone was dumbfounded. They watched helplessly as Lucille grabbed Wayne’s neck with one hand 
and forcefully lifted him up from the ground and pressed him against the wall. 
“Shut Up!” 
Lucille’s eyes were bloodshot and filled with killing intent, 
Wayne kept struggling, and his face gradually turned red due to the lack of oxygen. The blue veins on 
his forehead began bulging. He looked like a dying fish, struggling pathetically. 
He tried to beg for mercy. With difficulty, he yelled, “L-Lucille…” 
However, Lucille did not react in the slightest. Her expression was cold and frightening. 
All the memories that she didn’t want to recall appeared in front of her one after another. They were like 
ferocious demons, like an endless trap of darkness, pulling her into the abyss bit by bit. 
It felt as if she had been transported back in time. 
The mother and daughter, who were running for their lives, had no choice but to hide at a dead end. 
However, there were people chasing them all around. When two of them tried to surround Lucille, 
Annabelle, with her motherly strength, held up an axe in front of her. She began slaughtering those 
people, causing them to flee. 
Lucille would never forget that night in the shabby little courtyard when there were no stars in the sky. 
Annabelle, with her disheveled hair, shook her head and looked at the sky. Every word she spoke was 
filled with despair. 
“God, I’m willing to bear all the suffering. Come at me! I’m not afraid of anything. In fact, maybe I 
haven’t suffered enough yet,” she prayed. 
“However, all I beg of you is to open your eyes. I have never done anything evil in my life, so please 
turn all the suffering I have suffered into a little bit of luck and let my daughter live. I only pray that she 
will be safe for the 
rest of her life… God, please.” 
Lucille’s eyes turned bloodshot. 
She seemed to have seen Wayne as one of the horrible people who had hurt Annabelle. Her mind was 
filled 
with only one thought, and it was revenge. 
Wayne’s breath gradually weakened, and his legs stopped kicking. He was about to be strangled to 
death. The other people in the classroom were so scared that their faces turned pale. No one dared to 
come forward. Molly was stunned, and the lollipop in her hand fell to the ground. She had no time to 
pick it up. She simply rushed to Lucille’s side and hugged her tightly, crying and shouting. 
“Lucille, Lucille… You still have me. I’m here for you!” she sobbed. 
“Lucille, it’s okay. It’s okay. Don’t cry, don’t cry…” 
With Molly comforting her, Lucille finally came back to her senses, and her scarlet eyes gradually 
cleared up. 
She let go of him. 
Wayne, who was barely hanging on, collapsed to the ground. Nobody could tell whether he was dead 
or alive. The sound of ambulance and police sirens could be heard from outside. 
###Chapter 65
Wayne was carried away in an ambulance while Lucille was taken away in a police car. 
Jenny was the one who had called the police. 
When Lucille was taken away, Jenny sneered and said with a joyful smile, “Lucille, oh, Lucille. This is 
what they call karma. Staying in the detention center is not an easy experience. Have fun in there!” 
Lucille didn’t even look at her. She simply told Molly. “Call Madam Dahlia and ask her to pick you up 
from school.” 
“No, I want to be with you…” Molly raised her hand to wipe her tears. She wanted to follow her into the 
police car but was stopped before she could get close. 
Such a sensational thing had happened in the early morning, leaving the whole school in an uproar. 
The one who was most pleased with herself was none other than Jenny. While gloating, she rushed 
over to one of her little followers and exclaimed, “This is great. I wonder if Wayne is dead or not. If he 
is… Tsk, tsk, tsk. Lucille can forget about getting released for the rest of her life!” 
“That’s right, especially since Lucille has been driven out of the house. There’s no way Howard would 
care about her. No one is going to take her side. Her status as a murderer is obvious. After all, we’re all 
witnesses to it.” 
“You’re wrong. Who said that no one is going to take Lucille’s side? Look at that crying idiot over there,” 
someone piped up before pointing at Molly. 
All of a sudden, there was a burst of laughter. 
Even when she heard them adding fuel to the fire, Molly restrained herself and didn’t hit them. 
She sniffed and left the building alone. Then, she called Madam Dahlia with the new phone that Lucille 
had bought for her. 
When Madam Dahlia heard the news, she hurried to the school and took Molly back to the Jules 
Residence. 
After getting to know the gist of it, Madam Dahlia looked at the villa next door anxiously. 
That morning, she saw that the owner of the villa was Joseph, 
If Joseph could help them, then Lucille wouldn’t have to get locked up… 
Meanwhile, Molly lowered her head. She kicked a small stone beside her feet and crushed it. “If we 
were in Dilsburg, everyone would bow respectfully to Lucille the moment they saw her, unlike the noveldrama
people here. How dare they be so bold? It’s disgusting…” 
After kicking away all the stones around her feet, Molly raised her head and found that Madam Dahlia 
had been staring at the villa next door. She was glancing around as if she wanted to go in and look for 
someone, but all she could do was stand outside the sturdy iron door. There was a sense of urgency in 
her gaze. 
Molly asked, “Madam Dahlia, what’s wrong?” 
‘Miss Molly, you might not know this, but the owner of that villa is Mr. Joseph, who is also Miss Jules’ 
fiancé. If he were to help us, then Miss Jules would be fine… Miss Dahlia murmured. 
“Is that so?” 
Molly blinked. After getting an affirmative answer from Madam Dahlia, she took two steps back and 
gave a hard kick to the iron gate. 
Bang! 
The huge gate fell down. 
Madam Dahlia was stunned and her hands were shaking. 
However, Molly innocently urged her, saying, “Hurry up and go, Madam Dahlia.” 
Madam Dahlia shivered even harder. 
She didn’t dare to go over all of a sudden. 
Click to accent thia 
She wanted to ask Joseph for help but ended up causing the villa’s gate to be kicked down Was she 
asking for help or just causing trouble? 
However, the owner of the villa was Joseph, who was known for being the most difficult person to deal 
with in the entirety of Shein City 
Meanwhile, in the villa, Culver walked into the master bedroom with a bowl of medicinal soup and said, 
“The medicine is ready, Mr Joseph” 
As soon as he finished speaking, there was a loud bang downstairs, which scared Culver so much that 
he spilled half of the soup he had just brewed. 
Joseph, who was leaning against the headboard, looked pale. His handsome brows furrowed slightly. 
He coughed a few times and muttered in a hoarse voice, “Go and see what happened.” 
“Yes, sir!” 
Culver put the bowl on the table and hurried out. 
###Chapter 66
Lucille, who had been taken away, confessed to everything. 
She admitted that she was the one who made the first move. 
At that moment, Wayne was still in the hospital. The Carter family was determined to press charges to 
the end, so Lucille had no choice but to stay locked up in the detention center. 
The room was tiny. She was surrounded by walls, with a door on one of them. There was only a single 
iron bed and a small sink inside. The wall was very dirty, with black footprints everywhere, as well as 
random graffiti. 
In the corner, a small black spider was diligently weaving a net. 
Lucille squatted on the ground and watched as the spider slowly weaved its trap. 
Right then, a familiar voice suddenly came from outside the iron door. It was magnetic and pleasing to 
the ear, with a hint of vague teasing…. 
“People are busy trying to convict you, yet you’re here watching a spider spin its web?” 
Lucille turned her head and saw that the man outside the door was none other than Joseph. 
Under the dazzling light, his facial features were even more pronounced, as if he was a statue. His 
handsome face was white as snow, looking rather pale and nearly translucent. However, when paired 
with his ardent gaze, he looked wicked. 
Lucille stood up and gazed at Joseph through the iron door. Suddenly, she grinned brightly and said, 
“Can’t you tell I was waiting for you?” 
From her tone, it seemed that she was certain that he would come. 
Joseph raised his eyebrows and calmly asked, “How could you be sure that I would come?” 
“I wasn’t, but…” Lucille patted the nonexistent dust off her body and slowly muttered, “We’re already 
legally married. How can you not save me when I’m in peril, Mr. Joseph?” 
Essentially, she was saying that since they were working together, there was no way he wouldn’t help 
her with such a small problem. 
Lucille was well aware that after she got locked up, Howard would just take advantage of the situation 
to hit her while she was down. The only person who could protect her was Joseph. 
At the thought of that, Lucille couldn’t help but admit that being on good terms with Joseph was noveldrama
definitely something to be grateful for. It meant that she could do whatever she wanted in Shein City. 
Joseph chuckled and then raised his hand. 
Culver, who was behind him, immediately stepped forward and opened the iron gate. 
The guard at the side seemed conflicted. He whispered, “It won’t be easy for us to explain to the Carter 
family if you take her away before the situation is resolved, Mr. Joseph…” 
Joseph had the ghost of a smile on his face. He still looked as casual as before, seemingly nonchalant, 
but there was an invisible murderous aura around him that exuded a huge pressure. 
“Who does the Carter family think they are? How dare they lock up one of my people?” 
The guard’s heart skipped a beat. The expression in his eyes changed when he looked at Lucille 
again. 
The infamous abandoned daughter of the Jules family turned out to be one of Joseph’s people. 
Impressive. The Carter family, who had always acted arrogant, could no longer afford to do so. 
Joseph grabbed Lucille’s hand and led her out. 
The two of them walked side by side in the dark corridor, and the white lamp behind them cast their 
shadows. Looking at his big hand holding hers, Lucille couldn’t help but struggle. “Joseph, let go of me. 
I can walk by. myself.” 
Even though they had to act like an engaged couple on the surface, they didn’t have to hold hands 
every time…. Unexpectedly, not only did he refuse to let go of her, he even responded in a serious 
tone, “I can’t see the way 
ahead. You have to lead me.” 
Lucille was speechless. 
The corner of her mouth twitched. It was indeed a little dark there, but it was ridiculous to say that he 
couldn’t see the path in front of him. 
However, considering that he was the one who had rescued her, Lucille didn’t retort. 
When they left the detention center, the sun was shining brightly outside. 
“You can see now, right?” 
After that, Lucille was about to break free from Joseph’s hand when he coughed twice. Then, his tall 
and heavy body collapsed onto her. 
“Hey! What’s wrong with you?” 
Lucille instinctively caught hold of Joseph. Only then did she realize that his face was paler than it had 
been in the detention center earlier… 
###Chapter 67
Culver hurriedly came over from behind them to hold Joseph up. Anxiously, he said, “Mr. Joseph’s 
illness is acting up again, Mrs. Collins. Hurry, help me get him in the car!” 
“Okay.” 
Lucille and Culver managed to help the unconscious Joseph into the car. 
The back seat of the luxury car was very spacious, but it still wasn’t enough for Joseph’s tall and 
slender figure. Since he had collapsed, Lucille could only let him lean on her legs after getting into the 
car. 
The car sped all the way to the villa.. 
As Culver drove, he called the servants in the villa and hurriedly ordered, “Call Master Walton over! 
Also, don’t let the family find out, especially Madam Collins.” 
“Understood!” The servants and maids in the villa immediately did as instructed. 
In the spacious back seat, Lucille lowered her head to look at Joseph, who was resting on her lap. 
His eyelashes were very long. He had sharp eyebrows and bright eyes. His nose was straight, and his 
thin lips were sexy. No matter which angle one looked at him from, his handsome face was flawless. 
At that moment, however, his face was so pale that it was worrying. 
What kind of sickness was it? 
Lucille stretched out her hand and placed it on Joseph’s wrist. 
His pulse was extremely irregular. It was as if he had been seriously injured before, but it also seemed 
that he might have consumed some kind of bizarre potion. With the combined effects of the two, it 
seemed that his body wouldn’t be able to hold on for much longer… 
From the looks of it, the rumors in Shein City that Joseph didn’t have much time left were true. 
Lucille was lost in thought when she suddenly heard Culver, who was driving, say, “Mr. Joseph got sick 
last night, Mrs. Collins. He had recovered a little, but when he heard that you were locked up, he 
rushed over before even taking his medicine…” 
So that was what happened. 
It was no wonder that when she went out early that morning, she saw Joseph’s maids and servants 
going in and out of the villa next door. All of them looked anxious. It turned out that Joseph had fallen 
sick. 
“How long has it been since he’s had this illness?” Lucille asked. 
“About four or five years…” 
Four or five years? 
Lucille frowned. Based on her calculations, Joseph would only live for another half a year considering 
his condition. 
What a pity. 
Lucille withdrew her hand. 
Culver, who was in front of them, sighed. “Even Master Walton, with his amazing medical skills, can do 
nothing about Mr. Joseph’s illness. If we could find the mysterious Bambo there might be a glimmer of
hope…” 
Unfortunately, it had been many years since Bambo had last shown up. 
Lucille’s brows did not even twitch when she heard those words. 
Speaking of which, it was indeed possible for her to cure his disease. 
On top of that, she was probably the only one in the whole world who could cure him. 
Soon, the car steadily came to a stop in front of the villa. 
When the door was opened, Joseph’s subordinates, who had already made preparations, immediately 
took him inside. 
However, Master Walton wasn’t there yet. 
Culver was so anxious that he couldn’t help grabbing one of the subordinates’ collar and asking. 
“Where is Master Walton? Did you get someone to pick him up?” 
“We have. They’re on their way, but there’s a traffic jam. It’ll probably take at least a few minutes for 
them to arrive…” the subordinate answered. noveldrama
Culver was so anxious that he smacked his own head. He spun around twice and casually looked 
around. When he saw what Lucille was doing, he was nearly scared out of his wits. 
“Stop!” 
Despite that, it was too late. 
Lucille picked up the tools on the table that had been prepared for Master Walton and stabbed them 
into the space between Joseph’s eyebrows. 
###Chapter 68
A drop of black blood appeared. 
Lucille retracted her hand and took out a clean handkerchief to wipe the black blood away. She put the 
tools back and slowly murmured, “Everything’s fine now.” 
Her movements were light as if she was acting on a whim. She was not as serious and cautious as 
Master Walton usually was. 
How was anyone supposed to believe her after comparing the two of them? 
Culver’s breath got caught in his throat, and he was so angry that he could not speak coherently. “Miss 
Johnson! How could you do something like that so recklessly? If something bad happens to Mr. 
Joseph, will you be able to 
Before he could finish speaking, he was interrupted by Lucille. “I’m going to head back first.” 
She had just come out of the detention center and hadn’t had time to tell Molly and Madam Dahlia. She 
wondered how anxious they must have been. 
Lucille turned around and left. When she reached the door, she heard a servant outside shouting. 
“Master Walton is here!” 
A few seconds later, Master Walton hurriedly rushed over 
Lucille bumped into him at the entrance. 
“You…” Master Walton seemed to be a little surprised that she was there, but the situation was urgent 
at the moment. He didn’t ask anything and just hurried upstairs. 
Unexpectedly, Lucille suddenly piped up, “I live right next door, Master Walton.” 
Master Walton, who was in a rush, heard what she said but didn’t turn around. 
The maids stared at Lucille with odd looks in their eyes. Some of them were hostile and angry. 
After all, she was Joseph’s fiancée. Nobody knew what was going to happen to Joseph, yet Lucille 
simply turned around and went out in a carefree manner. She didn’t care about Joseph’s health at all. 
She was even in the mood to try and get on Master Walton’s good side. 
The maids lowered their heads, feeling furious. 
On the other hand, in the bedroom, Master Walton was checking Joseph’s pulse. 
As he did so, Master Walton instantly frowned. In the end, his lips began to twitch. 
This pulse… 
Seeing that Master Walton’s hands were trembling, Culver’s heart skipped a beat and his whole body 
went cold. He asked, “What’s going on, Master Walton? Is Mr. Joseph-” 
Master Walton cut him off. “Who was the one who treated Mr. Joseph just now?” 
As expected, that was the problem! 
Culver clenched his fists and suppressed his anger. “It was Mrs. Collins. She stuck one of the tools in noveldrama
between Mr. Joseph’s eyebrows, and some black blood dripped out! I knew she was bad news. She 
was trying to kill Mr. Joseph by acting so recklessly!” 
If it wasn’t for the fact that he didn’t dare to leave Joseph there, he would have chased after her and 
tied her 
1. 
Unexpectedly, once he finished speaking, Master Walton’s eyes lit up and his neck flushed with 
excitement. He asked, “Mrs. Collins? Are you talking about Lucille? Was she the one who treated Mr. 
Joseph?” 
“That’s right, Culver answered. 
“Amazing. That’s amazing! Hahaha!” Master Walton’s face was red with laughter. In the end; there 
were tears in his eyes. “I searched far and wide, but found nothing! I never thought I would come 
across an opportunity like this in my lifetime.” 
Right then, Master Walton finally understood what Lucille was trying to tell him when she vaguely said 
that she lived next door. 
It turned out that she was the legendary Bambo! 
Master Walton suddenly stood up and turned to run outside with an excited face. 
Culver quickly reacted and grabbed him. “Where are you going, Master Walton? Mr. Joseph’s 
illness…” 
“Mr. Joseph is fine. He will probably wake up in a moment. Also, you have to thank Miss Jules for 
treating him. She was able to draw out the deepest toxins in Lord Fifth’s body just like that. Even I am 
amazed by this technique!” Master Walton exclaimed. 
“Master Walton…” Culver wondered what had gotten Master Walton so worked up. He couldn’t 
understand why he was praising Lucille so abruptly, “Master Walton, you’re a professional in Shein City. 
If you can’t treat him, how could Mrs. Collins do it?” 
“You don’t understand.” 
Master Walton shook his head. 
Only those in the know would understand what was really going on. 
###Chapter 69
It was only natural that those who weren’t in the know wouldn’t understand the intricacy of it all. To 
Master Walton, however, Lucille’s work was delicate, risky, yet ingenious. It wasn’t luck, but genuinely 
shocking skill. “I don’t have time to talk right now. I need to go see my mentor.” 
Master Walton ran out in a hurry. 
Culver stood where he was. He was about to persuade him to stay when Joseph, who was lying on the 
bed, suddenly opened his eyes. 
“Are you awake, Mr. Joseph?” 
Culver approached him excitedly. It was really amazing. Whenever Joseph’s illness acted up in the 
past, he would always be unconscious for at least a day before he woke up. That day, however, he was 
only unconscious for around 20 minutes. 
It was unbelievable! 
The moment he woke up, a cold light flashed across his dark, deep eyes. The icy glare was like that of 
a sharp sword being drawn from its sheath. There was a kind of unstoppable and burning light in his 
eyes. Immediately after that, however, his sharpness gradually faded away. 
He went back to being nonchalant and casual as usual. 
Culver was rather upset by that. 
In the past, Joseph was proud and noble. He was like a blinding sun, and nobody dared to look directly 
at him. 
However, ever since he got injured that year, he could only stay in seclusion. His body had not fully 
recovered. and he could not even stay in the cold for too long… 
Culver sighed a bit, and then carefully asked, “Do you still feel unwell, Mr. Joseph?” 
Joseph’s eyes were clear. He got up from the bed and asked, “How long did I sleep?” 
“25 minutes in total.” 
Only 25 minutes? 
Joseph raised his eyebrows. “It seems that Master Walton’s medical skills have improved a lot.” 
“Mr. Joseph…” 
Culver hesitated for a few seconds. In the end, he didn’t dare to hide it and he chose to answer 
honestly. “It wasn’t Master Walton this time. I-It was Mrs. Collins.” 
Joseph was stunned. 
After listening to Culver’s story about what happened while he was unconscious, Joseph couldn’t help 
but smirk. There was a hint of amusement in his eyes, which felt like a spring breeze. 
“Looks like I’ve found a real treasure.” 
Meanwhile, in the Jules Residence… 
Master Walton was invited in and sat in the living room. 
When Madam Dahlia served him tea and water, she was respectful and even a little nervous. “Please, 
help yourself.” 
After all, he was famously skilled in Shein City. Many people wanted to be on good terms with him. 
In particular, Master Walton was a registered professor in Lucille’s school. If Master Walton were to 
accept Lucille as his disciple, then no matter what happened in the future, others would not dare to 
push their luck, all for the sake of Master Walton. 
With that in mind, Madam Dahlia wanted to put in a good word for Lucille. She considered her words noveldrama
and cautiously stated, “Please stay seated, Master Walton. Miss Jules will be here soon. She wants to 
leave a good impression on you, so she has to get herself together before coming to see you.” 
A few minutes ago, Lucille came back and went upstairs. She had only told Madam Dahlia that if any 
guests showed up, she could invite them in. 
At the time, Madam Dahlia was still overwhelmed by the good news of Lucille returning from the 
detention center safe and sound. Thus, she didn’t think about who would come to visit the Jules 
Residence. 
She didn’t expect that a guest would really show up in less than five minutes, not to mention that it was 
the one and only Master Walton. 
Master Walton tidied up his clothes and kindly replied, “No hurry. Miss Jules can take her time. I’ll wait 
as long as she wants.” 
Madam Dahlia thought she had misheard. 
Were their positions… reversed? 
Why did Master Walton seem like he was the more nervous one there? 
###Chapter 70
While Madam Dahlia was still in a state of shock, Lucille came downstairs. 
Holding the lollipop that Molly gave her, she looked laid back and relaxed. She slowly walked down the 
stairs and went to the living room. 
Madam Dahlia immediately shot her a look and said, “Hurry up and greet our guest, Miss Jules.” 
Lucille looked at Master Walton and smiled. “I’m sorry to keep you waiting.” 
“Not at all.” Master Walton had already stood up, looking a little nervous and excited at the same time. 
He opened his mouth several times, seemingly wanting to say something, but never did. 
Lucille knew what he wanted to ask, so she told Madam Dahlia, “Go ahead and get back to work, 
Madam Dahlia, I’ll talk to Master Walton alone.” 
“Okay.” Madam Dahlia nodded and then left for the courtyard to take care of the greenery. 
“Have a seat, Master Walton.” 
Lucille gestured for him to sit down. 
As soon as Master Walton sat back on the sofa, he blurted, “Are you… Bambo?” 
Lucille fiddled with the lollipop in her hand. With a faint smile, she replied, “I thought that what I did 
earlier was enough of an answer to that question.” 
The technique she had used on Joseph was a long-lost one. First, she had to stabilize the tool when 
inserting it, then reverse the tool once it was inside, and lastly, she had to accumulate her power as she 
removed the tool. It sounded easy enough, but there were only a few people who could actually do it. 
Hearing that, Master Walton was overwhelmed with joy and disbelief. 
“Y-You…” 
Who would have thought that the legendary Bambo was only a 19-year-old girl? 
No wonder she had been able to cure Mr. Dumb’s leg just by using the water-extracting skill. 
Master Walton couldn’t help but ask, “Then… Then why is it that the last time I asked you about it, you 
refused to admit your identity, but this time…” 
Lucille lowered her gaze. Her bright smile was tinged with self-mockery. “I need money, Master 
Walton.” 
Her mother’s belongings were being auctioned off at Mount Ocean House for mind-boggling prices, 
and she would not allow anyone to take them away. Therefore, no matter what it took, she had to buy 
her mother’s last DVD. 
On the other hand, Master Walton was highly respected in Shein City. There were likely many 
influential people. whom he needed to cure. If she were to treat people in his name, not only would she 
not have to expose her identity as Bambo, but she could also make a lot of money, and even help 
improve Master Walton’s reputation. 
She could kill three birds with one stone. 
Master Walton was a smart person and he could understand what Lucille’s intentions were from those 
words alone. Without beating around the bush, he stated, “In Shein City, there’s a female 
entrepreneur’s only daughter who’s suffering from an illness that keeps relapsing. Speaking of which, 
I’m ashamed that even I can’t find the cause of her illness…” 
He continued, “I promised her that I would go and have a look this afternoon. Since you don’t want to 
expose your identity, then you can come as my student, Miss Bambo. If you can cure her, there will be 
a huge treatment fee to claim.” 
“Okay.” 
Lucille agreed immediately. “Thank you, Master Walton.” 
“Don’t call me that. I can claim to be anyone’s teacher, but you’re the only one I don’t dare to show off 
in front of.” Master Walton shook his head before revealing a tinge of anticipation in his eyes. He 
asked, “Miss Bambo, the next time you treat patients, can I observe from the side and learn some of noveldrama
your techniques?” 
Master Walton rubbed his hands together, feeling a little embarrassed. 
Generally speaking, no one was willing to let others learn their own unique techniques. After all, that 
would only result in the disciple surpassing their mentor. 
Awkwardly, Master Walton corrected himself. “Actually, I think that request was a bit over the top. Just 
pretend that I didn’t say anything, Miss Bambo. Don’t take it to heart-” 
“Sure.” 
Before he could finish speaking, Lucille readily agreed. 
“If there’s anything you want to learn, I’ll teach you and tell you everything you know,” she added. 
“Really?” Master Walton’s eyes lit up, and he was extremely excited. “You’re my mentor from now on, 
Miss 
Bambo!” 
Master Walton didn’t think it was inappropriate to say that he was going to be her apprentice. 
In this field, age didn’t matter. All that mattered was one’s skill. As long as he could learn something 
from them, then that person would be his mentor. 
Lucille shook her head and replied with a subtle grin, “It’s too early to say that, Master Walton. Who 
knows? You might come to realize that there’s not much I can teach you after all. What’s more, my 
medical skills may not be as good as yours.” 
Master Walton burst into laughter. “That’s impossible!” 
###Chapter 71
He had seen many legends about Bambo and even visited the patients she had cured. Each and every 
story was miraculous 
There were many acupuncture techniques that he had never heard of or seen before. 
Since she was Bambo, no matter how difficult or complicated the disease was, there was nothing she 
couldn’t handle. 
Master Walton got up with satisfaction. After telling Lucille the address of the female entrepreneur who 
they had to perform a check-up on in the afternoon, he bid her farewell. “I will keep your identity a 
secret, Miss Bambo. I’ll get going first. See you in the afternoon.” 
With that, he left confidently with no regard as to whether Lucille responded or not. 
Lucille couldn’t help but chuckle. She shook her head and got up from the sofa. 
That wasn’t enough money. 
She had asked around and found out that the starting price in Mount Ocean House was ten million 
dollars, which meant that if she wanted to buy her mother’s CD, she had to make an insane amount of noveldrama
money. Lucille made up her mind and took her phone out of her pocket, ready to make a call. 
Right then, Molly ran downstairs with a few dolls in her arms. In confusion, she asked, “Lucille, where 
are you going?” 
“I’m going to make a call, Lucille explained as she headed for the backyard of the villa. 
“Oh Molly obediently sat on the carpet of the living room, and then lined up the dolls in her hands while 
murmuring. “This one is me, this one is Bobo, and this one is…” 
Molly was having a good time. 
Suddenly, she heard a low and magnetic voice from behind her. 
“Who is Bobo?” 
She was stunned for a moment before turning around. 
There was a slender figure standing next to a pot of butterfly palms. 
The man had sharp eyebrows and bright eyes. His gaze was playful and there was a frivolous smirk on 
his face as if he was very interested in Bobo. 
He asked again, “Who is Bobo?” 
Molly looked at him seriously for a while, and then suddenly said, “I remember you. Madam Dahlia said 
that you’re Lucille’s fiancé.” 
Joseph raised his eyebrows and did not comment. 
Then, Molly snorted. When Madam Dahlia went next door that morning to ask for Joseph’s help, she 
had also explained the meaning of the word “fiancé” to Molly. 
Molly felt sour as soon as she heard the explanation. 
How dare he steal Lucille away from her? 
Fortunately, no one else knew about that secret apart from her and Lucille. 
Molly raised her chin. She looked smug and proudly declared, “I will never tell you that Bobo is Lucille’s 
nickname. I’m the only one who knows this secret!” 
The corners of Joseph’s mouth curled up. 
“Sorry, but now I know too.” 
After that, he stepped away and walked in the direction of the backyard. 
Molly was stunned on the spot, with a blank look on her face. 
Huh? 
She didn’t seem to have said anything, but at the same time… she seemed to have revealed 
everything 
Meanwhile, in the backyard…. 
Lucille dialed Benjamin’s number. 
Before Benjamin could say a word, Lucille immediately spoke up. 
I’ll accept the task you mentioned last time.” 
###Chapter 72
“Really? That’s great. Let me tell you, Lucille. This is no ordinary mission. You have to be the one to do 
it!” Benjamin exclaimed. 
He eloquently continued, “Over the past two days, three more mercenaries have returned. One of them 
was seriously injured and ended up getting taken off the list. The task is too difficult, so the commission 
has doubled. Last time, it was 50 million. Now, it’s a hundred million.” 
“I see.” Lucille listened and asked calmly. “What’s the target?” 
“The target is a bone whistle. It is said to be an unparalleled treasure. It was found in an ancient tomb 
many years ago and is very valuable. Then, all kinds of things happened and the bone whistle fell into 
the hands of a rich businessman overseas. The businessman guards the bone whistle heavily, and no 
one knew where he’s hidden it,” Benjamin explained. 
He went on to say, “For this mission, it’s mandatory that you avoid getting into any kind of conflict with 
that businessman. You have to steal the bone whistle discreetly and send it back to the museum for the 
task to be completed. Therefore, it’s very difficult. Benjamin paused and asked, “Lucille, are you sure 
you want to take it 
on?” 
“Yes.” 
Lucille’s reply was quick and decisive. 
Benjamin suddenly laughed, and his eyes narrowed, looking rather fox-like. “In that case, I’ll do the task 
with you this time.” 
“Okay. Send me the address and information about the rich businessman. That’s it for now. I’m hanging 
up.” she said. 
When Lucille was about to hang up the phone, Benjamin suddenly shifted from his usual casual tone. 
in a deep, emotional voice, he stated, “Lucille, I’ve been your partner so many times, but I’ve always 
been Working behind the scenes. I’m really… looking forward to working side by side with you this 
time.” 
Lucille flashed a fake smile and gave him a cold reality check. “Don’t bother looking forward to it. Just 
don’t drag me down.” 
Benjamin choked before laughing so hard that his chest trembled. 
Sure enough, Lone Shadow was still the same as ever. She was still a confident, arrogant, and sharp 
girl. 
In the backyard, Lucille turned around with her phone in her hand. When she saw the tall and slender 
figure not far away, her heart skipped a beat. 
“When did you get here, Mr. Joseph?” 
Joseph raised an eyebrow and asked, “What’s wrong? Am I not welcome?” 
Lucille lowered her eyes. There was not much emotion on her face, but there was a wave of shock in 
her heart. Considering her insight and judgment, she would usually be able to notice if someone was 
behind her right away. However, she hadn’t noticed Joseph showing up at all. 
He was even more unfathomable than she had imagined. 
She was grateful that she wasn’t the type to put her phone on speaker when calling people. He 
probably wasn’t able to hear their conversation from that distance away. 
Lucille composed herself and asked, “Is something the matter?” 
“I’m here to thank my wife for saving my life.” 
She was speechless, looking up at Joseph and calmly uttering. “You haven’t fully recovered yet, so you 
don’t have to thank me. Besides, there are no outsiders here, so you don’t have to call me something 
so cheesy.” 
Just because he was willing to call her his wife when nobody was around didn’t mean that she wanted 
to hear him say it. 
Joseph took a step forward. His beautiful, jet black eyes were filled with an intoxicating tenderness. 
They were dangerous and charming. 
Lucille had a bad feeling. She decisively retreated before he could say anything. 
I’m leaving. Make yourself at home, Mr. Joseph.” 
However, before she could take even two steps forward, she heard Joseph quietly chuckling from 
behind her. 
“Bobo.” 
Lucille froze. noveldrama
It felt like those words rang around her head incessantly. There was a touch of intimacy and affection in 
it. Regardless, the problem was, how did he know…. 
Lucille was rooted to the spot. She happened to see Molly, who was standing behind the door, poking 
her head out. When she caught sight of her, Molly acted like a child who had done something wrong. 
She retracted her head guiltily and disappeared in an instant. 
Lucille was speechless. 
Could Molly be any more obvious? 
###Chapter 73
Before she could come back to her senses, a tall figure suddenly blocked her view. 
With his shadow engulfing her, his face was devilish in the backlight. 
*…Bobo?” Joseph let out a low laugh. It was as if he had recited the name many times in his heart. In 
the end, he said slowly. “What a cute nickname.” 
Lucille restrained herself and decided not to argue with him. She could only say, “You’re here to thank 
me, aren’t you? Don’t bother. Just give me some money.” 
She had treated him. Although it was not enough to remove all the remaining toxins in his body, at the 
very least, he no longer had to suffer that much. noveldrama
It was reasonable for him to pay her for the treatment. 
“Alright.” Joseph raised his brows slightly and agreed. “Coincidentally, I already had something to give 
you, so I’ll just give it to you along with the treatment fees.” 
After that, he looked back and Culver, who was standing not far away. Culver understood and 
immediately stepped forward with the items in his hands. 
There was a transfer agreement as well as a limited edition black card. 
The agreement included more than a dozen companies, all kinds of real estate, and even half of the 
shares of the Collins family. When combined, they added up to nearly half of the land in Shein City. 
Right then, her name was written on the agreement. 
Not to mention, the black card probably contained an unimaginable amount of money. 
Lucille glanced at him and asked, “What is the meaning of this?” 
That was way too much for a treatment fee. 
Joseph’s lips curled into a smile as he met Lucille’s doubtful gaze. His cheeky eyes sparkled as he 
said, “This is a betrothal gift.” 
Those words gently floated into her ears. 
Lucille was stunned for a long while. 
A betrothal gift? 
What kind of betrothal gift was that? 
Just as she was about to retort, Joseph cut her off. “Our engagement party is this Saturday, and you’re 
my fiancée. Since we’re getting married openly, it’s only natural for me to give you a betrothal gift.” 
Lucille gave him a half-smile. “Is this inclusive of our deal?” 
She emphasized the last word. 
It was simply a deal. 
Joseph had a casual grin on his face. “Bobo, since you’ve got medical knowledge, you should know 
that I won’t be able to live for long. These are betrothal gifts for you as well as the reward you deserve 
for this deal.” The implication was that if he really died one day, her title as Mrs. Collins might become a 
curse instead of a blessing. 
When the time came, the wealth and assets he had left behind could at least give her a foothold in 
Shein City. Lucille’s gaze was indifferent. To be honest, she was a little surprised. She did not expect 
Joseph to be so meticulous that he even planned a way out for her. 
Even so… 
“You won’t die.” 
Lucille continued, “I’ll take the treatment fee, but there’s no need for a betrothal gift. Also, here’s a card 
that was sent by Madam Collins. She said it was a gift to commemorate our first meeting. I’ll return it to 
you.” 
She handed over the card that Madam Collins had given her, and then ripped out one of the pages 
from the 
transfer agreement. It was probably some random shop lot or property. Either way, she didn’t take a 
close look 
at it 
“Anyway, I’ll be taking this as the treatment fee” 
Lucille shook the paper in her hand and was about to leave when she remembered something. She 
smiled and said, “I’m counting on you to help me clean up the mess, Mr. Joseph.” 
She was going to be busy for two days, so she wouldn’t be able to deal with Wayne for the time being. 
On top of that, Joseph held immense power in Shein City. He was the perfect one for the job. 
That was also one of the reasons why she was willing to cooperate with him. 
It would be a loss if she didn’t ride on his coattails when he was so influential. 
###Chapter 74
Watching Lucille’s retreating figure, Joseph’s lips curled into a smile. 
That girl was truly something. 
When she needed him, she didn’t hesitate at all. She wouldn’t be soft hearted if she could make use of 
him. However, after doing so, she would back off cleanly. She didn’t want to owe him a favor in the 
slightest. 
“We’ve found out that Wayne is in the hospital now, Mr. Joseph. His condition stabilized a long time 
ago. He just wants to convict Mrs. Collins of a serious crime, so he kept crying and whining in the 
hospital, saying that he was going to die,” Culver stated. 
He bowed and continued, “The Carter family probably won’t let this go. So far, they’ve been contacting 
a lawyer to convict Mrs. Collins. Mr. Joseph, do you need me to teach them a lesson?” 
“No need.” 
Joseph flicked off the nonexistent dust on his body. He grinned as usual, but the murderous aura 
around him did not diminish at all. “Prepare the car. We’re going to the hospital.” noveldrama
Teaching them a lesson wasn’t enough. 
Insects like them needed to be crushed to death. 
At one o’clock in the afternoon… 
Lucille arrived at the female entrepreneur’s house on time, 
Master Walton was already waiting for her there. 
When he saw her coming, he hurriedly took two steps forward and happily exclaimed, “You’re here, 
Miss Bambo!” 
Lucille hummed in response and asked, “How’s the child doing right now?” 
“Not very good. Her condition became worse last night. Apparently, aside from us, Hilda Sanders also 
spent a lot of money to hire many famous doctors in Shein City. She even said that she would give 
away half of her fortune to anyone who could save her daughter,” he replied. 
Hilda was the female entrepreneur who wanted them to treat her daughter. 
Worried that Lucille didn’t quite understand, Master Walton deliberately explained, “She’s famous for 
being a ruthless woman. Years ago, when Hilda divorced her husband, she went from having nothing 
to owning half of the entertainment industry in Shein City. It was all for the sake of getting custody of 
her daughter.” 
He added, “Apparently, Hilda gave her ex-husband a lot of money to get custody of her daughter. 
Recently, however, her daughter’s illness began to relapse. Every time it happened, she would have a 
high fever that wouldn’t go down, and her body is getting weaker and weaker. If we can’t find out the 
cause of the disease, she won’t have any hope.” 
As he spoke, he led Lucille inside. 
Soon, they were inside Hilda’s house. 
The Sanders family’s maids quickly came up to them and politely greeted them. “You’re here, Master 
Walton? We may have to trouble you to wait for a while. There is a professional upstairs treating Miss 
Evelyn. Once he treats her, Miss Evelyn’s illness will definitely be cured!” 
“A professional?” 
Master Walton was stunned for a moment. There were only a few people in the whole of Shein City 
who were that well-known. He asked, “Who is it?” 
The maid did not hide the truth. She suppressed her excitement and replied, “He’s the famous Mr. 
Bambo!” 
Master Walton was stunned into silence. He looked at Lucille subconsciously. 
Lucille was also dazed for a moment, and then she let out a laugh. 
What a bold claim. 
11. 
How dare he try to scam others using her title? 
Master Walton began, “Miss” However, he suddenly remembered that Lucille had warned him not to 
expose her identity, so he corrected himself and said, “Lucille, let’s go up and have a look.” 
“Okay” 
Lucille and Master Walton walked upstairs one after the other. 
The maids did not dare to stop them. 
Lucille had yet to enter the building when she heard the fake Bambo announce in a lofty tone, “Miss 
Sanders, your daughter will be fine once I apply this last technique!” 
###Chapter 75
Hilda shed tears of gratitude. “Thank you, Mr. Bambo. Thank you!” 
Then, they heard a sweet and pleasant voice from the side. “Madam Sanders, don’t worry. With his 
help, Evelyn will be safe and sound. God is mercifull” 
The voice turned out to be Zoey. 
Lucille frowned. 
She did not waste any more time and strode into the bedroom. 
Master Walton followed closely behind. 
When Hilda saw Lucille for the first time, she was stunned for a moment. Then, she looked at Master 
Walton behind her and asked, “Who is this?” 
Master Walton replied. “This is my student. I’ve taken her here to have a look with me.” 
‘So, you’ve taken Lucille in as your disciple, Master Walton,” Zoey piped up from beside “Bambo”. 
She looked at Lucille with her chin slightly raised, and her expression was full of pride. “Lucille, the last 
time Master Walton offered to take you in as his disciple, you refused him so directly. I didn’t expect you 
to be following him around so eagerly. Tsk, tsk.” 
Zoey shook her head and continued showing off. Im different, however. My mentor is the famous 
Bambo! I admire and respect him the most. He happened to come to Shein City and immediately took noveldrama
notice of me. He said that I was talented and took the initiative to accept me as his disciple.” 
Beside her, a middle-aged man in a white robe, who looked like a divine sage, nodded and said with a 
mysterious look on his face, “Indeed, I am Bambo!” 
Lucille was speechless. This was probably the worst experience of her life. 
Seeing that Lucille didn’t say anything. Zoey felt elated. 
Just two days ago, when Master Walton publicly declared that he would accept Lucille as his disciple, 
the entire school was in an uproar! Why was it that only Lucille had earned his favor when the entire 
school wanted to be his disciple? 
Could it be that she was the one who had treated the mute janitor? 
Lucille was not convinced. No matter what, she could not take it lying down. 
Fortunately, two nights ago, she happened to bump into the famous Bambo saving someone. With just 
a simple technique, Bambo saved a man who was covered in blood and about to die in a car accident 
Zoey had watched him in a daze. 
What was even more unexpected was that as soon as Bambo turned around and saw her, he said that 
she was talented and wanted to teach her all his medical skills. He even asked her if she was willing to 
be his only disciple! 
Zoey was overjoyed and nodded in agreement. 
How could she not agree? 
As long as she could overpower and step on Lucille, and as long as she was the center of everyone’s 
attention, she was willing to do anything! 
Zoey was ecstatic. She felt extremely proud of herself. 
She knew that the heavens were definitely on her side. 
Master Walton only cared about the patient. He stepped forward and took a deep breath when he saw 
the unconscious teenage girl on the bed. “Why is it so serious all of a sudden?” 
“I don’t know.” Hilda wiped her tears away. Her well-fitted suit and trousers were already wrinkled. The 
typically quick-witted, strong woman was simply a mother worried about her daughter at that moment. 
After worrying for so many days, her whole body was thrown into chaos, and her hair was a little 
messy. 
Lucille glanced at Hilda and then looked at Evelyn lying on the bed. 
Evelyn was about 12 or 13 years old. Right then, she was unconscious. Her face was pale, but her lips 
were black, and her thin little body trembled from time to time, 
That was a symptom of poison affecting the heart. 
Lucille quickly stepped forward and grabbed Evelyn’s wrist to feel her pulse. 
Sure enough, as Master Walton said, there was no problem with her pulse. If she had to put a name to 
it, it was just a slight fever and discomfort. Typically speaking, one would just have to use ordinary 
techniques to cure 
her. 
However, this was no regular fever. Evelyn had been poisoned! 
###Chapter 76
The vermin Evelyn was poisoned by was not aggressive, but if an improper technique was used, 
causing the vermin to feel threatened, it would immediately release a large number of toxins! 
Lucille suddenly raised her head and stared at “Bambo” with her cold eyes. She asked, “Did you use 16 
different techniques on her in one go?” 
After performing all those techniques, the vermin’s toxin was likely spread all over Evelyn’s body. 
If just one more technique was used, she would bleed from all her orifices and die. 
He wasn’t saving her. Instead, he was making it worse. 
Faced with Lucille’s question, the sagelike man snorted and said contemptuously. “Who does this girl 
think she is? How dare she question me?” 
Zoey chimed in, “Lucille, my mentor has saved countless people! He can even bring people back from 
the dead. Saving people isn’t something you should be poking your nose into. How can you come here 
and talk nonsense? Do you really think your medical skills are better than that of my mentor?” 
The anxious Hilda had an icy look on her face as well. She angrily said, “For Master Walton’s sake, I 
won’t argue with a little girl like you. Move out of the way!” 
At that moment, Hilda was venting her anger as well. 
She had a grudge against Master Walton too. 
Compared to Bambo, Master Walton was nothing. He couldn’t even find out the cause of Evelyn’s 
illness 
She knew who she was going to trust between the two of them. 
Lucille fixed her eyes on Hilda and honestly stated, “If he continues to treat your daughter, she will 
bleed from all of her orifices and die a violent death.” 
How dare you say things like that? Are you trying to curse my daughter?” Hilda immediately exploded. 
Her 
rage was through the roof. 
Lucille calmly continued, “I’m the only one who can save your daughter right now.” 
Without waiting for Hilda to speak, Zoey sneered. “Lucille, I’m not trying to pick on you just because I’m 
your older sister, but I think you should take a look at yourself. You’re just a nobody, aren’t you? Even 
Master Walton wouldn’t dare to say something like that. Even so, you dare to boast in front of my 
mentor, Bambo. What kind – of joke is this?” 
Hilda’s patience had reached its limit. She stepped forward and pushed Lucille away. Then, she 
pointed at the door and yelled, “Get lost! Go!” noveldrama
Master Walton’s face sank as well. 
What a horrible temper. 
Since it was so difficult to persuade them, then he would let them do as they wished. 
“Let’s go, Miss Bambo.” Master Walton whispered and looked at Lucille. It was obvious that he didn’t 
want her to be scolded. 
Lucille shook her head. Instead of leaving, she only retreated to the side. 
She could understand Hilda’s feelings. 
She couldn’t bear to just watch and let something bad happen to a young girl who was only 12 or 13 
years What’s more, this imposter was trying to scam people using her name and profit from it. No 
matter what, she couldn’t just sit back and do nothing. 
old. 
Without Lucille stopping him, the imposter strode forward. He first washed his hands and then grabbed 
the tools placed at the bedside. Before using them, he asked Hilda, “You said you would hand over half 
of your assets as a reward for curing your daughter. Are you going to keep your word?” 
“Yes, of course. As long as you can cure my daughter, I’m willing to give you everything, not to mention 
half of my assets!” Hilda was so on edge that her tears fell, for fear that he would go back on his word. 
The imposter seemed to be very satisfied and slowly uttered, “Behold, then. With this, I ensure that 
your daughter will be cured for good!” 
After that, he began treating her. 
Evelyn, who was lying on the bed and short of breath, stopped shaking. She lay quietly with her thin 
body. It seemed that there was nothing unusual about her except for her face. 
Hilda heaved a sigh of relief. 
The imposter had a cryptic look on his face. “See? There’s no one I can’t cure-” 
Before he could finish speaking, Evelyn suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood, which landed right on 
the imposter’s face. 
Then, she began bleeding from her nose, eyes, and ears. 
Blood was oozing from all of her orifices. 
Hilda was paralyzed and her lips kept trembling. “How could this be? Evelyn, Evelyn…” 
No matter how she shouted, Evelyn did not move at all, and the situation was much worse than before! 
###Stabdded
Stabilized
Watching Lucille's retreating figure, Joseph's lips curled into a smile.
That girl was truly something.
When she needed him, she didn't hesitate at all. She wouldn't be soft-hearted if she could make use of him. However, after doing so, she would back off cleanly. She didn't want to owe him a favor in the slightest.
"We've found out that Wayne is in the hospital now, Mr. Joseph. His condition stabilized a long time ago. He just wants to convict Mrs. Collins of a serious crime, so he kept crying and whining in the hospital, saying that he was going to die." Culver stated.
He bowed and continued, "The Carter family probably won't let this go. So far, they've been contacting a lawyer to convict Mrs. Collins. Mr. Joseph, do you need me to teach them a lesson?"
"No need."
Joseph flicked off the nonexistent dust on his body. He grinned as usual, but the murderous aura around him did not diminish at all. "Prepare the car. We're going to the hospital."
Teaching them a lesson wasn't enough.
Insects like them needed to be crushed to death.noveldrama
At one o'clock in the afternoon.....
Lucille arrived at the female entrepreneur's house on time.
Master Walton was already waiting for her there.
When he saw her coming, he hurriedly took two steps forward and happily exclaimed, "You're here, Miss Bambo!"
Lucille hummed in response and asked, "How's the child doing right now?"
"Not very good. Her condition became worse last night Apparently, aside from us, Hilda Sanders also spent a lot of money to hire many famous doctors in Shein City. She even said that she would give away half of her fortune to anyone who could save her daughter," he replied.
Hilda was the female entrepreneur who wanted them to treat her daughter.
Worried that Lucille didn't quite understand, Master Walton deliberately explained, "She's famous for being a ruthless woman. Years ago, when Hilda divorced her husband, she went from having nothing to owning half of the entertainment industry in Shein City. It was all for the sake of getting custody of her daughter."
He added, "Apparently, Hilda gave her ex-husband a lot of money to get custody of her daughter. Recently, however, her daughter's illness began to relapse. Every time it happened, she would have a high fever that wouldn't go down, and her body is getting weaker and weaker. If we can't find out the cause of the disease, she won't have any hope."
As he spoke, he led Lucille inside.
Soon, they were inside Hilda's house.
The Sanders family's maids quickly came up to them and politely greeted them. "You're here, Master Walton? We may have to trouble you to wait for a while. There is a professional upstairs treating Miss Stableed
Evelyn. Once he treats her, Miss Evelyn's illness will definitely be cured!"
"A professional?"
Master Walton was stunned for a moment. There were only a few people in the whole of Shein City who were that well-known. He asked, "Who is it?"
The maid did not hide the truth. She suppressed her excitement and replied, "He's the famous Mr. Bambo!
Master Walton was stunned into silence. He looked at Lucille subconsciously.
Lucille was also dazed for a moment, and then she let out a laugh.
What a bold claim.
How dare he try to scam others using her title?
Master Walton began, "Miss-" However, he suddenly remembered that Lucille had warned him not to expose her identity, so he corrected himself and said, "Lucille, let's go up and have a look." "Okay."
Lucille and Master Walton walked upstairs one after the other.
The maids did not dare to stop them.
Lucille had yet to enter the building when she heard the fake Bambo announce in a lofty tone, "Miss Sanders, your daughter will be fine once I apply this last technique!"
###God is Merciful
Hilda shed tears of gratitude. "Thank you, Mr. Bambo. Thank you!"
Then, they heard a sweet and pleasant voice from the side. "Mada Evelyn will be safe and sound. God is merciful!"
The voice turned out to be Zoey.
Lucille frowned.
She did not waste any more time and strode into the bedroom.
Master Walton followed closely behind.
Sanders, don't worry. With his help.
When Hilda saw Lucille for the first time, she was stunned for a moment. Then, she looked at Master Walton behind her and asked, "Who is this?"
Master Walton replied, "This is my student. I've taken her here to have a look with me."
"So, you've taken Lucille in as your disciple, Master Walton," Zoey piped up from beside "Bambo".
She looked at Lucille with her chin slightly raised, and her expression was full of pride. "Lucille, the last time Master Walton offered to take you in as his disciple, you refused him so directly. I didn't expect you to be following him around so eagerly. Tsk, tsk." Zoey shook her head and continued showing off. "I'm different, however. My mentor is the famous Bambo! I admire and respect him the most. He happened to come to Shein City and immediately took notice of me. He said that I was talented and took the initiative to accept me as his disciple."
Beside her, a middle-aged man in a white robe, who looked like a divine sage, nodded and said with a mysterious look on his face, "Indeed, I am Bambo!"
Lucille was speechless. This was probably the worst experience of her life.
Seeing that Lucille didn't say anything, Zoey felt elated,
Just two days ago, when Master Walton publicly declared that he would accept Lucille as his disciple, the entire school was in an uproar! Why was it that only Lucille had earned his favor when the entire school wanted to be his disciple? Could it be that she was the one who had treated the mute janitor?
Lucille was not convinced. No matter what, she could not take it lying down.
Fortunately, two nights ago, she happened to bump into the famous Bambo saving someone. With just a simple technique, Bambo saved a man who was covered in blood and about to die in a car accident. Zoey had watched him in a daze.
What was even more unexpected was that as soon as Bambo turned around and saw her, he said that she was talented and wanted to teach her all his medical skills. He even asked her if she was willing to be his only disciplet
Zoey was overjoyed and nodded in agreement.
How could she.not agree?
As long as she could overpower and step on Lucille, and as long as she was the center of everyone's attention, she was willing to do anything!
on was ecstatic. She felt extremely
proud of herself,
God Merciful
She knew that the heavens were definitely on her side,
Master Walton only cared about the patient. He stepped forward and took a deep breath when he saw the unconscious teenage girl on the bed. "Why is it so serious all of a sudden?"
"I don't know." Hilda wiped her tears away. Her well-fitted suit and trousers were already wrinkled. The typically quick-witted, strong woman was simply a mother worried about her daughter at that moment. After worrying for so many days, her whole body was thrown into chaos, and her hair was a little messy.
Lucille glanced at Hilda and then looked at Evelyn lying on the bed.
Evelyn was about 12 or 13 years old. Right then, she was unconscious. Her face was pale, but her lips were black, and her thin little body trembled from time to time.
That was a symptom of poison affecting the heart.
Lucille quickly stepped forward and grabbed Evelyn's wrist to feel her pulse.noveldrama
Sure enough, as Master Walton said, there was no problem with her pulse. If she had to put a name to it, it was just a slight fever and discomfort. Typically speaking, one would just have to use ordinary techniques to cure her. However, this was no regular fever. Evelyn had been poisoned!
###Die
The vermin Evelyn was poisoned by was not aggressive, but if an improper technique was used, causing the vermin to feel threatened, it would immediately release a large number of toxins!
Lucille suddenly raised her head and stared at "Bambo" with her cold eyes. She asked, "Did you use 16 different techniques on her in one go?
After performing all those techniques, the vermin's toxin was likely spread all over Evelyn's body.
If just one more technique was used; she would bleed from all her orifices and die.
He wasn't saving her. Instead, he was making it worse,
Faced with Lucille's question, the sagelike man snorted and said contemptuously, "Who does this girl think she is? How dare she question me?"
Zoey chimed in, "Lucille, my mentor has saved countless people! He can even bring people back from the dead. Saving people isn't something you should be poking your nose into. How can you come here and talk nonsense? Do you really think your medical skills are better than that of my mentor?"
The anxious Hilda had an icy look on her face as well. She angrily said, "For Master Walton's sake, I won't argue with a little girl like you. Move out of the way!"
At that moment, Hilda was venting her anger as well.
She had a grudge against Master Walton too.noveldrama
Compared to Bambo, Master Walton was nothing. He couldn't even find out the cause of Evelyn's illness. She knew who she was going to trust between the two of them.
Lucille fixed her eyes on Hilda and honestly stated, "If he continues to treat your daughter, she will bleed from all of her orifices and die a violent death."
"How dare
you say things like that? Are you trying to curse my daughter?" Hilda immediately exploded Her rage was through the roof.
Lucille calmly continued, "I'm the only one who can save your daughter right now."
Without waiting for Hilda to speak, Zoey sneered. "Lucille, I'm not trying to pick on you just because I'm your older sister, but I think you should take a look at yourself. You're just a nobody, aren't you? Even Master Walton wouldn't dare to say something like that. Even so, you dare to boast in front of my mentor, Bambo. What kind of joke is this?"
Hilda's patience had reached its limit. She stepped forward and pushed Lucille away Then, she pointed at the door and yelled, "Get lost! Go!"
Master Walton's face sank as well.
What a horrible temper.
Since it was so difficult to persuade them, then he would let them do as they wished.
Let's go, Miss Bambo." Master Walton whispered and looked at Lucille. It was obvious that he didn't want her to be scolded.
Lucille shook her head. Instead of leaving, she only retreated to the side.
She could understand Hilda's feelings.
She couldn't bear to just watch and let something bad happen to a young girl who was only 12 or 13 years
Die
old.
What's more, this imposter was trying to scam people using her name and profit from it. No matter what, she couldn't just sit back and do nothing.
G
Without Lucille stopping him, the imposter strode forward. He first washed his hands and then grabbed the tools placed at the bedside. Before using them, he asked Hilda, "You said you would hand over half of your assets as a reward for curing your daughter. Are you going to keep your word?"
"Yes, of course. As long as you can cure my daughter I'm willing to give you everything, not to mention. half of my assets!" Hilda was so on edge that her tears fell, for fear that he would go back on his word.
The imposter seemed to be very satisfied and slowly uttered, "Behold, then. With this, I ensure that your daughter will be cured for good!"
After that, he began treating her.
Evelyn, who was lying on the bed and short of breath, stopped shaking. She lay quietly with her thin body. It seemed that there was nothing unusual about her except for her face. Hilda heaved a sigh of relief.
The imposter had a cryptic look on his face. "See? There's no one I can't cure-"
Before he could finish speaking, Evelyn suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood, which landed right on the imposter's face.
Then, she began bleeding from her nose, eyes, and ears.
Blood was oozing from all of her orifices.
Hilda was paralyzed and her lips kept trembling. "How could this be? Evelyn, Evelyn..."
No matter how she shouted, Evelyn did not move at all, and the situation was much worse than before!
###Quick Treatment
Finally, Hilda seemed to have thought of something and immediately crawled over to Lucille in a panic. *Please save my daughter. I'm begging you. I'm sorry. I messed up just now. Please save my daughter. I'll even bow down to you. Sob..." she cried.. Lucille stepped forward and propped Evelyn up before quickly treating her.
She targeted her head, palms, and the soles of her feet
She moved so quickly that nobody could follow her movements.
The imposter, whose face was covered in blood, was already dumbstruck. He did not know which of his steps had gone wrong. When he saw Lucille treating Evelyn, he could not help but ask, "Didn't you say that we can't continue to treat her any further? Are you trying to take the credit for my work using some dirty tricks?"
How could an imposter like him, who almost killed a person, have the nerve to ask for credit?
Lucille's eyes were as cold as ice. She raised her head and met his eyes.
Her face was calm from beginning to end, but somehow, she was full of momentum and a bloodthirsty sharpness. She seemed like an experienced warrior on the battlefield. Her eyes were indifferent and Chilling, like a sword being unsheathed. She appeared to be unstoppable.
With her staring at him like that, the imposter shivered and then quietly backed off.
Everyone's attention was focused on Lucille.
Hilda's heart clenched. She truly wished she could be the one suffering instead of her daughter.
Master Walton, on the other hand, was fully focused on not missing any of Lucille's techniques and steps. His
gaze, which was initially relaxed, had turned into a look of surprise. In the end, his eyes lit up, as if he was thirsty for knowledge.
Once again, only those in the know would understand the intricacy of the situation.
Just by looking at her technique alone, it was enough to tell just how skilled she was.
Soon, Lucille was done. She picked up a small knife and sliced Evelyn's palm,
Hilda was frightened out of her wits. Just as she was about to rush forward and start questioning Lucille, she saw a wriggling worm emerging from Evelyn's palm...
"What is this?"
Master Walton's eyes widened.
Lucille got a cup and picked up the worm. Then, she covered it with a lid and put it aside. She remarked, It's a vermin."
"Vermin?"
Master Walton smacked his lips and exclaimed, "No wonder I didn't find anything when I took her pulse." He said, then shook his head and said with a bitter smile, "I'm an embarrassment of a doctor. I didn't expect that there would be vermin. I've learned a lot." Hilda hurried forward. "What about my daughter? How is she?"
"It's okay. She just needs to adjust, then she'll be fine," Lucille replied slowly.
Quick Treatment
Evelyn, who was on the bed, opened her eyes and shouted in a hoarse voice, "Mom..."
That word almost broke Hilda's heart.
"Evelyn! You're okay, baby. You'll be fine soon. Don't be afraid. I'm here," Hilda reassured.
Evelyn nodded weakly, then closed her eyes and fell asleep again
Hilda was filled with mixed emotions. When she looked at Lucille again, her face was full of shame and gratitude. "I'm sorry. I was too anxious just now. My words were a little harsh, and I even pushed you away. I'm really sorry." pher-
"It's okay." Lucille rolled up her sleeves and asked, "Do you have a paper and pen?" "Yes!"noveldrama
Hilda immediately got a paper and pen and respectfully presented them to Lucille with both hands.
Lucille took it and wrote down a prescription.
"She needs to take this medicine two times a day; once in the morning and once at night. She has to take the medicine for a month straight. It'll be used to remove the remaining toxins in your daughter's body and regulate her body," she explained. "Okay, I will do as you ordered." Hilda took it, then looked at the cup that the vermin was contained in and carefully inquired, "Then... What do we do with this vermin?"
"The vermin is dead. Just throw it away."
Lucille raised an eyebrow. She could tell that Hilda wanted to say something but was hesitating, so she hit the nail on the head and said, "Actually, you want to ask why there's a vermin in your daughter's body, don't you?" Who She Interacted With
###After that, she left.
As for the hundreds of thousands of dollars that the imposter had scammed her out of, she no longer wanted it back. Otherwise, she would just be embarrassing herself further if she started arguing with him After Zoey left, Master Walton looked at Hilda and asked, "What are you going to do with this imposter? "Obviously, I'm going to let the police deal with this horrible scammer," Hilda replied with hatred in her tone. "He almost killed my daughter. He's going to stay in prison!" Hilda waved her hand and asked the security guards and servants to take the imposter to the police station
Before getting into the car, the imposter didn't seem to be satisfied. He stretched his neck from the car window and asked Lucille, "Are you really just a student? How come you can find the cause of the disease at first glance when even your teacher couldn't?" Not to mention the imposter, even Hilda was a little surprised by Lucille's abilities.
However, Hilda was no ordinary person. She had established a firm foothold in Shein City single-handedly and opened more than a dozen entertainment businesses. She relied on her business-minded brain and her ability to observe others.
Based on Master Walton's attitude towards Lucille, she could roughly guess what was going on.
Lucille was such a beautiful girl, and her medical skills were definitely superior to that of Master Walton.
Hilda didn't even want to look at the imposter. She straight up asked the driver to go to the police station.
After the car drove away, the yard became quiet again.noveldrama
Hilda handed over the proof of title and deeds again. Generously, she said, "Please don't hesitate to take this, Miss Jules. If my daughter has any problems in the future, I hope I can rely on you again."
"Of course." Lucille smiled before bluntly adding, "Half of your assets is a bit over the top, though. Please take the proof of title and deeds back. I need money, 'so all I want is cash." "Okay!" Hilda agreed.
###Such a Huge Loss
Since Lucille had said so, Hilda didn't beat around the bush. Without another word, she transferred 10 million dollars into Lucille's account.
Honestly speaking, 10 million dollars was nothing compared to the proof of title for half a dozen entertainment venues as well as the deeds. After all, the monthly revenue of those businesses was way more than 10 million dollars. Hilda grinned. "It seems like I'm profiting a bit too much from this."
Lucille raised her lips. "I'm rather lazy. I can't manage so many businesses. You can just take it as us making friends with each other. I'll call you Madam Sanders in the future."
Hilda was flattered and agreed. "Of course, of course. That's wonderful. It's my honor!"noveldrama
After that, she took the initiative to exchange phone numbers with Lucille and offered, "Lucille, if you ever get the chance, you can go to any of my businesses using my name. Remember to call me. I'll personally come and welcome you." "Thank you. In that case, we'll get going first. Goodbye
Lucille smiled and turned to leave.
Master Walton followed closely behind.
On the way back to the Jules Residence, Lucille explained the process of treatment to Master Walton, as well as the method to identify the presence of vermin. Along the
the way, Master Walton couldn't help marveling.
The first thing Lucille did after arriving at the Jules Residence was to call Benjamin.
"Get ready by four o'clock in the morning. We have to take action on time," she ordered.
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
Hilda nodded.
In fact, she already had an answer in her heart, but she couldn't be certain.
Lucille stated, "It's simple. Find out who your daughter interacted with and what food she ate in the past two days before she fell ill. Then, you'll know what happened."
Hilda's expression changed slightly, and she subconsciously clenched her fists.
A few days ago, her ex-mother-in-law had failed to extort money from her. After saying a few harsh words to Hilda, she went to school to pick Evelyn up and then took Evelyn to have a meal. Since that night, Evelyn had been ill...
"I understand." Hilda took a deep breath. She looked at Lucille and said, "Thank you for saving my daughter. This is my reward for you. Please accept it, Miss Jules!"
Just as she had promised, Hilda offered half of her assets.
Therefore, what Hilda had offered was the proof of title for around half a dozen entertainment venues in Shein City as well as contracts.
It was worth at least eight million dollars.
Zoey's eyes widened. She couldn't believe it!
"Madam Sanders, don't be fooled by her! How could she be more skilled than my mentor?" she protested.. Master Walton couldn't help rolling his eyes. "You're such an idiot. How can you call him your mentor at such a critical moment? Why don't you take a look at where that mentor of yours has gone?"
With that reminder from Master Walton, everyone realized that the imposter had sneaked away at some point.
How dare he run away?
Rage was written all over Hilda's face. Just as she was about to ask her maids outside to catch the imposter, she felt a gust of wind sweep past her.
She took a closer look and saw that it was Lucille.
Lucille leaped through the window and landed steadily.
The imposter, who had escaped from the gate in a panic, was just about to breathe a sigh of relief when he saw a person blocking his path.
It was someone whom he feared from the bottom of his heart.
The girl in front of him had a cold look on her face. With a faint smile, she asked, "Where do you think you're going?"
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I won't do it again in the future. Please have mercy and let me go!" The moment the Imposter was exposed, he immediately put his hands together and begged for mercy. "Since it's my first offense and there weren't any serious consequences, please let me go!" Lucille remained unaffected and rolled up her sleeves slowly.
The imposter was so anxious that he almost cried. He kept howling, "I swear, it's my first time scamming anyone. Hilda said that as long as anyone can save her daughter, she would give half of her assets away as a reward. I happened to know a little about medicine, so I wanted to give it a try. Maybe if I got lucky, it
Who Sive Interacted With
would work out. I didn't expect that..."
Who would have thought that things would go wrong so quickly?
Lucille glanced at the imposter. Her grin turned cold. "Are you done?"
"A-Also... I shouldn't have pretended to be Bambo."
As the man spoke, he gradually straightened up again.
12/2
Loudly, he continued, "It's not like I had a choice, though. Anyway, Bambo is so mysterious, and they've never made an appearance before. I have to pretend to be Bambo for anyone to even give me the time of day! Just like the adopted daughter of the Jules family, Zoey. Not only did that silly girl immediately acknowledge me as her mentor the moment she heard I was Bambo, but she also spent a lot of money to try and butter me up. I happened to be short of money so it's not like I would just refuse free money like that..." The man kept blabbering and finding excuses for himself.
However, he didn't notice that the "silly girl" he was speaking of was right behind him. Her face changed dramatically.
Lucille glanced at the way Zoey's face was twisted in anger and asked, "How did you get her to believe you?"
"It's simple. I paid an actor 200 dollars. First, he pretended to be seriously injured in a car accident, and then I saved him. His performance was flawless, but Zoey was the only one who believed it!" he responded.
As soon as he started talking, he knew that he couldn't run away, so he simply revealed everything he had done.
He added, "I had gotten myself a huge catch. At first, I wanted to scam her and run away with some money, but this time, I got greedy. I ended up biting off more than I could chew..."
Master Walton, Hilda, and Zoey all heard everything that he said.
Zoey was red with fury.
Such a Huge Loss
At that moment, the man she had once called her mentor was calling her an idiot. It felt like a slap to her face.
Zoey clenched her fists, feeling angry and embarrassed.
This was her first time suffering such a huge loss
She had been pleased with herself, thinking that she had really become the disciple of the great Bambo. She even fantasized about surpassing Lucille in the future.
However, she didn't expect that it was all fake.
She was too desperate for a shortcut to success. She was the one who began to panic after hearing that Master Walton gave Lucille special treatment...
Otherwise, there was no way she wouldn't have been able to tell that the man was an imposter.
Zoey gave Lucille a cold look and suppressed her anger. "Fine. This time, I was stupid. I didn't even know that I was digging my own grave. Don't get cocky, though. There's still a long way to go. Just wait and see, Lucillel'
###Where He Hid it
The wealthy foreign businessman was currently residing in Tamont City. It was more than 2,000 kilometers away from Shein City, where Lucille was. It would take nearly three hours to get there by plane. Benjamin was stunned and asked, "Lucille, isn't that too late? Even if we go to Tamont City now and take action overnight, the biggest problem is that none of us know where he hid the bone whistle." "You don't have to worry about that. I have a solution, Lucille replied.
She added, "You just need to buy me a flight ticket to Tamont City, scheduled for tonight."
It was half past five in the evening right then. They had more than enough time.
Benjamin pondered for a moment and answered, "Okay, I'll get the plane tickets. I'll wait for you at the Tamont City airport. See you tonight."
"See you."
Lucille hung up the phone. She walked up the stairs to her room and locked the door.
Turning on her laptop, she received the information about the businessman that Benjamin had sent her. Target: Clement Lanes. Age: 49 years old.
Background: Billionaire businessman. Among the top 200 richest people.
Lucille skimmed through it. Eventually, her gaze landed on Clement's address. She smirked and began typing dizzyingly fast.
When she pressed confirm for the final time, she successfully invaded the system.
Meanwhile, in a luxurious villa on the outskirts of Tamont City, 2,000 kilometers away...
The rich businessman, Clement, was surrounded by hot women all around. He was drunk on pleasure. The servants standing aside were totally silent. They only came forward when they needed to pour wine for him. Other than that, they lowered their heads and preferred to be invisible.
There was ear-piercing music playing in the villa. The large living room was like a stage, with lights shining in all directions. In the middle of the dance floor, people were dancing in a provocative manner. It was filled with excitement and recklessness.
"Go ahead, dance! Anyone who dances well will get a reward!"
Clement laughed out loud, his entire body thrumming with joy.
Right then, however, the dazzling lights suddenly disappeared, and the blood-pumping song also stopped abruptly, as if everything had been cut off halfway. The whole villa suddenly went quiet.
Clement was stunned, and then shouted, "What's going on? Who stopped it? How dare you try and rain on my parade? Do you want to die?"
The servants trembled with fear, and the security guard next to her immediately went to check the system to see if there was anything wrong.
Two minutes later, the security guard rushed back and anxiously stated, "Boss, all of the villa's systems have been invaded by a hacker. We can't crack it!"noveldrama
Where He Hid II
""What?" Clement exclaimed.
He began digging his ears and chuckled out of rage. Which b*stard is so bold? Is it one of those stupid mercenaries trying to steal my bone whistle? Come on, then. I kill them!" As soon as he finished speaking..
The huge LCD screen in the villa suddenly went black, and then a line of words appeared.
It read: "At three o'clock tonight, I'm going to take the bone whistle."
Each and every word was full of arrogance.
Clement rubbed his eyes and thought that his eyes were playing tricks on him. When he was sure that someone was taunting him, he laughed and began rolling around on the sofa.
"Ah, how funny. What a lofty claim. This person must not know that six mercenaries were defeated before them! Hahaha! They're really asking for it. I've never seen someone dig their own grave like this. It's hilarious!"
Clement burst into wild laughter.
The other servants and security guards in the villa also shook their heads when they saw the words. Everyone knew that Clement had spent more than one billion dollars to build a vault just to protect the bone whistl The security inside was very tight, and all of it was filled with water. There was a guard for every layer of security, and it was impossible for an outsider to get in.
Most importantly, even though the bone whistle was hidden in the vault, it was well-concealed. No one knew its exact location except for Clement and his two trusted subordinates.
###Digging Their Own Grave
It was obvious that this was a young, whimsical mercenary. If they were going to try and steal it, then they should have just done it. Despite that, they had the gall to announce it ahead of time.
Weren't they just digging their own grave?
Just then, however, the screen flickered again. It was the same sentence as before.
"At three o'clock tonight, I'm going to take the bone whistle."
There was a hint of conceit in those words.
It was as if they were certain that they were going to get it.
It wasn't only the huge LCD screen in the living room. The rest of the computers started up on their own and the same sentence appeared on those screens as well. The TV turned on for no reason with the same sentence. Even the projector was showing those words. All the screens in the villa had been overtaken by the mysterious hacker.
Clement yelled, "Turn it off! Turn everything off!"
"We can't, Boss..." The servants tried to turn it off; but it was useless.
Clement was furious. He shouted at the big screen, "Don't f*ck around. State your name if you want us to take you seriously. Who the hell are you?"
Two words slowly appeared on the screen.
It read: "Lone Shadow".
Lone Shadow?
It was Lone Shadow?
In an instant, the whole villa was filled with gasps.
They were legendary on the mercenary rankings and were in first place on the leaderboard. They had completed hundreds of missions and never been defeated.
The guard in charge of guarding the vault was shocked and asked cautiously, "Boss, what should we do?"
"What are you talking about? I don't care about whoever this Lone Shadow is. If they dare to come, then we'll catch him! We won't let them go!" Clement was livid. "They are the first person to ever provoke me like this!" "Lone Shadow is different from other mercenaries, though. If it's really them, the bone whistle is in danger. If they really stole the bone post without anyone noticing, wouldn't we suffer a great loss?"
The guard tried his best to persuade Clement. He leaned close to Clement's ear and whispered, "Boss, I suggest that we move the bone whistle somewhere else. Even if we hide it on our bodies, it's better than nothing..." Clement was stunned before his expression relaxed a little.
No matter how arrogant he was, Clement knew deep down how famous Lone Shadow was. Lone Shadow. wouldn't have provoked him before coming if they weren't confident. Therefore, he had to be on guard.
"Move it, then." Clement inched over to his trusted subordinate's ear and murmured, "Go and hide the
-Digging Their Own Grave
bone whistle somewhere else. Remember, hide it well, and don't let anyone find it."
"Understood!" The trusted subordinate responded and quickly went to do as he was told.
1/2
Despite that, nobody knew that aside from all the screens in the villa, Lucille had also hacked into all the surveillance cameras inside and outside the building.
Therefore, Lucille was able to clearly see the surveillance footage in which Clement's confidantes moved the bone whistle and where it was hidden.
Even if she didn't know where the bone whistle was hidden before, she definitely knew right then. Lucille's lips curled into a satisfied smile. She then left the system and turned off her computer. Just then, Benjamin sent her a text message.
He said: "The flight is at eight o'clock tonight. I've sent you the flight Information. Take a look."
Lucille glanced at it and then stretched lazily.
It was still early, so she still had time to prepare.
After walking out of the bedroom, Lucille went downstairs to the living room.
There, Molly was sitting alone on the carpet and playing.
When she saw Lucille coming down, Molly tilted her head and asked, "Lucille, are you going out on a mission?
Reveal My Whereabouts
"Yes, I'm going to leave in a while. I'll be back tomorrow morning. Stay at home obediently," Lucille instructed.
Then, she glanced at the villa next door and reminded her, "Molly, remember not to reveal my whereabouts to anyone, okay?"
"Don't worry, Lucille. I understand!" Molly patted her chest and answered with a serious expression.
Lucille smiled and asked Madam Dahlia to make a simple dinner.
She finished eating right on time. Lucille returned to her room to pack up a few things and put her laptop back into her black backpack.
Upon stepping out again, she took a taxi and went straight to the airport.
The
scenery outside the car window swept by quickly.
Lucille casually glanced out of the car window and suddenly saw a familiar car and car plate.
The person sitting in the back seat was none other than Joseph!
That was the way to the airport. Could he have been heading there as well?
Lucille froze for a moment and immediately leaned back to prevent Joseph from seeing her.
Soon, the two cars got further and further away from each other.
The luxury car sped off into the distance. She couldn't even see the rear end of the car.
Lucille lowered her gaze.
At that moment, however, her phone rang.noveldrama
Lucille picked up. "Hello?"
The voice coming from the other end of the phone was trembling as if the person was filled with extreme fear. She cried and begged, "Is this Miss Jules? I'm Wayne's mother. I'm begging you, please convince Mr. Joseph to let my son go. I promise that such a thing will never happen again in the future. Please..." Wayne's mother?
The smile on Lucille's face didn't reach her eyes.
In the past, Wayne was the one who had taken the initiative to get revenge for Zoey, causing the original host to drown. Not only had the Carter family refused to admit their mistakes, but they had also used their power and influence to come up with a random excuse to bail Wayne out.
That day, Wayne had insulted Annabelle as well. After she taught him a lesson, she was locked up in jail by the Carter family. Even after she was put behind bars, the Carter family was planning to add a few
more false charges to send her to prison.
It had happened more than once.
How dare she ask them to let him go?
Lucille sneered. "I'm sorry, but I'm the type to hold grudges. I've never tried to kill someone with kindness. Instead, they should pay for what they've done."
After that, she hung up the phone and blocked that number.
Reveel My Whereabouts
2/2
Right then, there was still a long way to go until she reached the airport. On both sides of the wide highway, all the street lights were lit.
The evening sun was setting, and the streets were illuminated.
Lucille held her phone, feeling curious.
Although she had asked Joseph to help her deal with the Carter family, she didn't know what exactly he had done. Apparently, It was enough for Wayne's mother to call her and beg for mercy.
A thought flashed through Lucille's mind, but her phone rang again.
She looked down and saw that it was Joseph.
What a coincidence.
She was just about to call him.
As soon as Lucille picked up the phone, she heard his low and pleasant voice. It was like a mellow and melodious piece of music, tugging at her heartstrings.
"Bobo, I'm not going to be in Shein City for two days. Call me if you need anything. Also, don't let anyone bully you," he teased.
Lucille' fell silent.
He had called her Bobo. It seemed that he was getting closer and closer to her...
Lucille asked, "When are you coming back?"
If they were both going to be at the airport, she had to try her best to avoid him.
However, Joseph had clearly misunderstood.
He chuckled and replied in a lazy, relaxed tone, with a hint of mischief. "On Friday, probably. I'll definitely come back no matter what happens that day.
###Engagement Party
Lucille almost asked him why out of instinct.
Despite that, before she could do so, she remembered that..
Her engagement party with Joseph was on Saturday.
Over the past few days, Madam Collins had sent out invitations. The news that the two of them were going to get engaged had already spread all over Shein City.
If he was absent, she would become the biggest laughingstock in the city
That was why Joseph had stated that he would definitely make it back no matter what happened on Friday
Lucille paused for a moment before changing the subject. "Mrs. Carter called me just now. She said she hopes that I can reconcile with Wayne and convince you to let him go. By the way, I'm a little curious. What did you do to Wayne?" "Nothing much. I just gave him two choices"
Joseph spoke in a very nonchalant manner.
Culver, who was driving in front of them, thought to himself, "Mr. Joseph is telling the truth. He did indeed give Wayne two choices. However, those two choices scared Wayne out of his wits."
That day, Joseph had personally gone to the hospital at noon. Initially, he intended to teach the Carter family a lesson and make them back off.
Unexpectedly, when Joseph got to the hospital, Wayne, who was pretending to be sick in the intensive care unit, was talking on the phone and madly insulting Lucille.
Every word he said was so unpleasant that it was grating on the ears.
Joseph nearly burst into laughter.
Without another word, he kicked the door of the ward open,
The members of the Carter family in the ward were all dumbfounded. They heard Joseph slowly utter," What a filthy mouth. How about we get rid of that tongue of yours?" After that, Wayne cried for mercy.
In the end, Joseph gave them two choices. One was for Wayne's tongue to be cut off so that he would never be able to say anything filthy again. The other was for the entire Carter family to get out of Shein City. No matter which one they chose, the Carter family would be doomed.
Everything they had was in Shein City. If they were to leave, they would basically be giving up most of their assets. However, if they didn't, then Wayne would have to become mute. That was even more impossible. In the end, Joseph gave them a third option.
Wayne could apologize to Lucille and admit to all of the things he had done before.
That way, Wayne would have to admit that he had caused Lucille's drowning. It was inevitable that he would be put in jail for a few years on the charge of battery.
Culver couldn't help sighing to himself.
Engagement Party
Considering Joseph's protective nature, it essentially meant that anyone who provoked Lucille was dead
meat.
However, Joseph didn't tell Lucille any of that.
She didn't take it too seriously, either. After all, considering Joseph's power and background, it was a piece of cake for him to deal with the Carter family. Joseph could be as cruel as he wanted. "That's all, then. I'm hanging up."
Lucille ended the call. It didn't take long for the taxi to finally reach the airport.
After paying the fare, Lucille put on a hat and strode in.
Lucille blended into the crowd in the lobby where people were coming and going.
She only carried a black backpack on her back. Her long hair was loose, and the big brim of her hat covered half of her face, revealing only her delicate chin and charming lips.
Along the way, many men's eyes fell on Lucille. They checked her out, and their eyes were still shining with amazement.
Lucille completely ignored them and headed straight for the boarding gate.
Her timing was just right, so she boarded the plane right after checking in.
The ticket Benjamin bought for her was for the first class. As soon as Lucille found a seat and sat down, she sensed someone sitting next to her.noveldrama
The man made a phone call as he sat down. He was gently coaxing his girlfriend.
"I'll be back soon, Zoey. Be a good girl."
Lucille side-eyed him, her heart thumping wildly.
What a small world they lived in.
###As Her Disciple
Lucille silently pulled her hat down and closed the divider between the two seats
The first-class cabin was spacious and it was totally private With that divider, neither of them could see each other.
Samuel, who was sitting next to her, was still on the phone. He coazed Zoey gently and patiently "Yes, Zoey. I know you've been wronged. When I come hack from Tamont City, I'll find a way to help you fad the real Bambo and let her take you in as her disciple Dorit worry. Lucille will never be able to catch up with you!"
Zoey said something that caused Samuel to chuckle. In my heart, you're the nicest girl ever. Compared with you, Lucille's a total embarrassment!"
Lucille, who had been called an embarrassment, was speechless,
What was wrong with them? Why were they insulting her for no reason?
The corner of her mouth twitched. She had a cheeky urge to remove the divider so that b*stard Samuel could see that the person he was insulting was right in front of him. She wondered how funny his reaction would be.
Of course, it was just a thought.
She didn't even want to spare him a glance.
What was the point of paying attention to a pest like him?
Lucille leaned back in her seat, her eyes closed as she rested.
At that moment, she received two text messages.
They were from Benjamin.
He said: "I have an update, Lucille. Clement has made a public announcement about you hacking the villa's security systems. He's recruited a lot of security guards to guard the inside and outside of the villa." The second message read: "Also, the news that you have accepted this task has spread among the major organizations. There are many factions trying to find you now. Be careful not to expose yourself."
After Lucille finished reading the messages, she replied: "Got it."
Speaking of which, it was very likely that Samuel, who was on the same flight as her to Tamont City, was looking for Lone Shadow...
Lucille raised an eyebrow and deleted what she was typing.
Soon, the plane was about to take off. An in-flight announcement was being made. Only then did Samuel, who was sitting next to her, hang up
After fastening his seatbelt, he looked at his wristwatch. It was 7:55 p.m. The flight would take three hours, and it would be around eleven at night when they landed.
Samuel sat upright and looked around. He couldn't help but sigh to himself. He hoped that he would get lucky and successfully find Lone Shadow, the top mercenary. The plane took off.
Three hours later...
Lucille pressed down on the brim of her hat. In order to distance herself from Samuel, she carried her
backpack and quickly walked out of the jet bridge.
The airport lobby was full of people busily making their way in and out.
She had barely reached the exit when she felt someone tap her soldier before she could even make a call to Benjamin.
"Lucille."
She heard a familiar voice."
Lucille turned around and saw a pair of particularly beautiful eyes.
The man was about twenty-four or twenty-five years old, and his figure was tall and slender. There was at subtle smile on his lips, which made his earl gray eyes ook bottomless. There was also a mysterious cloudiness to his gaze. Although they had never met before, Lucille was still certain that...noveldrama
The elegant, gentlemanly person in front of her was Benjamin.
Benjamin was also known as Fox on the black market.
Lucille used to think that a cunning nickname like that didn't suit him at all, but when she saw him in person, she felt that i I was rather fitting.
"Let's go." Lucille said as she walked. "Have you prepared everything?"
Lone Shadow was the same as ever. It seemed that she wasn't curious about him at all and immediately started focusing on the task at hand.
###Modify
Benjamin put his hands in his pockets. He sighed and replied, "Everything's ready. It's all in the hotel. On Top of that, I also got the map of that rich businessman's villa. I'll give it to you after we get in the car." "Okay." They went to the underground parking lot.
When she saw Benjamin's off-road vehicle, Lucille raised an eyebrow and asked, "This car... modify it yourself?"
Did
you
"You can tell? Looks like you're an expert. Benjamin threw the car keys over to Lucille as he spoke, his face full of interest. "Why don't you try driving it, Lucille?"
"No. I'm worried that you'll get scared," she responded
Then, Lucille got into the passenger seat
Hearing her answer, Benjamin thought that it was because Lucille wasn't good at driving. Thus, when he started the car, he began lecturing her like a know-it-all "Actually, it's very simple. As long as you get familiar with how the car works and keep calm, you won't mess up most of the time."noveldrama
In order to give her some confidence, Benjamin added, "There was a racing goddess two years ago. Her driving skills were amazing! She was the one who inspired me to modify my car. You're a talented girl. Lucille. I think you could learn anything if you really set your mind to it."
Lucille lowered her head and studied the map. Dismissively, she muttered, "Yes, thank you for the compliment."
Benjamin drove away from the airport.
Twenty minutes later, the off-road vehicle arrived at the hotel.
Benjamin cast a sidelong glance at Lucille. "We're here
She was carefully studying the map in her hands, her long eyelashes casting a shadow over her eyelids. The evening breeze blew in from outside the car window, lifting a strand of hair beside her ear. Lucille came b
the car.
back to her senses and put away the map. Then, she unfastened her seat belt and got out of
They were at the best five-star hotel in Tamont City. Benjamin had booked two presidential suites. After getting the hotel card, they took the elevator to the top floor.
However, what Lucille didn't expect was that the moment she got into the elevator, Samuel and his men stepped into the hotel as well.
Meanwhile, upstairs...
Benjamin took out a bag from the room and handed it to Lucille, explaining, "Here are the things you wanted. It's not even midnight yet, so it's still early. You can rest for a while." . We'll get going in ten minutes," Lucille stated.
After that, she took the things he handed to her and went into her room.
She had asked Benjamin to prepare a set of men's clothes as well as some tools to help with her disguise.
Lucille put on a suit, tied her long hair up, and began smearing some cream on her face. After she was done with her disguise, she also put on a hat.
Modily
2/2
In the end, her reflection in the mirror was that of a handsome young man.
Her lips curled into a satisfied smile.
It took her exactly ten minutes to finish.
Lucille opened the door right on time.
When she came out, Benjamin, who was waiting for Her at the door, was stunned for a moment before laughing playfully. "Lucille, you look like such a pretty boy." She rolled her eyes at him in annoyance. She even purposely lowered her voice as she countered, "You're the one who looks like a pretty boy here." The two bantered with each other.
Unexpectedly, Samuel was in the corridor of the same floor. When he heard Lucille's voice, he subconsciously looked toward the source of the sound, However, he only saw two men pass by him. One of them had delicate features, but it was still a man. He had nothing to do with Lucille. Phew.
It was a false alarm.
Samuel subconsciously heaved a sigh of relief. He had really thought that Lucille would be shameless enough to chase him all the way to Tamont City. Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
###Into His Room
Samuel shook his head.
He had not told anyone that he was going to Tamont City. Even if Lucille wanted to follow him, she would not be able to find out where he was.
Samuel retracted his gaze and went into his room while surrounded by his subordinates. He then instructed, "Lone Shadow is currently in Tamont City. We must find him before anyone else does. Inform me immediately if there's any news." "Yes, sir!"
His men nodded respectfully and then left the hotel to investigate all around the city.
At the same time....
Lucille got into the car, fastened her seat belt, and casually remarked, "We should probably stay in a different hotel after we get back."
Benjamin joked, "Lucille, are you not satisfied with the hotel, or is it the person staying next door who you're not satisfied with?"
Obviously, he knew everything about Samuel, even though it was his first time seeing him.
Lucille's face was expressionless. "You sly fox. You know too much. That might get you in trouble."
Benjamin laughed and immediately pretended to surrender. "Sorry, sorry."
He started the car.
The modified off-road vehicle sped into the night.
While driving on the mountain road, the car sped up like an arrow being shot.
They were going fast enough to make their blood flow backward, and most people would have begun screaming.
Lucille, on the other hand, was absent-minded throughout the entire journey. She even felt a little sleepy.
20 minutes later, the car slowed down.
Amidst the quiet suburbs, a brightly lit villa stood in the wilderness. It was glorious and magnificent, like an enormous palace. Even from a distance, one could see everything clearly. There were sentry posts and guards on the inside and outside. Every five steps, there was a guard standing watch, and each of them was equipped with a communication device. Once they noticed anything abrupt or suspicious, they could transmit the
information immediately.
Benjamin clicked his tongue. "Wow. Clement really spent a lot of money.
Although he said that, there was not a trace of fear on his face. On the contrary, there was a kind of eager light in his eyes.
Lucille said, "Stop the car here. I'll sneak in."
Hearing this, Benjamin immediately understood Lucille's intentions.
Sneak in, she said.
How exactly was she going to sneak in?
Obviously, she was going to take advantage of the chaos.
He guessed that Clement was going to die of anger. In order to stop Lone Shadow, Clement had hired at least a few hundred guards to guard his villa. However, there ended up being too many guards, which gave her an opportunity. Benjamin stopped the car and parked it in the grassy wilderness.
There was no light there. It was dark and covered by weeds. Moreover, it was far away from the villa, so it wouldn't be easy for someone to notice the car.
Lucille stuffed a miniature communication device into her ear and threw the other one to Benjamin. She had not brought any weapons in self-defense. She got out of the car and muttered, "Let's go."
Her slim figure moved like a nimble cat in the night. Her movements were particularly agile as she rushed toward the brightly lit villa.noveldrama
Benjamin put on the communication device and immediately picked up the laptop beside him, ready to hack into all of the surveillance equipment in the villa.
At that moment, Lucille was 500 meters away from the villa.
She hid in the darkness and waited patiently.
Based on what Benjamin had found, the guards would switch every hour. There were only two minutes left before the next switch.
Lucille lay quietly in the grass, waiting in ambush.
Finally, she heard a slight commotion in front of him. The guards were most relaxed when i was time for them to change shifts.
The batch of guards whose shifts had ended stretched their bodies. One of them suggested, "I've been standing for so long that my waist hurts. How about we have a drink?"
Although they were in the suburbs, there was a town at the foot of the road where all kinds of food and drinks were sold.
The other guards happily agreed. "Let's go."
###Coming to Drink
The group chatted and laughed as they walked toward the town. However, when they passed by a patch of weeds, no one noticed that the guard at the back of the group suddenly fell to the ground later.
Just a few seconds later, the guard stood up again and walked in the opposite direction.
Someone noticed and asked, "Jack, aren't you coming to drink with us?"
"No."
No one would have thought that the person they thought was Jack was actually Lone Shadow, the mercenary legend that they had been guarding against all day and night.
Lucille lowered her voice to reply before walking into the villa.
At that moment, she heard Benjamin speaking to her through the communication device. "Lucille, I've hacked into their surveillance system. They haven't noticed anything unusual yet. Turn right after entering the door. There will be a door with a fingerprint lock." Lucille's expression did not change. When she was looking at the map, she had already memorized the entire layout. Even if Benjamin hadn't told her, she knew where to go.noveldrama
However, Clement had really invested in security. To think that there was a fingerprint lock for every single guard who wanted to go in and out of the premises.
Fortunately, when she knocked out the guard named Jack, she had already copied his fingerprints.
A qualified mercenary had to be careful when carrying out a mission. They had to take precautions beforehand in order to ensure that they would not fail.
Lucille put the fingerprint onto the scanner.
Beep!
The door opened.
She smoothly gained access to the villa.
Once again, she heard Benjamin's voice. "Lucille, be careful. That rich businessman is in the elevator. He's about to reach the first floor. Try not to bump into him to avoid being exposed,"
However, Lucille did not leave. In fact, she even tidied her hair in front of the mirror at the door.
For some reason, that wig was really uncomfortable to wear.
Meanwhile, in the living room of the villa, the elevator reached the first floor.
Clement walked out from within.
The guards on both sides of the elevator immediately nodded and shouted in unison, "Boss."
Lucille was looking for an opportunity as well.
Clement looked outside and asked, "Have you noticed anything?"
"No, boss. Don't worry. Everything is normal," the guard replied.
"Hmph. That's good. It's just like I said. So what if he's Lone Shadow? He's just an arrogant, ignorant kid! If he dares to come, I'll skin him alive and make him suffer. Let's see if anyone dares to challenge me again! "Clement boomed. Doma to Drink
"You're the best, boss! His subordinates all began buttering him up.
Lucille, who was blending in, didn't even flinch when she heard those words.
After Clement was done insulting Lone Shadow, he went over to the couch and sat down.
At that moment, the large clock in the control room suddenly rang with a buzzing sound. It was like an omen of death.
Clement was startled. He kept hesitating and in the end, he couldn't let go of the worries in his heart. Thus, he asked his trusted subordinate beside him, "Are you sure that it'll be safe there"
The man replied, "I'm certain. Please don't worry about it, boss."
"Well, I'm f*cking worried!"
Clement kicked him and puffed his chest in anger. "Aren't you going to hurry up and check on it? You'd better have a good look. If it's really gone, I'll never be able to show my face again!" "Yes, sir!"
His trusted subordinate immediately followed his orders and went to the vault in the basement of the
villa alone.
That was where the bone whistle was placed.
However, he did not notice that when he entered the password at the entrance of the vault, the code was seen by the surveillance camera above him.
At the same time, Benjamin spoke into the device.
"The password is 666666. In addition to that door, there are lasers in the vault, and there are guards all around. Lucille, I'm going to make a distraction to draw them away. You only have two minutes to get the bone whistle," he instructed.
###Blaring
Two minutes?
That was enough.
Lucille decisively replied, "Let's move."
The moment she finished speaking, all of the alarms for the villa's security system began blaring.
Clement, who was drinking red wine, was so shocked that he flinched, causing him to spill half of the glass.
He stood up and asked anxiously, "Is someone trying to break into the villa? Hurry, go out and see what's going on! You have to guard every inch of the villa. Don't even let a fly in!"
All the guards instantly rushed out of the villa.
The alarm was so loud that it gave them a sense of urgency. Hearing it, people couldn't help but feel a sense of panic.
Even the people in the vault could hear the alarm.
After making sure that the bone whistle was safe, Clement rushed out. However, when he got to the door, he still felt anxious, so pointed at a few guards beside him and ordered, "All of you, go and guard the basement!" "Yes, sir!"
Lucille naturally snuck into the group of guards.
As Benjamin said, the vault was full of lasers. She knew where the bone whistle was hidden, and there was already a guard standing there...
Lucille's expression did not change. However, a thin, silver needle appeared between her fingers.
As she passed by the guard, she silently sent the silver needle flying out.
The guard, who had been stabbed by the needle, collapsed to the ground. The sound of his snoring immediately pierced through the air. This snore instantly attracted the attention of the head guard.
He came over and kicked the sleeping guard awake. Then, he pointed to Lucille and asked, "What's your name?"
Lucille replied, "Jack"
She was grateful to the group of people who had gone to drink earlier. Otherwise, she wouldn't even know who she had replaced.
The man said, "Okay. Guard this. Buck up! No one is allowed to sleep!"
"Yes, sir!"
Lucille's wish had come true.
There was an upside-down bowl in the glass case next to her. It didn't seem like anything special, but Lucille knew that Clement had hidden the bone whistle under the bowl.noveldrama
She had to admit that if she hadn't found out the location in advance, it would have been impossible to find the bone whistle in the vault.
Blorind
Lucille looked at the surveillance camera above her and blinked.
Benjamin, who was looking at her through the surveillance camera, immediately understood what she was trying to say. "I'll shut down the villa's security, but they have a hacker on their side, too. I can only hold on for three seconds. Get ready!" Lucille nodded imperceptibly.
Once she heard Benjamin counting down, the lights throughout the villa all went off.
Lucille quickly opened the glass case and took the bone whistle from below the bowl, then hid it in her pocket.
Right when she was retracting her hand, the lights came back on. It was one second earlier than Benjamin had expected.
Fortunately, she was fast enough.
Benjamin breathed a sigh of relief upon seeing that.
Since she had got the bone post, she then had to get out of there safely.
Benjamin murmured, "Lucille, you have to leave as soon as possible. Otherwise, if Clement notices that the bone post is missing, he will put the whole villa under lockdown. You remember the layout, right? Now, I will try to buy you as much time as possible. Hurry up and
run!
One of the mission's requirements was that she couldn't interact with Clement directly.
However, the employer hadn't said that she couldn't run away.
Lucille blinked, indicating that she understood.
The next second, the villa fell into darkness again.
She took the opportunity to rush out.
At the same time, the alarms in the whole villa began ringing. The sprinklers above their heads were suddenly activated, causing water to rain down. All of the systems had collapsed, and there was no light in the villa, which sent everyone into chaos. Amidst the confusion, Lucille successfully escaped from the basement. She leaped through the window and slipped out of the villa. Finally, she jumped over the wall and landed on the ground steadily.
Fortunately, she had stuck to her strict training routine and never slacked off. Thus, she was able to cleanly make her escape.
###You Sc*mbags
Benjamin was already waiting nearby with a car.
Lucille rushed over and got into the passenger seat.
Benjamin immediately turned the car around and sped away.
Right then, Clement rushed out with his men after realizing what happened, but all that was left were tire marks on the road...
"Scumbags! You scumbags!"
The fact that someone had stolen the bone whistle right under his nose left him furious.
After driving all the way back to the hotel, Benjamin finally let out a sigh..
"Not bad. It went much smoother than I thought," he remarked.
The most important thing in this mission was the tacit understanding between the two of them. Lucille, who was doing the work, was decisive enough, while Benjamin, who was supporting her from the back, had acted quickly enough.
On top of that, the warning that Lucille had given to Clement had left him on edge, and she was able to take advantage of the opportunity and caught him off guard. Even though she had to consider all kinds of factors, she successfully obtained the bone whistle. Lucille took it out of her pocket. She glanced at it and tossed it to Benjamin. In a lazy voice, she said, Take this and go hand it in. Remember to transfer the commission to my account."
"It sure is a treasure. Just by looking at it, I can feel its murderous aura," Benjamin marveled.
He grabbed the bone whistle and observed it. He clicked his tongue a few times and exclaimed, "It's not like Clement is innocent, though. This bone whistle belonged to our country in the first place, He only. managed to get his hands on it because he snatched it away. We're just giving him a taste of his own medicine!"
"Remember to transfer the money. Thank you." Lucille unfastened her seat belt and got out of the car, heading straight for the hotel.
There were still a few hours before dawn, and she could still take a nap.
At the same time...
Samuel, who was waiting in the hotel for news to come, finally heard his subordinate report back. "We've found Lone Shadow, Mr. Gilbert! He's staying in this hotel as well, but we haven't found his whereabouts
yet."
"Really?"
That was good news!
Samuel was a little excited. He did not expect that the person he was looking for was so close to him Since he wanted to be a proper host, he made a prompt decision and ordered, "Go, book the presidential suite next door and prepare it for Lonely Shadow immediately." "But Mr. Gilbert, someone is already next door..." the subordinate protested.
*Kick th
them out, then!" Samuel thundered icily. "Find out Lone Shadow's room number immediately. If you
212
find it, tell me right away. I'll personally tell him to switch to the presidential suite."
That would be his first step in getting closer to Lone Shadow.
The subordinate nodded. "Yes."
Meanwhile, in the presidential sulte next door...
As soon as Lucille stepped in, she heard the doorbell ringing urgently before she could even take off the disguise on her face.
Could it be Benjamin?
Lucille walked over and opened the door.
To her surprise, the man standing in front of her was one of Samuel's trusted subordinates.
Lucille had seen him before. He had always been arrogant and conceited, much like Samuel.
""What is it?"
"Mr. Jules, right? My boss wants this room of yours. We'll give you ten times the money in compensation, so please move out immediately. A very important, distinguished guest will soon be staying here," the man explained.
As Samuel's subordinate spoke, he immediately handed a check to Lucille. It was indeed worth ten times the price, and it was incredibly generous.
He added, "My boss said that if you think this is not enough compensation, you can ask for more."
The man raised his chin arrogantly, looking Lucille up and down with undisguised disdain in his eyes. Tsk. Someone like you, who's covered in cheap stuff from head to toe, wouldn't be able to live in such an expensive room if it weren't for that pretty face of yours, right? Take the money and get out of here."
Lucille was speechless.
She was so angry that she laughed.
The clothes she was wearing were indeed cheap. She looked a little dirty after rolling in the mud during her mission, which made her look rather disheveled.
That wasn't a good reason to make fun of her, though.
Lucille crossed her arms in front of her chest and said with a faint smile, "What if I don't move?"
"That's not up to you. Do you know who my boss' guest is? If I tell you, you might just die of shock. It's Lone Shadow, the king of mercenaries!"
The subordinate continued to proudly boast, "I bet a lower class like you has never seen such a distinguished guest in your whole life!" Sensible
Lucille was stunned.
Could it be that Samuel had found her whereabouts?
That wouldn't do,
She took the check and readily stated, "Thank you. I'll move out now."
The subordinate looked at Lucille with contempt, thinking that she was scared. He immediately sneered, Looks like you're sensible after all."
Lucille returned to her room, picked up her backpack, and walked out.
As expected, it was better for her to go to another hotel.
Meanwhile, in the suite next door...
His trusted subordinate, who had completed the task, bowed to Samuel and said, "I'm done, Mr. Gilbert. Now, we just have to wait until we find Lone Shadow's room number and invite him over." "Hm."
Samuel gave a satisfied reply.
However, at that moment, another subordinate who had gone investigating rushed in and reported, 'Bad news, Mr. Gilbert! Just two minutes ago, we lost track of Lone Shadow again!"
"How did you lose track of him? Didn't you just find out that Lone Shadow was staying in this hotel?" Samuel yelled.
His expression was livid. It was already the second time. This time around, Lone Shadow was barely within his grasp. Who would have thought that they would suddenly lose track of him?
With a sad face, the man replied, "We don't know either. The only possibility is that Lonely Shadow knew we were looking for him, so he immediately moved out of this hotel..."
Hearing his subordinate's speculation, Samuel's face suddenly changed.
Could it be possible that the person next door who they had just driven out was the unpredictable Lone Shadow?
Samuel shouted, "Hurry up and find out!"
On the other hand...
Lucille was moving into a new hotel.noveldrama
While the receptionists were handling the check-in procedures, Lucille's sharp ears overheard the two female attendants sneaking glances at her from behind. They even lowered their voices and excitedly whispered, "Wow! That man is so handsome!" "Oh my god! He's so eye-catching!"
Hearing that, Lucille signed her name, and said, "Please give me my room card. Thank you."
"Oh, of course. Enjoy your stay, sir."
"Thank you."
Taking the room card, Lucille was about to get into the elevator. However, the moment she turned around
with her backpack on her back, she unexpectedly bumped into something.
To be exact, it was a person.
Lucille massaged her nose as she raised her head, and her pupils dilated rapidly.
Holy shit!
It turned out to be Joseph.
Why was he there?
Lucille's heart skipped a beat, but she realized that she was dressed like a man right then. She had a wig
on her head, makeup on her face, and was wearing a man's suit.
No matter how sharp Joseph's eyes were, he wouldn't be able to recognize her.
At the thought of that, Lucille felt a little relieved. In a gravelly voice, she muttered, "Excuse me."
Then, she brushed past Joseph and strode toward the elevator.
Lucille walked away gracefully, but she did not notice that Joseph, who was standing in the same place, raised his eyebrows. The smile on his lips seemed to have a double meaning to it.
Their collision earlier was rather soft.
Culver, who was standing to the side, asked suspiciously, "Mr. Joseph, was something wrong with that person earlier? Do you want me to check it out?*
"No need." Joseph was laid-back and casual. "It's late. Let's stay here for the night."
"Okay." Culver nodded and immediately went into nagging mode. "I already told you that your body won't be able to handle staying up late. You should have taken a rest a long time ago. Even if you want to find Lone Shadow, we can do it for you. You don't need to come here in person."
Joseph looked at the numbers flashing above the elevator from afar and turned a deaf ear to Culver's
ears.
It went to the 14th floor.
###Take a Shower
Lucille swiped her card and entered the room. The first thing she did was lock the door. Who would have thought that she would run into Joseph while trying to avold Samuel?
She rubbed her temples. Feeling a headache coming on, she went into the bathroom to remove her makeup, take a shower, and change her clothes.
The mist in the bathroom was dense.
A layer of water vapor covered the mirror in the bathroom. Lucille took off her wig and rinsed her face. Her delicate features were reflected in the mirror. Her skin was as white as snow, and her skin was smooth like cream. Lucille put on her clothes and went out. Before she fell asleep, she received a notification that the commission of 100 million was transferred into her account.
She finally had some money.
The comers of her lips curled up.
The auction at Mount Ocean House was happening that weekend.noveldrama
When the time came, she had to buy her mother's CD, She would never give anyone a chance to tarnish and humiliate Annabelle.
Lucille closed her eyes and fell asleep with a heavy heart
At six o'clock the next morning...
Lucille opened her eyes right on time.
This time, she did not change her appearance. She pulled her hat down very low and then went straight to the airport.
The journey back was surprisingly smooth.
At ten o'clock in the morning, Lucille stepped into the Jules Residence.
When Madam Dahlia saw her, she immediately smiled and asked, "Miss Jules, you must be exhausted. You haven't had breakfast yet, right? I made some porridge in the morning. Would you like some?"
Lucille explained her disappearance the night before using the excuse that she had gone to visit Master Walton, so Madam Dahlia didn't doubt her at all.
Lucille replied, "I've already eaten. Where's Molly, Madam Dahlia?"
"Miss Molly went out early in the morning. She even asked me for a sack. I don't know why, though..." Madam Dahlia murmured.
Speak of the devil, and he will come.
Molly walked in while humming. She was in a good mood.
Lucille could tell at a glance that Molly must have taken that sack to go and beat someone up.
She had probably either beaten up Wayne or Thomas. If not, then it was probably Jenny, who didn't get along with Lucille.
Sure enough...
Molly jumped happily in front of Lucille, put her hands on her hips, and said with a proud expression,
Hurry up and praise me, Lucille! I put Wayne, who bullied you and insulted your mom, into a sack and beat him up! He cried so hard that he begged me for mercy.
Lucille raised an eyebrow and asked in amusement. "What did you say in response?"
"I told him that I don't care. He just needs to be a good person in his next life!" she answered.
Madam Dahlia, who was standing by the side, was so frightened that her face turned pale. Surprisingly, Lucille was still grinning. In a calm voice, she said, "Well done."
Molly, who had received a compliment, giggled before Jumping upstairs.
After she left, Madam Dahlia couldn't help but try to persuade Lucille. "Miss Jules hitting someone is wrong no matter what. Besides, Miss Molly has a developmental disorder. What if she accidentally uses too much force? What if she ends up being the victim Instead? Will we be able to handle it if something happens?"
"That's not the case," Lucille muttered.
Her voice was very soft, like a feather, with an inexplicable sense of deterrence. "If she hit someone, then so be it. Why not?"
Madam Dahlia was slightly stunned.
Lucille added, "What's there to be afraid of? Even if the sky falls down, I'll take care of it."
On top of that, if one were to back off in the face of someone bullying them, the bully would simply take a step forward. Why should they hold back?
Madam Dahlia sighed and had no choice but to let it go. She said, "That's true."
Lucille was about to go upstairs to rest for a while when she heard someone ring the doorbell.
Madam Dahlia rushed to open the door and saw that it was the tailor, who was holding several boxes.
The tailor bowed and explained with a smile, "I've come to help Mrs. Collins try on the dresses for her engagement party."
###Stunning
When Madam Dahlia heard that, she immediately smacked her thigh. "Of course. The engagement party between Miss Jules and Mr. Joseph is coming up. She has to try on the dress in advance. Please come in. The tailors entered one after another.
All of them were dressed for the occasion. Anyone could tell that the red boxes they were carrying were heavy. Who knew how stunning the dress inside would be?
Madam Dahlia looked at Lucille and said, "Try it on, Miss Jules."
Lucille politely refused.
"Just put it there. I'll try it on tomorrow," she stated.
When she was in the old mansion of the Collins family, the tailor had already taken her measurements. Thus, the dress definitely fit her, so there was no need to try it on so eagerly.
Hearing this, the tailors did not say anything more. They set the things down gently before taking their leave.
Madam Dahlia asked, "Shall I put all of this in your bedroom, Miss Jules?"
Okay."
Lucille agreed.
The day passed in a flash.
The next morning, Lucille got up at 5:30 and started training. She started with the basics, like lifting a 5- kilogram weight, to working on her combat skills and practicing her family's traditional body training methods. She couldn't leave out a single one.
Madam Dahlia had gotten used to Lucille's daily routine, but she felt sorry that such a delicate little girl had to fall and hurt herself all the time time. Lucille was so exhausted that she was sweating, and the sight of that alone was enough to make Madam Dahlia's heart clench.
"You should call it a day, Miss Jules. Don't forget that you and Mr. Joseph are officially getting engaged today," she reminded.
"That's at night. There's no rush." Lucille wiped the sweat off her face, took a deep breath, and then continued her training. Knowing that she couldn't persuade her, Madam Dahlja simply left the backyard. She went to clean the living room.
In the corner of the garden, Molly sat on a small stool with a lollipop in her mouth. From time to time, she
would raise her arms and shout, "Go, Bobo!"
Three hours later, Lucille could no longer continue.
She slowly stopped and went back to her room to take a shower and change her clothes.
The day passed just like that.
At half past four in the afternoon, there was still an hour before the start of the engagement party.
Only then did Lucille open the red box and take out her gown.
It was a long, bare-back dress. -
The dress had a coltar. It looked dignified and grand, but when she turned around, her back was exposed, which revealed her beautiful bone structure.
She had to admit that the design was bold. It was conservative yet fresh.noveldrama
There was not much decoration on it. It was simply bright red.
However, at the hem of the dress, each thread was woven like a floating cloud.
Even Lucille could not help but marvel at the craftsmanship.
Molly, who was next to her, let out a cry and urged, "Lucille, Lucille! Put it on! Hurry!"
Lucille got changed.
The size was tailored to her, so all the curves fit her perfectly and outlined her waist in a flawless manner.
Molly circled around Lucille twice, and then looked at her-smooth back in surprise. "Lucille, the scars on your body are gone!"
Lucille gave a bland response.
"Yes."
In the past, she had a scar that was so deep that her bones could be seen. It was a terrible sight.
However, it wasn't there on her current body.
Molly's face was full of excitement. "Lucille, you're so beautiful! The dress is so pretty. It looks like you're walking on the clouds. You look even more like a fairy. You're both pretty and ethereal. As expected of Bobo! You definitely live up to your reputation as the most beautiful woman in Dilsburg-" Before she could finish, Molly realized that she had said too much and immediately covered her mouth. Lucille put on some light makeup in front of the mirror. She took out a matching accessory from the red box and put it on.
After getting ready, she turned around and said, "Okay, It's time to go."
Engagement parties in Shein City were usually held at dusk. The main party would usually begin at 5:30 in
the evening.
Lucille brought Molly down the stairs.
Madam Dahlia, who was in the living room, was pleasantly surprised when she saw Lucille coming down.
###Causing Delays
"You look amazing! So beautiful!"
Madam Dahlia was full of smiles. She added, "You should hurry up and go so that you don't cause any delays, Miss Jules. The driver who's come to pick you up is already here. It's obvious that Madam Collins likes you very much. She sent Mr. Austin to pick you up Austin?
Lucille was stunned for a moment, and then she couldn't help laughing.
She wondered what Madam Collins had used to threaten Austin. Otherwise, there was no way he would
have agreed to pick her up.
Sure enough, after Lucille walked out of the door, Austin, who was waiting beside the car, immediately raised his chin and snorted. "Don't get the wrong idea, I only came here to pick you up on Grandma's orders! Otherwise, I wouldn't have come." Hearing this, Molly was unhappy. She rolled up her sleeves and yelled, "Hey, are you trying to get beat up?"
Austin looked her up and down. When he saw her favorite little yellow duck bag on her back, which only toddlers would use, he suddenly smacked the window and laughed wildly. "Hahaha! How childish can you get? Even my niece, who's in kindergarten, wouldn't use a bag like that. Hahaha! I'm going to die of laughter."
Molly clenched her fists so tightly that there was a cracking sound,
"I'll beat you up, believe it or not!" she roared.
"Bring it on, you little brat. You don't even reach my shoulders, yet you want to beat me up?" he mocked.
The two immature people were about to get into a fight.noveldrama
Fortunately, Lucille held Molly back. She looked at Austin and asked, "Where's Joseph?"
Ever since she returned from Tamont City the day before, she hadn't seen Joseph. She had not even seen Culver.
Could it be that he was still in Tamont City?
Hearing this, Austin smirked maliciously and said, "I don't know. Maybe he ran away because he didn't want to get engaged t you."
Ran away?
Lucille raised her brows calmly.
At that moment, her phone rang. She glanced at it and then smiled slightly.
"Let's go."
Lucille got in the car and sat in the backseat. After she fastened her seat belt, she slowly ordered, "Drive."
Molly, who was sitting in the back seat as well, followed suit and ordered, "Drive!"
Austin muttered to himself, "How annoying. She's really just treating me as her chauffeur...
He stepped on the accelerator, and the modified car worth more than 20 million roared as it sped toward the center of the city.
However, something happened on the way there. When they rounded a corner, Austin's car was blocked.
Causing Delava
by a group of street racers. There were four or five cars.
"Damn it! I didn't check the schedule before going out today!" he cursed.
27. 27.
Austin hit the steering wheel, and he looked rather glum. Then he rolled down the window and said to the group of arrogant racers, "Get out of my way. I don't have time to play with you guys today. Can't you see that I have something important to do?" "What's so important?"
The group of ruffians and playboys stuck their heads out and looked into the back seat. They then laughed and said, "Is picking up pretty girls the important business you have?"
Austin was instantly enraged.
"Keep your mouth shut!"
However, they didn't take it seriously. After circling around Austin's car twice, the leader, who was a young man in all black, whistled and challenged, "You've done pretty well modifying this car. Are you brave enough to race with me, Mr. Austin?" Austin had always been a fan of racing. Unfortunately, no matter how much money he spent to modify his car, he always lost because of his poor skills. Therefore, every time that group of racers saw him, they would ridicule and make fun of them.
In the past, he might have agreed without saying a word.
Not that day, however.
It was risky for them to race.
It would be okay if he was driving alone, but he couldn't do that with two girls in the backseat.
Austin refused them without hesitation, and then drove away.
Unexpectedly, the young man in black clicked his tongue and deliberately provoked him. "Oh, are you scared? Didn't you say that you wanted to get back at me last time, Mr. Austin? I'm giving you the opportunity now. If you don't agree, then I guess you're just a coward!"
T
As he spoke, the young man in black raised his middle finger at him.
Austin gritted his teeth and his face darkened.
At this moment, they all heard a calm voice. "What are we competing for?"
###Competing For
Competing
For
It was Lucille who spoke.
She rolled down the back window and muttered, "What's the competition about?"
The young man looked in the direction of the voice, and his eyes immediately went blank.
The rest of the group followed sult, their eyes burning with passion as they stared at Lucille.
They all saw the girl who spoke in the back seat. Her delicate, otherworldly face was flawless, and her
f forehead was bright and plump. Her eyebrows were long and black. Her eyes were as clear as a spring of water, and her lips were red and rosy. At first glance, she was stunning and breathtaking.
She was like an ethereal being who had accidentally stepped into the mortal world.
Finally, the young man in black, who had provoked her came to his senses. He stared at Lucille and replied, "Racing, obviously! Do you want to get in my car, pretty girl? I'll show you the true meaning of speed and passion. I can promise that you'll have a good time!" After that, he glanced at Austin with disdain and sneered, "It's better than going with this good-for-nothing.
"You..."* Austin was so angry that he was about to get out of the car and
Surprisingly, Lucille smiled gently and asked, "What are we betting?" hit him.
"Betting..." The young man was stunned for a moment. In the past, they only ever competed for money, but it wasn't like any of them were struggling. It didn't seem to be very interesting. Thus, he simply asked, What do you think would be good to bet?" Either way, no matter what the bet was, he would not lose!
Lucille raised her eyebrows and pointed at Austin, saying, "How about this? If you lose, you'll have to call him 'Boss' whenever you see him for an entire month. If you win, he'll call you 'Boss' instead. What do you say?" 'Good idea!"
"Hahaha! Hurry up and agree, Albert!"noveldrama
As soon as Lucille finished her words, all the racers started clamoring
What an interesting thing to bet.
Just thinking about the son of the Collins family calling someone else his boss was an absolutely
hilarious idea.
However, when Austin heard that, he looked at Lucille in disbelief. He was both anxious and angry. "Why are you using me like this? I can't believe you're my sister-in-law. Whose side are you on, really? No. I don't agree! The young man, who was called Albert Stone, agreed at once. He smiled happily and said, "Okay! Let's race,
then! Looks like I'm going to become your boss!"
"Let's set some rules, then," Lucille stated.
She completely ignored Austin and continued, "This'll be the starting point. We'll drive one lap around the winding road and come back. Whoever arrives first wins. Do you have the guts?"
She was provoking him even harder.
Compiting For
Albert immediately sneered and said, "I've never lost. What do you think?"
Thus, the bet was settled.
Austin's heart had disintegrated into a pile of ash,
272
Lucille got out of the car slowly. She opened the door to the driver's seat, and said to Austin, who looked desperate, "Move."
Austin did as he was told. When he moved to the passenger seat, he suddenly came to his senses. "What do you mean? A-Are you going to drive?"
Not to mention Austin, even Albert and the other playboys were stunned. Then, they burst into earth-shattering laughter. "Hahaha! I can't stand it anymore. I'm going to die of laughter. Austin is definitely going to lose!" Albert was afraid that Lucille would go back on her word, so he kept asking, "Are you sure you want to compete with me?"
Lucille curled her lips and casually responded, "As long as you don't cry."
What an arrogant tone!
Albert was successfully provoked, and he immediately got in the car.
The lights were turned on, and the engine began to rev.
The cars lined up side by side.
The race was about to begin.
Finally, with his right-hand man declaring the start, Albert took the lead, driving away in his silver luxury
car.
In the red modified luxury car, Lucille took a sip of water slowly.
When the racers outside saw that, they laughed so hard that they rolled on the ground.
"Oh my God. Does she not know where the accelerator is?"
"Hahaha! I'm dying! What's the point of this?"
"Come on, let's not talk about it. Leave them with some dignity!"
Hearing those mocking words, Austin unexpectedly calmed down. He then turned to Lucille and said, Get out. I'll drive!"
###Hit the Gas
Hit the Gas
Since things had already come to that point, there was no point being a coward.
He just had to go for it.
Even if he was going to lose in the end, he had to try his best, didn't he?noveldrama
Austin still wanted to say something, but Lucille suddenly hit the gas. At first, she was moving 60 kilometers an hour, then increased to 100. Finally, the car was going 200 kilometers an hour. The red modified luxury car roared, leaving a cloud of dust behind.
Molly, who was sitting in the back row, Immediately fastened her seat belt and reminded Austin, "Hey, let me give you a piece of advice. You'd better fasten your seat belt and hold on!" The winding road was full of twists and turns.
Lucille drove wildly all the way. In the blink of an eye, she performed a drift perfectly.
She was so fast that they soon saw Albert's silver sports car ahead of them.
Albert was still driving slowly, intending to humiliate Austin. However, when he looked in the rearview mirror, he saw the arrogant red luxury car chasing after him at an incredible speed! "How is this possible?"
Albert was shocked and immediately sped up.
Despite that, a red flash of color brushed past his silver car, successfully surpassing it!
Albert gritted his teeth and immediately sped up
However, there was a steep cliff right ahead of them.
If they didn't slow down, it would be incredibly dangerous.
Albert sneered. If he took advantage of that situation, he would definitely be able to surpass them again."
Nonetheless, he didn't expect the arrogant red car in front of him to avoid the cliff smoothly. It turned with perfect technique, and it didn't slow down at all. Pulling off a trick like that was extremely difficult. Albert's eyes widened in disbelief.
It wasn't just him, though. Austin was shocked as well.
When he saw the steep cliff, he was so frightened that his face turned pale. He quickly yelled, "Slow
down! You're going to send us flying off the cliff if you keep going!"
However, Lucille didn't even blink. She spun the car around and got past it without a hitch.
Austin's jaw dropped. He thought he was hallucinating.
Even so, the tire marks on the ground clearly showed how skilled Lucille was.
That was what racing was really about.
It was about shocking the audience and looking cool!
Austin was dumbstruck. A few seconds later, he screamed and was so excited that he lost his mind. He shouted at Lucille with admiration, "Wow! From now on, you're my hero. You're so cool! You're the best!" Hearing that, Molly, who was sitting in the back row, took a mental note.
Hit the Gas
512
Good. Lucille gained another fan.
Lucille passed more than a dozen corners in a row, kicking up dust and approaching the finish line.
The right-hand man waiting in the same place was staring at the finish line, looking forward to it. "Albert will be here in another ten minutes, right?"
However, as soon as he finished speaking, everyone saw a flash of arrogant red.
"D*mn. Have I gone blind? Why am I seeing Austin's car come back first?"
The crowd gasped. Everyone was stunned.
"That's impossible!"
The red car spun again. This time, it showed off a 360-degree drift before steadily coming to a stop in front of them.
The flashing lights of the car revealed the shocking face of the person in the driver's seat.
It was obvious that Lucille had won.
It was an unexpected victory.
The group of playboys looked at each other in confusion.
Finally, Albert, whose face had turned pale, came back ten minutes later.
Austin raised his eyebrows and breathed a sigh of relief.
He raised his head and puffed out his chest as he walked over to Albert. He jutted his chin out and said arrogantly, "So, what should you call me?" Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
###Gossiping
Since Joseph was nowhere to be found, some of the guests began to whisper. They guessed that Joseph suddenly got cold feet and didn't want to get married, which was why he didn't show up. When Austin heard what they were saying, he immediately became anxious. "This won't do. I have to go look for him."
He had been taking pleasure in Lucille's misfortune earller, but when he saw people gossiping about her right then, he was the first one to react.
Madam Louisa was a little surprised,
What happened on the way? Why had Austin changed so much?
Austin was fired up and wanted to drive so he could go looking for Joseph right away.
Lucille didn't stop him. All she did was lightly question, "Do you know where to find him?"
Austin shook his head and replied truthfully, "No."
"Then let's wait and see. He should be here soon."
As Lucille spoke, she cast a cold glance at the darkening sky.
Before leaving the Jules Residence, she received a message from Joseph saying that he was on the plane and that he would definitely arrive in time.
There were still 10 minutes left.
What was the rush?
Lucille walked towards the wedding hall at a relaxed pace.
The large banquet hall was full of flowers. It could be seen that everything had been painstakingly arranged. The entire hall was luxurious and full of an incomparably romantic aura.
Molly, who was following behind her, cried out and said without thinking, "It's so beautiful here, Lucille! Madam Dahlia said this is a wedding banquet, and that only people with husbands get to have one. In that case, I have to find a husband in the future, too!" Lucille almost choked to death.
"Ahem, ahem."
She stroked Molly's head and said with a smile, "You're still young. Take your time."
"Okay!"
Molly nodded vigorously.
The banquet hall was full of guests, and the sound of music flowed through the air.
When Lucille stepped into the banquet hall in her red dress, she attracted everyone's attention.
Under the dazzling light, her posture was calm and unhurried. Every move she made was naturally noble and elegant, without any awkwardness.
Her long, swan-like neck was extremely slender, and her whole body seemed to be shining like a diamond. Her cascading long hair was tied into a simple bun, and there was only a single hairpin holding it in place. Aside from that, there were no other accessories on her head, but she was still the perfect picture of
Glossning
poise and grace..noveldrama
Lucille's face was already beautiful enough. Even if she hadn't put on any makeup, she would still be able to outshine everything. However, the fact that she had put on light makeup that day only enhanced her looks even further.
All eyes were on her.
"She's so pretty."
"How can you beat a face like that?"
"I think Fiona, the daughter of the Melling family, won't be able to keep her title as the prettiest girl in Shein City from today onward. No matter how beautiful Miss Melling is, she's a bit forgettable, unlike Lucille. Every inch of her skin is drawing me in!" "Hey, look at that dress. Doesn't it look like a puffy cloud?"
"What a wonderful design. Apparently, this dress was hand-sewn by an ingenious tailor. Of course, it would look elegant on anyone else, but when it comes to Lucille, it looks like she's practically walking on the clouds! It's amazing. Madam Collins really loves her granddaughter-in-law!"
The o
guests exclaimed one after another, and the scene soon became lively.
Lucille ignored them and walked straight toward Madam Collins.
"Grandma," she greeted.
"Hello. You look so beautiful. As expected of my granddaughter-in-law!" Madam Collins smiled, her eyes curving into crescents. She looked kind and friendly, without any arrogance. It made people feel very comfortable around her. Lucille grinned. Under Madam Collins' lead, she greeted the other elders of the Collins family. In just two or three minutes, she had received seven or eight gifts, all of which were bank cards.
It had to be said that the Collins family was successful, so they were very generous.
Lucille smiled and chatted. No matter what the elders asked her, she could answer them all without any
fear.
Despite that, she could also sense that ever since she entered the banquet hall, there were two unkind gazes fixed on her back like vicious snakes. They did not shift away for even a moment....
###Not Surprised
Lucille looked back.
Unexpectedly, she met Zoey's gaze.
Besides that, there was also a 17- or 18-year-old girl who was staring at her fiercely.
It was Joanne Gilbert, Samuel's younger sister.
Lucille was not surprised to see the two of them together.
Ever since the original host got engaged to Samuel, Joanne had never liked her. On the contrary, she had always been close to Zoey.
To be honest, Joanne was the one who had added fuel to the fire in regard to Samuel and Zoey getting together so shamelessly.noveldrama
Since her marriage with Samuel had been canceled, she had nothing to do with him. She had no idea why Joanne, who had been spoiled since she was a child, was still so hostile toward her. Joanne was probably crazy.
Of course, the best way to irritate those who didn't like her was to ignore them and smile as they watched.
Therefore, Lucille smiled lightly. The moment she revealed her smile, her beauty was earth-shattering and soul-stirring. She was like a blooming flower. There was no end to her stunning looks.
Many of the young men who had been watching Lucille's every move blushed instantly. They quickly lowered their heads to hide their embarrassment.
In the guest seats, Joanne was so angry that she almost flipped the table.
"I knew this b*tch was up to no good. Look at her, Zoey This b*tch is seducing all the men!" she thundered.
"I know, I know. Don't be angry." Jiang sat stopped Joanne and murmured, "Keep your voice down. Don't make too much noise. This is the Collins family's territory. If anything really happens, we won't be able to handle the consequences." "I'm not scared! I can't stand seeing that b*tch act so arrogant!" Joanne retorted.
She was fuming. Obviously, she was throwing another tantrum.
Lucille tried to persuade her gently, "Joanne, I know you're angry, but think about it. Lucille is attached to the Collins family. I don't have to tell you how powerful the Collins family is, do I? She's their distinguished daughter-in-law now!" "So what? That b*tch used to bully you, Zoey. Aren't you jealous? Don't you want to take revenge on her? Besides, Joseph hasn't shown up yet. Who knows if she'll actually become their daughter-in-law?" Joanne insisted. "You're right..." Lucille sighed and worriedly stated, "I also heard that the younger son of the Collins family, Austin, doesn't seem to like Lucille being his sister-in-law. It seems that Lucille's going to have it hard in the future." "Hmph. Joanne snorted.
She pursed her lips and said, "Let's not talk about the future. I hope that she will have a hard time now!"
After that, Joanne seemed to think of something. Her eyes lit up, and then she suddenly stood up and
said, "I have an ideal"
The enemy of their enemy was their friend, after all.
Since Austin disliked Lucille so much, she might be able to rope him into their plans. Wouldn't it be easier for her to teach Lucille a lesson in the future?
She had made up her mind.
Joanne ran away in a hurry, and Zoey couldn't hold her back.
When Joanne's figure disappeared completely, Lucille sat back in her chair, picked up the tea in front of her, and took a sip.
In the living room behind the banquet hall, Austin pacing around anxiously.
"Where are you, Joseph? I can't even call you. The party is about to begin..."
He held his phone and muttered back and forth. Suddenly, he heard some noise behind him.
Austin looked back and saw a girl of about 17 or 18 years old running toward him through the lawn. She shouted to him as if they were very close to each other. "You probably know who I am, Austin. My name is Joanne Gilbert." "I have no idea who you are."
###Digging Their Own Grave
It was obvious that this was a young, whimsical mercenary. If they were going to try and steal it, then they should have just done it. Despite that, they had the gall to announce it ahead of time.
Weren't they just digging their own grave?
Just then, however, the screen flickered again. It was the same sentence as before.
"At three o'clock tonight, I'm going to take the bone whistle."
There was a hint of conceit in those words.
It was as if they were certain that they were going to get it.
It wasn't only the huge LCD screen in the living room. The rest of the computers started up on their own and the same sentence appeared on those screens as well. The TV turned on for no reason with the same sentence. Even the projector was showing those words. All the screens in the villa had been overtaken by the mysterious hacker.
Clement yelled, "Turn it off! Turn everything off!"
"We can't, Boss..." The servants tried to turn it off, but it was useless.
Clement was furious. He shouted at the big screen, "Don't f*ck around. State your name if you want us to take you seriously. Who the hell are you?
Two words slowly appeared on the screen.
It read: "Lone Shadow".
Lone Shadow?
It was Lone Shadow?
In an instant, the whole villa was filled with gasps.
They were legendary on the mercenary rankings and were in first place on
Diag of Ther Own Grave
the leaderboard. They had completed hundreds of missions been defeated.
and never
The guard in charge of guarding the vault was shocked and asked cautiously, "Boss, what should we do?"
"What are you talking about? I don't care about whoever this Lone Shadow is. If they dare to come, then we'll catch him! We won't let them go!" Clement was livid. "They are the first person to ever provoke me like this!" "Lone Shadow is different from other mercenaries, though. If it's really them, the bone whistle is in danger. If they really stole the bone post without anyone noticing, wouldn't we suffer a great loss?"
The guard tried his best to persuade Clement. He leaned close to Clement's ear and whispered, "Boss, I suggest that we move the bone whistle somewhere else. Even if we hide it on our bodies, it's better than nothing..." Clement was stunned before his expression relaxed a little.
No matter how arrogant he was, Clement knew deep down how famous Lone Shadow was. Lone Shadow wouldn't have provoked him before coming if they weren't confident. Therefore, he had to be on guard.
"Move it, then." Clement inched over to his trusted subordinate's ear and murmured, "Go and hide the bone whistle somewhere else. Remember, hide it well, and don't let anyone find it.
"Understood!" The trusted subordinate responded and quickly went to do as he was told.
Despite that, nobody knew that aside from all the screens in the villa, Lucille had also hacked into all the surveillance cameras inside and outside the building.noveldrama
Therefore, Lucille was able to clearly see the surveillance footage in which Clement's confidantes moved the bone whistle and where it was hidden. Even if she didn't know where the bone whistle was hidden before, she
Digging Their Own Grive
definitely knew right then.
Lucille's lips curled into a satisfied smile. She then left the system and turned off her computer.
Just then, Benjamin sent her a text message.
He said: "The flight is at eight o'clock tonight. I've sent you the flight information. Take a look."
Lucille glanced at it and then stretched lazily.
It was still early, so she still had time to prepare.
After walking out of the bedroom, Lucille went downstairs to the living
room.
There, Molly was sitting alone on the carpet and playing.
When she saw Lucille coming down, Molly tilted her head and asked, " Lucille, are you going out on a mission?"
###Reveal My Whereabouts
"Yes, I'm going to leave in a while. I'll be back tomorrow morning. Stay at home obediently," Lucille instructed.
Then, she glanced at the villa next door and reminded her, "Molly,
remember not to reveal my whereabouts to anyone, okay?"
"Don't worry, Lucille. I understand!" Molly patted her chest and answered. with a serious expression.
Lucille smiled and asked Madam Dahlia to make a simple dinner.
She finished eating right on time. Lucille returned to her room to pack up a few things and put her laptop back into her black backpack.
Upon stepping out again, she took a taxi and went straight to the airport.
The scenery outside the car window swept by quickly.
Lucille casually glanced out of the car window and suddenly saw a
familiar car and car plate.
The person sitting in the back seat was none other than Joseph!
That was the way to the airport. Could he have been heading there as well?
Lucille froze for a moment and immediately leaned back to prevent
Joseph from seeing her.
Soon, the two cars got further and further away from each other.
The luxury car sped off into the distance. She couldn't even see the rear. end of the car.
Lucille lowered her gaze.
At that moment, however, her phone rang.
Lucille picked up. "Hello?"
The voice coming from the other end of the phone was trembling as if the person was filled with extreme fear. She cried and begged, "Is this Miss Reveal My Whereabouts
Jules? I'm Wayne's mother. I'm begging you, please convince Mr. Joseph. to let my son go. I promise that such a thing will never happen again in the future. Please..." Wayne's mother?
The smile on Lucille's face didn't reach her eyes.
In the past, Wayne was the one who had taken the initiative to get revenge for Zoey, causing the original host to drown. Not only had the Carter family refused to admit their mistakes, but they had also used their power and influence to come up with a random excuse to bail Wayne out.
That day, Wayne had insulted Annabelle as well. After she taught him at lesson, she was locked up in jail by the Carter family. Even after she was put behind bars, the Carter family was planning to add a few more false charges to send her to prison.
It had happened more than once.
How dare she ask them to let him go?
Lucille sneered. "I'm sorry, but I'm the type to hold grudges. I've never tried, to kill someone with kindness. Instead, they should pay for what they've done."
After that, she hung up the phone and blocked that number.
Right then, there was still a long way to go until she reached the airport. On both sides of the wide highway, all the street lights were lit.
The evening sun was setting, and the streets were illuminated.
Lucille held her phone, feeling curious.
Although she had asked Joseph to help her deal with the Carter family, she didn't know what exactly he had done. Apparently, it was enough for Wayne's mother to call her and beg for mercy.
A thought flashed through Lucille's mind, but her phone rang again.
She looked down and saw that it was Joseph.
What a coincidence.
She was just about to call him.
As soon as Lucille picked up the phone, she heard his low and pleasant voice. It was like a mellow and melodious piece of music, tugging at her heartstrings.
"Bobo, I'm not going to be in Shein City for two days. Call me if you need. anything. Also, don't let anyone bully you," he teased.
Lucille fell silent.
He had called her Bobo. It seemed that he was getting closer and closer to
her...
Lucille asked, "When are you coming back?"
If they were both going to be at the airport, she had to try her best to avoid him.noveldrama
However, Joseph had clearly misunderstood.
He chuckled and replied in a lazy, relaxed tone, with a hint of mischief. "On Friday, probably. I'll definitely come back no matter what happens that day.
###Engagement Party
Lucille almost asked him why out of instinct.
Despite that, before she could do so, she remembered that...
Her engagement party with Joseph was on Saturday.
Over the past few days, Madam Collins had sent out invitations. The news that the two of them were going to get engaged had already spread all over Shein City.
If he was absent, she would become the biggest laughingstock in the city.
That was why Joseph had stated that he would definitely make it back no matter what happened on Friday.
Lucille paused for a moment before changing the subject. "Mrs. Carter called me just now. She said she hopes that I can reconcile with Wayne and convince you to let him go. By the way, I'm a little curious. What did you do to Wayne?" "Nothing much. I just gave him two choices."
Joseph spoke in a very nonchalant manner.
Culver, who was driving in front of them, thought to himself, "Mr. Joseph is telling the truth. He did indeed give Wayne two choices. However, those two choices scared Wayne out of his wits."
That day, Joseph had personally gone to the hospital at noon. Initially, he intended to teach the Carter family a lesson and make them back off.
Unexpectedly, when Joseph got to the hospital, Wayne, who was
pretending to be sick in the intensive care unit, was talking on the phone. and madly insulting Lucille.
Every word he said was so unpleasant that it was grating on the ears.
Joseph nearly burst into laughter.
Without another word, he kicked the door of the ward open.
Engagement Party
The members of the Carter family in the ward were all dumbfounded. They heard Joseph slowly utter, "What a filthy mouth. How about we get rid of that tongue of yours?" After that, Wayne cried for mercy.
In the end, Joseph gave them two choices. One was for Wayne's tongue to be cut off so that he would never be able to say anything filthy again. The other was for the entire Carter family to get out of Shein City. No matter which one they chose, the Carter family would be doomed.
Everything they had was in Shein City. If they were to leave, they would basically be giving up most of their assets. However, if they didn't, then Wayne would have to become mute. That was even more impossible. In the end, Joseph gave them a third option.noveldrama
Wayne could apologize to Lucille and admit to all of the things he had
done before.
That way, Wayne would have to admit that he had caused Lucille's drowning. It was inevitable that he would be put in jail for a few years on the charge of battery.
Culver couldn't help sighing to himself.
Considering Joseph's protective nature, it essentially meant that anyone. who provoked Lucille was dead meat.
However, Joseph didn't tell Lucille any of that.
She didn't take it too seriously, either. After all, considering Joseph's power and background, it was a piece of cake for him to deal with the Carter family. Joseph could be as cruel as he wanted. "That's all, then. I'm hanging up."
Lucille ended the call. It didn't take long for the taxi to finally reach the airport.
After paying the fare, Lucille put on a hat and strode in.
Ennaghiment Party
Lucille blended into the crowd in the lobby where people were coming and
going.
She only carried a black backpack on her back. Her long hair was loose, and the big brim of her hat covered half of her face, revealing only her delicate chin and charming lips..
Along the way, many men's eyes fell on Lucille. They checked her out, and their eyes were still shining with amazement.
Lucille completely ignored them and headed straight for the boarding gate. Her timing was just right, so she boarded the plane right after checking in. The ticket Benjamin bought for her was for the first class. As soon as Lucille found a seat and sat down, she sensed someone sitting next to her.
The man made a phone call as he sat down. He was gently coaxing his girlfriend.
"I'll be back soon, Zoey. Be a good girl.
Lucille side-eyed him, her heart thumping wildly.
What a small world they lived in.
It turned out to be... Samuel!
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###As Her Disciple
Lucille silently pulled her hat down and closed the divider between the two
seats.
The first-class cabin was spacious and it was totally private. With that divider, neither of them could see each other.
Samuel, who was sitting next to her, was still on the phone. He coaxed Zoey gently and patiently. "Yes, Zoey. I know you've been wronged. When I come back from Tamont City, I'll find a way to help you find the real Bambo and let her take you in as her disciple. Don't worry. Lucille will never be able to catch up with you!"
Zoey said something that caused Samuel to chuckle. "In my heart, you're the nicest girl ever. Compared with you, Lucille's a total embarrassment !"
Lucille, who had been called an embarrassment, was speechless.
What was wrong with them? Why were they insulting her for no reason?
The corner of her mouth twitched. She had a cheeky urge to remove the divider so that b*stard Samuel could see that the person he was insulting was right in front of him. She wondered how funny his reaction would be.
Of course, it was just a thought.
She didn't even want to spare him a glance.
What was the point of paying attention to a pest like him?
Lucille leaned back in her seat, her eyes closed as she rested..
At that moment, she received two text messages.
They were from Benjamin.
He said: "I have an update, Lucille. Clement has made a public-announcement about you hacking the villa's security systems. He's
recruited a lot of security guards to guard the inside and outside of the villa."
Astor Deeple
The second message read: "Also, the news that you have accepted this task has spread among the major organizations. There are many factions. trying to find you now. Be careful not to expose yourself." After Lucille finished reading the messages, she replied: "Got it."
Speaking of which, it was very likely that Samuel, who was on the same flight as her to Tamont City, was looking for Lone Shadow....noveldrama
Lucille raised an eyebrow and deleted what she was typing.
Soon, the plane was about to take off. An in-flight announcement was being made. Only then did Samuel, who was sitting next to her, hang up.
After fastening his seatbelt, he looked at his wristwatch. It was 7:55 p.m. The flight would take three hours, and it would be around eleven at night when they landed.
Samuel sat upright and looked around. He couldn't help but sigh to himself. He hoped that he would get lucky and successfully find Lone Shadow, the top mercenary. The plane took off.
Three hours later...
Lucille pressed down on the brim of her hat. In order to distance herself from Samuel, she carried her backpack and quickly walked out of the jet bridge.
The airport lobby was full of people busily making their way in and out.
She had barely reached the exit when she felt someone tap her soldier before she could even make a call to Benjamin.
"Lucille."
She heard a familiar voice.
Lucille turned around and saw a pair of particularly beautiful eyes.
The man was about twenty-four or twenty-five years old, and his figure was tall and slender. There was a subtle smile on his lips, which made his As He Disciple
earl gray eyes look bottomless. There was also a mysterious cloudiness to his gaze.
Although they had never met before, Lucille was still certain that....
The elegant, gentlemanly person in front of her was Benjamin.
Benjamin was also known as Fox on the black market.
Lucille used to think that a cunning nickname like that didn't suit him at all, but when she saw him in person, she felt that t was rather fitting. "Let's go," Lucille said as she walked. "Have you prepared everything?"
Lone Shadow was the same as ever. It seemed that she wasn't curious about him at all and immediately started focusing on the task at hand.
###Modify
Benjamin put his hands in his pockets. He sighed and replied, "Everything's ready. It's all in the hotel. On top of that, I also got the map of that rich businessman's villa. I'll give it to you after we get in the car." "Okay."
They went to the underground parking lot.
When she saw Benjamin's off-road vehicle, Lucille raised an eyebrow and asked, "This car... Did you modify it yourself?"
"You can tell? Looks like you're an expert." Benjamin threw the car keys over to Lucille as he spoke, his face full of interest. "Why don't you try driving it, Lucille?"
"No. I'm worried that you'll get scared," she responded.
Then, Lucille got into the passenger seat.
Hearing her answer, Benjamin thought that it was because Lucille wasn't good at driving. Thus, when he started the car, he began lecturing her like a know-it-all. "Actually, it's very simple. As long as you get familiar with how the car works and keep calm, you won't mess up most of the time."
In order to give her some confidence, Benjamin added, "There was a racing goddess two years ago. Her driving skills were amazing! She was the one who inspired me to modify my car. You're a talented girl, Lucille. I think you could learn anything if you really set your mind to it."
Lucille lowered her head and studied the map. Dismissively, she muttered, "Yes, thank you for the compliment."
Benjamin drove away from the airport.
Twenty minutes later, the off-road vehicle arrived at the hotel..
Benjamin cast a sidelong glance at Lucille. "We're here."
She was carefully studying the map in her hands, her long eyelashes
casting a shadow over her eyelids. The evening breeze blew in from outside the car window, lifting a strand of hair beside her ear.
Lucille came back to her senses and put away the map. Then, she unfastened her seat belt and got out of the car.noveldrama
They were at the best five-star hotel in Tamont City. Benjamin had booked two presidential suites. After getting the hotel card, they took the elevator to the top floor.
However, what Lucille didn't expect was that the moment she got into the elevator, Samuel and his men stepped into the hotel as well.
Meanwhile, upstairs...
Benjamin took out a bag from the room and handed it to Lucille, explaining, "Here are the things you wanted. It's not even midnight yet, so it's still early. You can rest for a while." "No. We'll get going in ten minutes," Lucille stated.
After that, she took the things he handed to her and went into her room,
She had asked Benjamin to prepare a set of men's clothes as well as some tools to help with her disguise.
Lucille put on a suit, tied her long hair up, and began smearing some cream on her face. After she was done with her disguise, she also put on a
hat.
In the end, her reflection in the mirror was that of a handsome young man.
Her lips curled into a satisfied smile.
It took her exactly ten minutes to finish,
Lucille opened the door right on time.
When she came out, Benjamin, who was waiting for her at the door, was stunned for a moment before laughing playfully. "Lucille, you look like such a pretty boy."
She rolled her eyes at him in annoyance. She even purposely lowered her voice as she countered, "You're the one who looks like a pretty boy here." Mouily'
The two bantered with each other.
Unexpectedly, Samuel was in the corridor of the same floor. When he
heard Lucille's voice, he subconsciously looked toward the source of the
sound.
However, he only saw two men pass by him. One of them had delicate features, but it was still a man. He had nothing to do with Lucille. Phew.
It was a false alarm.
as
Samuel subconsciously heaved a sigh of relief. He had really thought that Lucille would be shameless enough to chase him all the way to Tamont City.
###Into His Room
Samuel shook his head.
He had not told anyone that he was going to Tamont City. Even if Lucille wanted to follow him, she would not be able to find out where he was.
Samuel retracted his gaze and went into his room while surrounded by his subordinates. He then instructed, "Lone Shadow is currently in Tamont City. We must find him before anyone else does. Inform me immediately if there's any news." "Yes, sir!"
His men nodded respectfully and then left the hotel to investigate all around the city.
At the same time...
Lucille got into the car, fastened her seat belt, and casually remarked, "We should probably stay in a different hotel after we get back."
Benjamin joked, "Lucille, are you not satisfied with the hotel, or is it the person staying next door who you're not satisfied with?"
Obviously, he knew everything about Samuel, even though it was his first time seeing him.
Lucille's face was expressionless. "You sly fox. You know too much. That might get you in trouble."
Benjamin laughed and immediately pretended to surrender. "Sorry, sorry."
He started the car.
The modified off-road vehicle sped into the night.
While driving on the mountain road, the car sped up like an arrow being shot.noveldrama
They were going fast enough to make their blood flow backward, and most people would have begun screaming.
Lucille, on the other hand, was absent-minded throughout the entire journey. She even felt a little sleepy.
20 minutes later, the car slowed down.
Amidst the quiet suburbs, a brightly lit villa stood in the wilderness. It was
like
glorious and magnificent, like an enormous palace. Even from a distance, one could see everything clearly. There were sentry posts and guards on the inside and outside.
Every five steps, there was a guard standing watch, and each of them was equipped with a communication device. Once they noticed anything abrupt or suspicious, they could transmit the information immediately. Benjamin clicked his tongue. "Wow. Clement really spent a lot of money."
Although he said that, there was not a trace of fear on his face. On the contrary, there was a kind of eager light in his eyes.
Lucille said, "Stop the car here. I'll sneak in."
Hearing this, Benjamin immediately understood Lucille's intentions.
Sneak in, she said.
How exactly was she going to sneak in?
Obviously, she was going to take advantage of the chaos.
He guessed that Clement was going to die of anger. In order to stop Lone Shadow, Clement had hired at least a few hundred guards to guard his villa. However, there ended up being too many guards, which gave her an opportunity. Benjamin stopped the car and parked it in the grassy wilderness.
There was no light there. It was dark and covered by weeds. Moreover, it was far away from the villa, so it wouldn't be easy for someone to notice the car.
Lucille stuffed a miniature communication device into her ear and threw the other one to Benjamin. She had not brought any weapons in self-defense. She got out of the car and muttered, "Let's go."
Her slim figure moved like a nimble cat in the night. Her movements were particularly agile as she rushed toward the brightly lit villa.
Benjamin put on the communication device and immediately picked up the laptop beside him, ready to hack into all of the surveillance equipment in the villa.
At that moment, Lucille was 500 meters away from the villa.
She hid in the darkness and waited patiently.
Based on what Benjamin had found, the guards would switch every hour. There were only two minutes left before the next switch.
Lucille lay quietly in the grass, waiting in ambush.
Finally, she heard a slight commotion in front of him. The guards were most relaxed when it was time for them to change shifts.
The batch of guards whose shifts had ended stretched their bodies. One of them suggested, "I've been standing for so long that my waist hurts. How about we have a drink?"
Although they were in the suburbs, there was a town at the foot of the road where all kinds of food and drinks were sold.
The other guards happily agreed. "Let's go."
###Coming to Drink
The group chatted and laughed as they walked toward the town. However, when they passed by a patch of weeds, no one noticed that the guard at the back of the group suddenly fell to the ground later.
Just a few seconds later, the guard stood up again and walked in the opposite direction.
Someone noticed and asked, "Jack, aren't you coming to drink with us?"
"No."
No one would have thought that the person they thought was Jack was. actually Lone Shadow, the mercenary legend that they had been guarding against all day and night..
Lucille lowered her voice to reply before walking into the villa.
At that moment, she heard Benjamin speaking to her through the communication device. "Lucille, I've hacked into their surveillance system. They haven't noticed anything unusual yet. Turn right after entering the door. There will be a door with a fingerprint lock." Lucille's expression did not change. When she was looking at the map, she had already memorized the entire layout. Even if Benjamin hadn't told her, she knew where to go.
However, Clement had really invested in security. To think that there was at fingerprint lock for every single guard who wanted to go in and out of the
premises.
Fortunately, when she knocked out the guard named Jack, she had already copied his fingerprints.
A qualified mercenary had to be careful when carrying out a mission. They had to take precautions beforehand in order to ensure that they would not fail.
Lucille put the fingerprint onto the scanner.
Coming to Bank.
23
Beep!
The door opened.
She smoothly gained access to the villa.
Once again, she heard Benjamin's voice. "Lucille, be careful. That rich businessman is in the elevator. He's about to reach the first floor. Try not to bump into him to avoid being exposed." However, Lucille did not leave. In fact, she even tidied her hair in front of
the mirror at the door.
For some reason, that wig was really uncomfortable to wear.
Meanwhile, in the living room of the villa, the elevator reached the first
floor.
Clement walked out from within.
The guards on both sides of the elevator immediately nodded and shouted in unison, "Boss."
Lucille was looking for an opportunity as well.
Clement looked outside and asked, "Have you noticed anything?"
"No, boss. Don't worry. Everything is normal," the guard replied.
"Hmph. That's good. It's just like I said. So what if he's Lone Shadow? He's just an arrogant, ignorant kid! If he dares to come, I'll skin him alive and make him suffer. Let's see if anyone dares to challenge me again!" Clement boomed.
""You're the best, boss!" His subordinates all began buttering him up..
Lucille, who was blending in, didn't even flinch when she heard those
words.
After Clement was done insulting Lone Shadow, he went over to the couch. and sat down.
At that moment, the large clock in the control room suddenly rang with a buzzing sound. It was like an omen of death.
Como to Drink
Clement was startled. He kept hesitating and in the end, he couldn't let go. of the worries in his heart. Thus, he asked his trusted subordinate beside him, "Are you sure that it'll be safe there" The man replied, "I'm certain. Please don't worry about it, boss."
"Well, I'm f*cking worried!"
Clement kicked him and puffed his chest in anger. "Aren't you going to hurry up and check on it? You'd better have a good look. If it's really gone, I'll never be able to show my face again!" "Yes, sir!"
His trusted subordinate immediately followed his orders and went to the vault in the basement of the villa alone.
That was where the bone whistle was placed.
However, he did not notice that when he entered the password at the entrance of the vault, the code was seen by the surveillance camera above
him.
At the same time, Benjamin spoke into the device.
"The password is 666666. In addition to that door, there are lasers in the vault, and there are guards all around. Lucille, I'm going to make a distraction to draw them away. You only have two minutes to get the bone whistle," he instructed. Blaring
Two minutes?
That was enough.
Lucille decisively replied, "Let's move."
The moment she finished speaking, all of the alarms for the villa's security system began blaring.
Clement, who was drinking red wine, was so shocked that he flinched, causing him to spill half of the glass.
He stood up and asked anxiously, "Is someone trying to break into the villa? Hurry, go out and see what's going on! You have to guard every inch of the villa. Don't even let a fly in!"
All the guards instantly rushed out of the villa.
The alarm was so loud that it gave them a sense of urgency. Hearing it, people couldn't help but feel a sense of panic.
Even the people in the vault could hear the alarm.
After making sure that the bone whistle was safe, Clement rushed out. However, when he got to the door, he still felt anxious, so pointed at a few guards beside him and ordered, "All of you, go and guard the basement!" "Yes, sir!"
Lucille naturally snuck into the group of guards.
As Benjamin said, the vault was full of lasers. She knew where the bone. whistle was hidden, and there was already a guard standing there...
Lucille's expression did not change. However, a thin, silver needle appeared between her fingers.
As she passed by the guard, she silently sent the silver needle flying out.
The guard, who had been stabbed by the needle, collapsed to the ground.
Elant
The sound of his snoring immediately pierced through the air.
This snore instantly attracted the attention of the head guard.
He came over and kicked the sleeping guard awake. Then, he pointed to Lucille and asked, "What's your name?
Lucille replied, "Jack."
She was grateful to the group of people who had gone to drink earlier. Otherwise, she wouldn't even know who she had replaced.
The man said, "Okay. Guard this. Buck up! No one is allowed to sleep!"
"Yes, sir!"
Lucille's wish had come true.
There was an upside-down bowl in the glass case next to her. It didn't seem like anything special, but Lucille knew that Clement had hidden the bone whistle under the bowl.
She had to admit that if she hadn't found out the location in advance, it would have been impossible to find the bone whistle in the vault.
Lucille looked at the surveillance camera above her and blinked.
Benjamin, who was looking at her through the surveillance camera, immediately understood what she was trying to say. "I'll shut down the villa's security, but they have a hacker on their side, too. I can only hold on for three seconds. Get ready!" Lucille nodded imperceptibly.
Once she heard Benjamin counting down, the lights throughout the villa all went off.
Lucille quickly opened the glass case and took the bone whistle from below the bowl, then hid it in her pocket.
Right when she was retracting her hand, the lights came back on. It was one second earlier than Benjamin had expected.
Fortunately, she was fast enough.
Blatin
Benjamin breathed a sigh of relief upon seeing that.
Since she had got the bone post, she then had to get out of there safely.noveldrama
run!
Benjamin murmured, "Lucille, you have to leave as soon as possible. Otherwise, if Clement notices that the bone post is missing, he will put the whole villa under lockdown. You remember the layout, right? Now, I will try to buy you as much time as possible. Hurry up and
One of the mission's requirements was that she couldn't interact with Clement directly.
However, the employer hadn't said that she couldn't run away.
Lucille blinked, indicating that she understood.
The next second, the villa fell into darkness again.
She took the opportunity to rush out.
At the same time, the alarms in the whole villa began ringing. The sprinklers above their heads were suddenly activated, causing water to rain down. All of the systems had collapsed, and there was no light in the villa, which sent everyone into chaos. Amidst the confusion, Lucille successfully escaped from the basement. She leaped through the window and slipped out of the villa. Finally, she jumped over the wall and landed on the ground steadily.
Fortunately, she had stuck to her strict training routine and never slacked off. Thus, she was able to cleanly make her escape.
###You Sc*mbags
Benjamin was already waiting nearby with a car.
Lucille rushed over and got into the passenger seat.
Benjamin immediately turned the car around and sped away.
Right then, Clement rushed out with his men after realizing what happened, but all that was left were tire marks on the road...
"Scumbags! You scumbags!"
The fact that someone had stolen the bone whistle right under his nose. left him furious.noveldrama
After driving all the way back to the hotel, Benjamin finally let out a sigh.
"Not bad. It went much smoother than I thought," he remarked.
The most important thing in this mission was the tacit understanding between the two of them. Lucille, who was doing the work, was decisive
enough, while Benjamin, who was supporting her from the back, had acted quickly enough.
On top of that, the warning that Lucille had given to Clement had left him on edge, and she was able to take advantage of the opportunity and caught him off guard. Even though she had to consider all kinds of factors, she successfully obtained the bone whistle. Lucille took it out of her pocket. She glanced at it and tossed it to
Benjamin. In a lazy voice, she said, "Take this and go hand it in. Remember to transfer the commission to my account."
"It sure is a treasure. Just by looking at it, I can feel its murderous aura," Benjamin marveled.
He grabbed the bone whistle and observed it. He clicked his tongue a few times and exclaimed, "It's not like Clement is innocent, though. This bone
24
whistle belonged to our country in the first place. He only managed to get his hands on it because he snatched it away. We're just giving him a taste of his own medicine!"
"Remember to transfer the money. Thank you." Lucille unfastened her seat. belt and got out of the car, heading straight for the hotel.
There were still a few hours before dawn, and she could still take a nap.
At the same time...
Samuel, who was waiting in the hotel for news to come, finally heard his subordinate report back. "We've found Lone Shadow, Mr. Gilbert! He's staying in this hotel as well, but we haven't found his whereabouts yet." "Really?"
That was good news!
Samuel was a little excited. He did not expect that the person he was looking for was so close to him. Since he wanted to be a proper host, he made a prompt decision and ordered, "Go, book the presidential suite next door and prepare it for Lonely Shadow immediately." "But Mr. Gilbert, someone is already next door..." the subordinate
protested.
"Kick them out, then!" Samuel thundered icily. "Find out Lone Shadow's room number immediately. If you find it, tell me right away. I'll personally tell him to switch to the presidential suite."
That would be his first step in getting closer to Lone Shadow.
The subordinate nodded. "Yes."
Meanwhile, in the presidential suite next door...
As soon as Lucille stepped in, she heard the doorbell ringing urgently
before she could even take off the disguise on her face.
Could it be Benjamin?
Lucille walked over and opened the door.
You Sembagi
To her surprise, the man standing in front of her was one of Samuel's
trusted subordinates.
Lucille had seen him before. He had always been arrogant and conceited, much like Samuel.
"What is it?"
"Mr. Jules, right? My boss wants this room of yours. We'll give you ten times the money in compensation, so please move out immediately. A very important, distinguished guest will soon be staying here," the man explained.
As Samuel's subordinate spoke, he immediately handed a check to Lucille. It was indeed worth ten times the price, and it was incredibly generous.
He added, "My boss said that if you think this is not enough compensation, you can ask for more."
The man raised his chin arrogantly, looking Lucille up and down with undisguised disdain in his eyes. "Tsk. Someone like you, who's covered in cheap stuff from head to toe, wouldn't be able to live in such an expensive room if it weren't for that pretty face of yours, right? Take the money and
get out of here."
Lucille was speechless.
She was so angry that she laughed.
The clothes she was wearing were indeed cheap. She looked a little dirty after rolling in the mud during her mission, which made her look rather disheveled.
That wasn't a good reason to make fun of her, though.
Lucille crossed her arms in front of her chest and said with a faint smile,"
What if I don't move?"
"That's not up to you. Do you know who my boss' guest is? If I tell you, you might just die of shock. It's Lone Shadow, the king of mercenaries!" The subordinate continued to proudly boast, "I bet a lower class like you
You Sembags
has never seen such a distinguished guest in your whole life!"
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###Sensible
Lucille was stunned.
Could it be that Samuel had found her whereabouts?
That wouldn't do.
She took the check and readily stated, "Thank you. I'll move out now."
The subordinate looked at Lucille with contempt, thinking that she was scared. He immediately sneered, "Looks like you're sensible after all."
Lucille returned to her room, picked up her backpack, and walked out.
As expected, it was better for her to go to another hotel.
Meanwhile, in the suite next door....
His trusted subordinate, who had completed the task, bowed to Samuel and said, "I'm done, Mr. Gilbert. Now, we just have to wait until we find Lone Shadow's room number and invite him over." "Hm."
Samuel gave a satisfied reply.
However, at that moment, another subordinate who had gone
investigating rushed in and reported, "Bad news, Mr. Gilbert! Just two minutes ago, we lost track of Lone Shadow again!"
"How did you lose track of him? Didn't you just find out that Lone Shadow. was staying in this hotel?" Samuel yelled.
His expression was livid. It was already the second time. This time around, Lone Shadow was barely within his grasp. Who would have thought that they would suddenly lose track of him?
With a sad face, the man replied, "We don't know either. The only possibility is that Lonely Shadow knew we were looking for him, so he immediately moved out of this hotel..."
Sense
Hearing his subordinate's speculation, Samuel's face suddenly changed.
Could it be possible that the person next door who they had just driven out was the unpredictable Lone Shadow?
Samuel shouted, "Hurry up and find out!"
On the other hand...
Lucille was moving into a new hotel.
While the receptionists were handling the check-in procedures, Lucille's sharp ears overheard the two female attendants sneaking glances at her from behind. They even lowered their voices and excitedly whispered," Wow! That man is so handsome!" "Oh my god! He's so eye-catching!"
Hearing that, Lucille signed her name and said, "Please give me my room card. Thank you."
"Oh, of course. Enjoy your stay, sir."
"Thank you."
Taking the room card, Lucille was about to get into the elevator. However, the moment she turned around with her backpack on her back, she unexpectedly bumped into something.noveldrama
To be exact, it was a person.
Lucille massaged her nose as she raised her head, and her pupils dilated rapidly. Holy sh*t!
It turned out to be Joseph.
Why was he there?
Lucille's heart skipped a beat, but she realized that she was dressed like a man right then. She had a wig on her head, makeup on her face, and was wearing a man's suit. Sensible
WI
No matter how sharp Joseph's eyes were, he wouldn't be able to recognize her.
At the thought of that, Lucille felt a little relieved. In a gravelly voice, she muttered, "Excuse me."
Then, she brushed past Joseph and strode toward the elevator.
Lucille walked away gracefully, but she did not notice that Joseph, who was standing in the same place, raised his eyebrows. The smile on his lips seemed to have a double meaning to it. Their collision earlier was rather soft.
Culver, who was standing to the side, asked suspiciously, "Mr. Joseph, was something wrong with that person earlier? Do you want me to check it out?"
"No need." Joseph was laid-back and casual. "It's late. Let's stay here for the night."
"Okay." Culver nodded and immediately went into nagging mode. "I already told you that your body won't be able to handle staying up late. You should have taken a rest a long time ago. Even if you want to find Lone Shadow, we can do it for you. You don't need to come here in person."
Joseph looked at the numbers flashing above the elevator from afar and turned a deaf ear to Culver's ears.
It went to the 14th floor.
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###Take a Shower
Lucille swiped her card and entered the room. The first thing she did was lock the door. Who would have thought that she would run into Joseph while trying to avoid Samuel?
She rubbed her temples. Feeling a headache coming on, she went into the bathroom to remove her makeup, take a shower, and change her clothes.
The mist in the bathroom was dense.
A layer of water vapor covered the mirror in the bathroom. Lucille took off her wig and rinsed her face. Her delicate features were reflected in the mirror. Her skin was as white as snow, and her skin was smooth like cream.
Lucille put on her clothes and went out. Before she fell asleep, she received a notification that the commission of 100 million was transferred
into her account.
She finally had some money.
The corners of her lips curled up.
The auction at Mount Ocean House was happening that weekend.
When the time came, she had to buy her mother's CD. She would never
give anyone a chance to tarnish and humiliate Annabelle.
Lucille closed her eyes and fell asleep with a heavy heart.
At six o'clock the next morning...
Lucille opened her eyes right on time.
This time, she did not change her appearance. She pulled her hat down
very low and then went straight to the airport.
The journey back was surprisingly smooth.
Take Shower
23
At ten o'clock in the morning, Lucille stepped into the Jules Residence.
When Madam Dahlia saw her, she immediately smiled and asked, "Miss Jules, you must be exhausted. You haven't had breakfast yet, right? I made some porridge in the morning. Would you like some?"
Lucille explained her disappearance the night before using the excuse that she had gone to visit Master Walton, so Madam Dahlia didn't doubt her at
all.
Lucille replied, "I've already eaten. Where's Molly, Madam Dahlia?"
"Miss Molly went out early in the morning. She even asked me for a sack. I don't know why, though..." Madam Dahlia murmured.
Speak of the devil, and he will come.
Molly walked in while humming. She was in a good mood.
Lucille could tell at a glance that Molly must have taken that sack to go and beat someone up.
She had probably either beaten up Wayne or Thomas. If not, then it was, probably Jenny, who didn't get along with Lucille.
Sure enough...noveldrama
Molly jumped happily in front of Lucille, put her hands on her hips, and said. with a proud expression, "Hurry up and praise me, Lucille! I put Wayne, who bullied you and insulted your mom, into a sack and beat him up! He cried so hard that he begged me for mercy." Lucille raised an eyebrow and asked in amusement, "What did you say in
response?"
"I told him that I don't care. He just needs to be a good person in his next
life!" she answered.
Madam Dahlia, who was standing by the side, was so frightened that her face turned pale.
Surprisingly, Lucille was still grinning. In a calm voice, she said, "Well done.
Molly, who had received a compliment, giggled before jumping upstairs.
After she left, Madam Dahlia couldn't help but try to persuade Lucille." Miss Jules hitting someone is wrong no matter what. Besides, Miss Molly has a developmental disorder. What if she accidentally uses too much force? What if she ends up being the victim instead? Will we be able to handle it if something happens?"
"That's not the case," Lucille muttered.
Her voice was very soft, like a feather, with an inexplicable sense of deterrence. "If she hit someone, then so be it. Why not?"
Madam Dahlia was slightly stunned.
Lucille added, "What's there to be afraid of? Even if the sky falls down, I'll take care of it."
On top of that, if one were to back off in the face of someone bullying them, the bully would simply take a step forward. Why should they hold back?
Madam Dahlia sighed and had no choice but to let it go. She said, "That's
true."
Lucille was about to go upstairs to rest for a while when she heard
someone ring the doorbell.
Madam Dahlia rushed to open the door and saw that it was the tailor, who was holding several boxes.
The tailor bowed and explained with a smile, "I've come to help Mrs. Collins try on the dresses for her engagement party."
###Stunning
When Madam Dahlia heard that, she immediately smacked her thigh. "Of course. The engagement party between Miss Jules and Mr. Joseph is coming up. She has to try on the dress in advance. Please come in." The tailors entered one after another.
All of them were dressed for the occasion. Anyone could tell that the red boxes they were carrying were heavy. Who knew how stunning the dress. inside would be?
Madam Dahlia looked at Lucille and said, "Try it on, Miss Jules."
Lucille politely refused.
"Just put it there. I'll try it on tomorrow," she stated.
When she was in the old mansion of the Collins family, the tailor had already taken her measurements. Thus, the dress definitely fit her, so
there was no need to try it on so eagerly.
Hearing this, the tailors did not say anything more. They set the things. down gently before taking their leave.
Madam Dahlia asked, "Shall I put all of this in your bedroom, Miss Jules?"
"Okay."
Lucille agreed.
The day passed in a flash.
The next morning, Lucille got up at 5:30 and started training. She started with the basics, like lifting a 5-kilogram weight, to working on her combat skills and practicing her family's traditional body training methods. Shel couldn't leave out a single one. Madam Dahlia had gotten used to Lucille's daily routine, but she felt sorry that such a delicate little girl had to fall and hurt herself all the time time. Lucille was so exhausted that she was sweating, and the sight of that
alone was enough to make Madam Dahlia's heart clench.
"You should call it a day, Miss Jules. Don't forget that you and Mr. Joseph are officially getting engaged today," she reminded.
"That's at night. There's no rush." Lucille wiped the sweat off her face, took a deep breath, and then continued her training.
Knowing that she couldn't persuade her, Madam Dahlia simply left the backyard. She went to clean the living room.
In the corner of the garden, Molly sat on a small stool with a lollipop in her mouth. From time to time, she would raise her arms and shout, "Go, Bobo!"
Three hours later, Lucille could no longer continue.
She slowly stopped and went back to her room to take a shower and change her clothes.
The day passed just like that.
At half past four in the afternoon, there was still an hour before the start of the engagement party..
Only then did Lucille open the red box and take out her gown.
It was a long, bare-back dress.
The dress had a collar. It looked dignified and grand, but when she turned around, her back was exposed, which revealed her beautiful bone
structure.
She had to admit that the design was bold. It was conservative yet fresh.
There was not much decoration on it. It was simply bright red.
However, at the hem of the dress, each thread was woven like a floating
cloud.
Even Lucille could not help but marvel at the craftsmanship.
Molly, who was next to her, let out a cry and urged, "Lucille, Lucille! Put it on! Hurry!"
Lucille got changed.
The size was tailored to her, so all the curves fit her perfectly and outlined her waist in a flawless manner.
Molly circled around Lucille twice, and then looked at her smooth back in surprise. "Lucille, the scars on your body are gone!"
Lucille gave a bland response.
"Yes."
In the past, she had a scar that was so deep that her bones could be seen. It was a terrible sight.
However, it wasn't there on her current body.
Molly's face was full of excitement. "Lucille, you're so beautiful! The dress is so pretty. It looks like you're walking on the clouds. You look even more like a fairy. You're both pretty and ethereal. As expected of Bobo! You definitely live up to your reputation as the most beautiful woman in Dilsburg-"
Before she could finish, Molly realized that she had said too much and immediately covered her mouth.noveldrama
Lucille put on some light makeup in front of the mirror. She took out a matching accessory from the red box and put it on.
After getting ready, she turned around and said, "Okay, it's time to go."
Engagement parties in Shein City were usually held at dusk. The main party would usually begin at 5:30 in the evening. Lucille brought Molly down the stairs.
Madam Dahlia, who was in the living room, was pleasantly surprised when she saw Lucille coming down.
###Causing Delays
"You look amazing! So beautiful!"
Madam Dahlia was full of smiles. She added, "You should hurry up and go so that you don't cause any delays, Miss Jules. The driver who's come to pick you up is already here. It's obvious that Madam Collins likes you very much. She sent Mr. Austin to pick you up!" Austin?
Lucille was stunned for a moment, and then she couldn't help laughing.
She wondered what Madam Collins had used to threaten Austin. Otherwise, there was no way he would have agreed to pick her up.
Sure enough, after Lucille walked out of the door, Austin, who was waiting beside the car, immediately raised his chin and snorted. "Don't get the wrong idea. I only came here to pick you up on Grandma's orders! Otherwise, I wouldn't have come." Hearing this, Molly was unhappy. She rolled up her sleeves and yelled, Hey, are you trying to get beat up?"
Austin looked her up and down. When he saw her favorite little yellow duck bag on her back, which only toddlers would use, he suddenly smacked the window and laughed wildly. "Hahaha! How childish can you get? Even my niece, who's in kindergarten, wouldn't use a bag like that. Hahaha! I'm going to die of laughter."
Molly clenched her fists so tightly that there was a cracking sound.
"I'll beat you up, believe it or not!" she roared.
"Bring it on, you little brat. You don't even reach my shoulders, yet you want. to beat me up?" he mocked.
The two immature people were about to get into a fight.
Fortunately, Lucille held Molly back. She looked at Austin and asked, "Where's Joseph?"
Causing Delays
23
Ever since she returned from Tamont City the day before, she hadn't seen Joseph. She had not even seen Culver
Could it be that he was still in Tamont City?
Hearing this, Austin smirked maliciously and said, "I don't know. Maybe he ran away because he didn't want to get engaged t you."
Ran away?
Lucille raised her brows calmly.
At that moment, her phone rang. She glanced at it and then smiled slightly.
"Let's go."
Lucille got in the car and sat in the backseat. After she fastened her seat belt, she slowly ordered, "Drive."
Molly, who was sitting in the back seat as well, followed suit and ordered, Drive!"
Austin muttered to himself, "How annoying. She's really just treating me as
her chauffeur...
He stepped on the accelerator, and the modified car worth more than 20 million roared as it sped toward the center of the city.
However, something happened on the way there. When they rounded a corner, Austin's car was blocked by a group of street racers. There were four or five cars.
"Damn it! I didn't check the schedule before going out today!" he cursed.
Austin hit the steering wheel, and he looked rather glum. Then he rolled down the window and said to the group of arrogant racers, "Get out of my way. I don't have time to play with you guys today. Can't you see that I have something important to do?" "What's so important?"
The group of ruffians and playboys stuck their heads out and looked into the back seat. They then laughed and said, "Is picking up pretty girls the
Causing Delay
important business you have?" Austin was instantly enraged.
"Keep your mouth shut!"
However, they didn't take it seriously. After circling around Austin's car twice, the leader, who was a young man in all black, whistled and challenged, "You've done pretty well modifying this car. Are you brave enough to race with me, Mr. Austin?" Austin had always been a fan of racing. Unfortunately, no matter how much money he spent to modify his car, he always lost because of his poor skills. Therefore, every time that group of racers saw him, they would
ridicule and make fun of them.
In the past, he might have agreed without saying a word.
Not that day, however.
It was risky for them to race.
It would be okay if he was driving alone, but he couldn't do that with two girls in the backseat.
Austin refused them without hesitation, and then drove away.noveldrama
Unexpectedly, the young man in black clicked his tongue and deliberately provoked him. "Oh, are you scared? Didn't you say that you wanted to get back at me last time, Mr. Austin? I'm giving you the opportunity now. If you don't agree, then I guess you're just a coward!" As he spoke, the young man in black raised his middle finger at him.
Austin gritted his teeth and his face darkened.
At this moment, they all heard a calm voice. "What are we competing for?"
###1
Competing
For
It was Lucille who spoke.
She rolled down the back window and muttered, "What's the competition
about?"
The young man looked in the direction of the voice, and his eyes
immediately went blank.
The rest of the group followed suit, their eyes burning with passion as they
stared at Lucille.
They all saw the girl who spoke in the back seat. Her delicate, otherworldly face was flawless, and her forehead was bright and plump. Her eyebrows were
long and black. Her eyes were as clear as a spring of water, and her lips were red and rosy. At first glance, she was stunning and breathtaking.
She was like an ethereal being who had accidentally stepped into the mortal world.
Finally, the young man in black, who had provoked her, came to his senses. He stared at Lucille and replied, "Racing, obviously! Do you want to get in my car, pretty girl? I'll show you the true meaning of speed and passion. I can promise that you'll have a good time!" After that, he glanced at Austin with disdain and sneered, "It's better than going with this good-for-nothing."
"You..." Austin was so angry that he was about to get out of the car and hit
him.
Surprisingly, Lucille smiled gently and asked, "What are we betting?"
"Betting..." The young man was stunned for a moment. In the past, they only ever competed for money, but it wasn't like any of them were struggling. It didn't seem to be very interesting. Thus, he simply asked, "What do you think would be good to bet?" Either way, no matter what the bet was, he would not lose!
Lucille raised her eyebrows and pointed at Austin, saying, "How about this? If you lose, you'll have to call him Boss' whenever you see him for an entire month. If you win, he'll call you 'Boss' instead. What do you say?" "Good idea!"
"Hahaha! Hurry up and agree, Albert!"
As soon as Lucille finished her words, all the racers started clamoring.
What an interesting thing to bet.
Just thinking about the son of the Collins family calling someone else his boss was an absolutely hilarious idea.
However, when Austin heard that, he looked at Lucille in disbelief. He was both anxious and angry. "Why are you using me like this? I can't believe you're my sister-in-law. Whose side are you on, really? No. I don't agree!" The young man, who was called Albert Stone, agreed at once. He smiled happily and said, "Okay! Let's race, then! Looks like I'm going to become your boss!"
"Let's set some rules, then," Lucille stated.
She completely ignored Austin and continued, "This'll be the starting point. We'll drive one lap around the winding road and come back. Whoever arrives first wins. Do you have the guts?"
She was provoking him even harder.
Albert immediately sneered and said, "I've never lost. What do you think?"
Thus, the bet was settled.
Austin's heart had disintegrated into a pile of ash.
Lucille got out of the car slowly. She opened the door to the driver's seat, and said to Austin, who looked desperate, "Move."
Austin did as he was told. When he moved to the passenger seat, he suddenly came to his senses. "What do you mean? A-Are you going to drive?"
Competing For
Not to mention Austin, even Albert and the other playboys were stunned. Then, they burst into earth-shattering laughter. "Hahaha! I can't stand it anymore. I'm going to die of laughter. Austin is definitely going to lose!" Albert was afraid that Lucille would go back on her word, so he kept. asking, "Are you sure you want to compete with me?"
Lucille curled her lips and casually responded, "As long as you don't cry."
What an arrogant tone!
Albert was successfully provoked, and he immediately got in the car.
The lights were turned on, and the engine began to rev.
The cars lined up side by side.
The race was about to begin.
Finally, with his right-hand man declaring the start, Albert took the lead, driving away in his silver luxury car.
In the red modified luxury car, Lucille took a sip of water slowly.
When the racers outside saw that, they laughed so hard that they rolled on the ground.
"Oh my God. Does she not know where the accelerator is?"
"Hahaha! I'm dying! What's the point of this?"
"Come on, let's not talk about it. Leave them with some dignity!"
Hearing those mocking words, Austin unexpectedly calmed down. He then turned to Lucille and said, "Get out. I'll drive!"
Hit the Gasnoveldrama
Since things had already come to that point, there was no point being a coward.
He just had to go for it.
Even if he was going to lose in the end, he had to try his best, didn't he?
Austin still wanted to say something, but Lucille suddenly hit the gas. At first, she was moving 60 kilometers an hour, then increased to 100. Finally, the car was going 200 kilometers an hour. The red modified luxury car roared, leaving a cloud of dust behind.
Molly, who was sitting in the back row, immediately fastened her seat belt. and reminded Austin, "Hey, let me give you a piece of advice. You'd better fasten your seat belt and hold on!" The winding road was full of twists and turns.
Lucille drove wildly all the way. In the blink of an eye, she performed a drift perfectly.
She was so fast that they soon saw Albert's silver sports car ahead of
them.
Albert was still driving slowly, intending to humiliate Austin. However, when he looked in the rearview mirror, he saw the arrogant red luxury car chasing after him at an incredible speed! "How is this possible?"
Albert was shocked and immediately sped up.
Despite that, a red flash of color brushed past his silver car, successfully surpassing it!
Albert gritted his teeth and immediately sped up.
However, there was a steep cliff right ahead of them.
If they didn't slow down, it would be incredibly dangerous.
Albert sneered. If he took advantage of that situation, he would definitely be able to surpass them again.
Nonetheless, he didn't expect the arrogant red car in front of him to avoid. the cliff smoothly. It turned with perfect technique, and it didn't slow down. at all. Pulling off a trick like that was extremely difficult. Albert's eyes widened in disbelief.
It wasn't just him, though. Austin was shocked as well.
When he saw the steep cliff, he was so frightened that his face turned pale. He quickly yelled, "Slow down! You're going to send us flying off the cliff if you keep going!"
However, Lucille didn't even blink. She spun the car around and got past it
without a hitch.
Austin's jaw dropped. He thought he was hallucinating.
Even so, the tire marks on the ground clearly showed how skilled Lucille,
was.
That was what racing was really about.
It was about shocking the audience and looking cool!
Austin was dumbstruck. A few seconds later, he screamed and was so excited that he lost his mind. He shouted at Lucille with admiration, "Wow! From now on, you're my hero. You're so cool! You're the best!" Hearing that, Molly, who was sitting in the back row, took a mental note.
Good. Lucille gained another fan.
Lucille passed more than a dozen corners in a row, kicking up dust and approaching the finish line.
The right-hand man waiting in the same place was staring at the finish line, looking forward to it. "Albert will be here in another ten minutes, right?"
However, as soon as he finished speaking, everyone saw a flash of
Hit the Gas
arrogant red.
"D*mn. Have I gone blind? Why am I seeing Austin's car come back first?"
The crowd gasped. Everyone was stunned.
"That's impossible!"
The red car spun again. This time, it showed off a 360-degree drift before steadily coming to a stop in front of them.
The flashing lights of the car revealed the shocking face of the person in the driver's seat.
It was obvious that Lucille had won.
It was an unexpected victory.
The group of playboys looked at each other in confusion.
Finally, Albert, whose face had turned pale, came back ten minutes later. Austin raised his eyebrows and breathed a sigh of relief.
He raised his head and puffed out his chest as he walked over to Albert. He jutted his chin out and said arrogantly, "So, what should you call me?"
###Not For Long
Not
For Long
Joanne put away her phone, snorted, and said, "I know Fiona best. She absolutely can't stand to see others taking away what belongs to her. Let's just wait and see. Lucille won't stay arrogant for long!" Zoey didn't say anything, but deep down...
She silently hoped that it was true.
In the banquet hall, they sounded the drums.
At the same time, fireworks were exploding outside. The colorful sparks were so beautiful that everyone was dazzled.noveldrama
The sound of drums meant that the main event was about to begin.
However, there was still no sign of Joseph outside.
Madam Louisa stepped forward and asked cautiously, "Madam Collins, do you want to... postpone the event for half an hour?"
"No, let's proceed as usual!"
Madam Collins sat calmly in her seat, looking totally at peace. Her steady aura made the guests, who had been whispering amongst themselves, quiet down instantly. Boom...
The drum was sounded for the second time.
When it happened a third time, Austin excitedly ran in from outside and shouted, "A helicopter! A helicopter is here!"
As soon as he finished speaking, a tall and slender figure appeared in the doorway.
It was Joseph.
He finally showed up.
Not For Long
With the exploding fireworks outside the banquet hall, the flickering lights made his handsome eyes look even deeper. His sculpted facial features and sharp jawline were all fascinating.
A faint smile tugged at the corners of his lips. He slowly walked up to Lucille, held her hand, and put a ring on her finger in front of everyone.
"I told you. There's no way I would hand my bride over to someone else," he murmured.
The shining diamond in the middle of the ring was ocean blue.
One sharp-eyed guest recognized it at a glance and exclaimed, "Isn't that diamond from a collection? It's got a rare color, not to mention its value. I remember that it was being kept in Tamont City's vault. I can't believe Mr. Joseph bought it!" "Oh my God! How much would that cost?"
"It's part of a collection because it's priceless. If someone really wanted to buy it, it would cost more than a billion dollars..."
"I'm jealous."
The men's hearts soured, and the women's eyes were full of envy.
Countless scorching gazes fell on Lucille and Joseph, who were standing at the end of the red carpet.
The lights above them cast intertwined shadows beneath their feet, looking as if they were hugging and kissing each other.
For some reason, their shadows lined up perfectly.
Listening to the guests around her, Lucille looked down at the ring in her -hand and asked, "Is it real?"
Joseph could hear the implication behind her words. He asked calmly, What if it is?"
"Do we need to return it?"
"No." Since it was a gift for her, it belonged to her. There was no need to
give it back.
Lucille's eyes lit up when she heard that.
"I can probably sell it for a lot of money, then."
More than one billion dollars. How many tasks would she have to complete to earn that much money?
Joseph had almost thought that he had misheard.
He burst into laughter and extinguished Lucille's hope. "It's fake."
""Oh."
Lucille was not too disappointed.
She was very clear about the kind of relationship they shared.
They were just partners. It wasn't worth it to buy an engagement ring for more than a billion dollars just for a contract that can be canceled at any time.
It just wasn't a good deal.
She had to admit that it was a well-made fake, though.
Throughout the entire engagement party, pretty much all of the women were staring at her enviously.
When the banquet was finally over, Lucille heaved a sigh of relief.
###Left in a Hurry
Finally, she didn't have to be surrounded anymore.
After the other guests left one after another, Madam Collins happily said, Lucille, can you go stay overnight in the Collins Manor with me? You left in a hurry last time, not to mention that you're part of the family now. Aren't you going to go see your room?" Most importantly, the thing that Madam Collins had asked someone to prepare still hadn't come in handy.
It was related to whether she could have a great-grandchild as soon as possible.noveldrama
After all, opportunities were created, not found.
Lucille didn't think much of it and was about to subconsciously turn her down. However, before she could even speak, she saw Madam Collins turn pale as she covered her chest and tipped back. Everyone was shocked.
"Grandma! Grandma!"
"Madam Collins!"
"Hey, what's wrong with you? You were fine just now." Madam Louisa was so anxious that she almost cried.
Joseph's expression changed. He immediately ordered, "Send her back to the Collins Manor! Then, call Master Walton!"
"Yes, sir!"
All of them hurriedly moved Madam Collins into the car.
Lucille frowned. She instructed someone to send Molly back to the Jules Residence before following the others.
On the way there, Lucille sat beside Madam Collins and held her wrist to feel her pulse.
Madam Collins pulse indicated that her body was normal. Nonetheless, she had an old injury on her leg, which left her unable to walk on her own. She could only rely on a wheelchair.
Apart from that, the moment her body weakened even slightly, she was susceptible to fainting the moment she got worked up emotionally.
That was because she was old, and it was not a serious ailment.
Lucille heaved a sigh of relief. It was a pity that there were no tools around. All she could do was pinch Madam Collins' philtrum.
Joseph was right next to Lucille. When he saw what she was doing, he did not try to stop her.
A few seconds later, Madam Collins slowly woke up and muttered, "I'm old. My body is so useless."
"Grandma, what are you talking about? You're in good health."
"I know my own body."
Madam Collins waved her hand and sighed. "I just can't stop worrying about Josh. I just hope that he can live longer than me and that he doesn't go before I do."
After saying that, she felt that these words were a bad omen. Madam Collins quickly coughed a few times and corrected herself. "I want to personally witness you getting married and successfully running your business. You'd better give me a grandson as soon as possible!" While they were talking, they arrived at the Collins Manor.
When Madam Collins was put into her wheelchair, she asked Lucille to push her inside.
Lucille smiled. Since she was already there, it was impossible for her to Heave right then.
She simply stepped forward and pushed Madam Collins into the house.
No one noticed that Madam Collins, who was being pushed forward, kept shooting glances at Madam Louisa.
Madam Louisa understood and nodded subtly.
She knew that Madam Collins was trying very hard to progress Lucille and Joseph's relationship.
After entering the house, Madam Collins yawned. In a tired voice, she said, "I'm going to sleep first. This is your home, Lucille, so you can relax. You must be tired today. Go and have a rest. Good girl."
Madam Louisa stepped forward just in time and led the way. "I'll take you back to your room, Mrs. Collins."
"Okay." Lucille nodded and followed her upstairs.
It was her second time at the Collins manor. She was familiar with the
furnishing and general layout, so there was nothing to be shy about.
After Lucille went upstairs, Madam Collins suddenly pointed at a plate of snacks on the table and told Joseph, "Josh, hurry up and bring that to Lucille. Didn't you notice that Lucille didn't eat anything all night? How can you not care about your own wife. Joseph picked up the snacks and immediately went upstairs.
Of course, he cared about his wife.
When he was heading up, he saw Madam Louisa walking out of Lucille's
room.
Seeing him, Madam Louisa stepped aside, bowed, and greeted him with a grin. "Please come in, Mr. Joseph."
Joseph walked in.
Creak...
Before he could make a sound, he suddenly heard the door behind him closing mercilessly, accompanied by the sound of the door, being locked from outside.
Joseph had a strange look on his face as he raised his eyebrows.
So, he had been tricked by Madam Collins?
###Repair It
Lucille was stunned when she heard the door being locked. She walked over and tried to turn the handle.
It didn't budge.
Outside the door, Madam Louisa, who had completed her task, coughed softly. "Mr. Joseph, Mrs. Collins, it's a lucky day. You should rest early. As for the lock, it seems to be broken. I'll ask someone to come and repair it early tomorrow morning. You'll have to endure it for today."
After that, her footsteps quickly faded away.
The corners of Lucille's eyes twitched.
The lock was broken.
Couldn't they have come up with a better excuse?
""What should we do?"
Lucille looked at Joseph and asked, "Do you have any ideas on how to get
out?"
"Let me have a look," Joseph replied.
He calmed down before walking to the window and pulled open the
curtains to take a look.
The window was locked and could not be pushed open whatsoever.
Smashing the window was out of the question. It was bulletproof, and they wouldn't be able to leave a dent. Besides, everything in the room that could be used pry open the door and window had been taken out. There were no tools in the room whatsoever.
Joseph raised an eyebrow. He had no choice but to state, "It looks like we have no choice but to stay like this for the night."
Lucille was speechless.
Repair
213
Being in the same room was not a big deal. The most important thing was that the door to the bathroom was transparent. It was made of glass.
She had to change out of her dress, didn't she?
Obviously, Joseph also recognized that problem. He looked at the transparent bathroom and turned around, feeling amused. "Grandma ist pretty trendy."
The room was decorated in such an intimate manner.
The newlywed aura in the room was overwhelming.
It was truly... romantic.
Lucille rummaged through the cupboard but did not find anything to hide herself with. In the end, she tore off the bed sheet and hung it up, barely managing to separate the bathroom. She then took the sleeping gown that Madam Collins had prepared in advance and went into the bathroom to change.
By the time she finished changing, Joseph's back was still facing her in al gentlemanly manner.noveldrama
Lucille looked at the only bed in the room. She rubbed her eyebrows with a slight headache coming on and compromised. "You can sleep on the bed. I'll sleep on the floor."
Madam Collins had really put in a lot of effort. There wasn't even a sofa in such a huge bedroom.
Actually, there have been one before, but it was taken out.
That was to push them to sleep in the same bed.
Only then did Joseph turn around. He sat down at a desk by the side, picked up a book, and slowly murmured, "Go to sleep. I won't move from this seat for the night." Regardless, the problem was that even if he didn't move, she couldn't fall asleep in such a situation.
Lucille pondered for a moment before she lay down on the bed.
Repairt
Through the night, the temperature dropped little by little.
Joseph had been able to focus on reading at the start of the night, but as time went on, his gaze shifted to the large bed, possibly because the room. was too quiet. The blanket rose and fell with her breaths.
Moonlight scattered outside the window, covering it with a soft glow.
There was only a small orange lamp in the room, which was moody.
The book in Joseph's hand accidentally landed on the desk, making a slight sound.
Lucille lay motionless on the bed, as if she had fallen asleep.
Joseph retracted his gaze, but the corners of his mouth could not help but curl up slightly.
She was pretending to be asleep.
It was a convincing act, too.
Joseph had no intention of exposing her. He picked up the book and continued reading.
At that moment, however, two pairs of ears were secretly eavesdropping outside the door.
Madam Collins moved sneakily as she quietly brought her ear close to the bedroom door. When she didn't hear anything inside, she got suspicious." This isn't right. Why is it so quiet?" Beside her, Madam Louisa blushed and reminded her, "Isn't it a bad idea for us to eavesdrop on them like this, Madam Collins?"
Madam Collins acted as if she hadn't heard it and only asked, "Did Josh and Lucille eat the snacks before you left?" "No."
"How could they not eat it..."
###Followed Her
Followed Her
Madam Collins muttered to herself, "A mistake was made. It seems that
this plan won't work. I have to think of another way..."
As she spoke, she moved her wheelchair and left.
Madam Louisa followed her.
The noise outside couldn't be heard from the bedroom.
That was because the soundproofing was too good.
At two o'clock in the morning...
The temperature dropped again.
It was a little cold in the bedroom.
Joseph, who couldn't handle the cold, turned pale.
He covered his chest, and waves of toxins attacked his heart. He felt a burst of pain, but he endured it and did not say a word.
Sensing that something was wrong, Lucille stopped pretending to be asleep. She lifted the blanket and sat up.
She walked over to Joseph's side and tried to feel his pulse, but the moment she touched his wrist, she froze.
He was cold to the touch.
Lucille checked his pulse and could not help but be stunned by what she
discovered.
Aside from a layer of strange, incomprehensible poison, there were scars from old injuries in the parts of his body that felt extraordinarily cold.
As the son of the Collins family, he had a noble status. He should have been pampered. Why had he suffered such a serious injury?
It seemed that he had a lot of secrets.
Lucille released him and said, "I'll get someone to open the door."
"No need."
Joseph called out to her and muttered, "Grandmother is old. There's no need for her to know."noveldrama
Moreover, he was already used to it.
Lucille stopped and turned on the heater in the room.
Not long after, the room became warm,
Joseph's condition got better. He chuckled and looked at Lucille. "Go to sleep, Bobo."
The night was gentle, and so was his voice.
Lucille's expression was calm as she said, "You should sleep in the bed. I won't be able to afford it if you get sick from the cold."
Joseph leaned back in his chair and slowly replied, "I'm fine. You can go ahead and sleep."
Lucille didn't care. She stepped forward and tried to force Joseph to lie down on the bed.
It was as if she was trying to use brute force.
There was a hint of amusement in Joseph's eyes. He raised his hand to make a gesture of surrender, as if he was about to be slaughtered by her. Lucille pushed him down.
However, when he fell down, she lost her balance and tumbled down as
well.
Bang!
Her face landed on his chest.
It was the third time.
Tears welled up in Lucille's eyes as her nose tingled with pain.
Followed Hot
She wondered what his chest was made of. It was so firm, totally unlikel the body of a weak and sickly man who wouldn't live long.
Lucille covered her nose and got up. She quickly took two steps back.
Fortunately, she didn't have a nosebleed.
Joseph's eyes darkened as he murmured, "I'm sorry."
"It's okay."
Lucille sat on the chair he had been sitting on before. After the pain subsided, she slowly told him, "Joseph, although your illness is tricky to deal with, it's not completely incurable. I have a 20 percent chance of being able to save you." Hearing that, Joseph's gaze was still. There was no trace of excitement or joy in his eyes. He was so calm that it seemed as if he wasn't the one who was going to die soon.
Lucille lowered her gaze and continued, "Of course, there are a few herbs. needed to treat your illness. They are rare and hard to find. If you can find! some of them, then that chance increases to 50 percent. If you can find all of them, curing you won't be a problem at all." "However, the point is that these herbs are rare. Whether you can find them depends on your luck."
Lucille paused and added, "Of course, if you can't find them, I can help your live for two more years. However, that will be considered one of the
conditions for our partnership. Similarly, I have a condition that I want your to help me with."
###Owe Me
"Go ahead." Joseph's eyes were blazing. He looked at Lucille with a faint smile on his lips.
She looked at the clean and tidy table in front of her. She pondered for a moment and then tilted her head.
"I haven't decided yet. Let's just say you owe me for now," she suggested.
Anyway, it was a piece of cake to save him. If she could make him owe her a favor, it might be useful in the future.
"Okay."
Joseph was very straightforward and he agreed immediately.
"That's settled then!" Lucille clapped her hands in satisfaction. Then, she picked up the pen and paper on the desk and wrote down the names of the herbs. In order to make it easier for him to find them, she also drew a simple picture of each herb based on the records in her grandfather's book.
There were a total of six herbs.
Lucille said, "Just find as many as you can. In the future, you should come to the Jules Residence every day. I'll give you treatment to suppress the poison in your body. I can't guarantee anything else, but it can at least prolong your life for two years." "Okay," Joseph replied.
He took the piece of paper that Lucille handed him. The handwriting on it was delicate and pretty, and the strokes were lifelike. It looked adorable.
"Bobo." He suddenly called her name.
Lucille subconsciously replied, "Huh?"
"I want to pay you back with my body."
She was at a loss for words.
She grabbed the bolster and threw it at him. Grumpily, she muttered, "Can't you be decent?"
Joseph chuckled.
The night passed just like that.
In the latter half of the night, Lucille lay on the desk and fell asleep in a daze.
However, when she woke up the next morning, she found herself in bed.
Looking around the bedroom, she found no sign of Joseph.
It seemed that the sun was up, and the door had finally been repaired.
Lucille got up. Next to her was a set of clean clothes in her size.
After washing up, Lucille went downstairs and saw Madam Collins drinking tea in the living room. She greeted, "Grandma." "Hello," Madam Collins responded with a grin.
Her eyebrows were curved and her face was kind and benevolent. She asked, "Did you sleep well last night, Lucille?" Lucille nodded and said, "Yes... It was okay."
"That's good, that's good. Come and have breakfast, Lucille. See if this is to your taste," Madam Collins offered.
"Okay."
Lucille walked over.
After eating, Lucille got up and took her leave.
She was afraid that if she didn't, the lock might break again that night.
Austin took the initiative to say, "Joseph is not here right now, so I'll send you off, Lucille."
"Okay."noveldrama
Lucille nodded.
After bidding farewell to Madam Collins, Lucille got into Austin's car.
When they arrived at the gate of the Jules Residence, Austin wagged his imaginary tail. With an expectant tone, he asked, "Lucille, when will you. teach me how to race?" Lucille answered, "Next time, when I'm free."
"Okay. It's a deal!"
Austin's face was full of excitement, but he didn't react until he had already driven far away. That wasn't right. When would the next time be?
After that, Lucille was about to step into the villa when a hoarse voice was heard from behind her.
"Lucy."
She suddenly stopped and slowly turned around.
Stained With Dust
Behind her stood a handsome young man who looked very similar to her.
The man was travel-worn, and his shiny leather shoes were stained with dust, which didn't match his sleek, perfectly-tailored, custom-made suit. Lucille was stunned for a moment before she called out softly, "Yoshua." It was the original host's second brother, Yoshua. He was also the person who cared about the original host the most out of the whole Jules family.
Even though Zoey later became the fourth daughter of the Jules family, Yoshua had never acknowledged her as such. On top of that, he had stated more than once that he only had one sister.
Among the original owner's three brothers, Bernard had always been indifferent to everyone. The original host was only afraid of him and never got close to him. Charles, her third brother, had only ever cared about Zoey. He would have plucked the moon from the sky if she asked. Only her second brother, Yoshua, who was arrogant and unruly, had truly, cared for Lucille from the bottom of his heart.
Over the years, Yoshua had gotten angry many times because of Howard's preferential treatment toward Zoey.
Charles was focused on protecting Zoey, and Yoshua often beat him up as well.
Therefore, when he called out to Lucille, her heart ached a little. Those emotions did not belong to her, but the memory and instinct left in her body.
Yoshua stepped forward. He held the gift box in his hand in front of Lucille and said, "Hurry up and open it. This is my late birthday gift to you." Lucille did not move.
He urged her once again. "Hurry! Open it."
She had no choice but to take it. After the beautiful bow-knot was removed, the box opened up like a flower in bloom.
Inside lay an extremely beautiful pearl.
Yoshua said, "Lucy, you once told me that you wanted the most beautiful pearl in the world. I went diving hundreds of times and finally found the most beautiful pearl in the world for you."
He picked up the pearl, which was held up by a thin chain. It was a beautiful, unique necklace.
With an expectant tone, he asked, "Do you like it?"
She liked it.
How could she not?
However... His sister could no longer hear him.
Lucille lowered her gaze and did not reply.
At that moment, he gently ruffled her hair.
"I know that you've suffered, Lucy."
Yoshua's eyes were red, and there was pity and anger in his eyes. However, those emotions eventually turned into guilt. In a hoarse voice, he continued. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have left. If I had known that you would suffer so much, I would have stayed in Shein City without going anywhere..."
He thought that he could make a name for himself in the outside world. That way, he would have the ability to challenge his father and the confidence to protect his sister.
Despite that, when he learned that Lucille drowned and that Samuel canceled their marriage, not to mention that she had been driven out of the house by Howard, he no longer cared about anything else. He hurried
Residence. back and waited for the whole night at the gate of the Jula
He spent the whole night blaming himself.
"I'm not a good brother, let alone a responsible one. I'm sorry, Lucy..." he muttered.
"Yoshua."
Lucille interrupted him, her voice calm but firm. "You are a good brother."
That was what the original host would have said, too.
Yoshua was startled. He grabbed Lucille's hand and led her away while saying, "Let's go. I'll take you home."
Lucille wanted to refuse, but before she could do anything, Yoshua shoved her into the car.
Twenty minutes later, Lucille raised her eyebrows as she looked at the familiar villa of the Jules family. She questioned, "Are you sure you want to go in, Yoshua?" Chaos would ensue the moment she stepped in.
"Of course!"
Yoshua suppressed the rage in his heart and comforted her in the most gentle tone possible. "Don't be afraid, Lucy. I will definitely avenge you for all your suffering."
"I'm just worried that..." Lucille's voice was so soft that it was barely. audible. "You'll be disappointed."
This wasn't too bad, though.
Since they were already there, they might as well tear down the roof before. leaving.
Lucille smiled brightly and got out of the car.
###Dressed Upnoveldrama
Meanwhile, in the Jules family's villa...
Howard was sitting at the dining table, drinking coffee and reading the
newspaper.
It was the weekend, so he didn't have to go to work.
Zoey came down from upstairs and greeted him with a smile. "Good morning, Dad."
Howard glanced at her and said with a doting look in his eyes, "Why are you so dressed up today?"
From the side, Charles quickly added, "Dad, how could you say that? When is Zoey not pretty? Am I right?"
"Charles!"
Zoey stamped her feet with a shy look on her face. "You and Dad are the same. You two only know how to tease me!"
"We're just telling the truth," Charles replied with a grin. After that, he nudged Bernard, who was sitting at the dining table and eating quietly. You be the judge, Bernard. Am I right?" Bernard raised his head and looked at him calmly.
His aura was somewhat oppressive.
No one was allowed to breach his space. He seemed cold and aloof.
Charles scratched his nose and backed off with an embarrassed smile. Just continue eating, Bernard. I won't disturb you anymore..."
Bernard put down the knife and fork in his hand with a poker face and
flatly stated, "I'm done. You can do whatever you want." flatly stated, "I'm done. You can
After that, he picked up a handkerchief and wiped his mouth, creating an insurmountable distance between them.
H
Dressed Up
Charles didn't dare to provoke him at all. He simply looked at Zoey and
asked, "It's the weekend, Zoey. Do you have any plans? Where do you want to go? I'll be your bodyguard!"
Lucille giggled.
The atmosphere in the villa was particularly harmonious.
However, at that moment, a servant rushed over and reported, "Mr. Yoshua is back, Mr. Jules!"
"Really?"
Howard was rather surprised, but that barely lasted for two seconds before he heard the servant hesitantly say, "He also brought the fifth miss with him..."
Upon hearing that, Howard's face suddenly darkened.
"That b*stard!"
Speak of the devil, and he would come.
Yoshua's frivolous voice was heard from the entrance.
"Oh, it's looks like everyone's here."
He pulled Lucille into the villa. It was as if he didn't see Howard's gloomy face. He simply stared at the servant from earlier and corrected her. "What do you mean, the fifth miss? There are only four children in the Jules. family. She's the fourth miss." "As for this outsider..." Yoshua grinned flippantly as he glanced at Lucille. His tone suddenly became icy. "Isn't it about time for you to go back to where you came from?"
No one expected Yoshua to attack Zoey the moment he came back.
Charles couldn't stand it anymore. He immediately stood in front of Zoey and asked, "There's no need to bully Zoey just because you want to protect Lucille, is there? She's your sister, too!"
"I told you, I only have one sister!" Yoshua retorted.
Dreused Lip
His expression was frigid as he slowly walked forward.
Charles held his head high and puffed out his chest, refusing to back down. "You're protecting Lucille, so I have to protect Zoey."
The atmosphere instantly became tense.
"I guess you want to be the brother of some stranger, do you, Charles?" The corner of Yoshua's mouth twitched. He reached out and patted Charles' shoulder. Then, without saying anything, he waved his fist and said, "You have a sister to protect? Well, I do, too!" Bang!
He landed one punch after another.
Charles was beaten so hard that he had no strength to fight back. Soon, his nose was bruised and his face was swollen. Even his nose was
bleeding. He was in a very shameful state.
Zoey shrieked. She looked at Howard and cried, "Dad, Dad, you have to stop him. Carles is going to be beaten to death!"
"Stop, you b*stard! Hold it right there!"
Howard slammed the table forcefully.
###Why?
Yoshua finally stopped.
He stubbornly demanded, "Dad, I want an explanation. Why are you so cruel to Lucy? You drove your own daughter out of the house and cut off all ties with her just because of Zoey, who's not even related to us. Why?"
Howard was so angry that he shot him a glare. "I'm your father. You don't have the right to question me!"
The atmosphere became more and more tense.
The servants on the side did not even dare to breathe too loudly.
Zoey was choked with sobs and cried, "I'm sorry, Yoshua. I'll go. I'll go right now!"
As she spoke, she was about to rush out.
Lucille couldn't help laughing when she saw that. She was already quite familiar with Zoey's habit of running away to gain sympathy.
Sure enough, Charles, who had been beaten until he was black and blue, became anxious and immediately rushed forward to stop Zoey.
Things were becoming increasingly chaotic.
Suddenly, they all heard a steady voice.
"Stop this nonsense!"
The power of those words was stronger than that of Howard.
The person who spoke was Bernard.
It was Lucille's first time meeting him.
He seemed gentlemanly, with a pair of gold-rimmed glasses.on the bridge of his nose. He was indifferent and didn't smile. He looked so cold that nobody could get close to him.
Bernard turned his head, and his sharp eyes under the glasses swept over
Zoey. He scolded, "Don't you think the situation is messy enough?"
Zoey bit her lip and didn't dare to say a word, feeling wronged.
Then, he looked at Yoshua and scolded him. "I don't care if you hit Charles, and I approve of you defending Lucy. It's useless to create all of this chaos, though. Why waste your energy on a fight that you're never going to win? That being the case, isn't it better for Lucille to stand on her own feet rather than staying here?""noveldrama
Everyone was stunned.
No one expected that Bernard, who was totally uninvolved, would say that. It seemed that he was even subtly mocking his own father...
That had never happened before.
Lucille was a little surprised. She couldn't help glancing at Bernard.
She didn't expect him to be looking back at her, though. The light reflected
by his glasses obscured his face. Lucille vaguely caught the look of disgust and complexity in his eyes when he stared at her.
He harbored hatred for her.
Why?
From what she remembered, the original host didn't seem to have
offended him.
Lucille raised an eyebrow and looked away indifferently.
The atmosphere in the villa froze for a moment.
Howard, who had been lectured by his son, restrained his fury. He wanted to vent his anger, but he couldn't bring himself to do so.
Only the idiotic Charles had latched onto the wrong point. He asked in confusion, "Why are you okay with Yoshua hitting me, Bernard? Do I deserve to be beaten?" No one paid attention to him.
Yoshua stood where he was, lost in thought.
It was true that there was no point fighting a losing battle. After so many. years, he should have already known that.
"This is no proper home, so it's fine if I don't stay here. From now on, I'm no longer your son, either," Yoshua stated.
His eyes were full of disappointment, but his tone was still cynical. He rubbed Lucille's head and practically showered her with tenderness. "Let's go, Lucille."
After returning to the Jules Residence, Lucille brought Yoshua into the villa.
When Madam Dahlia saw him, she was surprised and delighted. "Mr. Yoshua! It's you! That's great! You're finally back, Mr. Yoshua!"
Yoshua nodded.
She went on to ask, "How long do you plan to stay here this time, Yoshua?" He went silent.
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###Disappointment
He had been like that since he left the Jules family's villa 20 minutes ago.
Lucille knew that his disappointment toward his family had reached its breaking point.
"Madam Dahlia, go get a glass of water and prepare something for us to eat," she instructed. "Yes, Miss Jules."
After sending Madam Dahlia away, Lucille sat down on the sofa and said with a faint smile, "I bought this villa myself, Yoshua. I sold all my shares. Even without being a part of that family, I can stand on my own two feet. This is enough for me to live a good life." After that, she looked at Yoshua and stopped smiling. In a serious tone, she continued, "So you don't have to worry about me at all, Yoshua. Just do what you have to do."
Yoshua went abroad on his own many years ago, so he must have
achieved many things. He was probably at the peak of his career right then, so he couldn't stop for her.
Initially, he was conflicted, but when he raised his head and saw her clear and gentle eyes, that feeling disappeared in an instant.
His sister was all grown up.
Yoshua took out a card from his wallet and handed it to Lucille. He stated, "This is the money I earned myself. You can spend as much as you want. Lucille, I was going to take you with me, but now that you've said that, know you aren't the same child who used to cry while hiding behind me."
"I'm just a little regretful that I haven't been able to watch you grow up over the years," he added.
Yoshua paused for a moment, then squeezed out a smile. "Take good care of yourself. If someone bullies you again, call me. I'll come back and kill
Delapfondement
them! Also, take good care of yourself. I'm leaving!"
After that, he went straight out.
His figure was slender, but determined
273
Madam Dahlia, who had returned with a glass of water, was stunned. She couldn't help shouting, "Why are you leaving without even having any water, Mr. Yoshua? Is there something urgent? Where are you going, Mr. Yoshua?" Yoshua replied from the doorway.
"I'm going to save up for my sister's wedding!"
His voice was distant, and the car sped off.
Lucille sat where she was and did not send him off.
She looked at the bank card in her hand and chuckled.
It was nice to have a brother like that.
That evening...
It was dark.
Lucille changed her clothes and went out with Molly.
There was still half an hour left before the auction at Mount Ocean House would officially begin.
On the way there, Molly chewed on a lollipop and asked, "Lucille, what if we don't have enough money?"
Lucille thought for a moment and responded, "We'll steal it, then. No
matter what, I want my mother's CD."
Molly nodded gravely. "Okay. I'll help you keep watch."noveldrama
"Okay."
The taxi driver in front of them heard their conversation, in which they acted as if nobody else could hear them.
Disappointment
He couldn't help glancing at them through the rearview mirror. As soon as the car arrived at the destination, he immediately stopped, like he was afraid that they would run off without paying. "Here we are. The fare is 35 dollars."
Lucille paid the money and quietly thanked him before walking toward the auction with Molly.
The employees at the door checked the invitation letters one by one.
Lucille had asked the person in charge of Mount Ocean House, who had made a deal with her, for an invitation two days ago. Thus, she was able to smoothly enter the auction.
There were a lot of people inside, and there were many guests present.
Most of them were there for Annabelle's CD.
When Lucille entered, she heard a lot of people talking about it. Someone said, "I heard that there are a few big shots in the city who are determined to get Annabelle's CD. I wonder what the final price will be?" "Hey, don't say that. If I had the strength, I would buy it for fun, too. After all... who doesn't want to see the once famous beauty, Annabelle, right?"
###Reminiscing
"We all know what men are thinking. Besides, no matter how beautiful that woman is, she was just a plaything. Even though she pretended to be a graceful, pretty woman at the time, she still ended up messing around. Let me tell you a secret. Actually, I've slept with her before... Hehehe." The man who spoke had a mysterious expression on his face. As he spoke, he seemed to be reminiscing on something.
All of a sudden, wicked smiles appeared on everyone's faces.
Lucille-stopped in her tracks.
She continued walking slowly as if she didn't hear anything.
-However, she sent a silver needle flying out.
The expression of the man who had been chatting excitedly froze, and then he bent down painfully. His forehead was covered with sweat, and his face was pale.
A few seconds later, the man was sent to the hospital urgently.
Lucille kept her gaze steadily forward and sat in the last row with Molly since it was the most inconspicuous place.
Minutes later, the auction officially began..
The items that were being auctioned in front of her included treasures, calligraphy, paintings, antiques, vases, jewelry, and diamonds. Lucille was not interested in those at all. She had never even raised her bidding paddle. Molly sat beside her obediently, eating while they waited.
The auction went on for quite some time. Before the final item was auctioned, Mount Ocean House present another item. It was a very delicate and exquisite jade pot.
The pot was smaller than a person's palm, and it was completely made out of emerald-green jade. It was smooth like a crystal and absolutelynoveldrama
gorgeous. As it slowly rotated under the glass dome, the shimmering light of its reflection left many people dazzled.
"Wow! This is a real treasure! I heard that it's an antique with centuries of history. It's the only thing that has been preserved in perfect condition. It's got amazing value as a collectible!"
"Of course it does. The starting price is 50 million!"
The discussion gradually stopped because someone was raising his paddle to bid.
50 million went up to 70 million.
70 million went up to 90 million.
As the price rose higher and higher, fewer and fewer people were raising their paddles.
"90 million, calling once!"
Just when the host was announcing the bid, someone from a private room, on the second floor said, "150 million."
There was a dead silence.
Lucille raised her head and looked at the room on the second floor.
From her point of view, she could only see a tall and slender silhouette.
The man was sitting by the window, with one hand hanging on the wooden railing. His five fingers were clean and slender, and his joints were very defined.
Lucille looked away after a quick glance.
The hammer struck down.
The jade pot was bought by the man at a price of 150 million dollars.
Finally, the last item appeared.
A CD was placed in the glass dome.
Most of the people who came to the auction were there for the CD. Finally, Remilsong
it was there. Some people couldn't hold back their excitement and
uncontrollably yelled, "Show us the contents inside. Who knows if it's the real deal?"
The person in charge of Mount Ocean House shook his head and said with a smile, "I'm sure everyone here knows the value of this film. To ensure that this auction is unique, we won't release its content. However, as for the legitimacy of it, please believe us." Hearing that, the audience was no longer angry.
It made sense. The starting price was 50 million. If they were to play the CD right then and there, it would lose all its value.
"Okay, okay. Enough nonsense. We are all waiting. Let's start!"
"Okay."
The person in charge grinned and announced, "This last item is a CD of Annabelle Johnson's last on-stage performance. She was once the most beautiful woman in the world. The starting price is 50 million. Please begin bidding!"
###Birthday Gift
Lucille's
gaze swept past the crowd and landed on the CD.
The date written on it was a day before her seventh birthday.
At the time, the world-famous Annabelle took the camera to the backstage lounge after saying her last farewells to her beloved stage with tears in her eyes. She gently stated that she would prepare a birthday gift for her daughter. Unfortunately, before Lucille could receive the gift, the Jules family was destroyed overnight.
After searching far and wide, it turned out that the CD was in Shein City.
No wonder she couldn't find it in Dilsburg no matter how hard she looked.
Lucille closed her eyes.
She wondered if this was fate.
Soon, the bidding price rose from 50 million to 57 million. The atmosphere gradually heated up. Finally, a rich businessman opened his mouth and shouted, "I'll pay 100 million dollars!"
The whole place was in an uproar.
He was paying 100 million for a single CD. It was insane!
The rich businessman puffed out his chest and seemed to be very satisfied with the envious look in everyone's eyes. He opened his mouth, looking a little arrogant, and asked, "Is there anyone else who wants to raise the bid? If not, I'll take it away." It seemed that he was determined to get it.
With a click of her tongue, Molly chewed on the candy in her mouth and questioned, "Lucille, shall we raise our paddle?"
It was about time.
Hirthday Gif
Lucille said, "Do it."
Molly immediately raised the paddle up high.
Lucille's cold voice echoed in the quiet auction room. "I'll pay 120 million."
Everyone turned their heads in the direction of the voice. They were surprised.
"Huh? Are my eyes playing tricks on me? There's a little girl who wants this CD?"
"She's offering 120 million dollars. Whose daughter is she? Why haven't I seen her before..."noveldrama
gazes were
All sorts of observing Lucille's face.
She didn't even frown. In order to avoid trouble, she had deliberately disguised herself and Molly before they went out, so she wasn't worried that anyone would recognize her.
The person in charge of Mountain Sea House shouted, "Alright, this young lady has bid 120 million. 120 million, calling once. Does anyone want to-"
Before he could finish, a steady voice was heard from the third row.
"150 million."
The voice was extremely familiar.
Lucille looked in the direction of the voice and was surprised to find that it was the original host's eldest brother, Bernard.
What did he want the CD for?
Her face darkened and she spat again, "I'll add another 20 million!"
That was 170 million!
Initially, she thought that Bernard would back down when faced with such
a high price. However, he didn't even flinch. He only pushed his gold-rimmed glasses up and flatly stated, "190 million."
Lucille was speechless.
Birthday Gift
373
If she kept bidding, she wouldn't have any money left.
Gritting her teeth, Lucille was extremely unwilling to give up.
She did get a commission of 100 million dollars from stealing the bone. whistle. She also had à few dozen million from selling the Jules family's villa, as well as the treatment fee for Hilda's daughter. All of that combined. barely added up to 200 million. Thus, she decided to throw caution to the wind.
Lucille thundered, "200 million!"
She hoped that Bernard would stop fighting for it.
However, as soon as she said that, Bernard countered, "I'll add another one million."
Perhaps he could tell that she could no longer afford it. Thus, he didn't raise the price too much.
Lucille was at a loss for words.
What a terrible brother he was.
200 million dollars was all she had. She really couldn't afford to add another million.
Rules were rules. If she didn't have money, she couldn't continue bidding. Otherwise, if she couldn't pay up, the CD would end up in someone else's hands anyway.
Lucille didn't raise her paddle again.
The host asked with a smile, "Is there anyone else who wants to raise the price?"
###Calling Twice
There was a dead silence.
This price was enough to scare away most people.
"Okay. 201 million, calling once. 201 million, calling twice."
Just as the host raised his hammer and was about to finalize the bid, a
lazy and pleasant voice was heard from the room upstairs.
"One billion."
Those two words caused havoc to erupt in the auction room.
"D*mn! One billion? Did I hear that right?"
"Oh, my god. It was definitely worth it coming here. My eyes have been opened.
"Wait, the big shot who just bid one billion seems to be the same one who bought the jade pot. He sure is a rich man. He must be absolutely loaded!"
The crowd was in a heated discussion.
Lucille raised her head.
Again, the only thing she could see was a pair of slender fingers with defined joints.
The man was sitting by the window, and most of his body was blocked by the curtain. One could only see his fingertips lightly tapping on the wooden railing, looking laidback and casual.
Even Bernard couldn't afford such a price.
He got up and left the auction room.
Thus, the CD was naturally bought by the person who had bid one billion. dollars.
The man sat in the room on the second floor and did not reveal himself from beginning to end. Even after he won the bid, he asked his
subordinates to pay before leaving the scene quietly.
Lucille walked out of the auction and stopped a car by the roadside.
Molly followed her and asked, "Lucille, when are we going to steal the CD?"
Lucille said, "Let's go back and find out who that person is first. Otherwise, we won't have a clue."
All the information of the people who participated in the auction was confidential. There was no way Mount Ocean House would reveal the identity and address of that big shot to the public, so she would have to check their database herself. That was a piece of cake for her.
Molly nodded and got into the car.
When they returned to the Jules Residence, it was already 11 o'clock at night.
Madam Dahlia was still awake. When she saw them coming back, she immediately greeted them and said, "You're back, Miss Jules. Just now, Mr. Joseph came over and asked me to give you these two boxes."
As she spoke, she pointed at the two boxes of gifts on the coffee table.
She opened them up and saw that the first box contained a small jade pot that was smaller than the size of her palm.
The other box contained a CD that she was so desperate to get that she was even willing to steal it.
Lucille's eyelashes fluttered.
Joseph was the one who had sent them?
In other words, the big shot who had just spent one billion dollars to buy the CD was actually Joseph.
She froze for a moment, and an indescribable emotion began to spread from the bottom of her heart...
Molly was very excited. She exclaimed, "That's great. We don't have tonoveldrama
Calling Twice
steal it anymore!"
Lucille returned to her own room after she carefully put away the film.
She took off the disguise on her face and went to the balcony of the bedroom.
From her side of the balcony, she could see Joseph's master bedroom.
Lucille didn't think he was around, but when she looked up, she saw him leaning on a deck chair on the balcony with a leisurely posture. He was holding a pure white, kitten in his arms, which was absolutely beautiful The wind carried his voice over to her. He was talking to the cat.
"How can you be so cute, Lala?" he cooed.
Lucille was at a loss for words.
The corner of her mouth twitched.
Her nickname was Bobo, while the cat's name was Lala.
Lucille suspected that he was doing it on purpose.
From a few meters away, Lucille shouted, "Joseph!"
He glanced at her from afar. Suddenly, a smile appeared on his face. His alluring eyes were deep and charming. His every movement was arrogant and noble, and he exuded a lazy, wicked aura that emanated from the depths of his bones. His aura was vast as the starry sky, making it hard for people to take their eyes off him.
He chuckled and asked, "Why aren't you sleeping, Bobo?"
###Obedient and Smart
Before Lucille could say anything, the little cat in Joseph's arms meowed. Its amber-like eyes were gorgeous, and its little head was moving. She looked obedient and smart.
As soon as Joseph reached out, the little cat rubbed its head against his hand.
It was an alluring thing to watch.
Lucille lowered her gaze and voiced the question that was on her mind.
"Joseph, why did you give me the jade pot?"
"It's exquisite and small. I figured you would like it." He thought she would like it, so he gave it to her for no other reason.
"Then..." Lucille's hand quietly tightened. She raised her head and asked again, "What about the CD?"
He had spent one billion dollars to buy the CD. She refused to believe that it was just a coincidence.
Joseph raised his eyebrows and asked, "Hm? Aren't you a fan of
Annabelle? Otherwise, why would you beat Wayne up for insulting her?"
Lucille was stunned for a moment. For a moment, all of her tension. disappeared.
That was a good excuse. No one would suspect her identity.
Lucille heaved a sigh of relief with her lips curled into a bright grin.
"Yes, I'm Annabelle's fan. Thank you for helping me buy this CD, Mr. Joseph. Good night."
With that, Lucille turned around and returned to her bedroom.
She locked the door and windows, closed the curtains, and then picked up her laptop. After a few seconds of hesitation, she put the CD inside. Obedient and Smart
23
Lucille took a deep breath, her fingertips trembling slightly.
Soon, the computer screen lit up, and she heard a familiar and musical tune. The woman's voice was like the sound of nature, melodious and beautiful. It was gentle and comforting like a spring breeze or a drizzle.
A beam of light lit up the dark stage.
Under the illumination, the woman was dressed in red. Her long hair was tied into a simple bun, with only a hairpin. When she turned around, her face was full of theatrics. Her expressions were vibrant, and she looked. lively. Between every expression she made, there was a combination of gracefulness and gentleness. When she danced, she was as elegant as a
swan.
That was the most beautiful woman who had been famous all over the world, Annabelle.
With her beauty and moving tone, she became famous with her songs and became known all over the country.
She was the wife of the God of War in Dilsburg, Hamilton Jules.
Besides that, she was Lucille's mother.
The sound continued to linger after the song was done.
The video kept playing, and the camera followed Annabelle to the lounge. backstage.
She washed the makeup off her face and said to the camera with a smile," Tomorrow is my precious daughter's birthday. Bobo, I'm sure you have no idea that Grandma and I have prepared a birthday gift for you! This gift is a little special, though. You have to find it yourself!"
It cut to a different video, and a kind-looking old lady wearing glasses appeared.noveldrama
Lucille muttered, "Grandma..."
Under the lens, Madam Jules pushed her glasses up. Her wise and loving eyes seemed to look straight through the screen as if she was gazing at Obedient and Smart
Lucille. She stated, "You have to find my gift for you, Bobo. It's hidden in-"
There was no sound after that. They had seemingly put defensive measures in place, and she had to read her grandmother's lips.
Lucille was shocked. She went back and rewatched it several times. In the end, she was sure that the words her grandmother said were "Talford Village".
That happened to be her grandmother's hometown.
There was no need for them to spend so much effort preparing a birthday gift for the seven-year-old Lucille.
There had to be more to it.
On top of that, the Jules family was destroyed immediately after that. As a science and technology professor, her grandmother devoted her whole life to research, but in the end, she and her grandfather both died in a mysterious car accident.
There was undoubtedly a complicated backstory to it.
She had to go to Talford Village.
At the end of the video, there were two gentle and loving faces who were smiling.
###Miss You All
I Miss You All
Lucille reached out to touch the screen, and her eyes suddenly began to
water.
"Grandma, mother, grandpa, and father. I miss you all so much..."
The night was long and lonely.
In the villa next door...
Joseph was still lying on the lounge chair. His eyes were closed, and his clean and slender fingers tapped on the little cat's head. No one could guess what he was thinking.
Culver stepped forward, closed the window, and whispered, "It's late, Mr. Joseph. It's time for you to rest."
"Yes," he responded lazily. However, he did not move.
Culver hesitated for two seconds and tentatively asked, "Mr. Joseph, the dress that Mrs. Collins wore at the engagement party proves that there is no scar on her back. It means that she is not the person you are looking for. In that case... should we continue looking for the little girl who broke her promise on Life and Death Street?"
Joseph suddenly opened his eyes from where he was sitting on the deck chair. An overwhelming pressure engulfed the air.
Culver's heart skipped a beat. He immediately lowered his head and said, I'm sorry, Mr. Joseph. I shouldn't have asked that question when I already
knew the answer."
"I don't think that's all there is to it. There's a hidden meaning to your words."
Joseph glanced at him with a hint of a smile on his face. His voice was slightly cold and deep as he continued, "If you try to test me again, you can leave my side."
"I'm sorry!" Culver blurted.
* Mas You Al
10
He knelt down and bluntly stated, "I'm just worried, Mr. Joseph. I've never heard of Mrs. Collins having medical skills that are better than Master Walton's. Even Master Walton couldn't do it, but Mrs. Collins is able to cure you? I'm just concerned. If she was sent by those people..."
Since things had gotten to that point, Culver simply continued speaking. without hesitation.
"Mr. Joseph, according to our previous investigation, the daughter of the Jules family was a weak girl and an easy target. However, ever since she drowned, her personality has changed as if she was replaced by another person. I suspect that something is off about her identity. Either she has been replaced, or she's been hiding the truth all this while."
No matter what the truth was, it showed that Lucille was very scheming. They had to keep their guard up.
Joseph was casually playing with the cat as if he didn't care at all. He even asked, "So what?"
Culver choked, looking embarrassed.
It would be silly to say that Lucille had been replaced.
Who could look exactly the same as her from head to toe?
Moreover, Joseph's attitude clearly showed that even if there was something wrong with Lucille, he did not think it was a problem.
Culver was speechless.
Joshua got up from the lounge chair with the cat in his arms. As he
walked slowly into the room, he also warned, "I'll spare you one last time, Culver. I don't want to hear such words again in the future." "Yes, Mr. Joseph!"
The next morning....
Lucille hid the CD. When she went to wash up, she took off the pearl
necklace Yoshua had given her and got a box to put it in.noveldrama
It was Monday.
She had to go to school.
After having breakfast, Lucille went out alone.
When she got to the door of the Jules Residence, she noticed that Joseph was sitting in his car. He seemed to be waiting for her leisurely.
Lucille did not bother being polite and got into the car.
"Meow! Meow!"
She heard a cute voice from beneath her feet. Lucille lowered her gaze and saw a little white ball jumping onto her lap. It rubbed against her hand in a clingy manner. The little cat was furry and felt wonderful to pet.
Lucille quite liked it. She could not help but ask, "Can I hug it?"
Joseph chuckled. His eyes darkened as he said, "That would make it very happy."
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
I Miss You All
Lucille reached out to touch the screen, and her eyes suddenly began to
water.
"Grandma, mother, grandpa, and father. I miss you all so much..."
The night was long and lonely.
In the villa next door...
Joseph was still lying on the lounge chair. His eyes were closed, and his clean and slender fingers tapped on the little cat's head. No one could guess what he was thinking.
Culver stepped forward, closed the window, and whispered, "It's late, Mr. Joseph. It's time for you to rest."
"Yes," he responded lazily. However, he did not move.
Culver hesitated for two seconds and tentatively asked, "Mr. Joseph, the dress that Mrs. Collins wore at the engagement party proves that there is no scar on her back. It means that she is not the person you are looking for. In that case... should we continue looking for the little girl who broke her promise on Life and Death Street?"
Joseph suddenly opened his eyes from where he was sitting on the deck chair. An overwhelming pressure engulfed the air.
Culver's heart skipped a beat. He immediately lowered his head and said, I'm sorry, Mr. Joseph. I shouldn't have asked that question when I already
knew the answer."
"I don't think that's all there is to it. There's a hidden meaning to your words."
Joseph glanced at him with a hint of a smile on his face. His voice was slightly cold and deep as he continued, "If you try to test me again, you can leave my side."
"I'm sorry!" Culver blurted.
*Mas You Al
10
He knelt down and bluntly stated, "I'm just worried, Mr. Joseph. I've never heard of Mrs. Collins having medical skills that are better than Master Walton's. Even Master Walton couldn't do it, but Mrs. Collins is able to cure you? I'm just concerned. If she was sent by those people..."
Since things had gotten to that point, Culver simply continued speaking.
###Backlight
As soon as Lucille stretched out her hand, the tiny cat jumped into her arms. It was adorable and lovable. Lucille stroked the little cat's chin. Her expression softened and her lips. curved into a faint smile.
The car started moving, and the scenery on both sides of the road swept past it.
Bright rays of morning sunlight spilled in from the outside, enveloping Lucille.
Under the sun, her profile was calm, and her long eyelashes were
fluttering like butterflies. Joseph side-eyed her and saw that her skin was as white as snow. It was smooth like jade and clear like porcelain. From his point of view, he could see the cute fluff on her face in the glow of the backlight.
When the luxury car was about to reach the school, Lucille let go of the kitten and turned her head, saying, "Joseph, I might have to delay treating you for two days."
The reason why she was going to school was to ask Master Walton for a few days off.
She had to make a trip to Talford Village.
Joseph came back to his senses and did not ask anything. All he said was, "Okay."
Soon, the car came to a steady stop.
Culver, who was driving in the front row, nodded respectfully. "We're here, Mrs. Collins."
"Thank you."
Lucille got out of the car and strode toward the school.
After passing through the quiet path, Lucille headed straight for the classrooms.
However, she couldn't find Master Walton. Instead, she ran into Jenny and Zoey, who were in the sports field, as well as a group of followers behind them.
"Oh, I was wondering who it was. Looks like it's Mrs. Collins!"
Upon seeing Lucille, Jenny immediately stood in front of her. In a mysterious tone, she taunted, "Tsk, tsk. I heard about the engagement party on Saturday. It was such a grand event! We haven't even congratulated you on being able to worm your way into the high-class Collins family."
Lucille remained calm and replied, "Thank you."
She seemed as if she didn't care about the provocation at all.
Jenny choked and felt as if her attack had been completely useless.
She couldn't help but become angry from embarrassment. Without thinking, she snapped, "What are you showing off for? You're just riding on Mr. Joseph's coattails! Besides, everyone in Shein City knows that no matter how talented Mr. Joseph is, he doesn't have much time left. So what if you become a part of the Collins family? In the end, you'll just be a widow."
Under the shade of a nearby tree, Joseph had an amused look on his face.
Obviously, he had heard all of it.
Culver's face was livid. He couldn't help asking, "Mr. Joseph, do you want. me to teach the daughter of the Zanes family a lesson?"
Before Joseph had a chance to respond, he heard a clear and loud slap resound through the sports field.
Smack!
A handprint appeared on Jenny's face.
Lucille slowly withdrew her hand and steadily stated, "Your breath stinks.
Backlight
Don't talk to me."
"How dare you hit me?"
Jenny was furious. She raised her hand and summoned the group of followers behind her. She ordered, "Beat her! Beat her to death!"
The group of followers did not dare to hesitate and immediately. surrounded Lucille.
She was clearly outnumbered.
Lucille, who was surrounded by the crowd, merely raised her eyebrows. There was not the slightest hint of fear on her face. Instead, she laughed and casually muttered, "That's right. I've never bullied anyone, so... you'd better come at me together." Those words showed that she was the epitome of defiance.noveldrama
Jenny began cackling from rage, then gave an order. "Go!"
The fight began, and the group of followers began aggressively charging at Lucille.
"Don't be like this. We're all classmates here. We can talk this out. You don't have to get physical!" Zoey began stamping her feet anxiously. She wanted to stop them but was pulled back by Jenny.
"Don't worry, Zoey. This time, it has nothing to do with you! I just want to teach her a lesson so that she can know who's really in charge of this school," Jenny muttered.
She roared, "Get her!"
Her followers immediately made their move.
Under the shade of the tree, Culver was a little worried.
""Mr. Joseph, do you want me to go and help Mrs. Collins?"
"There's no need." Joseph chuckled. There was a hint of tenderness in his
eyes as he added, "She's having quite a bit of fun."
###Sent Flying
Having fun? Wasn't she clearly at a disadvantage?
Culver couldn't bear to watch. When he was about to turn away, he saw someone who was sent flying out of the sports field. Whoosh!
There was one, and then another, and then a third.
All of them were kicked away.
Culver was dumbfounded. His eyes were wide open.
""This is..."
Wasn't it way too violent?
Lucille, who was surrounded, punched them all one by one. In less than two minutes, all of them collapsed at her feet.
Instead of them beating her up, it was obvious that she was the one who had turned the whole place upside down with her strength.
Howls and wails echoed through the sports field.
After all of the lackeys were knocked down, Lucille looked at Jenny. She stretched her wrist and asked with a faint smile, "Will you lie down on your own, or should I help you do so?" Jenny was speechless.
Was there a difference?
"Lucille, who do you think you are? Do you really think I'm afraid of you?"noveldrama
Jenny sneered and stood where she was, her face full of provocation." Come on, then. Hit me if you can!"
"Okay. You asked for it."
Lucille began to smirk.
It didn't matter if Jenny had yet to learn her lesson. Lucille didn't mind using her fists to teach her one more time.
However, Zoey pushed her away at that moment. She shouted, "Lucille, you can't bully people like this!"
Lucille didn't move an inch even after being pushed.
Zoey, on the other hand, fell to the ground because she lost her balance. Her elbow and palm scraped against the ground, and she instantly began. to bleed. "Ah!"
She screamed, and tears began flowing out of her eyes in an instant.
At the same time, a figure rushed-forward and squatted in front of Zoey. He asked with concern, "Are you okay?
"Samuel..."
Zoey began sobbing. "It hurts so much."
Samuel was furious. He suddenly stood up and yelled at Lucille, "Are you done or not? Do you really have to bully Zoey every single day?"
Lucille scratched her ears.
Zoey was the one who had bumped into Lucille, but Lucille ended up getting accused of pushing her to the ground.
How did that make any sense?
The corner of Lucille's mouth twitched. Sarcastically, she replied, "What right do you have to question me? Is your brain just for decoration, or are you just blind?"
Samuel gritted his teeth. His face was so gloomy that it seemed like a dark. cloud was hanging over his head.
"Lucille, apologize to Zoey!" he demanded.
"What if I don't?" Lucille taunted.
"Then don't blame me for hitting you!" Samuel clenched his fists and ordered, "Apologize to her right now!"
On the ground, Zoey covered her elbow with her hands. Although she was in so much pain that she could not hold back her tears, she still tugged the hem of Samuel's trousers and murmured, "Forget it, Samuel. I'm sure Lucille didn't do it on purpose. It's all my fault for not keeping my balance."
Hearing that, Jenny was exasperated. "You keep getting bullied by her because of how kind you are, Zoey! What's more, you're injured. Is it so difficult for her to apologize?"
Zoey lowered her head and couldn't say a word.
No one saw that there was a flash of satisfaction in her gaze.
Samuel's face tensed up and he gritted his teeth.
"Lucille, I've given you a chance. Since you don't know what's good for you,
don't blame me for losing my composure," he warned.
After that, he raised his hand and grabbed Lucille's shoulder...
###A Layer of Frost
From his movements, he was trying to press Lucille's head down and
force her to apologize to Zoey.
What a b*stard.
Who did he think he was?
Lucille did not move. Her gaze was covered in a layer of frost.
She was willing to bet that the moment Samuel touched her, she would not hesitate to kick him in the crotch. She would bless him by making sure he would never be able to have any children. However, just as Samuel's hand was about to come into contact with Lucille's shoulder, a stone came flying from nowhere and hit the back of Samuel's hand.
The force contained within the stone was odd. It hit his tendons accurately.
Samuel was caught off guard and subconsciously retreated, but it was still too late. The back of his hand went numb.
"Who? Who is it?"
Samuel was in so much pain that his face turned pale. He looked around to look for the person who threw the stone. Sensing something, Lucille turned around and looked over as well.
Under the shade of a nearby tree, a tall and slender figure was slowly walking over.
Obviously, it was Joseph.
Continuous gasps could be heard throughout the sports field.
Mr. Joseph!
It was really him!noveldrama
Joseph had a subtle grin on his face. Casually, he said, "I threw it. Do you
2
have a problem?"
Samuel's face instantly turned ashen.
"What is the meaning of this, Mr. Joseph? I don't think I've provoked you," he stated.
"If my ears serve me right, you seem to have tried to force my wife to apologize to someone just now, Mr. Gilbert," Joseph replied.
Then, he suddenly let out a quiet chuckle. He looked at Zoey, who was sitting on the ground, and asked, "Isn't that so, Miss Johnson?"
At first glance, there was a gentle look in his eyes, but when one looked again, his gaze was cold as ice. There was a chilling atmosphere around him.
Zoey was scared out of her wits. She bit her lips, looking wronged, and shook her head. "No, Mr. Joseph. Just now... It was just a
misunderstanding."
"Since it's a misunderstanding
The smile on Joseph's face suddenly
disappeared, and his tone suddenly became heavier. "Aren't you going to apologize?"
His aura was so strong that everyone around him shivered.
Even Samuel was no exception.
The lackeys, whose faces were swollen and bruised, looked at each other in dismay. Then, they quickly bowed and apologized to Lucille. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. We were wrong. We won't do this again in the future." After saying that, they saw that Joseph looked relatively satisfied. They looked at each other and then quickly ran away.
Jenny panicked. Earlier, in an attempt to provoke Lucille, she had said that Joseph didn't have much time left. She had no idea if he had heard her. If he did, she wasn't sure if she would be able to live until the next day... Just as she was feeling frightened, she saw Joseph's cold gaze fall on her.
"You don't have to apologize, Miss Zanes," he said.
Hearing that, Jenny's face lit up and she couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief.
"Thank you, Mr. Joseph!"
It seemed that he was still considerate toward the Zanes family.
Thinking of that, Jenny cast a smug glance at Lucille and was about to leave happily. However, as soon as she took a step forward, she heard. Joseph speaking with a mysterious grin on his face. "Don't bother apologizing. Just kneel."
His voice was still low and pleasant, but there was no warmth in it at all.
Jenny almost thought that she had misheard. She couldn't help but widen her eyes and ask, "I-Is there a mistake, Mr. Joseph?"
She was Jenny!
Jenny, the daughter of the Zanes family!
For her to kneel down to Lucille, wouldn't that be a public slap to the Zanes family's face?
Joseph smirked. There was a hint of cruelty in his tenderness as he asked, "Will you do it yourself, or shall I help you?"
His words were just like what Lucille had said earlier. Would Jenny lie down herself, or did she want Lucille to help her? Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###Ran Away While Crying
Culver couldn't help but think to himself, "Is this what they call the tacit understanding between a married couple?" Jenny wailed.
She was so frightened by the look in Joseph's eyes that she stood rooted
to the ground. Then, she knelt down while sobbing.
Lucille moved to dodge her and blandly said, "Get lost."
Jenny seemed to be greatly humiliated. She got up from the ground and ran away while crying.
At that moment, only Samuel and Zoey were left.
Samuel bent over and picked Zoey up from the ground. After that, he was about to leave with a cold face.
Culver stood in front of him and expressionlessly stated, "It seems that you haven't apologized to Mrs. Collins yet, Mr. Gilbert."
Samuel gritted his teeth and coldly replied, "What if I don't?"
Before he knew it, the tables were turned.
Lucille had responded the same way when he asked her to apologize to Zoey.
Right then, it was Samuel's turn.
What goes around comes around.
Culver was still expressionless, but his attitude was firm. "Then you won't be able to leave, Mr. Gilbert."
All of a sudden, the atmosphere became tense.
Zoey held Samuel's arm tightly in fear. With red-rimmed eyes, she said, "Lucille, Samuel didn't mean to make things difficult for you. He was just panicked. If there's anything you're not happy with, I will apologize to you Ron Away While Giyinü.
on his behalf. I'm sorry..."
She knew very well that the more humble she acted, the more Samuel's heart would ache for her.
Similarly, he would hate Lucille even more.
23
Sure enough, Samuel glared at Lucille, seemingly wanting to eat her up. Then, he held Zoey tightly in his arms and asked with a sullen face, "Are you satisfied? Can we go now?"
Culver glanced at Joseph and saw his indifferent expression. Nobody could tell whether he was happy or angry.
Thus, he replied, "As you wish."
With a gloomy face, Samuel engulfed Zoey in his embrace and walkednoveldrama
away.
Things finally came to an end.
Lucille didn't notice the look of hatred in Samuel's eyes at all. She just stared at the stone that had landed at her feet and couldn't help but be shocked. The stone had been thrown from so far away, but it could hit the back of Samuel's hand accurately. On top of that, Joseph was a sick man. Even an ordinary martial arts practitioner would not be able to hit the mark so accurately.
Lucille raised an eyebrow.
She knew that Joseph was more complicated than he seemed, but she didn't expect him to be so mysterious.
Then again, since she was his ally, there was no need to question him
about it.
Lucille raised her head and looked at the proud and noble man in front of her. She asked, "Why are you looking for me at school?" Finally, she wasn't thanking him.
It was an improvement.
Joseph's lips curled into a smile. He took out her phone and said, "You left your phone in the car."
"Oh. Thank you."
It must have dropped out of her pocket when she was petting the cat. She thought that she had left it at home...
Once she got her phone, Lucille immediately called Master Walton.
Master Walton's face was full of surprise. "So, you're at the sports field, Miss Bambo. I happened to have something to talk to you about. I'll be right there!" After hanging up, Lucille saw that Joseph had yet to leave. She couldn't help but ask, "You're still here, Mr. Joseph. Do you want me to treat you to a meal?" Casually, he replied, "What if I am?"
"Then I owe you." Lucille blinked and innocently continued, "When I'm done with everything, I can consider treating you to a meal."
"Is that a promise?"
"Yes."
"Alright." Joseph chuckled. "I'll be waiting, then."
Whispered Something
Lucille nodded.
""It's a deal."
Joseph gazed at Lucille deeply with a hint of a smile in his eyes.
At that moment, Culver picked up the phone, then leaned forward and whispered something. Joseph's expression did not change, but his aura turned dull.
Watching the two of them leave, Lucille looked away and patiently stood in the same spot as she waited for Master Walton.
Before long, he showed up while panting.
"Miss Bambo, I'm here!"
Watching Mr. Wen running while panting, Lucille was afraid that he would fall apart. She couldn't help but say, "Please slow down, Master Walton..." "It's okay, it's okay. I'm perfectly healthy," he reassured.
Master Walton chuckled. After catching his breath, he hurriedly said, "Miss Bambo, I happen to have something to talk to you about. The upper management of the school had a meeting. They intend to set up a free clinic in the countryside. I will be in charge of your class for this program. We will set off early tomorrow morning!"
"Not interested." Lucille rejected him without hesitation. "I'm looking for you because I would like to trouble you to give me three days off, Master Walton."
"I can do that, but this is a rare opportunity. You can earn points from it, too. It'll directly affect your graduation, he replied.
As soon as Master Walton finished speaking, he saw a faint grin on Lucille's face.
He paused before chuckling.
iplined Samethung
20
He forgot that the girl in front of him was no ordinary person.
She was the legendary Bambo! In this field, she had absolute power over everything.
Those points obviously didn't matter to her.
Master Walton sighed. "Miss Bambo, wanted to take this opportunity to learn something from you, but now it seems that I have to wait for the next
time.
Lucille smiled without saying a word.
He took out a pen from his pocket and wrote a request for leave while saying, "The free clinic will be set up quite far away. It's in Talford Village, and it'll take a week to wrap up everything. I might as well just give you the whole week off, Miss Bambo." "Where?" Lucille almost thought that she had misheard. She could not help but ask, "Master Walton, did you just say that the free clinic is located in Talford Village?"
He answered, "Yes. This event was proposed by the Gilbert family. They were going to do charity propaganda for their own company. Somehow, Samuel, the son of the Gilbert family, came to the school in person and discussed the matter with the school leaders. They came to an agreement and decided to take the students of the class to Talford Village and open a
free clinic."
Master Walton went on to complain, "They didn't announce it in advance and only decided on it today. I was in such a hurry that I couldn't even make preparations for it. If not for the fact that the citizens in Talford. Village might be in need of medical treatment, I wouldn't have gone."
At the same time, Lucille received a message on her phone.
Her teacher had announced in the class group that the free clinic would be held the next day. All the students were excited, and soon there was a heated discussion in the group.
Even through the screen, she could feel their anticipation.
Whispered Something
Lucille lowered her gaze. There was only one thing on her mind.
Even if Samuel was going to do charity, why had he chosen Talford Village, which was located so far away from Shein City?
Was it a coincidence or was it on purpose?
Talford Village was her grandmother's hometown. If Samuel had any ulterior motives, was he taking people there in the name of charity in an attempt to conceal his true intentions? For a moment, several thoughts flashed through Lucille's mind.
In the end, Lucille took the paper from Master Walton and tore it to shreds. Plainly, she stated, "Master Walton, you're right. There might really be
people in the town who need medical treatment, so I'll go with you." "Really? That's great!"
###Cried Her Way Home
Cried Her Way Home
Master Walton was overjoyed and hurriedly said, "We're gathering at thenoveldrama
school gate tomorrow morning, Miss Bambo. Don't be late."
"Okay."
Lucille nodded and left the school.
Meanwhile, Jenny pretty much cried her way home.
"Dad!".
As soon as Jenny entered the door, she threw herself into Sebastian's arms. She sobbed so hard that she couldn't breathe. Her eyes were red with shame and scarlet with hatred. "Dad, help me kill that b*tch. I want her to die. I want her to die!".
""What's going on?"
Sebastian's heart ached. He hurriedly questioned, "Tell me, my dear daughter. Who dared to bully you?"
""Lucille!"
Jenny wailed and told him the whole story.
She did not mention that she told her lackeys to gang up on Lucille. All she said was that Lucille was relying on Joseph to make Jenny kneel down to
her.
Hearing that, Sebastian was so angry that he nearly exploded.
"That damned girl again!"
His memory of Lucille was fresh.
Last time, she was the one who had gotten Jenny locked up in the detention center, causing him to think of countless ways to get his
daughter out. He even wanted to put Lucille in jail on the charge of theft,
Cried Her Way Home
but unexpectedly, she was able to easily worm her way out. Instead, het was the one who got charged with slander!
"This little girl is really capable. She can actually make Mr. Joseph, who has never been close to women, stand up for her!" Sebastian sneered. "I underestimated her."
"Dad!" Jenny took the opportunity to provoke him. "Think about it. That little b*tch Lucille is only arrogant now because she married into the Collins family. If she actually manages to secure her position in the future, don't you think she will take advantage of the Collins family's power to suppress our family?"
Sebastian looked at her and asked, "What do you want to do about it?"
"I want her to disappear forever!" Jenny clenched her fists. It was obvious. that she hated her very much.
Sebastian shook his head and said, "No. You know she's the mistress of the Collins family now, and she has the support of Mr. Joseph. If we hurt her, we will lose more than we gain by offending Mr. Joseph."
"But-"
Jenny still wanted to say something but was interrupted by Sebastian. Jenny, has Wayne from the Carter family not been going to school for al while?"
She was stunned for a moment upon hearing that. Then, she nodded and replied, "Yes, he had a fight with Lucille last time and was almost strangled to death by her. After that, Wayne was sent to the hospital. He hasn't shown up for the past couple of days. He-" "Something happened to him," Sebastian stated.
With a poker face, he continued, "Two days ago, he was walking on the road when someone put him in a sack and broke two of his ribs. After that, one of his fingers was inexplicably broken. Guess who did it?". "W-Who is it?"
"Who else could it be other than Mr. Joseph?" Sebastian sneered. "He's
Cried Her Way Home
backing his fiancée up. He is warning everyone who wants to hurt her, telling them to watch out."
Jenny's jaw dropped. The jealousy in his eyes was overflowing.
"I don't care. I want this b*tch to disappear!"
33
"No. With Mr. Joseph behind her, we can't touch her." After Sebastian finished speaking, his tone suddenly changed as he looked at his daughter with a smile. "Despite that, we can teach her a lesson so that she will never be arrogant again."
Jenny's eyes lit up. She hurriedly asked, "Do you have an idea, Dad?"
"Isn't your class doing a free clinic in the countryside tomorrow? It's such a poor and remote place. There are lots of good opportunities to be found there." Sebastian's grin was mysterious, and his face was full of affection. "Anyone who dares to bully my daughter will get what they deserve!"
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###Nearly Full
Nearly Full
The next day...
The breeze was gentle and the clouds billowed calmly.
At eight o'clock in the morning, the two large buses in front of the school gate were nearly full. There were also long rows of cars from the Gilbert family which were lined up in an orderly manner.
Compared to the rest of the students, who were carrying luggage bags full of snacks, Lucille had only one backpack with her. She had packed two or three sets of clothes, as well as some soap. There was camouflage tools hidden at the very bottom.
She packed as light as possible.
also
a set of
Jenny's sharp eyes caught sight of Lucille, who was walking toward them from the side of the road. A cold smile tugged at the corners of Jenny's lips. She looked like she was in a good mood.
The classmates who were close to her could not help but say, "Don't be angry, Jenny. After Lucille gets into the car, we'll all gang up on her. Let's. see if she still has the gall to go to the countryside with us for the free clinic! You'll be able to vent your anger over what happened on the sports. field yesterday, too."
Unexpectedly, Jenny shook her head. With a meaningful grin, she replied, "No. Something good is about to happen."
Sebastian had spent a great deal of money to hire a few people the night. before who would wait for an opportunity to cripple Lucille's legs after they arrived at Talford Village.
She was going to teach Lucille a lesson by crippling her for the rest of her life. Lucille. would never be able to stand up again.
Jenny flashed a smug smirk and began humming out of joy.
Zoey's eyes flickered slightly when she saw that.
Nearly Fulnoveldrama
Jenny had suffered so much on the sports field the day before.
Considering how much she loved to hold grudges, she probably wanted to rip Lucille to shreds. How could Jenny be acting so normal as if she didn't care at all? Unless...
Zoey seemed to have understood something. She smiled and was visibly happy.
At that moment, Lucille got on the bus,
The seats were nearly full. Even if there was an empty seat, others would put their leg up onto it or occupy it with their belongings. They deliberately made things difficult for her and embarrassed her.
Lucille glanced at the crowd and continued to walk forward casually.
Right then, Zoey raised her hand and shouted, "Lucille, come sit with me. was just about to get off the bus, anyway."
As she spoke, she picked up her small bag and got up to give up her seat.
The others were confused. "Why are you getting off the bus, Zoey?"
"..." Zoey's face turned red, and she seemed a little embarrassed.
Jenny raised her voice and said with an ambiguous look on her face, "Do you even need to ask? Obviously, she's going to the motorcade in front to sit in a comfortable, spacious, and luxurious car! Think about it. Who's the one who organized this charity event? It's Mr. Samuel! How could he let Zoey squeeze into this crowded bus?"
With that, Jenny shot a provocative look at Lucille.
Lucille turned a deaf ear and found a seat by the window to sit down. Her face was calm and composed.
When the others heard that, they immediately began crying out and kicked up a fuss.
"I'm so jealous! Do you really have to show off in front of us so early in the morning?"
Nearly Fall
"Oh my god! I wish that was me!"
"Mr. Samuel is so nice to you, Zoey. I told you. There are so many classes in our school, but he chose us specifically for the charity event. It turns out that it's because we have Zoey!" Zoey blushed. Modestly, she muttered, "That's not the case. Don't think too. much about it..."
"If you still won't admit it, then we'll ask Mr. Gilbert ourselves later!"
The girls were laughing and joking, which made Zoey flush even more.
It was then that they heard a steady and mellow voice. "Ask me what?"
It was Samuel.
He had come.
Zoey walked over. She immediately grabbed Samuel's arm and shyly murmured, "Let's go, Samuel. Don't listen to their nonsense.
One of the girls loudly joked, "We were just talking about you, Mr. Samuel. When will Zoey become the mistress of the Gilbert family? We want a piece of the pie when it happens!" Everyone thought that Samuel might not answer the question.
Even Zoey had her eyes on him. Although there was a glimmer of expectation in her eyes, she was more nervous than anything.
Samuel smiled, then put his arm around her waist and said, "I can't make any promises about when it'll happen, but what I can guarantee is that she's the only person who will be my wife."
###Doesn't It Hurt
Zoey was so touched that tears welled up in her eyes. She then grabbed Samuel's face and kissed him.
All of a sudden, squeals could be heard from inside the bus.
"This is true love."
So many vaal
Jenny moved to Lucille's side and deliberately said, "Did you see that? You used to be Samuel's fiancee and even pursued him for Now, he won't even look at you. Doesn't it hurt?"
Lucille remained silent. There was only indifference on her face.
Jenny continued, "You really are a pathetic insect. Tsk, tsk, tsk. I'm sure you've cried a lot in private. I'd like to kindly remind you that your tears are worthless. You'd better not cry. Otherwise, even if you go blind from sobbing, there might be nobody to feel bad for you." Lucille still did not respond.
Jenny went on for a long time, and finally couldn't stand it anymore. She asked, "Hey, are you listening to me?"
This time, Lucille finally had a reaction,
She brushed away her long hair, which was hiding her earphones beneath. it, and coldly asked, "Did you say something?"
Jenny was speechless.
She had been talking for such a long time, but Lucille didn't hear a word.
F*ck. It made Jenny look like an idiot.
She was so angry that he turned around and left.
At that moment, Zoey shook Samuel's arm and asked coyly, "Is there any more space in the cars, Samuel? I want to take a few students with me."
With a doting look on his face, Samuel replied, "Of course. It's up to you."
Doest is Hurt
25
"Thank you, Samuel!"
Zoey was so happy that she immediately invited a few of the girls she was. close with to take the cars in front of the bus.
Jenny also went with them.
The big bus, which was originally full, immediately emptied out by half.
It was much quieter.
Lucille put on her headphones and listened to her own song.
Her phone buzzed twice. It was a message from Master Walton, which read: "Come to the car in front, Miss Bambo. There are drinks and fruits here. It's more comfortable." She replied, "No need."
After rejecting his offer, Lucille put her phone away.
Finally, the bus set off.
The massive motorcade in the front and the two luxury cars behind finally began driving.
It was a five hours' drive from Shein City to Talford Village.
Based on the plan, they would set off at eight o'clock in the morning and. arrive at two o'clock in the afternoon.
However, the daughter of the Gilbert family, who was Samuel's younger sister, Joanne, was sitting in one of the commercial cars in front. She asked the motorcade to stop so she could take photos when she saw the beautiful scenery. With that delay, they kept making stops along the way until they finally arrived at Talford Village in the evening.
It was such a long drive, and the others were already exhausted.
Lucille took off her headsetnoveldrama
They finally arrived.
Under the setting sun, Talford Village was enveloped in a golden glow. The
Doesn't Hurt
mountains in the distance were towering and lush. There were several
magpies hovering above their heads and a cement road stretched forth beneath their feet.
At the end of the road, there was a house with smoke rising out of the chimney.
The motorcade turned in.
One of the boys looked around and couldn't help but complain, "This place is so shabby, poor, and remote. I thought the cars wouldn't be able to drive in. I didn't expect that there was such a wide road in this shabby place." Lucille was expressionless.
That was because... the road to Talford Village was built by her grandmother.
###A Base
Since the conditions in Talford Village were not very good, there was not way Samuel would let his sister and Zoey stay in those run-down houses. As a result, he had given orders to build a base overnight. Although the houses were made out of wood, there were all kinds of facilities inside. There were leather sofas, crystal chandeliers, high-class. chairs, and so on. Everything was incredibly luxurious.
It didn't look like a charity event, but more like a vacation.
The students were extremely excited. They began showering Samuel with flattery.
"Oh my god. Mr. Samuel is so generous!"
"That's right, that's right. It's all thanks to Zoey. If it weren't for her, we wouldn't have such a good opportunity and living conditions!"
"I envy you so much. Having a boyfriend like Mr. Gilbert must be so nice. I bet you're always happy!"
"Exactly. It's such an unfair comparison!" A girl shot Lucille with a look of disdain and added, "Unlike some people, who keep shamelessly following others around even when they know that the person doesn't like them. Tsk, tsk, tsk. How can they be so shameless?" "I heard that we don't have enough rooms. The boys and girls will be separated, with four people in one room. Let's talk about it first. I don't want to be in the same room as Lucille! I might get nightmares!"
"Me too!"
The crowd of girls gathered together, and it was quite obvious that they were excluding Lucille.
Lucille remained calm and composed. She was not interested in arguing. with a bunch of teenage girls.
Not to mention... she didn't intend to stay there.
213
After getting out of the car, Lucille carried her backpack as she walked
forward.
Before coming to the same village, Lucille had contacted one of the families which was next to her grandmother's old house. That way, it would be much more convenient for her to go into the old house and look around.
At first, the family was unwilling, but after she offered to pay them 300 dollars a day, they enthusiastically agreed and told her their address.
Lucille headed for the village while observing the house numbers.
When she was young, she had been to her grandmother's village several times, so she was a little familiar with everything there.
She knew that the most beautiful and elegant two-story villa in the village. was her grandmother's old home. She knew that there would be a hundred-year-old old tree at the end of the road, which had red ribbons tied all around it as a symbol of people's wishes. However, she was not going there as the esteemed Lucille from Dilsburg, but as the disgraceful Lucille from Shein City. Therefore, she had to pretend that it was her first time there so that nobody would suspect her.
Indeed, there was a pair of eyes behind her, watching her every move.noveldrama
From the moment she stepped into Talford Village, that person had been boring holes into her back without looking away for even a moment.
Lucille kept her eyes on the door number and deliberately made a wrong turn. She then asked a few old men on the side of the road before finally arriving at the home where she was going to be staying. Knock, knock, knock.
Lucille knocked on the door.
After a while, a middle-aged woman with a simple and earnest face opened the door.
When she saw her, the woman was stunned and then asked cautiously,"
A Base
Are you... Miss Lucille?"
"Yes," Lucille replied placidly. "I'm sorry that I'll be intruding for a few days. This is the payment. I told you that I would be paying it in full."
Since she was paying 300 a day, the total was 2,100 for a week.
When she saw the money, the woman's eyes lit up. She immediately opened the door and said politely, "Come, Miss Lucille. Please come in. This morning, I cleaned the whole place. If there's anything you're not used to or need to buy, just tell me. I'll prepare everything!" "Thank you."
Lucille walked in.
The small courtyard was square and everywhere was tidy. Although the house was simple, it was clean and comfortable to look at.
The middle-aged woman led Lucille to the second floor. As they walked, she said, "My surname is Grant, Miss Lucille. You can just call me Madam Grant. My husband isn't here. The only ones in this house are me and my son, who's just gotten into elementary school. This is your room. The sheets and covers are clean and newly changed. Is everything okay with you?"
"It's all good." Lucille nodded. "Sorry to trouble you, Madam Grant."
"Not at all. This is my responsibility. In that case, you should rest first. I'll go downstairs to cook. If you need anything, just call me."
Madam Grant then left with a smile.
Not long after, a fire was lit in the kitchen, and wisps of white smoke
flowed out.
Lucille stood on the balcony of the second floor. She leaned against the railing and looked into the distance, pretending to be curious about the scenery.
###Peaceful and Elegant
Peaceful and Elegant
The one who had been secretly spying on her seemed to have lost interest. and disappeared.
Lucille raised an eyebrow.
She threw her backpack to her feet, then turned to look at the two-story villa next to Madam Grant's house.
That was her grandmother's old house,
In her memories, the house was peaceful and elegant. However, since no one had lived there for decades, weeds had grown all over the yard. The gate of the courtyard was covered with rust, and there was a piece of broken glass from the window on the first floor. It looked dark and eerie.
Lucille's gaze darkened.
With her level of knowledge, she could clearly tell that someone had snuck into the old house.
There was a vague black mark on the window, which was a footprint left by someone when they jumped in through the window.
Someone was sneaking into her grandmother's house. Why?
Could it be that her grandmother had left behind something that others. still remembered?
Many thoughts flashed across Lucille's mind.
In the end, she could only pretend as if nothing had happened. She picked. up the backpack on the ground and walked into the room that Madam Grant had prepared for her.
The room was not big, and the furniture was very old and basic, but it was spotless everywhere. Obviously, much attention had been put into cleaning.
Lucille poured herself a glass of water.
Not long after, someone knocked on the door. A childish voice was heard. from outside the door. "Are you resting, Lucille? Mom asked me to tell you to come downstairs for dinner." "I'm coming."
Lucille opened the door and walked out.noveldrama
The little boy in front of her was at most seven years old. He was gentle and well-behaved, looking fair and clean. He seemed like an amiable
person.
He was likely Madam Grant's son, who had just entered elementary school.
Lucille asked, "What's your name?"
The little boy answered obediently, "My name is Eason Grant."
"Eason. That's a good name," she praised.
Lucille stroked Eason's head with a smile and said, "Let's go eat."
On the table, four dishes and one bowl of soup had been prepared.
There was duck soup, half of a braised duck, two plates of vegetarian dishes, and some stir-fried vegetables.
The fragrance filled the air.
Madam Grant had prepared three plates for them. With some embarrassment, she said, "I'm not sure if you'll like it, Miss Lucille."
"It smells good. I'm not picky when it comes to food." Lucille sat down on the stool and took a bite. The taste was unexpectedly good. Seeing that she was quite satisfied, Madam Grant finally let out a sigh of
relief.
During the meal, Lucille noticed that both Madam Grant and Eason only ate the two vegetarian dishes. They didn't touch the soup and meat at all.
No matter how greedy Eason felt, he was trying his best not to eat too much.
Peaceful and Elegant
Lucille was stunned for a moment and then took the initiative to place a chicken wing in Eason's place. She told Madam Grant, "I can't eat this much. We shouldn't waste all this food. Please eat more, Madam Grant." Madam Grant was a little flustered and hurriedly said, "Miss Lucille, this is all for you. And... even if we add in the cost of food, this can't have cost more than 300 dollars. I'm already taking advantage of you, how can I..." "Not at all. I'm blessed with this delicious food."
Lucille's brows curved as she smiled.
When she wasn't smiling, she looked distant and indifferent. She seemed unapproachable. However, when she grinned, her eyes were glistening like shining stars, beautiful and bright.
Madam Grant was stunned for a moment. Originally, she thought that a rich young lady from Shein City would be picky. She didn't expect that Lucille would be so sociable and that she wouldn't put on any airs at all, She immediately felt a huge wave of relief. When she looked at Lucille again, her eyes were filled with a gentle smile.
Lucille ate slowly, and then she asked in a curious tone, "Madam Grant, is the house next door abandoned? Does no one go in to take care of it? It's full of weeds. It looks a little scary."
###It Turned Out Like That
Madam Grant didn't think too much about it and said with a smile, "It has indeed been abandoned for many years. Originally, the people in our
village said that they wanted to help clean it up, but it's not like they could just forcibly break the lock on the gate of someone's house. Over time, it turned out like that." Lucille nodded and casually questioned, "Do a lot of people come to the village usually?"
"Not many. Almost all the young people in our village have left. Only old people and children are left, and outsiders don't come here most of the time," Madam Grant answered.
-After saying that, she seemed to have thought of something and
continued, "Oh, by the way, the house across from ours received a guest last night as well. He also came from Shein City. Apparently, he came to investigate and said that he wanted to do a project. I don't know the details." The house across from them?
Lucille raised her head.
There were a total of three floors in the opposite building. From where she was sitting, she could even see the window across from her.
In other words, the person who had been secretly spying on her was staying there.
Lucille lowered her head and continued to eat as if nothing had happened.
When they finished eating, it was completely dark outside. There were no street lamps in the village, and they could only rely on a flashlight when going out at night.noveldrama
At that moment, the ground suddenly trembled.
Many villagers were scared and ran out of their homes. Dazed, they asked,
"An earthquake? Is it an earthquake?"
No.
In a simple wooden house built at the entrance of the village, there was deafening, explosive music. Several beams of light lit up the surroundings. like it was daytime, and there were flashing stage lights of various colors. With Joanne in the lead, she encouraged Zoey, Jenny, and the other students to jump around excitedly. The scene was so exciting.
What was even funnier was that the banner of the charity clinic had been. knocked to the ground and no one even cared about it.
Eason, who was doing his homework, asked curiously, "What are they doing, Lucille?"
The corner of Lucille's mouth twitched as she casually replied, "Charity."
Madam Grant came in, shaking her head. She couldn't help but say, "I'm not sure whether I should say this or not, Miss Lucille. If I'm wrong, then please excuse me, but the truth is, there's a doctor in our village who practices traditional medicine. We typically go to him for any help with sickness."
"So..." Madam Grant paused for a moment and said tactfully, "It seems like this charity clinic in our village is a farce. It's actually quite intimidating. I doubt that anyone will go there to get treated..."
Lucille laughed in agreement. "That's what I think too."
It was so intriguing. Samuel had gone to Talford Village in the name of charity, but it was more likely that he had ulterior motives.
Lucille got up and went upstairs to her room.
After entering the door, she once again had the feeling of being watched by someone.
In the building diagonally across from her, the window on the third floor was lit up.
There was a tall figure standing there amidst the shadows.
Turofa Out Like That
Lucille's hand, which was about to pull the curtains shut, stopped. She pretended as if she hadn't seen anything and stretched lazily. Then, she yawned and began to take off her clothes, pretending that she was going to sleep. Just as she was about to take off her jacket, Lucille caught a glimpse of the figure out of the corner of her eye.
Taking advantage of that opportunity, Lucille did not hide her gaze.
Finally, she saw the man's side profile clearly.
It turned out to be the original host's older brother, Bernard.
Why was he there?
Lucille shut the curtains, but the doubts in her heart did not dissipate for a long time.
Last time, at the auction in the Mount Ocean House, Bernard had offered more than 200 million dollars to buy her mother's CD. This time, he had shown up in her grandmother's hometown in the name of an investigation project. What on earth was he trying to do?
Lucille had planned to find a suitable opportunity to sneak into the old house and look around, but at that point, it seemed that the sooner she did so, the better. She had to take action that night.
She sat down and waited patiently.
Time ticked by.
The village was silent, but the sound system in the simple wooden house at the entrance of the village didn't stop playing at all. The clock struck 11 at night.
###Night Vision
Lucille changed her clothes, tied her long hair into a neat ponytail, and then. disguised her face, covering most of her original appearance. Finally, to be on the safe side, she got a black scarf to hide her face. With so many layers of precaution, she was certain that Bernard wouldn't recognize her that easily.
After doing all that, Lucille cracked the door open and slipped out quietly.
It was pitch black outside. Her black clothes practically blended into the night. Unless someone had night vision, it would be impossible to see her.
Lucille leaped from the balcony on the second floor of Madam Grant's house.
Her grandmother's old house was next door, so when she jumped, she landed on the second floor of the old house.
Lucille quietly observed her surroundings while she used a silver thread to secretly unlock the door.
She learned how to pick locks when she was struggling in Life and Death, Street. She didn't have many chances to use it and her hands were a little clumsy, but fortunately, she didn't lose her skills. With a click, she unlocked the door.
Lucille snuck in.
However, what she didn't know was that as soon as she stepped into the second floor, a figure silently entered the gate of the old house and snuck into the first floor along the broken glass.
Afraid of being noticed, Lucille did not dare to turn on her flashlight. She could only rely on herself to adapt to the darkness and search everywhere in the room.
She searched the rooms one by one but found nothing.
Night Vision
In that CD, her grandmother and mother said that it was a birthday present. for her.
Then...
Lucille turned around and groped around the last room.
When she visited her grandmother as a child, she would stay in that small
room.
Lucille pushed the door open. The smell of dust was so strong, and every time she moved her hands, she would brush past a spider web. The warm and beautiful bedroom that had been decorated in the past was in ruins right then. Even the wooden furniture was rotten. She rummaged through the boxes, but other than some basic items, there was nothing special about them.
Someone had snuck in before her. Could it be that another person had
stolen it?noveldrama
The thought had barely crossed Lucille's mind when she dismissed it.
Based on what she knew, her grandmother was a particularly wise and cautious person. Since this gift was a secret for Lucille, no one else would be able to find it except her.
Where would it be...
Lucille was deep in thought.
Just then, she heard a slight noise coming from the wooden planks behind. her. Lucille jerked her head back and saw a tall figure pouncing toward her.
""Who are you?"
The man shouted and attacked her at the same time.
Lucille nimbly dodged and lowered her voice to ask, "This house isn't yours, Mr. Bernard. Why are you questioning me?"
Bernard's gaze grew grave when he heard that. "Do you recognize me?"
"Not only do I know you, but I also know that you want to steal something Night Vison
from here as well." Lucille gave him a faint smile. "Am I right, Mr. Jules?"
"You want to get something out of me, but I'm not interested in telling you." Bernard waved his hand and icily ordered, "Catch her!"
As soon as he finished speaking, his skilled subordinates appeared from all directions.
It turned out that she had walked straight into a trap.
Lucille made a prompt decision and turned to run.
Despite that, Bernard did not give up. He and half a dozen of his ment surrounded Lucille and gradually grew closer.
Lucille gritted her teeth. If they kept running like that, they would catch her sooner or later. That couldn't be done. She had to find a way to get them off her trail.
She scanned her surroundings icily. Lucille saw a simple wooden house not far away...
That was it. She could let someone else take the fall.
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###Into the Courtyard.
Into the Courtyard
Lucille dashed away.
In the night, her slender figure moved like a cat.
Bernard had no choice but to speed up. At the same time, he shouted to his men, "Don't let her escape. Catch her!"
The group of people rushed over, but Lucille flipped around and went into the courtyard first.
The music there was so loud that it could shake the sky. With the bass pounding and the flashing lights, it was as noisy as it could be.
That was the best place she could hide.
Lucille dashed in.
In one of the rooms, Samuel sat on the sofa and rubbed his throbbing temples.
The noise hadn't stopped for an entire night, and his head hurt.
However, there was nothing he could do. His precious sister was in high spirits. She was impossible to control. If she said that she wanted to party, that meant she would party until sunrise. He had no choice but to play along.
On top of that, Zoey seemed very happy, so he just went with the flor.
Samuel shook his head and sighed.
He picked up his phone and was planning to talk to someone because of how bored he was. Suddenly, footsteps came from outside. Then, a slender figure broke in through the window.
Samuel was stunned. When he looked up, he saw a pair of extremely clean and beautiful eyes.
The girl was dressed in black, with a slender waist and long legs. Her beautiful figure was vividly outlined. Her high ponytail was neat and tidy,
Into the Courtyard
23
and her whole body exuded a domineering aura. She was beautiful and
charming.
Her face was covered with a black scarf. He couldn't see her face clearly, but she looked more mysterious because of it.noveldrama
At that moment, Samuel, who was about to ask her who she was, suddenly fell silent.
His eyes were straight and there was a trace of surprise in them.
Lucille wanted to curse.
She had broken into a random room, and it just happened to be Samuel's.
What rotten luck!
Even so, it was too late. Lucille closed the window and locked the door. When she turned around again, she lowered her voice and warned, "Don't make a sound."
Samuel nodded. He didn't know what was wrong with him. In the face of the girl's unkind eyes, he was not angry. Instead, he took the initiative to say, "Did you get into trouble? Don't worry, no one dares to mess with me, She was speechless. Was she supposed to thank him?
Lucille did not let her guard down. She just stared at Samuel coldly. If he tried anything on her, she would knock him out first!
Soon, the sound of footsteps outside hurriedly passed by.
It must have been Bernard and his men. However, there were so many rooms there, and there were students jumping around in the main hall. Even if he wanted to find her, he was powerless.
A few minutes later, the sound of footsteps gradually faded away
Lucille heaved a sigh of relief.
Since the crisis was resolved, she was ready to leave.
However, at that moment, Samuel suddenly stopped her and said with at gentlemanly expression, "It's not safe for a girl like you to go out alone.
Into the Courtyard
Why don't I escort you?"
Lucille gave him a faint smile, her eyes cold and distant. "I don't intend to bother you anymore, Mr. Gilbert. Farewell."
After that, she leapt through the window and left.
"Wait!" Samuel rushed out, but the slender figure instantly disappeared
into the night, and he could no longer find her.
She had come and gone in less than three minutes.
She was like a gust of wind that came and went without a trace.
###Never Meet Again
Samuel was a little annoyed, and his brows were tightly knitted together.
The girl had obviously recognized him earlier, considering she called him Mr. Gilbert, but he had no idea who he was.
They would probably never meet again in the future.
Samuel shook his head and felt a little regretful.
At that moment, Zoey, who was exhausted from partying, left the main. hall. She ran forward happily and shouted, "Samuel, didn't you say that you were tired? Why are you walking around outside instead of resting in the room?" Samuel came to his senses and couldn't help glancing around. He then replied, "It's stuffy inside. I came out for some fresh air."
"Oh, I see." Zoey nodded and joked, "I thought someone might have bewitched you."
"How is that possible?" Samuel couldn't help laughing. However, a pair of attractive eyes that were clear like a fresh spring popped into his mind.
He was stunned and lost in thought for a moment.
"Samuel, w-what are you thinking about?"noveldrama
Zoey's intuition told her that when a man showed such an expression, het had to be thinking about another woman.
Despite that, there was no one around,
Although Zoey was a little suspicious of Samuel's abnormal behavior, she was confident that she had the upper hand. She did not think that anyone could be a threat to her.
She was probably just overthinking it.
Zoey's smile returned. She held Samuel's arm intimately and coquettishly
murmured, "Come on. Let's go dance together, okay?"
Samuel had no choice but to get dragged into the noisy living room.
That night, in the luxurious yet simple house, a group of young men and women went crazy and partied until dawn.
The next day was the first day of the charity clinic. The weather was good and it was sunny.
The red banner had been hung up again, and a few tables were set up. Master Walton personally took charge, ready to receive the patients in the village who needed a check-up.
However, an hour passed, then two hours. No one was interested in their charity clinic.
Behind him, the students who hadn't slept all night were yawning and listless. One of the boys said, "What's going on? We came all the way here, but these bumpkins still don't know how to seize the opportunity. It's not like there are any clinics in the village." "That's right. Mr. Gilbert not only invited Master Walton to be his personal representative but also provided him with so many medical supplies. In the end, these villagers just don't know what's good for them!"
"In my opinion, we might as well go to the village and shout at them, asking them to come to the clinic as soon as possible if they're sick. That way, we won't waste our time, right?"
"Good idea, good idea. Get a loudspeaker. I'll go shout now!"
The group of students was chatting happily. However, they didn't notice that Master Walton, who was sitting in the main seat, was getting
increasingly gloomy.
Bang!
Master Walton slapped the table and said angrily, "That's enough! Look at you. You're not even standing and sitting properly. You think too highly of yourself! You guys were partying all night the day before we opened our Never Meet Again
clinic. With that attitude, you clearly don't care about doing charity for the villagers."
Those were the words he had been holding in since the day before.
However, he couldn't lose his temper out of consideration for Samuel.
It wasn't until that day when he saw the students being stubborn that he finally realized the seriousness of the problem.
There was an issue with their attitude.
With a cold face, he scolded, "You are still my students. Are you telling me you're going to giggle and gossip while treating the patients? Who would trust you with their health? You guys are such brats!"
"You've gone too far, Master Walton."
With dark circles under her eyes, Jenny pursed her lips and said disdainfully, "It's a free clinic, so they can't ask for too much. Besides, no matter what, at least we showed up. Lucille, on the other hand, didn't even come. She's clearly slacking off! Aren't you being too biased by only scolding us?"
###Fully Deducted
When the others heard that, they immediately jumped on the bandwagon. " Yeah, exactly! At least we bothered to show up. Lucille? She's not even here. If you ask me, they should take away all her credits!" "I agree."
"Me too!"
Everyone kept speaking up, and they were all worked up.
Master Walton was so angry that his gaze darkened. Then, he picked up the box of medicine at the side and left directly.
Seeing that Master Walton was actually angry, the students became a little nervous and asked, "Where are you going, Master Walton?"
Master Walton didn't say a word and strode toward the village.
The others wanted to chase after him, but Jenny casually remarked, "What are you afraid of? This charity clinic was launched by the Gilbert family, and Mr. Gilbert is the one who's going to give us marks. We just need Zoey to speak up for us, and we'll get our credits. Why do we have to bother with Master Walton?"
When everyone heard this, they immediately came back to their senses.
Her words seemed to make a whole lot of sense.
All of a sudden, Zoey was surrounded by a crowd. The group of students began showering her in flattery.
"Zoey, you have to put in a good word for us with Mr. Gilbert."
"Thank goodness we have you, Zoey! You're our lucky star!"noveldrama
"Zoey is not only beautiful but also really nice. No wonder Mr. Gilbert is totally smitten with her! Unlike a certain someone, who can't even hold a candle to Zoey."
Zoey was completely flattered by those words. She enjoyed the flattery,
Fully Deducted
but she had to smile modestly. "We're classmates, after all. I will try my best to help you. No matter what, though, since we came here for a charity clinic, we should work hard and try our best. Got it, guys?" She sounded like she was in charge of them.
Of course, no one dared to refute her. They all echoed, "Okay, okay. We'll listen to you, Zoey!"
"That's right. It's all up to you!"
Seeing that, Jenny looked around. She couldn't help but want to make trouble for Lucille, but it would be boring if she went alone. As soon as Jenny turned her head, she saw Joanne walking out of the room while yawning. Joanne had woken up because of the commotion. Just as she was about to get angry and ask why everyone was being so loud, she saw Jenny approaching her.
"Joanne, do you want to do something interesting?" Jenny asked.
"Do what?" Joanne questioned.
"We'll do something to the person you hate the most, Lucille."
Jenny looked pleased with herself. She got close to Joanne's ear and whispered, "I'll tell you a secret. I've hired someone to set up an ambush. As long as we can lure Lucille over, they'll take action and beat her until she's crippled!" Hearing this, Joanne's eyes lit up. She was no longer sleepy. Instead, she was full of energy.
"Really? What are you waiting for? Let's go!"
The two of them immediately sneaked out of the room.
On the way there, Joanne said with great excitement, "Is it only the two of us? It's such a good plan, though. We should have taken Zoey with us."
"Don't. The fewer people who know about it, the better. Besides, Zoey is too soft-hearted. If we told her, she would definitely stop us," Jenny pointed out:
"That's true." Joanne nodded.
Jenny reminded her, "Joanne, you must keep it a secret. If Lucille finds out that my father hired this man, she will definitely hold it against me. When that happens, it'll be hard to deal with her after she's discovered my weakness!" "Don't worry. That b*tch is our common enemy! Even if she gets beaten to death, I will be happy to see it!"
Joanne smiled. "Let's be friends from now on, Jenny."
""Of course!"
The two girls, just two years apart in age, glanced at each other. Their bond was extra strong since they shared a common enemy.
"Come on. I know where Lucille is. Let's go find her first and then think of a way to lure her out!"
Jenny grabbed Joanne's hand and headed towards the village.
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###Find Her
Lucille had just climbed halfway up the mountain.
Madam Grant, who was leading the way, pointed to a small bungalow in front of them and said, "This is the home of the doctor in Talford Village. Usually, if anyone in the village feels sick or uncomfortable, they will ask. him, Dr. Harrison, for help. His medical skills are very good. As long as it is not a complicated disease, he can easily cure it."
Lucille nodded. "You can go back to what you were doing, Madam Grant. I'll go in myself."
"Hey, the road here is slippery. Be careful," Madam Grant warned.
"Okay."
"By the way..." Madam Grant paused after taking two steps forward. She pointed at the mountain behind them and continued, "That's the back. mountain, Miss Lucille. Don't go there. It's dangerous! There are wild boar and wolves, and there are traps to hunt wild boar on the ground. Don't go in the wrong direction when you're heading back."
"Okay, Madam Grant. I got it."
A faint smile appeared on Lucille's face.
Madam Grant, who felt that she could finally rest assured, turned to leave.
After she left, Lucille looked at the small bungalow and walked over.
The closer they got, the stronger the fragrance of herbs grew.
Lucille stepped into the little bungalow. The house was clean, with only a few pieces of furniture visible. There were two long benches against the wall, and a few people were sitting on them. It seemed that they were waiting in line for the doctor to treat them.
Lucille raised her eyebrows. Madam Grant was right. Even though the charity clinic village entrance was decorated with a luxurious base as well as a large and eye-catching banner, no one was willing to go there Find Der
because of how they were partying the night before.
They might as well have just gotten Master Walton to help.
While she was in thought, she suddenly heard panting behind her. "Miss..."
Lucille turned around and saw Madam Grant, who had just left the
mountain, leading Master Walton over.
Upon hearing Master Walton address Lucille so respectfully, Madam Grant was clearly surprised. She then grinned and said, "This old gentleman said he was looking for you, Miss Lucille, so I brought him up."
"I see." Lucille nodded. She could guess why Master Walton had come to her without even having to ask. She directly stated, "Let's go and ask if there's anyone in Talford Village who needs to see a doctor." Since they were already there, they might as well do something before leaving.noveldrama
That was the reason why she came to visit the doctor that morning. If there was anyone who needed treatment, this doctor would probably know.
Of course, Master Walton didn't and followed her in.
In the small bungalow, Dr. Harrison was distributing prescriptions. After hearing Lucille's and Master Walton's explanation, he paused and said, There's no one who needs treatment in Talford village, but there is an old man in the next village. I've given him a check-up, but I'm not sure if he can cure him. If you want to, you can go and have a look."
"Okay!"
Master Walton patted his medicine kit and checked it. He had brought along all the things he needed, so he asked, "May I know the specific address?"
Dr. Harrison replied, "How about this? When I'm done with these prescriptions, I'll take you there."
"That's great. Thank you."
Master Walton agreed and then sat down to wait patiently.
Find Her
Lucille was about to sit down when she heard two familiar voices from outside the small bungalow. One of the arrogant girls angrily explained, "What is this shabby place? My shoes are dirty!"
The other one comforted her. "Joanne, just bear with it. Don't forget what we came here for." One of them was Samuel's precious sister, Joanne, and the other was Jenny.
What were they doing here?
###A Blank Expression
A Blank Expression
Master Walton also heard the noise outside, but he didn't even look up. It was obvious that he didn't want to bother with them.
Soon, Joanne and Jenny stepped into the small bungalow together.
As soon as they entered, Joanne covered her nose and said with disgust," It's so smelly. What a rundown place! It's so dirty and poor!" Upon hearing that, Dr. Harrison looked up at her with a blank expression and said nothing. He lowered his head and continued to distribute prescriptions.
Master Walton frowned and coldly asked, "What are you doing here?"
"I'm looking for her!" Joanne raised her hand, pointed at Lucille, and ordered, "Hey, come with me!"
Lucille gave her a faint smile in response, her face full of sarcasm.
Seeing that, Jenny came up with an idea and explained in a hurry, "Here's what happened, Master Walton. On our way here, we met someone who said that one of his family members was sick and that he wanted us to go and have a look. I didn't think I was capable enough, so I wanted Lucille to go with us."
Hearing that, Master Walton's face softened a little.
Since they were there for a patient, there was nothing to scold them for.
Master Walton glanced at Jenny and ively remarked, "You know that you're not capable enough. At least you're self-aware."
Jenny was speechless, but she had to endure it.
Despite that, Master Walton did not agree directly. Instead, he looked at Lucille and asked for her opinion.
Jenny added, "Time is of the essence, Lucille. If the patient is seriously ill and needs our help, even the smallest delay could be a matter of life and
A Blok Expression
death."
218
With a subtle grin, Lucille responded, "Well, if you say that, I have no choice but to go. In that case, let's go."
She wanted to see what other tricks they had up their sleeves.
Lucille got up from the long bench and walked out slowly.
At that moment, Dr. Harrison was done with the prescriptions. Master Walton had his medicine kit on his back and was ready to go to the neighboring village with Dr. Harrison to see the man with a complicated illness. Since it was in a separate direction, they parted ways with Lucille.
Master Walton was worried and shouted, "Miss- Ahem, you three girls, be careful."
"Don't worry, Master Walton. We'll take good care of Lucille," Jenny responded with a smile.
A triumphant glint flashed in her eyes.noveldrama
Soon, Master Walton followed Dr. Harrison down the mountain.
Jenny took a look at her phone. After confirming that the direction was correct, she led the way. While walking, she explained, "The person who asked us for help lives a little far. He stays behind the mountain. Let's go, Lucille. He's still waiting for you to save his life!" "Are you sure it's in this direction?" Lucille asked.
She glanced at the back of the mountain. Madam Grant had told her not to go there because of the wild beasts. Moreover, there were traps placed by
hunters.
If she fell in, she would get injured or even lose her life.
Since Jenny was taking her there, it was obvious that she didn't have good intentions in mind.
Jenny did not even hesitate to lie when faced with Lucille's questioning. I'm sure! Of course, I am! How could be wrong when it's a matter of life and death? Sigh. Let's not waste any more time. Come on!"
A Blank Expression
Joanne also chimed in and icily taunted, "Why? Are you scared?"
Lucille's lips curled into a relaxed smirk.
All right.
As long as they didn't regret it...
###Is Everything Ready?
Lucille followed them.
The three of them stepped on the uncut weeds and went all the way intol
the back of the mountain.
Jenny was looking at her phone as she walked.
The thugs hired by her family had sent her directions. In order to ensure that everything went as planned, Jenny sent them a message and asked:" I'm bringing her there. She's on the way. Are you sure you can do it? Is everything ready?"
Her phone buzzed with two notifications. The hitman quickly replied: Don't worry, Miss. We are all professionals. If you want us to break her leg, we will do so. Also, the trap has been set up. When you see a red rope tied
to one of the big trees, you can leave."
A red rope?
Jenny looked around and saw a red rope on a big tree nearby.
That was the spot!
w was ove
She covered her stomach and began putting on an act. "Ow! My stomach hurts. Can you come and look for a toilet with me, Joanne? Wait here, Lucille. We'll be back soon."
After that, Jenny shot Joanne a look. They obviously didn't care whether Lucille was okay with it or not. They held each other's hands and ran away
in a hurry.
It was a success!
Right then, they had to find a good position to hide and watch as Lucille got crippled.
Jenny and Joanne happily ran into the jungle.
Lucille glanced around and found wild boar tracks on the ground. If she
Is Everything Ready?
was right, the direction in which the wild boar disappeared was the same. way that Jenny and Joanne had gone.
If they were lucky enough, they might encounter the wild boar directly and even experience an exciting chase.
Lucille stood there, shaking her head and sighing innocently. She muttered to herself, "Honestly, I really wanted to warn you guys out of kindness, but you ran away so fast..."
After that, Lucille fixed her eyes on a certain spot and casually said, "You guys, over there in the grass. Why are you still hiding? Come out and fight me. That's right. I'm talking to you."
The hitmen, who thought they were well-hidden, became stunned after being exposed.
However, Lucille was far too arrogant. The man in charge couldn't hold back his anger and stood up from the thick grass, which was half his height. He spat at her with an unfriendly expression and asked, "Little girl, you're quite vigilant. How did you know that we were hiding here?"
With a calm look on her face, Lucille slowly responded, "I made a guess."
The truth was that the moment she was brought here by Jenny and Joanne, she had already sensed that there were people hiding in the grass. On top of that, she knew that if she took two steps forward, there would be a trap hidden in the weeds.
The moment she stepped on it, she would either be targeted by a vicious beast or some other form of danger.
Maybe if she was a regular, innocent little girl, it would have been an efficient tactic.
However, for a veteran general like her, it was full of flaws, naive, and ridiculous.noveldrama
"Hmph."
The hitmen looked at each other, and the smile on their faces was both meaningful and contemptuous. "To be honest, I appreciate your courage,
1. h.
Everything Party
young lady, but we don't have a choice. You offended someone you. shouldn't have. Someone paid us a million dollars to cut your legs off. Since we've taken the money, we have to do something."
"Of course, since you've got a pretty face, I'll go easy on you if you suck up to me. You won't even feel the pain when I smash your legs. What do you think?"
The men laughed wildly and scanned Lucille up and down, their faces full of malicious intentions.
The corner of Lucille's mouth twitched. Then, she moved.
Nobody could even catch what she had done. Suddenly, the man was on the ground.
Lucille stepped on the man's face and arrogantly taunted, "Come on. Call me your master."
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Dut!
###Couldn't Move
Everyone was dumbfounded.
Particularly, the man who was stepped on by Lucille. From his point of view, all he could see were her cold and charming eyes. She was beautiful, arrogant, and ethereal.
The man struggled with all his might, but his legs that were being stepped on felt extremely heavy. He couldn't move them at all!
"You idiots! What are you waiting for? Kill her for me!" the man roared.
The rest of the thugs came to their senses. They rolled up their sleeves. and pounced on Lucille. One of them was holding a hammer in his hand. It was a heavy one, and it would deal a huge blow if she got hit. It seemed that they were going to use that hammer to cripple her legs.
Lucille asked indifferently, "Who hired you?"
The man cursed, "It's time for you to die, you b*tch! I won't tell you!"
"It doesn't matter. You will tell me," she replied.
The corner of her mouth twitched. At that time, the other thugs had already rushed in front of her. The force from the hammer caused a breeze that brushed past her hair.
There were fierce looks in the thugs' eyes.
Lucille raised her hand and slapped the man in front of her. She didn't forget to scold him. "Don't you have any self-awareness? Are you trying to get yourself killed faster by coming so close to me?" Immediately after, Lucille swung her fist again. With a blood-curdling
scream, the second hitman was hanging upside down on a tree branch behind her.
"Not bad." Lucille gave him a half-smile. "That's a pretty eye-catching posture."
Couldn't Mol
With just a few words, she dealt a severe psychological blow.
The rest of the thugs looked at each other. They were finally worked up. Their expressions seemed to be fierce. Full of fury, they yelled, "Come on, guys! Let's kill this ignorant girl!"
As soon as they said that, they drew a few long knives. The blades were sharp and shining with an icy light.
They surrounded Lucille.
Lucille's expression was indifferent. She did not take them seriously at all.
At the same time, Jenny and Joanne were hiding behind them in a lush jungle on a steep slope.
They had climbed for a long time before they found such an excellent spot to watch the action. Besides, there was a distance between them, so they didn't have to worry about being discovered.
Jenny was extremely excited. Looking at the sharp knives in those thugs' hands, the hatred in her eyes gradually turned into glee.
The day had finally come!
Joanne was so excited that she clenched her fist and yelled, "Hurry up! Kill her! Kill her!"
Finally, a group of thugs pounced on Lucille.
Things turned chaotic. Occasionally, screams could be heard.
Jenny tried her best to watch, but her sight was still blocked by the grass. In order to see what was going on more clearly, she moved a little. At that moment, however, she caught a whiff of a fishy smell next to her cheek. "What's that disgusting smell?"
Jenny covered her nose and turned her head. She was met with the sight of a wild boar that was right next to her.
It had sharp fangs and a sturdy body. Its breath was fanning out on her face.noveldrama
Couldn't Move
It was fierce.
For a moment, Jenny's face turned pale, and her mind went blank. She
couldn't even scream.
Joanne, who was beside her, smelled it as well. She thought that it was just a fart, so she immediately turned her head with a look of disgust. Immediately, shrill screams rang out in the jungle...
"Ah!"
Joanne was scared out of her wits. Her first reaction was to run.
However, as soon as she did so, the wild boar roared twice and turned around to catch up with her!
It all happened too abruptly.
Jenny was so frightened that she fell to the ground while trembling all over. She had to escape.
###Ran For Her Life
She had to run!
Thinking of that, Jenny stumbled to her feet. She had no time to look at what was happening to Lucile, let alone Joanne, who was being chased by the wild boar.
All she wanted was to escape, so she chose to run in the opposite direction that Joanne was going. She stumbled and ran for her life.
Jenny and Joanne's movements happened to occur
simultaneously with the screams of the thugs. They were drowned out in an instant.
Lucille knocked them all down and said with a faint smile, "Tell me. Who hired you?"
The thugs were in so much pain that they rolled on the ground and grimaced.
The leader snorted and retorted, "Don't ask. I will never tell you!
H
"It was the Zanes family, wasn't it?" Lucille flicked some
nonexistent dust off her body and nonchalantly remarked, " They're so rich, but they only spent a million in an attempt to get rid of me. Tsk, tsk. They're so stingy." Hearing that, the man was stunned for a moment.
Why was she focused on the money? She didn't care about the fact that someone wanted her legs chopped off, nor did she
care about having offended someone. Instead, she was looking down on them for not spending enough money.
The thugs' faces turned ashen. They looked at each other and saw Lucille pick up her phone to call the police.
There was barely any signal on the back of the mountain, and it was hard to get through. Lucille dialed twice but failed to call them.
A few thugs quietly got up from the ground, picked up the weapons near them, and tried to slam them down on Lucille's
head.
Lucille had noticed it early on and was about to dodge when a tall figure jumped out of the jungle. The person grabbed her wrist and pulled her to the side. The thugs immediately missed their target.
Lucille looked up with a hint of surprise in her eyes.
Because the person in front of her was Bernard.
The moment he showed up, several of his men did as well.
Before those cruel, fierce thugs could escape, they were held down by Bernard's men.
"Take them down the mountain and send them to the police station," Bernard ordered coldly.
Then, he released Lucille's hand. He frowned slightly and muttered, "Don't come to places like this again."
After that, he turned and left.
Lucille noticed that he took out a handkerchief from the pocket of his suit, and then... he kept wiping the hand that had just grabbed her.
How could he dislike his own sister so much?
Lucille raised an eyebrow and asked, "Why are you here, Bernard?"
Bernard stopped in his tracks and turned around. There was no trace of emotion in his eyes under the gold-rimmed
glasses. There was even a hint of scrutiny and indifference in
them.
Instead of answering Lucille's question directly, he replied, Let's go back."
"Okay."
The thugs had been taken away. Lucille followed behind Bernard and slowly walked down the mountain.
Bernard did not intend to wait for her. He walked steadily and strode forward like a shooting star. His straight back quickly disappeared from Lucille's sight.
Even when his younger sister was in danger, he didn't say a word. All he did was reach out to save her. He didn't ask the reason, and he had no interest in knowing if she was hurt. Lucille lowered her gaze..
The more B WORK FOTER DEN SHINeethat he
2 No network available now. Please check your network. didn't suspect that she was the one who had a confrontation with him in the old house the night before.
Ran FyHer Life
Perhaps, in his eyes, Lucille wasn't just despicable, but also weak and incompetent. She was useless.
That was a good thing.
Among the people in the Jules family, Bernard was the only one who felt indecipherable. It was better to avoid such a
thoughtful man.
Lucille slowly walked in the direction of Madam Grant's house.
However, as soon as she went down the mountain, she ran into the ashen-faced Samuel.noveldrama
Samuel looked up and saw Lucille. He immediately rushed over, looking like he was going to eat her. He grabbed Lucille's shoulders and asked with gritted teeth, "Where's Joanne? Where did you take her?"
###Great Force
Samuel's face was gloomy, and he looked like he was accusing her.
Looking sideways, Lucille saw that Samuel's hands were
holding her shoulders tightly. Because of the great force, there was a faint pain in her shoulders.
"Samuel."
With an icy look in her eyes, Lucille reminded him in a low voice, "I don't have much patience, and I'm a germaphobe, too. You'd better let go of me now, immediately, or else..."
""Or else what?"
Samuel lost his temper as well. He was full of anger as he yelled, "You took my sister away and made her go missing. You just wanted to get my attention, didn't you? Don't think that I don't know your little tricks, Lucille! I'm warning you. If my sister..." Before he could finish speaking, Samuel's expression suddenly began to twist.
It was because Lucille gave him a kick expressionlessly.
She went straight for his crotch, and her foot landed in a fatal
spot.
Samuel bent over and felt so much pain that his handsome face wrinkled up like a raisin. He looked a little funny. A few male students behind him saw that happen with their own eyes
and gasped.
Hiss!
It was as if they could feel the pain themselves.
Zoey, who came with him, was so scared that she covered her. mouth. She immediately rushed forward to help Samuel, who was about to fall to the ground, and said with a worried look, "A. -Are you okay, Samuel? Did you get hurt?" The veins on Samuel's forehead popped out.
He opened his mouth with difficulty. Just as he was about to reply, he heard Lucille's infuriating voice. "Don't worry. I didn't go all out, so he's fine this time. If this happens again, his private parts might shatter." They might shatter?
Shatter?noveldrama
Hearing that, the other boys all stepped back.
Samuel's face turned green. He glared at Lucille and roared," How can you call yourself a woman?"
Lucille simply gave a faint grin in response.
A gust of wind blew past the foot of the mountain. The hair on her forehead was lifted up, and her clear and charming eyes revealed a wicked sparkle.
"I'm someone you can't afford to offend."
Her words were full of arrogance, conceit, and condescension.
No one had expected Lucille to be so bold.
There was a glint in Zoey's eyes, and she said in a sharp voice," Stop messing around, Lucille. Joanne is missing! Jenny said that you took them up the mountain. Tell me, where did you take Joanne? If anything happens to her, can you take responsibility?"
After that, Zoey gently tugged at Jenny, indicating for her to speak.
Hiding behind the crowd, Jenny, who was obviously frightened out of her wits, immediately piped up, "Yes, it was Lucille who took us up the mountain! Joanne and I followed her up the mountain, and then Lucille suddenly ran away. And then..." Jenny's eyes wandered and she quickly added, "Then, a wild boar appeared! The wild boar attacked us, and Joanne and I ran away. It was Lucille. She purposely got the wild boar to attack us. She wanted to kill us!"
Upon hearing that there was a wild boar on the mountain, Samuel's face turned even paler. He immediately gathered the bodyguards he brought with him and shouted, "Go up the mountain and look for her. You have to ensure Joanne's safety!
###Rage and Hatred
"Yes!" The bodyguards rushed up the mountain.noveldrama
Zoey was so anxious that her eyes were watering, but she still remembered to say, "It's such a huge mountain. There's no way they'll be able to find her just by searching like that. Come on, Lucille. Where did you take Joanne to? Tell us!" The other students looked at Lucille with rage and hatred in their eyes after Zoey's reminder.
"What a vicious idea! I knew she did it on purpose!"
"Oh, my God. Wild boars are so dangerous. If it charges at her, will she be able to survive?"
"Lucille, things have already come to this point. Are you still going to lie? How can you be so vicious? If something really happens to Joanne, do you think you won't suffer any
consequences? Don't you feel guilty?"
The crowd lashed out at her in an impassioned way. Every word they said was a torrent of criticism.
If this was a storm, then Lucille was at the eye of it.
Samuel's face darkened, and he asked again, 'Say it. Where did you take Joanne?"
The corner of Lucille's mouth twitched. Mockingly, she said, " Before I answer you, I also have a few questions that I can't figure out the answers to. I'll need you to answer me first, Jenny. First of all, you said that I was the one who took you
and Joanne up the mountain Everyone knows that you and i have always been at odds with each other. What reason do 1 have to ask you to come with me?"
She continued, "Second, you said that you and Joanne
encountered a wild boar. That being the case, since you were in such a dangerous situation, why didn't you tell Samuel that his sister was in danger on the mountain? Instead, you came looking for me to ask about her Aren't you wasting precious time that could be used to save her by hiding such important information?
"Third, you kept saying that I was the one who made the wild boar attack you guys is that wild boat my pet or something? How can I be certain that we'll encounter a wild boar if I take you up the mountain? How can be sure that the wild boar will attack you guys, not me? Lucillie spoke clearly and her wore was moderately paced Everyone could hear her clearly
The students present, including Samuel, were not idiots
Lucillie's questions were reasonable, especially the second one Why didnt Jenny say anything when she knew that Joanne had encountered such a dangerous wild boar on the mountain after she herself had escaped unscathed? She only said that it was Lucille who took them up the mountain and
that Lucille wanted to hurt them,
Not to mention the fact that sugh an important piece of news was hidden, it also meant that they had wasted precious time
that could have been used to save Jeanne
Gritting his teeth, Samuel looked at Jenny and asked in a cold. voice, "Are you going to explain?
"I..." Jenny bit her lip and said in a teary voice, "I was too
scared. When I got down the mountain, I was so terrified that I didn't know what to do. My mind was blank and I forgot to say
it."
Zoey patted Jenny's back and murmured, "I can vouch for that. When Jenny just got down the mountain, she was scared out of her wits. People will subconsciously avoid danger when they are in extreme fear."
It sounded like a reasonable excuse.
Samuel questioned with a stern face, "Jenny, since you and Joanne are together the whole time, you should know the general direction that she went in, right? Tell me. Where is Joanne?"
"I-I don't know," Jenny replied while trembling. "All I know is that both of us started running when we encountered the wild boar. I know that there was a big tree and a steep slope nearby. I really don't know anything else..." Samuel wanted to curse.
She might as well have not given them any clues.
There was a big tree? There were trees all over the mountain!
There was a steep slope? Which part of the mountain wasn't a steep slope?
Fortunately, Samuel still had some rationality left. He
Raged Hatred
immediately asked someone to get the local villagers and tell them about the situation. All the people in the village followed him up the mountain and went straight to the places where at wild boar might appear. They searched for an entire day.
Finally, in the evening, they found something.
Fell Into the Huge Pit
Joanne had been found.
After being chased by the wild boar, Joanne ran into two traps. while panicking. One trap clamped down on her leg, and the other was a big pit made for hunting.
Fortunately, when the wild boar charged toward her, it fell into the huge pit first, and then Joanne fell on top of it.
However, because her foot was injured, she could not get up. She had no choice but to stay in the deep pit with the corpse of
the wild boar.
When Madam Grant, who had joined the search party, retold the story to Lucille, Lucille revealed a malicious grin.
It sounded so miserable.
Despite that, she was not very sympathetic.
Lucille was lying on a rocking chair. She enjoyed the evening. breeze, feeling relaxed and at ease.
Meanwhile, Joanne was fiercely kicking up a fuss in the simple
house.
"It hurts! Where is Master Walton? Where on earth has he gone? Ask him to come here and treat me!" she demanded.
Joanne was lying on the bed, covered in mud. She looked as pathetic as could be.
Her foot was badly mutilated after stepping on the animal trap.
Fellinto the bagel
Fortunately, the trap was only used to hunt small animals, So her bones were not damaged.
On top of that, when Joanne fell into the deep pit, she twisted her ankle. Based on the local villagers' experience, they said that it had been dislocated and that her joints would need to be adjusted back into place. Samuel's heart ached, but the only doctor in the village was not around. He didn't know where Master Walton had gone, either. The medical team he had brought for the charity clinic only. knew how to treat external injuries. They didn't know how to realign her joints. No matter how anxious Samuel was, he had no choice but to comfort her. He coaxed, "Joanne, bear with it. I've already sent someone to look for Master Walton. I'm sure there will be
news soon. Lie down first and don't move. Let the doctor treat
your wound, okay?"
Joanne was in so much pain that she could only nod.
The doctor who had come with them came forward with a medical kit and carefully cleaned up the blood and dirt on
Joanne's wound.
However, as soon as the soaked cotton ball came into contact with her wound, Joanne screamed. Then, without saying. anything, she raised her hand and slapped the doctor. Angrily, she roared, "It hurts so much. Do you even know what you're doing?" The doctor was stunned and his face darkened.
Everyone who had come with them knew that Joanne was a
Fell lugs the 15
difficult woman, but they didn't expect that she was both arrogant and unreasonable.
Enduring the grievance in his heart, the doctor got up and left her alone. However, because he still had some professional ethics, he warned her. "The wound has to be cleaned,
otherwise there will be the risk of infection."
Samuel was so annoyed that he couldn't help saying, "Joanne, you have to fix that temper of yours. How can you hit people. so easily?"
"But he put me in pain!" she complained.
Joanne felt wronged and began to sob. "You don't feel sorry. for me at all, Samuel. Even if I recover, an injury this serious will definitely leave a scar in the future! Even if you don't feel sorry for me, how can you blame me and scold me? Sob, sob... I want to go home. I want to go home..." Upon hearing that, Samuel's heart instantly softened.
He searched the mountain for a whole day until he saw Joanne lying in front of the deep pit. Her body was covered with mud and grass, and there was even a dead wild boar with her.
At that moment, Samuel's heart throbbed with pain. He didn't even dare to imagine how scared and helpless Joanne was. After all, she had been pampered and spoiled since she was a child, and she was trapped in the deep pit for an entire day.
Thinking of that, Samuel couldn't help but make his voice softer. He coaxed, "It's my fault. Don't cry. It's all my fault that I failed to protect you. The doctor is right, though. We have to treat your wound. Otherwise, what if it gets infected?"
"I won't listen to you. I want to go home. I want to
now!"
Joanne cried and shouted.
Almost no one could withstand her madness.
Samuel had a headache.
go home
Seeing that, there was a glint in Zoey's eyes. She came up with
an idea. "How about this? We should get Lucille to treat Joanne's wound. Master Walton isn't here, and Lucille is the only one whose skills he has acknowledged. I'm sure she knows how to realign Joanne's bones."
Upon hearing that, Samuel immediately refused. "No. Realigning someone's joints is a big deal. How can we mess around like that? Let's wait until we find Master Walton."
"That's true." Zoey lowered her head and sighed softly. "Sigh... I was just thinking that since Joanne's injury was more or less caused by Lucille, she should be the one responsible for it..."
It was an offhanded comment, but it caught Joanne's attention.
was+
She was stunned for a moment. Indeed, it that she had been chased around by a wild boar and gotten both of her legs injured. Not to mention, she had to stay in that deep, disgusting pit for an entire day.
She had to get even with Lucille, didn't she?
+
###Her Fault
Having figured it out, Joanne did not want to go home anymore. She tugged at Samuel's sleeve and shouted, "I think Zoey's right, Samuel. It's that b*tch Lucille's fault that I got injured. I should ask her to be my slave to make up for it!" "Joanne, don't kick up a fuss. It's more important that you recover," he warned.
""No, no!"
Joanne shook Samuel's arm and whined, "I'm injured so badly, Samuel. Don't you feel sorry for me at all? Besides, I just want Lucille to do something for me. It's not like I'm hurting her. With how reluctant you are, it almost seems like you still care about Lucille." That last sentence caused several people, including Zoey, to
stare at Samuel.
There was an inquisitive look in everyone's eyes.
Samuel could not help but shake his head.
He still cared about Lucille?
Hmph. What a joke!
Samuel immediately replied, "Okay."
Then, he ordered his two bodyguards to bring Lucille over.
After thinking about it, Samuel felt that two were not enough, so he instructed, "Take a few more people with you. If Lucille
doesn't cooperate, tie her up for me."
"Yes, sir!"
The bodyguards answered and were about to leave.
However, at that moment, everyone suddenly heard a calm and
emotionless voice from outside the door.
"Why are you tying my sister up?"
It was Bernard.
The moment Zoey saw Bernard, she couldn't help but be stunned. Then, she forced a flattering smile and asked, "B- Bernard? Why are you in the Talforrd Village?" Bernard's gaze didn't waver and he went straight inside. Then, he stopped a few steps away from Samuel.
"You're not the only one with a younger sister, Mr. Samuel," henoveldrama
uttered.
Everyone was stunned.
Zoey's face was full of disbelief.
It was common knowledge that Bernard was indifferent to his family and never mentioned his younger sister, Lucille. He was cold and distant to everyone. However, he had said...
That Samuel wasn't the only one with a younger sister.
Samuel's face darkened. He asked, "What do you mean? Are
###Bernard shook his head.
Originally, he didn't want to meddle in other people's business. The reason why he was there was that he heard something had happened to Joanne. He wanted to use that as a reason to come over and see if he could find the girl who he had confronted the night before.
Unexpectedly, the moment he arrived, he heard Samuel ordering someone to tie Lucille up.
All of a sudden, he felt that Lucille was a little pitiful.
So much so that he lost control for a moment and spoke up.
Bernard turned around indifferently and left.
Samuel gritted his teeth. He couldn't afford to embarrass
himself.
He had already given the order. If he asked the bodyguards to come back, it would seem like he was afraid of Bernard. However, if he insisted that they tie up Lucille, he would inevitably get into a conflict with Bernard in the future. After hesitating for a few seconds, Samuel decided to stick with it. "Go. Bring Lucille here!"
Injured
The bodyguards were about to go out after hearing the order when Master Walton unex, ectedly returned with a kit of
medicine on his back.
Samuel could only suppress the anger in his heart and politely
say to Master Walton, "Master Walton, my sister is injured. Please treat her wounds."
"Okay."
Master Walton nodded and went into the room to clean up
Joanne's wound and realign her bones.
The process was a little painful, but Master Walton began before Joanne could even react. She screamed in pain, but after doing it, her sprained ankle was fully recovered. Her movement was not affected at all. "Oh. That's it?"
Joanne pursed her lips in disappointment.
She had wanted to use her injury as an excuse to order Lucille
around.
Seeing that Joanne was fine, Samuel breathed a sigh of relief and then personally escorted Master Walton out of the room. He did not forget to respectfully state, "Thank you very much,
Master Walton."
"It's nothing." Master Walton wiped his hands and walked out. Casually, he asked, "Your sister was fine in the morning,
though. How did she suddenly get hurt like this?"
At the mention of that, Samuel felt a burst of anger and could not help but grumble, "It's all because of Lucille. I don't know how, but she tricked my sister into going to the backside of the mountain. That's why Joanne sprained her ankle and got. injured." "That's not right."
Master Walton paused and corrected him in a low voice. "This morning, Joanne and Jenny came looking for Lucille together. They said that there was a villager who needed to get a check- up, so they asked Lucille to go with them. I was there at the time, and I asked Lucille to go with them."
Samuel was stunned for a moment and asked, "Really?"
"Yes," Master Walton affirmed. "If Joanne was injured because she went to the back of the mountain as you said, then you should wonder what they are trying to cover up, Mr. Samuel."
With that said, Master Walton sneered and continued, "In my opinion, the reason why they lied and lured Lucille away was that they were trying to target her. In the end, however, it ended up backfiring on them."
Master Walton left with a flick of his sleeves.
Samuel stood where he was, and his expression kept fluctuating.
Did that mean he was the one who had wrongly accused Lucille of what had happened that day?
However, when he thought of the way Lucille had kicked him
today, Samuel's face turned ashen.
He had to stop thinking about it. It was like he could feel the pain all over again.noveldrama
Lucille did not know what was going on at the base.
She had just finished her dinner and was slowly going upstairs to return to her room.
That night, she was going to visit the old house again.
Walking to the door, Lucille inadvertently glanced at the building across from her and found that all the lights on the third floor were on. There were also many villagers gathering in the yard as if they were discussing something important. Everyone had a happy look on their faces. She had a bad feeling.
Lucille stopped in her tracks.
Just then, Eason came to give her some fruits. Lucille casually questioned, "Do you know what they're doing over there?"
"I do!"
Eason answered obediently, "My mother said that a rich man. staying across from us is interested in developing Talford Village and wants to buy all the land. Right now, the village. head is talking to him about the demolition. If it's a success, we're going to move away!" As a child, he was inexplicably excited about moving.
Lucille's heart sank to the bottom of her chest bit by bit.
She didn't expect Bernard to buy the entirety of Talford Village.
If that were the case, then her grandmother's old house which had been empty for over ten years would be regarded as unowned property. If Bernard was going to buy all of the land, then that naturally included her grandmother's house.
When the time came, the house would belong to Bernard, and he could do whatever he wanted to find what he was looking for.
Lucille gritted her teeth.
No.
For her, it wasn't just an abandoned house. It also contained most of her grandmother's memories. If those traces of life were erased, she would never be able to find them again...
Lucille took a deep breath and took out her phone. Her fingertips hovered above Joseph's name for a second.
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day
###What's the Matter
Meanwhile, in Shein City...
The moon was bright and the night breeze was gentle.
When the luxury car arrived at the gate of the villa, Joseph glanced at the Jules Residence next to him and muttered," Stop the car."
Culver immediately did so and asked, "What's the matter, Mr. Joseph?"
Joseph didn't respond. He got out of the car and walked straight to the Jules Residence.
Coincidentally, Madam Dahlia was heading out to throw the trash. When she saw Joseph at the gate, she hurriedly opened it and respectfully said, "Hello, Mr. Joseph. Would you like to come in and have a seat?"
Joseph raised an eyebrow. He knew that Lucille had gone to a charity clinic in the countryside. Since she wasn't there, there
was no reason for him to go in.
However...
Joseph replied, "I'd like a cup of tea, then. Thank you."
"Please save your courtesy, Mr. Joseph."
They were all a part of the same family already, after all.
Madam Dahlia happily welcomed Joseph into the Jules. Residence. Then, she made a cup of tea and stated, "Miss. Lucille likes this kind of tea. Would you like to try it, Mr. Joseph?" "Okay."
Joseph held the cup of tea and slowly took a sip. It was bitter at first, but there was a faint fragrance after that. The sweet taste lingered for a long time.
"Not bad," he remarked.
Joseph put down his teacup and looked up at the layout of the
villa.noveldrama
Everything was decorated nicely, but the wall in the middle caught his eye.
Joseph had a thoughtful look on his face.
If that wall was torn down, the two villas on both sides would
become one. From then on, they would not be from two
different families, but the same one.
However, if he really dared to do so, Lucille would probably explode when she came back.
Madam Dahlia, on the other hand, had clearly misunderstood.
When she saw that Joseph was observing the layout of the villa, she thought that he was dissatisfied with the decorations. Thus, she smiled and explained, "Some of the paintings on the wall were hung up by Miss Molly. Miss Jules said that Miss Molly can do whatever she wants as long as it
makes her happy."
Speak of the devil.
Molly came downstairs with a doll in her arms. When she saw Joseph, she pursed her lips and murmured to herself, "I
thought it was Lucille who came back. I got happy for nothing."
She hung her head and turned to go upstairs.
Joseph suddenly chimed in, "I heard Bobo say that you like watermelon-flavored candy."
Upon hearing that, Molly turned around with a wary look. "Are you trying to bribe me or win me over?"
""Both of them."
Joseph chuckled. Then, he pointed to the wall beside him and said, "I'll give you a whole truck's worth of watermelon candy in exchange for allowing me to tear down that wall. Is that okay?" Molly looked around twice, and then she stretched out three fingers to raise the price. "Two trucks!" ""Deal."
Joseph snapped his fingers.
Thus, less than 20 minutes later, two trucks of candy arrived, and so did the construction team.
With a frightened look on Madam Dahlia's face, the
construction team started to work. The wall that was in between both villas was slowly getting torn down. Right then, he received a call from Lucille.
What the Matter
Joseph was taken aback.
If he remembered correctly, it was the first time that Lucille had taken the initiative to call him.
Could it be that she knew that he was tearing down the wall?
###Renovations
Joseph glanced at Molly, who had plunged into the pile of candy. Then, he turned around, walked outside of the villa, and picked up the call.
Lucille, who was in the faraway Talford Village, was stunned when she heard the bustling noise. She asked, "Joseph? Why is it so noisy over there?" Joseph did not stutter, nor did he hesitate. He calmly answered, "Someone seems to be doing renovations."noveldrama
What kind of renovations?
It sounded like a wall was getting torn down!
Lucille was a little surprised, but she didn't ask any more questions. She directly stated, "Joseph, there's something I need your help with. I want to buy this piece of land. The sooner, the better. Can you help me get the contract? Don't worry, I'll pay for it myself."
Before calling him, she had specially gone to ask Madam Grant about it. The land that Talford Village was located in had been owned for many years, and it was still in the hands of the original owners. However, the people who bought the land never had any intentions of developing it, so the villagers
continued to live there and did not move.
Since Bernard wanted to buy that piece of land, he had to follow Shein City's regulations. He first needed to discuss the contract with the villagers, and then sign a land purchase Rendition
contract with the owner of the land.
Bernard seemed to have full control of the situation at hand.
She wanted to buy that land before Bernard did, so asking Joseph for help was the simplest, most direct way.
In order to prevent Joseph from being suspicious of her buying a piece of land, Lucille had come up with many excuses. However, she did not expect Joseph to simply reply with, "Okay. He agreed just like that?
Lucille could not help but be stunned.
"Actually..." As Joseph spoke, his eyes sparkled. He raised his eyebrows and instead decided to say, "Tomorrow, I'll ask the owner of that piece of land to bring a contract to you." From what he said, he seemed to be very familiar with the
owner of the land.
That was even better!
Lucille heaved a sigh of relief. "Thank you. Please rest early, Mr. Joseph. Good night."
After that, Lucille hung up the phone.
Joseph raised his eyebrows and looked at his phone. The call only lasted 35 seconds. He shook his head, and a helpless. smile flashed across his deep gaze.
"She really has no conscience," he muttered.
In the villa, the professional construction team was still
smashing away at the wall.
Culver came out and respectfully reported, "Mr. Joseph, the leader of the construction team said that everything can be done in two days."
"Okay."
Joseph nodded with satisfaction, and then ordered,
Tomorrow morning, we will set off for Talford Village. By the way, bring all the title deeds of the land there.
"Understood!"
The next day, a subtle breeze was blowing and the clouds were billowing.
At 9:30 in the morning, Lucille personally went to the entrance of the village.
A black off-road car was approaching from a distance.
Judging from the license plate, it was from Shein City.
She figured that the person in the car was the owner of the land in Talford Village.
Standing under the shade of the tree, Lucille waited patiently.
However, at that moment, a few people came out of the simple house. In the center was Joanne, who was surrounded by people supporting her. Her feet were injured and she couldn't walk normally. Joanne's expression immediately changed when she saw
Renovations
Lucille. She yelled in a shrill voice, "Lucille, you've hurt me so badly. How can you still have the gall to show up in front of me? Who gave you permission to stand there?"
Lucille replied indifferently, "It's not like your family owns this road."
"You..." Joanne choked on her words. She shifted her gaze and saw that Lucille was staring at the black off-road vehicle that was coming from afar. It was obviously a top-notch design and was worth a fortune. Enjoy Ad Free
###Future Mistress
"Hmph. It turns out that you're waiting here so eagerly because you're trying to seduce another man."
Joanne clicked her tongue and mocked in a contemptuous, provocative tone, "Makes sense. Don't think that you can do whatever you want just because you've become Mr. Joseph's fiancee. When Fiona returns to the country in two days, Mr. Joseph won't care about you anymore. It's just a change of taste. Fiona is the future mistress of the Collins family!"
"Okay."
Lucille replied in a laid back manner.
Her indifferent expression made Joanne feel powerless as if
her fist had hit cotton.
Joanne fiercely said, "Showing off, huh? One day, you're finally going to cry. When the time comes, I'll throw a party for you, complete with fireworks and all!"
As soon as she finished speaking, the black off-road vehicle stopped in front of Lucille.
The rear window of the car rolled down, revealing Joseph's handsome face.
Why... Why was he here?
Lucille blinked. After a moment of astonishment, she recalled what Joseph had said and finally came to a realization.
It turned out that the owner of the land was actually Joseph.
No wonder.
Lucille looked up at him and stated, "I don't know the price or value of this piece of land. You'll have to name a price."noveldrama
"Name a price?" he questioned.
Joseph got out of the car and walked up to Lucille step by step. Then, he said unhurriedly, "Why would you have to spend money on something that already belongs to you, Bobo?" Behind her, Culver handed over a thick title deed and
respectfully explained, "Madam, all the title deeds for Talford Village are included here."
Lucille took it and looked through the deeds, then
unceremoniously put them into her pocket.
She would repay Joseph's favor and do her best to cure hist illness.
"Let's go. I'll treat you to dinner."
Lucille's lips curled into a brilliant smile.
Just as Joseph was about to agree, he coughed twice. His tall and heavy body was on the verge of collapse.
Lucille's eyes were sharp and she moved quickly. She supported him with one hand and held his wrist with the other hand to feel his pulse. Fortunately, it was nothing severe. It was only because he had been in the car for too long. "Since you're here, I'll give you treatment from now on." Lucille
took Joseph's hand and put it on her shoulder. She proceeded. to help him all the way to the village. "Let's go to the place I'm staying."
"Okay." Joseph vaguely glanced at the simple house.
When he learned that Lucille wasn't staying there, he grinned, feeling inexplicably happy.
Joanne's face turned green with envy when she saw how intimate Lucille and Joseph were being. She felt bitter, angry, and jealous.
She would never have imagined that the usually aloof and distant Joseph would personally come to this remote and isolated place to look for Lucille.
Joanne gritted her teeth. Her heart was filled with jealousy and unwillingness, but she could only watch as the two close. figures who seemed like a perfect match walked away with each other.
No. She would never let Lucille off so easily!
Thinking of that, Joanne picked up her phone and took a picture of their back figures. Then, she wrote a text message and sent it. It read: "Are you still not going to come back, Fiona?
After sending that, Joanne put away her phone. She thought that she would not get a response like last time.
However, her phone rang with two notification sounds.
All she received in reply was six words.
"I'll be back in three days."
Joanne's eyes lit up in an instant.
Something exciting was about to happen.
Dilated
Meanwhile, Lucille brought Joseph into Madam Grant's courtyard.
Culver, who was following them, looked at the environment inside, and his pupils dilated.
No way. Were they going to stay there?
"Mr. Joseph, Mrs. Collins, why don't I go and find some other place? It's too shabby here, and it's so small..." he muttered.
"Yes," Joseph replied indifferently. "Go look for a seven-star hotel."
Culver scratched his head. With a face full of embarrassment, he responded, "There aren't even any small hotels here, Mr. Joseph, let alone a seven-star hotel... Where am I supposed to find one?"
Joseph glanced at him. "If you know, then why are you still asking?"
"I'm sorry, Mr. Joseph. I didn't think it through." Culver lowered his head in shame, looking a little awkward.
It made sense. If there was a proper place to stay in the village, Lucille wouldn't have chosen to stay in someone else's house.
Lucille wasn't bothered, though. Although the yard was small, it was clean and tidy both on the inside and outside. Most importantly, it was next to the old house, so she could immediately detect any movements or incidents.
"By the way, how long are you guys staying in Talford Village?" Lucille asked. "Are you leaving today or tomorrow?"
Based on her tone, it seemed that she didn't care about
whether he was going to stay or not.
Joseph raised an eyebrow. A glimmer of light flashed across his deep eyes. He leaned his entire body against Lucille's shoulder. His voice sounded even weaker than before. "Cough, cough, cough... I've come all the way to deliver you the title deeds, Bobo. Are you trying to chase me away?"
"I'm just asking."
Lucille blinked, looking a little innocent. "If you're staying, I'll get Madam Grant to prepare two more rooms."
"Okay," he responded.
"Let's go upstairs. When Madam Grant comes back, I'll tell her. Come on, let's go to my room first."
Lucille helped Joseph up the stairs.
Culver was sensible and didn't follow them, silently standing guard downstairs.
On the second floor, Lucille opened the door and helped Joseph in.
"The room is a little small. You'll have to bear with it," she said.
As Lucille spoke, she was about to place Joseph on the bed. However, she was unable to bear the weight of the man leaning against her. When Lucille bent down, she lost her balance and fell down with him. Bang!
The wooden bed, which was not very sturdy, creaked.
Lucille was speechless.
So was Joseph.
It was quite an odd sound.
Lucille hurriedly got up from Joseph's body. She looked calm and composed, without any hint of emotion. She walked to the side, took out the needles she carried with her, and began
using them. Then, she murmured. "Take off your clothes. I'll treat you"
Joseph sat up. His long fingers froze
"I have to take off my clothes?"
"Yes" Lucille nodded and explained, "I have to divert all the toxins in your body and temporarily suppress them. That's the only way your body can recover to its original state. Once the six herbs are found, I can completely remove the toxins from your body." Lucille had told him that before, and Joseph was well aware of
it as well.
He looked at Lucille and saw her eyes were full of seriousness
She didn't even blink.
Her sincere look was earnest and lovely.
Joseph chuckled quietly. Then, he raised his hand and loosened his shirt button by button
His delicate collarbone was a little sexy, and his strong chest
was gradually exposed to Lucille
Tsk. He really did have an amazing body.
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>>
###Hidden Emotions
Lucille raised her eyebrows in amazement. Suddenly, she heard Joseph speak. His voice was heavy and muffled as if he was restraining something.
No one knew what hidden emotions there were in those eyes of his. His gaze was like a surging undercurrent, deep and bottomless, yet slightly cold and lonely.
He murmured, "Don't be afraid of me, Bobo."
Lucille was stunned. What was there to be afraid of?
Under her puzzled stare, Joseph took off his shirt completely
The man's strong and buff chest was covered with scars of various sizes. Some were deep, and some were shallow. Even after several years, one could tell that those scars were once. wounds that were nearly fatal. Lucille sucked in a cold breath.
Most people would only have bruises on their bodies.
On Joseph's body, there were gunshot wounds, whip wounds, and other injuries from torture devices.noveldrama
Joseph, the son of the Collins family, was born into a comfortable life. He was proud and noble with ant extraordinary status. With a snap of his fingers, he could change Shein City's destiny. Nobody would have thought that someone like him, who had the world in the palm of his hand, had experienced something that would leave so many horrible.
scars.
Could it be that... the people from back then were the ones. who injected the toxins into his body?
Lucille was shocked, but she didn't ask anything.
Everyone had their secrets.
It was just like how Joseph had never asked her anything.
Lucille took out some tools and sat cross-legged across from Joseph.
She began treating him seriously. At the same time, she answered, "It's not that scary."
That was how her body looked like in the past, too.
Lucille pursed her lips. She didn't finish her sentence.
Joseph looked up. The girl in front of him was calm, with a sense of serenity that did not match her age. She used the tools with skilled fingers. In just a few minutes, he could feel the cold poison in his body flowing around.
With her treatment, the toxins were trapped and then sealed together.
The process took about half an hour.
When she removed the last tool, Lucille heaved a sigh of relief.
It had taken her a lot of effort to concentrate on it for such a
long time. She raised her hand to wipe away the sweat on her forehead, and then carefully put away the tools. She stated, "You can't come into contact with water for two hours after the treatment."
"Okay," Joseph replied. Then, he put his shirt back on.
"You'll probably feel a little uncomfortable after the treatment. Take a rest first. I'll go down and see if Madam Grant has
come back."
Lucille left the room as she spoke.
Joseph lay on the wooden bed, with Lucille's faint fragrance lingering at the tip of his nose. It smelled good and was especially soothing to him.
He grinned and closed his eyes, feeling a sense of longing.
When Lucille went downstairs, she found that not only did
Madam Grant come back, but there were also a lot of new furniture and appliances in the house. They were brand new, including things like a refrigerator, TV, and the like.
In the living room, Madam Grant was at a loss when he saw how generous Culver was. "How can you give me all of these things, Sir? T-This won't do. I haven't done anything to earn this. I can't accept it." "It's okay. We'll be staying here for a few days."
Culver waved his hand and then told Madam Grant which food
she had to avoid eating on a daily basis. Madam Grant, who was both surprised and delighted, listened carefully. She was
afraid that she would not be able to remember it, so she wrote
it down on some paper.
Lucille raised an eyebrow.
It seemed that Culver had already talked to Madam Grant, so there was no need for her to say anything.
There was another problem, though.
She had to make Bernard give up on buying the land and take the initiative to leave Talford Village.
Once he left, she would have a chance to go to the old house and find out what was inside.
Sent by Him
Lucille walked out of the courtyard with the title deed. She was about to look for Bernard when she heard a rumbling sound coming from behind her.
She turned around to take a look. At the end of the small path,
she saw around half a dozen excavators and bulldozers
approaching from afar.
Bernard was waiting by the road with his men.
It was obvious that the machines were sent by him.
Many villagers gathered at the side of the road. When they saw what was going on, they looked at each other and then asked Bernard, "Sir, are you going to start demolishing the village now?"
Bernard opened his mouth slightly. Just as he was about to answer, they heard another clear and pleasant voice first....
"No. Talford Village's land will remain untouched. He's just going to build a new site here.
Lucille slowly stepped forward.
She answered in the simplest and most direct tone.
Bernard was a little dissatisfied. He frowned and said, "Stop
talking nonsense, kiddo. This isn't something you can get involved in. Go back."
"You're wrong, Bernard. I do have a say in this," she retorted.
As Lucille spoke, she waved the title deed in her hand. A sweet smile appeared on her face as she vividly played the part of an innocent and arrogant girl. "This is a wonderful place for retirement. I think building a home would be quite fun." Bernard's eyes darkened. He asked, "Why do you have all the deeds for Talford Village?"
"It's a gift from Mr. Joseph," she replied.
Lucille blinked innocently. Not only did she want Bernard to think that she had borrowed Joseph's power, but she also wanted him to think that she was still the simple-minded, useless girl that the original owner was.
Thus, Lucille raised her eyebrows and confidently declared, "I said I wanted it, so Mr. Joseph gave it to me. Is there a problem?"
Bernard was speechless.
He knew that the land was in Joseph's hands. He had thought that he had a big chance of being able to buy it, but right then, it seemed impossible.
Even so, he still tried, "Lucy, name a price. Sell this piece of land to me, okay?"
"No." Lucille shook her head and said with a serious face," Although I'm very grateful to you for helping me last time, it doesn't matter, Bernard. I think I can make a lot of money after starting a business here! If you want to be a shareholder, I'll welcome you, but if you want to buy the land, I'll have to refuse.
Bernard stared at Lucille speechlessly, his eyes sharp as if he wanted to pierce through her.
For a moment, he suspected that the person he met in the old. house that night was Lucille.
However, it was just a passing thought. Looking at the young girl's spirited and clear eyes, Bernard shook his head and immediately gave up on the idea.
How was that possible?
His sister was just an ordinary girl. She was not that capable.
Bernard massaged the space between his eyebrows and said helplessly, "It's up to you, then."
Either way, he had searched the old house, and there was nothing worthy of his attention. It was very likely that the news was false. Since the search was fruitless, it was useless to
tear down the house.
After that, Bernard turned around and was about to leave.
Lucille chased after him and shouted, "Are you really not going to consider becoming a shareholder, Bernard? I promise that you won't regret it!"
Bernard sped up his pace.
Since he had already given up on this piece of land, he not longer had the patience to continue to stay in Talford Village.
Thus, around ten minutes later, Bernard got in the car and left with his men.
Seeing that he had left, the villagers looked at each other and wondered whether the village was going to be demolished or
not.
Lucille said, "Everyone, you can go back. The village won't be demolished."
She thought that many people would be disappointed when they heard the news, but she didn't expect most of them to breathe a sigh of relief.
"Thank goodness. My ancestors have been staying here for so many years. If they were to drive me away, I wouldn't even know where to go."
"That's right. I'm not used to city life. Now that I'm old, I want to return to my roots. It brings me comfort."
The group of elderly people walked toward their own homes with unsteady steps.
Seeing this, Lucille felt relieved.
###Look Around Carefully
Before she knew it, it was nighttime.
Since Bernard had left, there was no one to keep an eye on the
old house. Lucille did not hesitate. Under the cover of the
night, she snuck in.
She had come in a hurry last time, so she didn't look around carefully.
This time, Lucille went straight to the room on the second. floor, groping around.
After searching for a while, she still didn't find anything.
Lucille could not help heaving a long sigh.
The layout of the old house was almost the same as what she remembered, and all the decorations had not changed. It was just that her grandmother used to have some of her childhood photos on the table before, but the photos were missing right then. Someone must have put them away.
Taking a casual glance, Lucille was suddenly stunned.
That's right.
Where were her photos?
Lucille got up and rummaged through the photos. She found that all of her grandparents' photos were still there, except for her childhood pictures.
Who had taken them?
She frowned and sat on the small bed in frustration.
Next to the bed frame, there was smiling, dusty little doll. The color of its body had faded, and its furry cloth had already.
begun to rot, revealing the white cotton inside.
That was the doll she used to hug to sleep as a child.
Lucille casually picked it up and gently patted the dust off it.
Thud!
A key fell out of the cotton.
Lucille was stunned for a moment and immediately picked it up to have a look. There was an address pasted on the key, which led to the most prosperous street in Shein City! In addition to that, there was another sentence on the back of the key.
It read: "Go. This is the gift I've worked so hard to prepare for you, Bobo."
The handwriting was beautiful and elegant. Lucille recognized it at a glance. It was how her grandmother used to write!
Lucille held the key tightly in her hand.
She didn't expect that it would be hidden in a tattered doll. No wonder Bernard had failed to find it even after coming in and searching so many times.
Despite that, what puzzled her more was why her grandmother. had left her a key, and why the address coincidentally led to Shein City.
Many questions came to her mind, but no one could give her
an answer.
Lucille kept the key and put the doll back in its original place. Then, she left the old house. Pretending that she had just come back from outside, she stepped into the door of Madam Grant's house. Nobody would have thought that Joseph was in the courtyard, staring at the moon.
Lucille's heart skipped a beat when she saw the man's devilishly handsome face.
She hadn't exactly been subtle snooping around in the old house next door. Joseph hadn't noticed, had he?
Just as she was deep in thought, she heard Joseph's voice." Bobo, the moon is quite bright tonight. Do you have time to go out with me for a walk?"
"Where do you want to go?" she asked.
"Anywhere is fine." A smile tugged at the corner of Joseph's lips as he stared fixedly at Lucille with his mesmerizing,
amorous eyes.
Lucille pondered for a moment and replied, "Okay."
The two walked side by side, stepping out of the courtyard and walking on the quiet path.
The moon was indeed bright that night. The full moon was
shining above her head, and the stars in the sky were vastly spread.
wharfully
The village was quiet, and even the wind felt gentle.
At the end of the path, there was an ancient tree.
Red strips of cloth were hung on the branches, a symbol that people used to make wishes. The red cloth was fluttering in the wind. Some were bright, and some had long faded.
All of a sudden, Joseph's interest was piqued. He side-eyed her and asked, "Bobo, should we make a wish?"
Specially Placed
Lucille raised an eyebrow. "Do you still believe in things like. that?"
"It doesn't hurt to try," Joseph said as a piece of red cloth suddenly appeared in his hand. He handed it to Lucille and murmured, "There's a pen over there."
Following his line of sight, she saw that there was not only a pen under the ancient tree but also a small square table. It must have been specially placed by the local villagers who regularly came to pray and make wishes. Lucille shook her head and indifferently replied, "I'm not
interested in this."
If making a wish actually worked, then why was it that no one had heard her even after she had bowed down to the heavens
so many times?
Joseph chuckled. Then, he picked up his pen and started writing slowly on the red cloth.
Lucille was a little curious and couldn't help but sneak a peek.
However, Joseph immediately covered it with his hands. "Don't look."
"So petty."
Lucille simply turned around. She walked to a nearby branch and looked up at the wish written by someone else on a red piece of cloth.
The handwriting was crooked and twisted, but tender. It read: "I didn't do well in my exam. I hope I don't get beaten up when I go home." There was also a couple who had written a solemn vow,
together: "I hope that we can gw old together, get married, have children, and live a happy life!"
Looking down, she could also see some feeble handwriting: "I hope this year's harvest is good, and I hope that my children.
are safe and sound."
Those were all wonderful wishes.
Lucille raised her head, lost in thought.
At that moment, a pair of slender and clean hands passed over her head and tied the red cloth to the high branch.
Lucille stood on her toes and tried to see, but she couldn't see anything. That was because Joseph had deliberately tied the side of the cloth with words on it to be facing away from her.
It was inevitable for her to be curious. The more she couldn't
see it, the more she wanted to find out.
What's more, Lucille was really curious about what Joseph would write on the red cloth.
She stood on tiptoe and tried to tear it off.
Joseph's hands were in his pockets, his entire body exuding an air of elegance and laziness. He didn't stop her and allowed. Lucille to stretch out her hands to catch him. However, her height was nothing compared to his. Even when she struggled so hard, she couldn't even touch the edge of the red cloth.
Joseph couldn't bear it any longer. He chuckled and asked, "Do. you need any help, Bobo?"
""No need!"
Lucille stared angrily at the tall branch. She made up her mind. and jumped into the air.
There was nothing she couldn't get!
This time, she successfully got her hands on the red cloth.
The corner of Lucille's mouth curved into a faint smile.
However, she did not notice that there was moss under her
feet.noveldrama
At that moment, her feet slipped. Lucille was caught off guard and leaned back.
""Be careful!"
Joseph was quick-witted and quickly pulled her back.
Due to the inertia, Lucille was pulled into his embrace.
There was a faint scent of medicine on the man's body, which
was circling the tip of her nose. Because she was pressed tightly against the man's body, she could even feel his strong
heartbeat.
At this time, two children trotted past and accidentally saw them. The two kids were stunned, and then shouted while running, "Oh my god! They're doing something naughty! Shame
on them. Don't look at them! Run!"
Lucille was at a loss for words.
So was Joseph.
What was wrong with those kids? They were just talking
nonsense.
Lucille immediately pulled herself out of Joseph's embrace
The red cloth in Lucille's hand dropped to the ground. She bent down and picked it up. Just as she was about to look at it, she heard Joseph's mischievous voice ringing in her ears. "You can look if you want, Bobo, but you have to be responsible." Did that mean he had written something that she needed to take responsibility for?
###His Trap
Lucille blinked and stuffed the red cloth back into Joseph's
hands without hesitation. "Then I won't look at it."
She couldn't fall into his trap because of her curiosity.
Joseph chuckled and muttered, "Let's go."
The two of them walked back along the path they came from.
The moonlight was paper thin, casting its glow over the small village.
Lucille mindlessly enjoyed the scenery around her. Suddenly, she saw Joseph pointing somewhere. The man's deep and pleasant voice was full of ridicule as he asked her, "Don't you think that looks like you, Bobo?" "What?"
Lucille looked in the direction Joseph was gesturing toward and saw two beautiful and cute white geese standing in the
corner.
The two big, white geese were practically moving in tandem. Their feathers were white and spotless. Their slender necks were slightly bent. As she and Joseph stared at them, the two big white geese suddenly lowered their necks and began. charging toward them clumsily and violently.
Lucille knew that something was wrong. She tugged at Joseph and began running.noveldrama
The two white geese were chasing after them.
After running far away, the two geese stopped chasing them. They stood in the middle of the road with their necks raised proudly in contempt.
Lucille heaved a long sigh of relief.
Joseph raised an eyebrow and curiously questioned, "What's wrong? Do they bite people?"
"Yeah, it really hurts. When I was a child, I was chased by one for almost 200 meters. I almost-" Lucille suddenly stopped
talking.
She had gone too far tonight. She shouldn't even have said
that.
If she said too much, it was hard to guarantee that it would not make Joseph suspicious.
"What did you almost do?" he asked.
Lucille yawned and subtly changed the subject. "It's getting late. We should go rest."
After that, she took the initiative to step into Madam Grant's courtyard and then went into the bathroom to wash up.
Once she was done, Lucille went upstairs and walked back to her bedroom, only to find that her bed was occupied by
someone.
Lucille reminded him, "This is my room, Mr. Joseph. Your room is next door."
Madam Grant cleaned up the room next door in the afternoon. Not only was the floor clean, but all the items inside, including the big bed, were newly bought by Culver based on Joseph's taste. Everything was expensive. Wasn't it more comfortable than her small wooden bed?
Joseph remained where he was. He propped his head up with one hand and held a book in the other. His posture was as
carefree as it could be.
"I like this bed."
"This place isn't suitable for you." Lucille was telling the truth. The shabby room and narrow bed were completely
incompatible with the noble and arrogant man.
However, Joseph had no intention of moving at all. When he saw that Lucille remained frozen in place, he raised an eyebrow and said with a faint smile, "You can squeeze in if you want, Bobo." After that, he moved to the side of the wooden bed.
It was a silent invitation.
Lucille rolled her eyes and walked to the side to pack up her things. She hadn't brought much with her, so she packed them
up in one go.
She carried her backpack and walked out. When she reached the door, she looked back at Joseph.
The warm yellow light shone on the man's face, making his cold eyes a little softer. His jawline was smooth and perfect, and his facial features were perfectly sculpted. He looked like someone straight out of a painting.
Sensing her gaze, Joseph raised his head from the book and smiled softly. "Good night."
"Good night."
Lucille closed the door for him and went to the room next door.
The room had been redecorated. The bed was 1.8 meters
wide, the mattress was custom-made, and the quilt was real silk. It was as comfortable as it could be.
Lucille raised an eyebrow.
The truth was that he had probably left that room for her to
use.
T
###reated Him
With a wall separating them, Joseph turned off the light and quietly looked at the ceiling.
In the darkness, his eyes were still sharp and bright, with a hint
of coldness.
He thought of how when Lucille treated him during the day, he had exposed the scars on his body in front of her. At the time, he asked her whether she was afraid or not. The girl replied to him in a firm and natural tone that there was nothing to be
afraid of.
However, if she knew where these scars came from, she would probably regard him as the head of all evil, just like everyone else did.noveldrama
Joseph closed his eyes.
When he recalled those bloody battles, he suddenly felt as if he were in a dream. It had all happened many years ago, but the only thing that had never disappeared was the black hole behind him.
The gravity of it was pulling him in little by little.
Some day, he would be dragged in, and then he would lose his. life to it...
Joseph rolled onto his side.
Lucille's faint scent lingered on the pillow and blanket, which was extremely pleasant. Gradually, the chaos in his mind
inexplicably calmed down, and the frown on his face eventually
reland
It was rare that he did not have t* disturbing dream that
hight
The next morning, the sky was bright.
Lucille got up early. She ran up the mountain alone, facing the mist inside, and completed her physical training totally unfazed.
When she went down the mountain and returned to Madam
Grant's house, she found that Master Walton was standing in the yard with his hands clasped behind his back, as if he was waiting for her.
"Master Walton, what's wrong?"
""Miss Bambo!"
Upon seeing Lucille, Master Walton was so excited that he immediately blurted, "There's something urgent going on! Dr. Harrison and I went to the neighboring village yesterday to treat an old lady, right? When I got there, I found that the old lady was just an ordinary patient, so I gave her some treatment
and two doses of medicine."
He continued, "At the time, the old lady's condition was almost
stabilized. As a result, early this morning, people in her village came to tell me that the old lady's hysteria had gotten even more serious. She seemed to have gone crazy and ran around shouting!"
He requested, "Why don't you come with me to have a look,
Miss Bambo?"
"Okay. Let's go now."
Lucille motioned for Master Walton to bring his medicine kit. She turned around and was about to leave.
When Madam Grant saw this, she raised her voice and yelled," You haven't had breakfast yet, Miss Lucille. You can't walk while hungry. How about this? Give me two minutes. I'll pack some food for you to eat on the way." Madam Grant moved quickly. In the blink of an eye, she placed a few sandwiches into Lucille's hands.
The food was warm.
"Thank you, Madam Grant."
Lucille took it and looked upstairs. She happened to see Joseph coming out of the room and standing on the balcony.
The man stood tall and straight, and his handsome face was extremely eye-catching.
He was noble and had a strong aura.
Master Walton was stunned for a moment and asked in
surprise, "Why are you here, Mr. Joseph?"
After saying that, Master Walton felt that his words seemed to be nonsensical.
Joseph's fiancee was there. Why wouldn't he have come?
Lucille pondered for a moment, then looked up at Joseph and asked, "Do you want to come with me?"
She was worried that the old lady's condition might be a little tricky. If she could not make it back that night, she would not be able to treat Joseph. That being the case, it would be better if they went together. That way, she could at least make sure he got his daily treatment.
However, as soon as she said that, Master Walton obviously misunderstood. Even his gaze on her and Joseph was full of excitement.
Lucille was speechless. She didn't know what to say.
Joseph had a subtle smile on his face, and his eyes were filled with joy.
He went downstairs and ordered Culver to drive.
They had come in a modified off-road vehicle, so it was not difficult to drive up the mountain road.
At the sight of that, Master Walton's eyes lit up. "That's a good car! Now, we can save some time."
The shortcut to the neighboring village required them to climb over a mountain. If they were to drive, they would have to take a detour. However, driving was still comparatively faster than going on foot.
Most importantly, they wouldn't have to exhaust themselves.
Just like that, Lucille, Joseph, and Master Walton got into the car one after another..
Culver followed the map and went back and forth on the
mountain road for 40 minutes before arriving at the small village.
Master Walton couldn't help but sigh. "Yesterday, I climbed for
two and a half hours. I nearly fell apart on the mountain. We got here in a flash thanks to you, Miss."
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day
###Referring to Lucille
Miss?
Culver, who was driving in front of them, was shocked.
If he had guessed right, Master Walton was referring to Lucille.
Last time, when Master Walton said that he would
acknowledge Lucille as his mentor, Culver thought that Master Walton was just exaggerating. He didn't expect Master Walton. to actually call her in such a respectful manner.
Although he was shocked, Culver didn't dare to ask anything.
Lucille got out of the car. She glanced around and was about to turn around to tell Joseph to wait in the car. However, before she could finish her words, she saw that Joseph had already gotten out of the car. It looked like he had the intention of going with her. Lucille raised an eyebrow and said nothing.
Master Walton had been here the day before. He knew where the old lady's house was, so he led the way and said, "Apparently, the old lady has gone crazy. I don't know if she's in stable condition right now. She was fine yesterday."
Master Walton sighed. "It's my fault. I'm not knowledgeable enough about medicine. I can't even cure a minor disease."
"There are many kinds of hysteria, too. I don't think there's anything wrong with your treatment. There may be other. causes," Lucille stated indifferently.
Her gaze was calm and collected.
The four of them walked into the village. Master Walton pointed to one of the small hoses and said, "This is the-"
Before he could finish, an old lady suddenly rushed out from the side and charged toward Master Walton crazily. Her hair was like straw. She was crying and laughing, and she shouted excitedly and urgently, "Son, son! Is that you?" Master Walton pointed at his face and helplessly replied, "Old lady, Fm only a few years younger than you. What do you think?
Obviously, the old lady in front of him was the person who
needed treatment
Even though Master Walton had only treated her the day before, it seemed that she no longer recognized anyone else. Upon seeing that, the villagers on the side kindly explained The old lady has gone crazy. She has some mental problems. As long as someone new shows up in the village, she will catch him and ask him if he is her son. Sigh. We have no idea
where her son has gone, either There has been no news ofnoveldrama
him since he left home.
Master Walton thanked the villagers beside him. He then
looked at Lucille and said, "Miss, this is the old lady I was talking about. Although the situation yesterday was the same, it wasn't that serious. Take a look, Miss. What's the cause of her illness?"
Lucille remained silent for a long time.
She stared at the dirty-faced old lady in front of her, and she recalled a memory from half a year ago. At the time, she had led a small team to carry out top-secret tasks. While doing so, a few of her team members lost their lives.
One of them collapsed in a pool of blood. With difficulty, he muttered, "Boss, please help me take care of my mother...
The smiling face in that old photo was the same old lady in front of her, who was looking for her son crazily.
Lucille closed her eyes.
IAL
"She's heartbroken."
It wasn't some mysterious, incurable disease. It was just that she missed her son too much, which was why she couldn't be treated.
Hearing that, Master Walton was stunned. "If that's the case, there's nothing we can do."
Lucille ignored him. She walked up to him and held the
nagging old lady's hand. She murmured, "Your son has already returned home. I'll go with you to take a look, okay?"
The old lady nodded immediately. "Okay."
Lucille followed the old lady and went into the small house.
Máster Walton wanted to go with them but was stopped by Lucille. "Wait outside. I'll be done soon."
After that, she walked in and closed the door.
No one knew what Lucille and the old lady talked about. When
they came out half an hour later, the old lady, who had been going crazy, miraculously regained her rationality. Even her messy hair was combed meticulously!
Master Walton was surprised.
Culver's jaw dropped as well.
If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he wouldn't have believed it.
Only Joseph's gaze was calm like an ocean. There was not a single trace of emotion in his eyes.
Lucille walked out of the door and said, "Let's go."
They got in the car. When they set off, the old lady was
standing on the side of the road and waving her hand to see
them off.
Seeing that, Master Walton was amazed and couldn't help asking, "Master, how did you do it? Can you teach me?"
Lucille looked out of the window in silence, not saying a word.
However, Joseph had noticed that there was a subtle restraint in Lucille's emotions. It was as if she was trying her best to endure something. She had exerted so much force that event her fingertips were turning white. She was unhappy.
After coming to that conclusion, Joseph frowned. He held Lucille's hand and took her palm into his in an overbearing, irresistible manner.
Couldn't Break Free
This time, Lucille finally reacted.
She looked at Joseph in confusion and asked, "What are your doing?"
As she spoke, she tried to pull her hand back, but he held on tightly. She couldn't break free no matter how hard she tried.
Joseph asked, "Why are you upset?"
His voice was as soft as a feather, but it stunned Lucille for a moment. She didn't expect him to be able to notice even the slightest change in her emotions.
Lucille lowered her eyes and blandly muttered, "I just heard a sad story."
It was a half-truth, because... she was the one who was telling. the story.
During the half an hour when she entered the house, she told the old lady about her son's experiences and his glorious achievements. The old lady listened carefully with her son's photo in her arms. When she learned that her son had died in action, the old lady, who had been suppressed for many years, was surprisingly calm. She restrained her tears and only said one sentence...
"I figured."
Her voice was trembling as she spoke, and it carried a sense of heartache in it.
Lucille took a deep breath and calmed herself down. She pushed Joseph's hand away and said, "I'm fine."
It was already noon when they returned to Talford Village.
Smoke rose from Madam Grant's kitchen, bringing with it the aroma of food.
Lucille went back to her room. She locked the door and took out her laptop from her backpack. After fiddling with it for a bit, her phone kept getting notifications from her bank.
In less than five or six minutes, there were only two thousand dollars left on her card, down from her initial balance of over two hundred million.
Whoosh.
Lucille let out a stale breath and slammed the computer shut.
At that moment, her phone rang. It was from Molly.
As soon as the phone was connected, Molly, on the other end of the line, said anxiously, "I just received a call from an unknown number, Bobo. It was Hugo! He cried and asked me if you were still alive. I was so scared that I hung up the phone. What should I do? Did I make him suspicious by doing that?"
Molly was so panicked that she wanted to cry. "I don't know how he found me, Bobo. I didn't do anything..."
"It's not your fault." Lucille interrupted Molly's self-blaming rant and muttered, "I transferred each of them a sum of money."
Her team had been with her through all kinds of life-and-death scenarios for so many years. She couldn't leave them with
3rd
nothing.
In addition, she also gave a sum of money to the families of her members who died in battle. She also arranged for two nurses to take care of them, such as the lonely old lady in the neighboring village.
She had promised to help them take care of their families,
after all.
Molly was stunned for a moment and murmured, "But Bobo, you're going to expose yourself if you do that..."
"I know, so I used different channels to transfer the money. No one will know that this is my doing." Lucille rubbed the space between her eyebrows and smiled helplessly. "Except for Hugo, of course. After all, he was trained by me. If he couldn't find any of the clues that I deliberately left behind, that would just be embarrassing."
"Hm? So, you deliberately left my number as a clue to Hugo?" Molly asked.
"Yes."
"I see. He's one of us, then!" Molly nodded solemnly and obediently added, "I know what to do."
Lucille smiled.
In the past, there were so many of her team members who had gone through thick and thin with her. Although there was a traitor who had not been found yet, Hugo was the first one to follow her. He had her absolute trust.
Right then, she needed someone. If Hugo was still willing to be
led by her, he would naturally come to Shein City to find her.
Before hanging up the phone, Lucille asked, "Molly, are your doing all right at home these two days?"
She only wanted to know if someone had gone to the Jules
Residence to make trouble.
To her surprise, Molly stammered, "N-No, nothing happened..."
"Hm?"
Hearing this, Lucille knew that something was wrong. She raised her voice and said calmly, "Molly, tell me the truth."
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day
###Our House
"I... I just made some small renovations to the house."
Renovations?
That wasn't a big deal. Lucille didn't think too much about it and casually said, "It's our house. As long as you like it, you can do whatever you want." After that, Lucille hung up.
At that moment, Madam Grant called out, "It's time to eat, Miss
Lucille!"
"Coming."
Lucille put away her computer and cell phone and walked
down the stairs.
After lunch, Lucille lay down in the yard, basking in the sun.
Master Walton sat on a small stool and sighed. "Why don't we go back tomorrow, Miss Bambo? I'm so bored. I can't stay here any longer."
Lucille glanced at him and asked with a faint smile, "How many patients have you guys treated?"
"Zero."
Master Walton shook his head. "There hasn't been a single one from the first day until now."
Even though the banner for the charity clinic on the side of the
simple house was very eye-catching, the villagers never stepped in.
As for the reason, it was because everyone was shocked by how the students were partying the first night that they arrived. The villagers were not at all willing to let a bunch of untrained doctors treat them. Therefore, the charity clinic was deserted.
Thinking of that, Master Walton couldn't help but complain. "Early this morning, I saw Samuel taking his sister, Joanne, and other students to look for a place to take photos. They were all taking pictures! They even wanted to take me with them. It's disgusting." Lucille was not surprised at all.
Samuel was indeed capable of doing something like that.
He wanted to act like he was doing charity, so he had come there to take photos. It didn't matter whether he was acting or not. As long as he went back and asked the public relations team to make some announcements, Samuel's purpose would be achieved. Unfortunately, Master Walton had gone with the genuine purpose of giving patients free treatment. However, it ended up being useless.
Lucille closed her eyes and enjoyed the cool breeze.
"In that case, let's go back tomorrow..."
Since things had already gotten to that point, there was no need to stay.
Unexpectedly, at that moment, Eason rushed in from outside and shouted happily, "Lucille, there are so many people at the entrance of the village. They are all praising you. They're
saying that you have excellent medical skills and want you to
treat them!"
Lucille opened her eyes, looking a little surprised.
"Hm?"
"It's true!" Eason waved his hands and stomped his feet. heard them. They're all saying the same thing. They even tried going to the simple house at the entrance of the village to look for you, Lucille. I told them that you were at my house, so they came here!" As soon as he finished speaking, there was a lot of noise from outside the courtyard.
Master Walton ran over and saw a dozen villagers of different
ages
They gathered around the door of Madam Grant's yard. When they saw Lucille and Master Walton inside, they said cautiously. "Um, we are from the neighboring village. We heard that patients are being treated for free here, so we just wanted to ask if you can treat us, too..."noveldrama
Upon hearing that, Master Walton immediately understood That morning, Lucille had cured the old lady who was suffering from hysteria in the neighboring village. Hence, word got out and everyone wanted Lucille to treat them, too. Master Walton opened the door and stated in a
amaghtforward manner Cominy mastan and i will treat
After that, Maniter Walen ton? feste Latile and Ried up his chatter to Face was full of grid
Lucile dice know whether to lingh on P
The Bach grombed not to grow amity we why did he cal Ber mantur in Font of so many people?
Evan 20. è didth mattur
Lucille sat up and sand slowly Sure Come on by ame
Small Problems
Over the next few days, Lucille and Master Walton continued treating patients for free.
Among the people who came to see them, there were those with small problems like headaches and a fever. There were also those who had rheumatic leg problems, as well as
pregnant women with large bellies...
From the initial check-up, they had full trust in Lucille and Master Walton's medical skills. There were even two twins with a rare disease who came to see them. Their parents didn't have much hope, but Lucille stated, "They can be cured." She stayed up for two whole nights and actually managed to cure the two children.
From that day on, Lucille was known throughout the entirety of Talford Village. The nearby villagers also came to get free treatment for the very first time and sent her food, drinks, and
gifts.
"Here are some lemons I planted myself, Miss. They're very tasty. Here you are!"
"This is wild fruit that I picked from the mountain this morning, Miss. It has been washed and is very sweet. It is unique to Talford Village. You won't be able to find it anywhere else!" "Over here, Miss..."
Lucille was surrounded by a group of enthusiastic and simple.
villagers. The bamboo baskets in front of her were practically piled up into a small mountain. There were all kinds of things inside, such as eggs and mushrooms, as well as bound chickens, ducks, and geese.
There was a constant, faint smile on Lucille's face. Patiently and gently, she said, "You don't have to thank me. Please take these things back, everyone. We really can't finish them." However, no one listened to her. More villagers put down their baskets and ran away at a high speed, for fear that Lucille would make them take it back.
Lucille felt helpless. She took advantage of a moment when there were no patients to sit under the shade of the tree and
rest.
Just as she was about to stretch, Lucille inadvertently raised her head to glance around. On the balcony on the second floor, Joseph was leaning against the railing leisurely. His seductive eyes were staring at her without blinking. There was a hint of teasing on his handsome face.
"You've been working hard, Miss Lucille."
Obviously, he was poking fun at her.
Lucille picked up a wild fruit from the basket and threw it at him. She raised her eyebrows and said, "There you go. Eat it."
Joseph raised his hand, and the small fruit landed steadily in his palm.
The small fruit was totally red. Since it had been washed, the color was exceptionally vibrant.
Joseph hesitated for a second and then tried to take a bite.
Lucille stared at him the entire time. When she saw that the usually distinguished Joseph was actually eating the wild fruit, she was a little surprised. She could not help but ask, "Is it sour, Joseph?"
"It's very sweet," he replied.
"Really?"
Lucille was a little suspicious, but since Joseph's expression seemed genuine, she picked up a fruit from the bamboo basket and tried to taste it.
As a result, Lucille's expression wrinkled the moment she took
the first bite.
Help!
The fruit was even more sour than a lemon!
It was both sour and bitter!
Lucille wanted to spit it out, but when she remembered that the villagers had worked so hard to go up the mountain to pick the fruits, and then washed them and sent them to her, she had to
eat it no matter what.
She made up her mind and swallowed.
Right then, there was a click.
Lucille raised her head in shock and saw that there was an
SLR camera in Joseph's hand. It was aimed at her face just as she tasted the sourness. He pressed the shutter and took
quite a few pictures.
Joseph chuckled as he shrugged his shoulders. "You look so silly like that, Bobo."
Lucille was speechless.
How cruel could he be?
"Joseph! Give me the camera!"
Lucille was furious. For the first time, she couldn't control her emotions and rushed to the second floor like a gust of wind to grab the camera. However, Joseph already knew what she was going to do and entered the room first. Lucille was quick-witted and rushed in before he could close the door.
""Give it to me!"
Lucille reached out to him. She had a fierce expression on her face, but her eyes were watery because she had just eaten the sour fruit. Not only was she not threatening at all, but she was also a little cute.
Just like that cat of his.
Enjoy Ad Free Reading>>
###Half-Smile
Joseph's heart skipped a beat. He took a step closer to Lucille and asked with a half-smile, "Do you want me to delete the photo?" ""Yes!"
What a loaded question.
How could she allow him to keep such an ugly picture?
Joseph nodded without hesitation. Then, he changed the topic and said with a mischievous grin, "In that case... Say something nice about me, and I'll give you the camera." She knew it wouldn't be that easy!
Lucille took a deep breath. With hatred in her tone, she grumbled, "If you keep doing this, I'm going to commit domestic violence!"
After saying that, both of them were stunned.
Domestic violence?
It was a slip of the tongue by Lucille. Joseph was inexplicably
happy to hear it, though.
"Bobo, it seems that you're well aware that we're husband and
wife."
Lucille was at a loss for words.
She had just dug her own grave.
Hall Sour
She blushed and immediately turned to leave.
Joseph stood where he was and looked at her silly yet
adorable expression saved in the camera. He could not help but smile.
It was such a precious and rare moment. He was reluctant to delete it.
Lucille dashed down the stairs. It wasn't until she felt a gentle
breeze that her face finally cooled down.noveldrama
Just now, she had fallen right into Joseph's trap.
He asked her to say something nice, and she subconsciously thought of those extremely intimate pet names, like calling him her husband or something like that... Thus, she had spoken without thinking and accidentally mentioned domestic violence.
It was too embarrassing.
Sitting on the chair, Lucille finally calmed down.
At that moment, footsteps were heard from outside the yard. Lucille thought that someone was coming to deliver
something. She looked up and saw Joanne and Jenny walking
1. in.
Hmph.
What were they up to?.
Lucille crossed her arms in front of her chest, a faint grin on
her face.
Hall Sonde
The thugs sent by Jenny's father had been sent to the police station by Bernard. She didn't know whether Sebastian. threatened them or promised them greater benefits, but those thugs ended up insisting that they wanted to rob her, which was why they got into a conflict.
Because the robbery didn't succeed, nor was there any serious harm done to her, the charges against those thugs were very small. However, those thugs didn't have clean records in the first place. Instead, they got sentenced to 15 years because of other charges. It was precisely because it didn't involve the Zanes family that Jenny hadn't learned her lesson. She was still arrogant.
After stepping into the courtyard with Joanne, the first thing Jenny said was, "Lucille, do you think we just don't exist? This free clinic is obviously a product of everyone's hard work. Now, these villagers call you a miracle doctor. How are you not ashamed to take all of the credit for yourself?"
"That's right!" Joanne was also dissatisfied. "This charity clinic was organized by the Gilbert family. If these foolish people are going to thank someone, they should thank the Gilbert family! Who gave you the right to show off in front of everyone?"
One of them was saying that Lucille was stealing the credit,
and the other said that she had won the favor of others.
Lucille was about to laugh from fury. Based on what they were saying, they basically didn't want her to do anything at all. That wasn't true, though. Even if she hadn't done anything, they still wouldn't have stopped hating on her brainlessly.
Lucille leaned back on her chair and muttered, "First of all, I've never thought of taking credit for it. I'm just doing what I
should do. Second, since it's a charity clinic organized by the Gilbert family, I suppose I'll have to trouble the Gilbert family to donate all the resources that they said they would."
With a faint smile on her face, Lucille deliberately emphasized the word charity.
Because of the Gilbert family's charity clinic, the shares of their company skyrocketed in just a few days.
People in the outside world all praised Samuel, saying that he was very generous. He was not only handsome but also broad-minded. They also said that Joanne, the daughter of a rich family, truly had it hard. Even though she had to go to a poor and remote place, she didn't kick up a fuss at all, and she was apparently kind and benevolent.
Since they had achieved their goal, they gained a lot of
publicity and earned a lot of money. In that case, wouldn't it be appropriate for them to keep their word and honestly donate everything that they had promised to the public?
Maintaining her grin, she continued, "If that happens, the citizens of Talford Village will definitely thank the Gilbert
family for their generosity. Miss Joanne, what do you think?"
Innocent and Harmless
Joanne straightened her neck and refused to show weakness." Of course. As if I need you to tell me what the Gilbert family should do."
"Good, then. We're going back tomorrow, so I hope your
promise can be fulfilled today. Otherwise, the good reputation of the Gilbert family might not last," Lucille replied.
She smiled, her clear and alluring gaze looking innocent and harmless.
However, Joanne suddenly shivered.
Beside her, Jenny could not help rolling her eyes when she saw that Lucille had convinced Joanne in just a few words. She raised his voice and thundered, "What are you so proud of, Lucille? Even if you've contributed the most in this free clinic,, so what? We're all getting full marks, and you're the only one who got zero!"
Lucille shook her head. She looked at Jenny as if she was staring at an idiot. There was a hint of pity in her eyes.
Jenny was stunned and angrily demanded, "Lucille, what do you mean by that?"
"Nothing. I just feel sorry for you."
It was the truth.
Lucille twitched the corner of her mouth and casually added, Not only do I feel sorry for you, but I also feel sorry for your
teacher. You're a medical student, but all you care about are calculating scores. Isn't that sad?"
Was Jenny going to weigh the pros and cons every single time. she was faced with a life-or-death scenario and having to treat patients? Would she first calculate whether she could benefit
from it?
It was ridiculous.
No wonder Master Walton felt that they were hopeless.
It was the truth.
Jenny laughed exaggeratedly and clicked her tongue. "What are you acting so high and mighty for, Lucille? You're enjoying the praise of these stupid villagers, aren't you? Don't tell me you think that you're really a great doctor who can save the world just because they call you a miracle doctor! Don't you know your worth? How funny!"
Lucille began digging her ears. She did not intend to waste any more time on someone so stupid.
No matter how much she told Jenny, she would still remain.
stubborn in her views.
There was no point.
However, when Jenny saw that Lucille did not say anything, she became even more worked up. Sarcastically, she said, Hey, if you don't say anything, then you're admitting it. I'm right, aren't I? You have your own selfish motives. How dare you try to teach me a lesson?"
Lucille was leisurely basking in the sun. She was determined
vid Harleen
to tune Jenny.out.
Jenny was full of rage. She wanted to say something, but Culver suddenly appeared and stated with a cold face, "My Mr. Joseph said that it was too noisy downstairs. If Miss Zanes continues to make noise and act rude to Mrs. Collins, then... we'll make the Zanes family disappear from Shein City."
20
Even the wind froze for a moment.
There was silence all around, and an invisible cold sense of killing intent pervaded the air.
Jenny's heart skipped a beat. She was so frightened by Culver's last sentence that he took a step back.
It was Joseph saying that, and he was a man of his word.
Getting rid of the Zanes family would be a piece of cake.
Jenny's face was pale. In an instant, she didn't dare to make a
sound.
She looked around and found that Joanne had left a long time ago. She must have gone to tell her brother about the donation. Jenny was alone and helpless. Her body trembled, and he immediately ran out of the yard and fled quickly.
Culver retracted his cold expression, turned to Lucille, and respectfully asked, "Mrs. Collins, Mr. Joseph wanted to ask if we should make the Gilbert family and the Zanes family disappear."
"No need."
Lucille rejected him immediately. As she spoke, she glanced
upstairs and saw that Joseph was not on the balcony. She heaved a sigh of relief and indifferently continued, "I will settle my own matters." "Understood!"
Culver bowed and answered politely.
"By the way..." Lucille seemed to have thought of something and asked, "Have you found Mr. Joseph's herbs? How many have you found?"
"We've only found one. There's no news..." Culver lowered his voice as he spoke. He was a little nervous as he murmured, "I'd like to ask you something, Mrs. Collins. If we can't find all the herbs, are you sure you can cure Mr. Joseph's illness?" Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>>
###An Answer
Joseph had only casually told Culver that he wanted to find a few herbs. He didn't say anything else, so Culver didn't dare to ask.
Since he had an opportunity to ask Lucille alone, he wanted an
answer.
Lucille raised an eyebrow and said slowly, "As I said, even if we can't find the herbs, he won't die as long as I'm around."
The girl in front of him was still calm and indifferent, and her words were casual, too. Somehow, though, she made him feel a little excited. It was like anything she said would come true.
Culver immediately bowed down. He was more respectful than ever before. From the bottom of his heart, he stated, "Thank you, Mrs. Collins!"
He would be indebted to anyone who could save Joseph.
From then on, he would no longer hold any grudge or doubts against Lucille.
He truly saw her as Mrs. Collins.
However, Lucille didn't care. She stretched and continued to bask in the sun.
People came to see her one after another until night fell, but they all had minor problems. All she had to do was give them prescriptions.
Lucille asked Master Walton to treat the patients while she went to Joseph's room to give him an injection.
In order to stabilize the toxins and symptoms in his body, she couldn't pass on treating him for even a day. Only when the toxin was temporarily suppressed and the poison no longer resurfaced would there be no need for him to receive daily treatment.
When Lucille entered, Joseph immediately began taking off his
clothes.
After doing the same routine for the past few days, the two of them had developed a kind of tacit understanding.
During the treatment process, Lucille was fully focused. Fortunately, Joseph did not bring up her slip of the tongue again. Lucille secretly breathed a sigh of relief and her
movements became much more relaxed.
Soon, the treatment was over.
Lucille took Joseph's pulse and remarked, "Not bad. Right now, the poison in your body has slowed down a lot. In about two months, the poison will be completely suppressed. When the time comes, your body will recover."
"But..." She paused and continued, "You have to keep looking for the herbs I mentioned, or the suppressed toxins in your body will break out again one day. When that happens, your condition will be even more serious." "Bobo."
There was a deep meaning hidden in the depths of Joseph's
eyes. His voice was pleasant to the ear as he said with a chuckle, "It looks like I can't leave your side, then."
Lucille put away her tools and replied, "Technology is so advanced nowadays. There's no need for that."
What she meant was that if something really happened to him,
she would be there as soon as he called her. There was no
need for her to stick to him at all times.
Joseph laughed out loud.
"That makes sense."
"Go to bed early. Good night.",
After Lucille said that, she walked out.
The next morning, Madam Grant prepared a big table full of delicious food as a farewell gift to them.
Eason held Lucille's hand and asked, "Will you come back again in the future, Lucille?"
""I will."noveldrama
Lucille patted his head and said with a faint smile, "You should study hard. Next time I come, I hope to see you score full marks in your exam."
"Okay!" Eason nodded enthusiastically.
After a hearty breakfast, Lucille got into the black off-road vehicle. Joseph was already waiting for her in the car.
"Goodbye." Lucille waved to the people behind her.
The black off-road vehicle drove forward.
Алина
Lucille looked out of the window. Although she liked the
scenery in Talford Village very much, she felt impatient to check out the key and address that her grandmother had left for her. She couldn't wait to see what was there... Treat You
###Treat You
After a few hours' drive, the black off-road vehicle stopped at the gate of the Jules Residence.
Culver opened the door and respectfully announced, "Mr. Joseph, Mrs. Collins, we're here.
"I'll head back first. I'll go back to your place and treat you in the evening," Lucille said. She got out of the car first and walked towards the Jules Residence.
Unexpectedly, Joseph began walking in the same direction.
Lucille shot him a puzzled look. Joseph raised an eyebrow and smiled while saying, "Let's go together. It's in the same.
direction anyway."
Their gates were located in two different directions. How
could that be?
Lucille was about to speak, but she was stunned the moment she stepped into the villa.
The wall that separated her villa from Joseph's had been removed. The living room's size had doubled in an instant. On top of that, the wallpaper and decorations had been adjusted and changed. It looked grand and luxurious. It was twice the size of her previous living room, and it looked even better.
Most importantly, the two houses used to be separate, but now they had become a single entity...
Lucille suddenly remembered that night when she called
Joseph. At the time, she heard clanging sounds in the background. Joseph had said that someone was doing renovations next door! When she thought about it, it was obvious that someone was demolishing a wall.
She rubbed her forehead and helplessly asked, "How did you bribe Molly?"
Joseph suppressed his laughter and replied, "She asked for two truckloads of candy."
Lucille didn't know what to say.
As expected, Molly was nothing in the face of food.
At that moment, she heard meowing. Lucille felt a ticklish
sensation around her feet. She looked down and saw the little
cat that Joseph was raising circling around her. It kept meowing, and its voice was weak yet cute.
Lucille raised her hand and picked up the little cat. Then, she went upstairs and walked to her bedroom.
The two villas had become one. The only benefit was that she could pet a cat any time she wanted and could even take it
away.
Joseph raised an eyebrow.
The cat he had adopted never got close to anyone else. Whenever anyone touched it, its hair would stand on its back and its face would be full of vigilance. However, Lucille was the only exception to this aside from Joseph himself. Suddenly, something came to Joseph's mind. He asked, "Is this cat male or female?"
Culver was stunned for a moment and replied, "It's male."
"Go get it neutered."
Culver was at a loss for words.
Was Joseph seriously jealous over a cut?
He tried his best to hold back his laughter and respectfully replied, "Yes."
Meanwhile, upstairs...
Lucille carried the cat into the bedroom. She placed it on her bed and said to the sneaky shadow outside the door, "Aren't you going to come in?"
Molly squeezed in from the outside with a smile.
She was still holding a handful of candy. Seeing that Lucille was looking at her with a half-mile, Molly cautiously tried to butter Lucille up. "Do you want some, Bobo?"
"No." Lucille sat on the edge of the bed and shot Molly a look.
Molly understood and immediately closed the door behind her.
Only then did Lucille ask, "Have you contacted Hugo?"
"Yes! That day, I told him that we were in Shein City. He said that he would come with the rest of the men, but in order not to attract any attention, they left the capital using the excuse that they were going back to their hometown. Then, they secretly gathered together." Molly stepped forward and murmured, "Hugo sent me anoveldrama
message an hour ago saying that he will be here tonight."
"Okay." Lucille nodded. "Got it. I'm going out." "Understood." Molly nodded obediently.
###See You Out
She never asked Lucille what she was going to do or where she was going. All she knew was that if Lucille asked her to do something, she would do it If she couldn't help with anything, she would wait at home obediently. When Lucille went downstairs, Culver saw her and asked. respectfully, "Are you going out, Mrs. Collins? Let me see you
out."
"No need."
Lucille made up a random excuse. "I'm just going to buy something."
When she walked out of the villa to hail a taxi, Lucille realized
how troublesome her life was without a car. However, when she remembered that she only had two thousand dollars left, she immediately gave up on the idea of buying a car.
She took a taxi to the bustling downtown street. She went into a few shops and bought some small trinkets. Then, she acted as if she was strolling around and casually walked toward one of the alleys.
When there was no one following her or paying attention to her, Lucille strode into the alley and found the door number of the address that her grandmother had given her.
Lucille took out the key and gently unlocked the door.
She walked in and saw a brightly lit corridor. There were some
paintings on both sides. Written beside each painting were al description and an introduction to the artist. At first glance, they were just small, ordinary paintings.
Could it be that these paintings were left behind by her grandmother?
Lucille continued walking forward. At the end of the path, there
was a mechanical door.
When the door detected that someone was approaching, a password input prompt immediately popped up. It read: "If the password is wrong, this door will be sealed for a year, which means that it can't be opened until a year has passed." There was only one chance.
Lucille did not even think before she typed in her birthday along with her favorite number.
She heard cracking. The mechanical door began to operate and then it slowly opened.
It revealed a completely different environment.
As far as the eye could see, there were super high-end instruments, advanced equipment, and scientific research materials everywhere.
Lucille walked in, feeling surprised.
No wonder her grandmother said that she had left behind everything she could.
It was a science and technology laboratory carefully prepared by her grandmother.
Her grandmother-in-law, Rafela Jones, had devoted her entire life to the science and technology industry. She had won countless awards, and she had made dozens of achievements in her research and development! With her own skills, she had been able to push technological development forward for
decades.
Almost everything in the laboratory was a result of her painstaking effort.
Lucille walked over with quick steps, her heart beating faster.
She used to follow her grandmother around the laboratory since she was a child. She knew how to use all the instruments
inside, as well as the super high-class equipment.
Lucille picked up a set of high-tech glasses on the table. She was about to put them on when someone patted her on the shoulder.
Someone was behind her, but she hadn't noticed them.
Lucille's entire body tremble, and she abruptly turned around... ""Who is it?"noveldrama
Her pupils constricted when she saw the person behind her.
The man in front of her seemed to have come straight out of a painting. He was handsome and tall, and his figure was slender and strong. Beneath his black hair, he had a pair of
sharp eyebrows and starry eyes, which were calm and gentle. His nose was high and straight. His lips were red, and his teeth were white. He looked stunning.
Say You Out
However, he wasn't breathing.
Because... he was a robot.
"Hello, Miss Jules."
The man spoke. His voice was gentle and smooth, and his tone and expressions were identical to that of a normal
person. He didn't seem like a robot that relied on a chip and power supply to function.
"I'm a custom-made guardian created by Doctor Jones to protect you, Miss Jules. I'm also the 96th research subject personally developed by Doctor Jones. My name is Robert Evans," he introduced.
###Designed Him Herself
Lucille, however, replied, "I know
The moment she saw him, she understood.
Because she was the one who gave Robert his name, and she had also designed him herself.
When she was young, Rafela, stroked her head and asked, "What kind of gift do you want, Bobo?"
She said, "I want a handsome brother who can fight for me! He has to win, too!"
Then she gave Rafela a picture she had randomly drawn and smiled innocently. "Just like this! I want his name to be Robert Evans."
"What a nice name. This is a wonderful drawing, too."
Rafela laughed and said kindly, "As long as you want it, Bobo, I'll do my best!"
People from the Jules family never went back on their word. Even if it was just Lucille messing around as a kid, as long as she wanted it, the family would try their best to fulfill her dream. She had finally received her gift, even though she was ten. years late.
Tears welled up in Lucille's eyes.
She wondered how many times Rafela had studied and failed
before she finally created a lifelike version of Robert, who was almost identical to a normal person.
Lucille took a deep breath. She looked at Robert in front of her and asked, "Have you been in this laboratory for the past ten years?"
"That's right. Doctor Jones ordered me to wait for you in the laboratory. Now that you've arrived, I will only listen to you from now on," he replied.
She blinked. Unable to hold it in any longer, she stepped
forward and touched Robert's arm.
She thought it would feel rough or hard like metal.
Unexpectedly, it was no different from that of regular human
skin.noveldrama
Noticing her confusion, Robert explained, "This is the artificial skin that Doctor Jones designed for me. Detailed research data about it are stored in my chip as well as the laboratory's computer."
Lucille kept getting continuously shocked.
What kind of path had Rafela set up for her?
A bold idea popped up in her mind.
She quickly walked to the computer and checked the information inside. After she finished reading it, the idea in her mind gradually grew firmer.
"Robert, since you also have this information in your chip, does it mean that you can operate all of the machines?" she asked.
"Yes."
Robert nodded. He couldn't figure out what Lucille was up to, so he asked, "Miss Jules, are you saying..."
"Come on. Do me a favor."
Lucille waved at him, motioning for him to get closer.
Robert walked over without hesitation. In his chip, his first priority was that he would always be loyal to Lucille,
unconditionally follow Lucille, and unconditionally obey all of
her orders.
She whispered a few words into Robert's ear.
When she approached him, there was a faint fragrance on her body. As a robot, Robert wasn't supposed to have a sense of smell. Despite that, Rafela was a big shot in the science and technology field. She was practically hailed as a goddess. Not only did she create a sense of smell for him, but she even
created taste buds.
Other than that, Rafela had also implanted Lucille's information into him.
Including all of her emotions.
At that moment, he could sense that Lucille felt a little cunning.
It was like she had something big up her sleeve.
When Lucille was done speaking, Robert nodded and a faint smile appeared on his lips. "Alright. Whatever you say, Miss.
Jules."
Lucille looked at Robert's face and couldn't help being
surprised once again.
Even when he smiled, he was so beautiful!
If it weren't for the fact that she knew who he was, no one would have thought that he was just a product of artificial intelligence.
"By the way, why is it that you have a heartbeat but you don't breathe?" Lucille wondered aloud. Rafela had been so
thoughtful that she had designed Robert to be exactly like a normal person. Since that was the case, Robert should have been able to see, smell, breathe, and have a heartbeat. Claim Bonus For Free Every
###Won't Interact With Anyone Else
Those were all things that he was able to do.
Robert answered, "Because I won't teract with anyone else innoveldrama
the lab."
Lucille understood and felt sorry for him.
Since he would not come into contact with others in the laboratory, he did not need to activate his breathing functions, nor did he need to pretend to be a normal person.
For a long time, he was alone in the deserted, cold laboratory. How lonely he must have been...
Lucille stood on her tiptoes. She touched Robert's hair and said with a smile, "It doesn't matter. I've found you. I won't let you be so lonely in the future."
Robert was stunned for a moment. His programming told him that he didn't belong to the human race. Thus, when Lucille told him that he would no longer be lonely, it was beyond his scope of knowledge, and he didn't understand what it meant. Even so, he nodded and replied with a grin, "Yes, Miss Jules."
Lucille looked at the time and found that she had been in the lab for a long time without even realizing it. She said, "I'll be leaving now."
"Okay."
Robert sent Lucille out of the laboratory.
Looking at the long corridor and the surrounding walls, Lucille asked as she walked, "Are these paintings used to distract people?" "Yes."
Robert stopped at the door. "Goodbye, Miss Jules."
Lucille stepped out of the door. Through the alley, she could see the setting sun. It shone on her body and cast a long shadow behind her. Behind the door, Robert's slender figure
stood in her shadow.
It was possible that from the day he was created, he had never seen the sun or anything from the outside world.
Lucille suddenly turned around.
"Miss Jules, you..." Robert was stunned. He didn't know why. Lucille, who had already left, suddenly turned around. The next second, however, she grabbed his wrist with her clean, warm hands and then dragged him out.
###"Miss Jules..."
""Don't talk. Follow me."
Lucille pulled Robert out of the alley.
The moment they stepped out, the golden sunset was dazzling and spectacular, and the glow of the sun on the horizon was gorgeous. There were people coming and going on the street, dressed in all kinds of strange clothes, and they were all unique. The sound of cars driving down the road was loud and endless. The aroma of snacks drifted from the roadside stalls.
At the entrance of the stores, someone was selling balloons.
Robert was at a bit of a loss.
In his set-up procedures, he had been implanted with all kinds. of knowledge about astronomy and geography. All the common sense regarding the world had been engraved in his chip.
However, all of that was unchanging.
What Lucille was showing him was a world he had never seen before.
It turned out that there were so many kinds of smells, and even the balloons were colorful and had different shapes.
Robert stood rooted to the spot, only to hear Lucille's voice beside him. "From now on, I'll bring you with me to experience this world. You can feel the wind and the rain, and see the different sunrises and sunsets. We'll be companions, family members, and also people who rely on each other."
With that, Lucille reached out her hand and winked at him.
Robert grinned. For the first time, something else flashed in his brown pupils.
He reached out and gently grabbed Lucille's hand.
"Whatever you say, Miss Jules."
"It's settled, then! I'm leaving, so you should go back too." Lucille noticed that there were already many girls staring at Robert after such a short period of time. If they stayed any longer, those girls might come up to hit on him. Wes s Milane, 1 Watt Airpoen Kle
For the sake of Robert's safety, Lucille watched with her own eyes as he returned to the laboratory. Only then did she take a
taxi to the Jules Residence.
On the way there, she received a call from Molly.
"Bobo, Hugo and the others have arrived. They are in a hotel now. I will send you the address," she stated.
"Okay." Lucille looked at the address and then asked the driver to change destinations. "Take me to Dreamy Hotel." Avoid Them
When Lucille arrived at the hotel, she paid the cab driver, thanked him, and then opened the door to get out.
At the entrance of the hotel, the trees blocked the light shining. down from above. In the shadows stood more than a dozen
burly men who were obviously skilled in fighting.
They had a strong murderous aura, which made all of the passers-by avoid them.
Only Lucille was approaching them at a steady pace.
Hugo stared fixedly at the girl who was slowly walking toward them. His calm expression became a little excited. His eyes were red, and even his fists were clenched tightly because of how hard he was trying to restrain his emotions. The companions around him all stretched their necks,
"Is that the boss?"
"It looks like her, but it also doesn't."
Hugo was also a little uncertain.
Finally, Lucille stopped in front of them.
She chuckled and then lazily said, "Do I have to kick you for you guys to recognize me?"
That was the same thing she had said when she was leading their team that year. Back then, no one was willing to listen to her, so she had simply beaten all of them to the ground before.
saying that sentence indifferently.
Right then, she was speaking in a familiar tone. The eyes of the eleven people in front of her began to water.
"Boss, you're still alive! You're still alive!"
"Boss, it's really you!"
"Thank goodness, Boss..."
Hugo looked at Lucille with red eyes. Even though he stood at 1.8 meters tall, the moment he saw Lucille, he burst into tears. His voice was choked with sobs and he could not finish his words. "Boss, I thought- I thought you were really dead."
A few days ago, when he got an extra sum of money transferred to his card, he immediately guessed that it was Lucille's doing. Then, he swiftly calculated the string of numbers included in the reference number and got a phone number.
When he dialed it, it turned out to be Molly.
At the time, he was wondering if Lucille was still alive, so he desperately asked Molly. She told him that Lucille was indeed alive, but he couldn't believe it until he saw Lucille standing in front of him with his own eyes. He felt lucky and happy to meet her again. Both of those emotions were intertwined. Hugo was crying and smiling at the same time. "Thank goodness, thank goodness."
When everyone had calmed down a little, Lucille said, "Okay, enough crying. You're like a bunch of babies."noveldrama
enough crying. You're like a bunch of babies."
###Hugo was the first to respond.
The next second, all eleven of her men knelt down on one knee and announced in unison, "E ss, we would like to follow your again! We will go anywhere with you, through rain and fire. Even if we get smashed to pieces, we will die an honorable death! Lucille looked at the familiar and determined faces in front of her and muttered, "Have you thought it through? You guys are destined for a better future. You don't have to change your
name and follow me."
Not to mention, she was still living as a sinner. One that was already dead, no less. She had no choice but to continue living with that identity.
Hugo declared, "You were the one who gave me life, Boss. I am willing to follow you. I will never go against my word!"
The others also nodded. "Boss, we are willing to follow you!"
"Yes! We only acknowledge you, Boss!"
If it weren't for Lucille rushing into the flames to save them during the mission back then, they wouldn't have been alive in the present.
Looking at their determined and upright expressions, Lucille finally nodded.
"Okay. As I said, I will never leave any of the men who are
willing to follow me behind, no matter the time or place," she
stated.noveldrama
Hugo and others nodded enthusiastically.
They were already pleasantly surprised that they had found Lucille again.
"Boss, what are we going to do next?"
"Well..." Lucille thought for a moment and said, "First of all, you guys should go back to the hotel to rest. Secondly, we're going to open up a shop and look for a place to settle down. From now on, we'll temporarily be based in Shein City." "Okay!"
Hugo nodded vigorously.
Enjoy Ad Free Reading
###Noticed
Lucille waved her hand, turned around, and looked to the side."
Okay. We'll contact each other over the phone, then. By the
way, keep a low profile and don't do anything so that nobody recognizes you. Got it?"
"Understood!"
Hugo and the others calmed down and then went in the direction of the hotel.
There was no one around, so nobody noticed what was going
on beneath the trees.
However, there was a camera above their heads.
When Lucille passed by the camera, she also grabbed the protective device attached to it.
She had gotten it from the lab, and it was very useful. Whether it was a camera or any other recording equipment, the moment she attached the device, it would become completely ineffective.
Lucille put the protective device back into her pocket and then took a taxi to the Jules Residence.
By the time Lucille got home, it was already half past eight at night.
She put the little trinkets she had bought at the entrance of the house, changed her shoes, and went inside.
Lucille still wasn't used to the missing wall. The whole villa
was as big as a small palace. If she wasn't familiar with the layout inside, she would have gotten lost.
She walked in.
When Madam Dahlia saw her, she asked with concern, "You're back, Miss Jules. Are you hungry? I'll make you something to eat."
Hearing that, Lucille remembered that she hadn't eatennoveldrama
anything from afternoon until night.
His stomach also began to protest. It was growling.
Lucille nodded and was about to agree, but Culver came over and said respectfully, "Please come to our dining room for dinner, Mrs. Collins."
It felt good to have the two houses combined. The servants and chefs that Joseph had hired greatly reduced Madam
Dahlia's workload. She no longer needed to hire someone else to clean the place.
She could even get free meals while she was at it.
Lucille told Madam Dahlia, "You don't have to cook anymore,
Madam Dahlia."
Then, she went toward the large dining room.
Joseph was already sitting there and waiting. He was still holding the aggrieved little cat in his arms.
Lucille glanced at the kitten and asked curiously, "Did you bully
it?"
""Meow, meow.
The tiny cat meowed twice, broke free from Joseph's embrace and immediately jumped into Lucille's arms.
Seeing this scene, even Culver was a little speechless.
He suspected that the cat only allowed Joseph to carry it to spare him any embarrassment. Out of all the servants and bodyguards in the villa, if any of them tried to touch the cat, they would definitely get scratched. Meanwhile, when it came to Lucille and Joseph, the little cat meowed and acted like a spoiled child!
Hmph. The reality was so cruel!
Lucille held the cat in her arms and comforted it for a while. Finally, it fell asleep as she was holding it, as comfortable as it could be.
Joseph signaled for the servants to serve the dishes. He then opened his mouth slowly to answer Lucille's question.
"I was just talking about how I wanted to get it neutered."
"Neutered?" she repeated.
Was that why the cat felt wronged?
Lucille thought for a moment and casually remarked, "Apparently, cats are supposed to get neutered once they reach maturity, but I'm not too sure, either. Let's wait and see what the veterinarian says. If it's for the cat's good, then it should get neutered." After Lucille finished speaking, she felt that something was
wrong.
The cat belonged to Joseph. Why was she involved in the
discussion? It was as if they were parents talking about their
child.
Lucille decided not to say anything more.
However, when she inadvertently looked up, she was met with
a faint sense of amusement in Joseph's eyes.
He asked, "Why are you blushing, Bobo?"
Interested in Me
Lucille asked, "Am I?"
"Yes," Joseph affirmed.
Then, he changed the topic and smiled with an even deeper meaning behind it. "You're blushing, Bobo. Don't tell me that means you're interested in me?"
Lucille remained silent and flashed a fake smile. She raised
the knife and fork in her hand to cut the steak in front of her,
and then said, "You shouldn't talk while you eat."
It was obvious that she didn't want to speak to him.
Joseph laughed quietly. His charming eyes shone with a faint glint. He opened his thin lips slightly, and his charming and pleasant voice had a hint of temptation in it. "Honestly, Bobo, if you want me to, I can sacrifice myself." "I don't want that. Thank you!"
Lucille buried herself in her meal,
After she finished eating, she did not even try to act polite. She went straight upstairs and returned to her room.
Molly followed Lucille into the room with her favorite toy in her arms and said, "Bobo, I've realized that you and Mr. Joseph's relationship seems to have improved after you came back from Talford Village." "Really?" Lucille was very surprised because earlier, Madam
Dahlia had said almost the same thing.
"Yes!" Molly nodded vigorously before laughing. "You should try your best to win Mr. Joseph over, Bobo. That way, his
property will belong to you, and we will have an endless supply of money!"
Lucille poked her grumpily. "You just want an infinite supply of candy, don't you?"
Molly's thoughts were exposed. She covered her mouth and tried not to shed tears of disappointment.
Lucille shook her head and went into the bathroom with a set of clothes.
When she emerged, Molly had already returned to her room.
She grabbed the hairdryer and began drying her hair.
At that moment, her phone on the table lit up. She had received. a text message from an unknown number.
There was only one sentence.
It read: "Miss Jules, how about you set up a time for us to talk?"
What a matter-of-fact tone.
Lucille glanced at it and ignored it.
Whoever sent that kind of text message hadn't even introduced themselves. Not only were they rude, but they also had an incredibly annoying sense of superiority.
Lucille dried her hair, turned off the light, and was about to go to bed. She suddenly remembered that she hadn't treated
Joseph yet that day, so she had no choice but to get up and pick up her bag of tools before leaving the room.
Despite that, what Lucille didn't know was that after she went out, the phone on the table lit up again. It was from the same number as earlier.
This time, the message said: "This is Fiona Melling."
Even so, the moment the text was sent, it quickly disappeared and went into the trash because Lucille had blocked the
number.
In the room next door, Lucille once again took Joseph's pulse after treating him. When she found that his condition was improving day by day, she breathed a sigh of relief and reminded him, "This is a very important period of time. It's when the toxins are being suppressed. Remember, you can't..."
However, the next couple of words were difficult for Lucille to
say.
She hesitated for a long time, unable to say the words.
Joseph raised an eyebrow and asked, "Hmm? What can't I do?"
"You can't... be too indulgent." Lucille quickly put away her tools. She was afraid that he couldn't hear her clearly, so she added, "You must be careful and keep calm. Don't overreact to anything. Once you get past this stage, you won't be affected by it anymore." Even Joseph, which was used to all kinds of unpredictable situations, didn't expect her to say that.
The atmosphere inexplicably became awkward.
Lucille walked out of the door with the bag of tools in her
hand. She remembered the rumors about Joseph circulating in Shein City. One of them said that Joseph never got close to women. There were no women who could even get within three steps of him, let alone surround him.
In other words...
There was nothing to panic over. It wasn't like Joseph would have the chance to do anything, so it wouldn't affect him.
Lucille pondered for a moment. Then, implicitly and tactfully, she told him, "Actually, I'm sure you know the extent of my medical skills, so if you have any other diseases, I can cure them, Mr. Joseph. You just need to pay an extra treatment fee." Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>>
###Alone
After that, Lucille walked out and helped him close the door while she was at it.
It wasn't easy to talk about things like that openly. She figured she needed to leave him alone.
Meanwhile, in the bedroom, when Joseph recalled the
sympathetic look in Lucille's eyes before she went out, he was stunned for a moment before he realized what was going on. Had Lucille just subtly insulted him?
Joseph was speechless.
Fine, then.
One day, he would let her know whether he was capable of doing that or not.
The next day, Lucille got up at dawn to train as usual.
After this period of training, she could feel that her previous strength was gradually recovering. She already had an
extremely solid foundation, so it was not too difficult to pick it up again.
After she was done, Lucille returned to her room to change her clothes.
When she went downstairs for breakfast, Joseph and Culver
were not there.
While heating up some milk, Madam Dahlia said, "Miss Jules, Mr. Joseph said that he had something to do, so he went out."
Lucille took a bite of the food and nonchalantly replied, "You don't have to tell me things like that, Madam Dahlia."
They were already working together and living under the same roof. She was not interested in knowing his daily whereabouts. on top of that.noveldrama
"Yes." Madam Dahlia nodded.
Around ten minutes later, Lucille wiped her mouth. "I'm done."
She stood up and was about to go to school.
She had already returned from the charity clinic in Talford Village yesterday. However, she had gone home in Joseph's car without any of the others.
Thus, she had to report to the school.
Lucille walked out. As soon as she left the gate of the Jules Residence, she saw a red sports car parked at the entrance. Beside the car was a woman with delicate makeup. Her
clothes were all limited, and her shoes alone were worth six
digits, not to mention the bag in her hand and the car behind
her.
Her aura was a little domineering.
Most importantly, Lucille could clearly feel the hostility emanating from the woman's hair all the way down to her toes.
It was directed toward her.
From what she remembered, the original host did not know this person.
Lucille retracted her gaze and continued walking forward. slowly.
Unexpectedly, the woman suddenly stood in front of her and arrogantly asked, "Miss Johnson, do you have time to talk?"
What a familiar tone.
It seemed that the woman was the one who sent the text messages the day before.
Lucille stopped in her tracks and casually asked, "What is it?"
"Nice to meet you. I'm Fiona Melling."
A proper, elegant smile tugged at the corners of Fiona's lips. She stretched out her hand in front of Lucille and added, "I grew up with Mr. Joseph. The Melling and Collins families have been friends for many years. My father is in a high position and is the most powerful supervisor in Shein City. As for me, I'm the eldest daughter of the Melling family, and also his successor."
It was Lucille's first time seeing someone brag about their own. family like that.
She was pulling out all kinds of extraordinary titles. Who was she trying to suppress?
Lucille gave her a half-smile. "So? What are you trying to say?"
"I'm just kindly trying to warn you that someone of your status doesn't deserve Mr. Joseph. Don't overestimate yourself, lest
you embarrass yourself too badly."
Fiona laughed, and there was a hint of disdain in her eyes. Also, with my status and family background, getting rid of your is as easy as crushing an ant. So... you'd better pack up your things and get out of here. If you do that, I'll let you go."
###Is That All?
Lucille chuckled.
She finally understood what Miss Melling was saying. Fiona
was trying to get Lucille out of the way.
Lucille scratched her ears and asked casually, "Is that all?"
She didn't take Fiona seriously at all.
Fiona stared at Lucille's face. The girl in front of her had delicate features. Her skin was as smooth as snow, and her
eyes were as bright as the stars. She was drop-dead gorgeous. In terms of appearance, she was indeed one in a million. Her looks were blinding. She was extremely stunning.
It was no wonder that after Fiona left, people said that Lucille was the most beautiful woman in Shein City.
Hmph.
Fiona was overwhelmed with jealousy.
Before returning to the country, Joanne had sent her all kinds of information and photos. Among them, there was a photo of Lucille and Joseph's engagement party. At the time, she did not take it seriously. After all, Madam Collins had been looking for a granddaughter-in- law. It was possible that Madam Collins. had randomly picked a girl for Joseph.
That was until the photo Joanne sent a picture taken by the small road in Talford Village, in which Joseph placed his hand on Lucille's shoulder under the shade of the trees. As That Alle
At that moment, Fiona was so jealous that she went mad.
She had never seen Joseph so intimate with a woman.
Because of how panicked she felt, Fiona ended her journey in a hurry. After dealing with everything urgent, she took a plane. back to Shein City overnight.
She would not allow anyone to take away what belonged to her.
No other woman was allowed to approach the man she liked.
With a cold face, Fiona took out a card from his bag and handed it to Lucille. Then, she arrogantly stated, "There's five million in this card. Take the money and go as far away as possible!"noveldrama
How petty.
"You're so stingy, Miss Melling." Lazily, Lucille made some calculations for her. "I'm with Mr. Joseph, and he's basically an unlimited supply of money. This offer isn't even worth considering."
"I knew it. You seduced Mr. Joseph because you wanted the power of the Collins family!" Fiona sneered.
She continued. "Don't be so shameless, Lucille. I grew up with Mr. Joseph. I'm the only woman in the world who can be a match for him! I'm going to be the young madam of the Collins family. If you dare to stand in my way, you'll suffer."
"I can't say if I'm going to suffer or not, but what I do know is that you're about to have some rotten luck."
Lucille took a step back as she spoke.
Is That Al?
On the second floor of the Jules Residence, Molly poked her head out and poured a basin of water she had used to wash her feet. There were still bubbles floating around.
The exquisitely dressed-up Fiona was instantly drenched. She
looked like a wet chicken.
"Hahaha!"
Molly held the basin while cackling wildly. She recited some lines she had learned from watching TV over the past few days. "Ugh. Where did this ugly witch come from? Aren't you going to show us your true self? Oh, it turns out that you're nothing but an old hag. Hahaha!"
Fiona was speechless.
She was brimming with rage.
Since she was a child, she had enjoyed all kinds of luxury. As the only daughter in her family, she had high hopes had been placed on her and she had been doted on by thousands of people. She had never been ridiculed and had a bucket of dirty water poured on her before.
""Fine!"
Fiona raised her head and looked at Molly with a sinister gaze.
Mólly stuck out her tongue at her and made a mocking expression. "Wah, wah, wah. You must be really mad, old hag!"
Fiona almost went mad.
She glared at Molly like a viper.
That All
Lucille frowned. She stepped forward and blocked Fiona's
gaze that was directed toward Molly. Then, she said calmly, "If you came here today just to say these things, then I'm done listening, Miss Melling. Do whatever you want." After that, Lucille waved her hand and got into a car.
###Tidied Her Hair
Molly snorted at Fiona and carried the wooden basin into the
house.
Right then, a black luxury car slowly drove over.
Fiona recognized at a glance that it was the car Joseph used most frequently. She tidied her hair and stood in front of the car. Biting her lips, she cried out pitifully, "Joseph..."
Culver had no choice but to stop the car. He looked back at Joseph and said, "Mr. Joseph, it's Miss Melling."
Why was she there?
Joseph frowned. There was a hint of indifference and impatience on his face.
"Let's get out of the car."
Culver immediately got out of the car and opened the door. He said respectfully, "Slowly, Mr. Joseph."
Seeing that Joseph had gotten out of the car for her, Fiona's emotions rose and fell. Her eyes were filled with affection. However, it hadn't been long since she had gone abroad. While she had been thinking about him day and night, he had written a marriage contract for another woman and put a ring on her finger
Fiona's heart ached, and tears welled up in her eyes.
She wanted to say something, but changed her mind and called out, "Josh..."noveldrama
Joseph had raised his head to look at Fiona. His voice was still gentle and pleasant to the ear, but there was a hint of coldness in it. "What is it?"
The man in front of her had a delicate face that was meticulously carved with a sharp jawline. His deep eyes were beautiful and charming. The corners of his thin lips were curved into a faint smile. On the surface, he seemed concerned, but he couldn't have been more unfeeling.
Fiona bit his lip and woefully lamented, "Josh, I came to you as soon as I returned to Shein City. I didn't expect to bump into Miss Jules at the door. She got someone to pour water used to wash someone's feet on me because of a single
disagreement. She also said that she had firmly secured her position as the young madam of the Collins family because she wanted the family's power..."
She added, "Josh, a rude and unreasonable woman like her doesn't deserve you at all. If you're going marry her, it's the same as marrying a burden..." Fiona's tone was sincere, but she never mentioned how she
had tried to humiliate Lucille.
Joseph caught the key point in her words. He raised his eyebrows and asked, "Did you just say that my wife got someone to splash water on you?" "Yes..." Fiona nodded, tears welling up in her eyes.
Although she was extremely jealous that Joseph had called Lucille his wife, a hint of joy still flashed across Fiona's heart
when he heard his words.
She knew that Joseph would never fall for a vulgar woman like Lucille!
However, Joseph proceeded to glance at her in a casual
manner and then replied without any pity.
"No wonder you smell so bad, Miss Melling. Why are you still loitering around? Are you trying to kill someone?"
There was dead silence all around.
Fiona's face instantly turned pale. She had desperately tried to hide her emotions in her heart, but in the face of Joseph's indifferent and cold gaze, it felt as if she had gotten a basin of ice-cold water poured on her head, causing all of her remaining dignity to vanish. Behind him, Culver had no expression. It was obvious that he was not surprised at all.
Everyone in Shein City knew that Joseph was not interested in women, and he had no patience with them. His words were mean and vicious. That was all common knowledge, so there was no need to make a big deal out of it.
Culver had been by Joseph's side for ten years and knew that the only woman he cared about was Lucille.
Having suffered such a blow, Fiona's soaked body began to
tremble.
'Josh..."
Fiona softly called his name and then staggered forward. She
looked as if she might faint at any moment.
Joseph had no intention of showing her any pity at all. Not only did he take a step back, but he also gave her a chilling
reminder. "We're not close, Miss Melling."
Fiona bit her lip and had no choice but to correct herself. "Mr. Joseph... I'm very cold. Can you let me go to your house to change my clothes first? Don't worry, I'll leave soon..."
She was strategically backing off and also setting up a honey trap.
Fiona was full of confidence. She was recognized as the most beautiful woman in Shein City. There were countless people pursuing her. No matter how indifferent Joseph was he would not embarrass her too much for the sake of the long-lasting friendship between their families.
On top of that, she was very confident in her own beauty.
She refused to believe that Joseph would still remain unmoved even when she was deliberately flirting with him...
Enjoy Ad-Free Reading>>
###Disinfect
Fiona's footsteps were unsteady, and her weak body swayed.
She had thought that Joseph would ultimately agree. However, she had not expected him to reply in a frosty voice. It was as if he was giving her no room for explanation, and he was icy and heartless...
"Get the Melling family to bring their people here. Also, ask our servants to clean the ground and disinfect it."
"Yes, Mr. Joseph!"
Culver immediately did as he was told.
Fiona's entire body stiffened. She watched as Joseph entered the villa. After that, the door closed coldly in front of her without even giving her the slightest chance.
She stood there, her entire body trembling.
He was the same as he had been back then. He was like an untouchable god, isolating himself from the outside world. Even if he had to be surrounded by glaciers and the wilderness, he would rather be alone and lonely than give her any chance to get close to him.
Fiona turned around, and her tears finally began to fall.
In the past, she was glad knowing that even if she could not stand by his side, other women couldn't do the same, either.
Right then, however, there was an exception.
"Lucille, Lucille... Hmph..." Fiona muttered her name in a low voice. His eyes were filled with hatred and jealousy.
"You'd better forget about trying to have someone that I can't get."
"Just wait and see."
"If you dare to go against me, you won't have a good time!"
Fiona got into her own sports car, then hit the gas and sped
away.
Meanwhile, Lucille stepped into campus.
The charity clinic held in Talford Village last week was regarded as an assessment, and Samuel was the one scoring the students. Thus, the results on the notice board showed that Zoey and Jenny had gotten full marks, as well as the
students who were close to them.
Lucille's name was found at the bottom of the list with a round
zero next to it.
When she passed by the notice board, many students from different classes were looking at the results.
Someone had even circled her zero with a marker and yelled with a smile, "Look, look. I'll mark the key points for you. Congratulations, on getting a zero, Lucille!"
"Hahaha! It's not often that we get to go to the countryside to open a charity clinic. If she can't seize such a good
opportunity, I guess that means Miss Jules must have slacked
off a lot, huh?"
"That's right. I saw the news about the Gilbert family's charity clinic. They donated a lot of things, including daily necessities and medical supplies. Apparently, through the charity clinic, two twins with a rare disease were cured! Mr. Gilbert's mentality and habits alone are so different from ours!"noveldrama
"I saw that article, too. Mr. Samuel's sister is so cute. She's a rich young girl who's been spoiled since young, but even she had to suffer a lot. She went to such a poor and remote place for the charity clinic, but she didn't complain at all. Miss Jules, on the other hand, didn't do anything but sit there and look pretty."
"Exactly!"
A group of young men and women who did not know the truth gathered together and even spat in Lucille's direction with
disdain.
Lucille looked straight forward and continued walking calmly.
She was there to attend class that day.
She could retain her credits without attending school every day, but even with Master Walton's help, she still needed to go for two days a week. Lucille entered the classroom.
Ever since what happened last time, her table and chair had not been touched by anyone.
Lucille raised an eyebrow and sat down gracefully.
Soon, the class began.
While other students were drowsy and scratching their heads, Lucille's eyes were clear. She remained calm and collected.
For her, the content wasn't overly simple.
In addition, she also noticed that the professor had gotten two details wrong.
###Kill Him
Lucille had no idea what Zoey was thinking, though.
She walked alone toward the school gate.
When she passed by the woods next to the sports field, she heard the sound of people fighting.
It was probably a group of boys. They swore from time to time, and then punched and kicked at something. There were the sounds of people smashing things, and some of them even
said, "Beat him. Beat him to death! Kill him!"
Lucille was not interested in poking her nose into other people's business.
In that private, high-class school, there was no lack of rich kids
who had a solid foundation. They were used to doing whatever they wanted since they had their families to back them up anyway. They were domineering and naturally didn't care about anything.
She pointedly looked forward. Just as she was about to walk past the woods, she stopped in her tracks and turned around, heading towards the depths of the trees where the sounds of battle were growing louder and louder. What she saw was that more than a dozen people who weren't from her school beating up a teenager.
The teenager's white jacket was covered in dirty footprints, and right then, he was being pressed down on the ground. The
unruly men were trying to snatch something from his hands. Punches rained down on him, yet the young man still wouldn't let go.
"F*ck. Hit him!"
As soon as the leader of the group shouted, more than a dozen men behind him immediately took action.
As they punched and kicked the youth, they forcefully pushed the youth's pale fingers away.
Seeing that the thing that he was tightly protecting was about to be lost, the young man felt a burst of despair in his heart. At that moment, however, he heard a pleasant female voice... "There's a stone next to you. Pick it up and hit them."
With just a few words, everyone froze.
No one knew who Lucille was speaking to.
However, the teenager was only stunned momentarily before he picked up the stone by his hand without hesitation. Then, with a loud cry, he picked it up and hurled it at the leader. "Argh!"
With a scream, the man covered his forehead and fell to the ground.
Seeing that, the other men subconsciously loosened their grip.
The young man immediately held the cloth bag firmly in his
arms.
Standing under a snow-covered pine tree, Lucille crossed her
arms in front of her chest as if she was watching a movie play out. She casually added, "Take advantage of the situation and keep going. Beat him to death."
This time, both the teenager and the thugs noticed Lucille.
The man who had been hit by the stone covered his bleeding forehead and angrily roared, "Bring that meddlesome little girl over here. I will teach her a good lesson!" "Yes, sir!"
Compared to the teenager whose face was full of bruises on the ground, the beautiful and eye-catching Lucille was obviously more interesting to them.
If they dragged her over, they could do whatever they wanted.
The group of underlings looked at each other and immediately understood the dirty thoughts in each other's hearts.
Despite that, just as they were about to surround Lucille, the teenager, who was covered in wounds, suddenly jumped up. He threw the cloth bag in his hand to Lucille, stood in front of the group of bastards, and shouted at her, "Run. Run!" Lucille scratched her ears. Not only did she not run, she even walked a few more steps forward and took the initiative to
step right into the group of hooligans.
The men were all excited and said with perverted looks on their faces, "Well, since you've walked right into our trap, you can't blame us."
The leader was proud and arrogant. "At least you know you should be scared. Don't worry. I'll be gentle later."
Seeing that, the young man was so angry that he almost fainted. He looked at Lucille exasperatedly and fumed, "Who told you to meddle in other people's business? Did I ask you to? Do I need a girl like you to stand up for me?" Now, both of them were stuck there.
The youth gritted his teeth. He didn't want to owe anyone a
favor.
Seeing them approaching Lucille with malicious intentions, the young man clenched the stone in his hand and prepared to fight back.
However, before he could make a move, all of them screamed
and were sent flying.
"Argh!"
Without Even Blinking
Bang!
Lucille raised her fists and knocked all of them down. Finally, she approached the leader of the group and kicked him to the ground. Then, she gazed down at him and asked casually, "I didn't hear you clearly just now. Who did you say you wanted to teach a lesson to?" The thug was scared out of his wits.
The girl in front of him was seemingly delicate, but when she fought, she did so without even blinking.
In terms of skills, she was undoubtedly an expert. Before he could even see her moving, he saw his men screaming and being sent flying, while others were rolling on the ground in pain.
He was smart enough to recognize the situation he was in and quickly blurted, "I didn't say anything. I didn't say anything..."
"I'll give all of you three seconds. Get lost."
Lucille raised an eyebrow, and then a gentle yet cruel smile appeared on her face. "For every extra second that you guys stay here, I'll punch you two more times. Do you understand?" The thug didn't dare to move at all. He didn't even have the
courage to nod.
Lucille, on the other hand, continued, "Good. Let the game begin."
"Three."
"Two."
"One."
The men who had been kicked to the ground couldn't handle the pain, so even after she counted to three, they were unable to get up.
Lucille shook her head regretfully. She raised her hand and threw a punch at the leader of the group.
A blood-curdling howl was heard, and the light in the thug's eyes died a little.
He finally realized that Lucille wasn't joking around with that game. If they delayed for another second, she would give him two more punches. What if they delayed for a minute?
Wasn't he going to be beaten to death?
The man jumped up and shouted at his men on the ground." Get up. Get up, you idiots!"
Finally, after their leader was dealt several punches, the group of men crawled out of the woods.noveldrama
They ran for their lives. They didn't even dare to look back.
Lucille turned around and threw the cloth bag back to the teenager. Without saying anything, she turned around and left.
The youth pursed his lips while watching Lucille's slender figure gradually disappear into the distance. He wanted to
express his gratitude but swallowed his words.
It was still early, so Lucille did not intend to go back to the Jules Residence yet. She hailed a cab at the school gate and went to the laboratory.
Before entering the alley, she bought a few different snacks
from the roadside stalls.
After paying for them, Lucille carried her things and stepped
into the alley. She was about to reach for the key when the door was opened from the inside.
She looked up and found Robert standing behind the door.
In surprise, she questioned, "How did you know I was here?"
"I can sense you as long as you're within a 200-meter radius of me, Miss Jules," Robert explained.
He grinned slightly, and the expression on his face was calm, patient, and especially gentle.
No wonder.
Lucille proceeded to walk in.
She put the snacks she had bought on the clean table in the laboratory and arranged them neatly. The hot steam from the food drifted into the air, and the aroma wafted out instantly.
It would take a lot of energy and time to build a holographic game room. She needed to have a full stomach to have the strength to work.
Lucille looked at Robert and gestured at the food. "Try it."
Without Even Blinking
Robert hesitated for a moment. Under Lucille's hopeful and encouraging gaze, he picked up a fork and grabbed a bite of food before putting it into his mouth. The fresh taste immediately spread on his taste buds. He smiled. "It's delicious."
Enjoy Ad-Free Reading>>
###Without Even Blinking Bang!
Lucille raised her fists and knocked all of them down. Finally, she approached the leader of the group and kicked him to the ground. Then, she gazed down at him and asked casually, "I didn't hear you clearly just now. Who did you say you wanted to teach a lesson to? The thug was scared out of his wits.
The girl in front of him was seemingly delicate, but when she fought, she did so without even blinking.
In terms of skills, she was undoubtedly an expert. Before he could even see her moving, he saw his men screaming and being sent flying, while others were rolling on the ground in pain.
He was smart enough to recognize the situation he was in and quickly blurted, "I didn't say anything. I didn't say anything..."
"I'll give all of you three seconds. Get lost."
Lucille raised an eyebrow, and then a gentle yet cruel smile appeared on her face. "For every extra second that you guys stay here, I'll punch you two more times. Do you understand?" The thug didn't dare to move at all. He didn't even have the courage to nod.
Lucille, on the other hand, continued, "Good. Let the game begin."
"Three."
"Two." "One."
The men who had been kicked to the ground couldn't handle the pain, so even after she counted to three, they were unable to get up.
Lucille shook her head regretfully. She raised her hand and threw a punch at the leader of the group.
A blood-curdling howl was heard, and the light in the thug's eyes died a little.
He finally realized that Lucille wasn't joking around with that game. If they delayed for another second, she would give him two more punches. What if they delayed for a minute?noveldrama
Wasn't he going to be beaten to death?
The man jumped up and shouted at his men on the ground. "Get up. Get up, you idiots!"
Finally, after their leader was dealt several punches, the group of men crawled out of the woods.
They ran for their lives. They didn't even dare to look back.
Lucille turned around and threw the cloth bag back to the teenager. Without saying anything, she turned around and left.
The youth pursed his lips while watching Lucille's slender figure gradually disappear into the distance. He wanted to express his gratitude but swallowed his words.
It was still early, so Lucille did not intend to go back to the Jules Residence yet. She hailed a cab at the school gate and went to the laboratory.
Without Even Blinking
Before entering the alley, she bought a few different snacks from the roadside stalls.
After paying for them, Lucille carried her things and stepped into the alley. She was about to reach for the key when the door was opened from the inside.
She looked up and found Robert standing behind the door.
In surprise, she questioned, "How did you know I was here?"
"I can sense you as long as you're within a 200-meter radius of me, Miss Jules, Robert explained.
He grinned slightly, and the expression on his face was calm, patient, and especially gentle.
No wonder.
Lucille proceeded to walk in.
She put the snacks she had bought on the clean table in the laboratory and arranged them neatly. The hot steam from the food drifted into the air, and the aroma wafted out instantly.
It would take a lot of energy and time to build a holographic game room. She needed to have a full stomach to have the strength to work.
Lucille looked at Robert and gestured at the food. "Try t."
Robert hesitated for a moment. Under Lucille's hopeful and encouraging gaze, he picked up a fork and
grabbed a bite of food before putting it into his mouth. The fresh taste immediately spread on his taste buds. He smiled. "It's delicious."
###Immediately Began Eating
Immediately Began Eatingnoveldrama
It was his first time tasting food.
Robert's eyes widened, and his long eyelashes drooped, covering the barely discernible glimmer in his brown pupils.
Lucille was also hungry. She immediately began eating the moment she sat on the stool.
She bought a lot of food. There were all kinds of snacks covering the table.
While eating, she told Robert, "Don't just stand there. Have a taste."
Although she knew that Robert didn't need to eat at all, she still bought it. It was for the sake of allowing him to experience the world through taste so that he could finally taste something different after so many long and lonely years. Aside from that, after she finished eating, she was going to start working on the holographic game room. She couldn't push him too hard. She had to give him a source of comfort, too.
Robert certainly knew what Lucille was thinking, but he just smiled, which was warm and gentle on his lips.
After a while, almost all the food on the table was cleared out.
Lucille tidied up the table, then looked at Robert and said seriously, "Let's get to work."
Robert nodded.
Thus, for the next few hours, Lucille watched with her own eyes as Robert used an inconceivable speed, to construct all kinds of code for the holographic virtual world at an incredibly precise and efficient speed. He was totally focused, like a machine that didn't know what exhaustion was.
All the building blocks were engraved in his mind. He didn't need to think at all. Just like a computer, all he needed to do was retrieve the information from his memory.
Lucille was amazed by what she saw.
She looked away and began to devote herself to the development as well.
Time ticked by.
It was not until eight o'clock at night that Lucille stopped and stated, "Let's have a rest. That's all for today
Robert immediately answered, "Yes."
"It's getting late. I have to go. I'll come over early tomorrow."
Lucille patted Robert's shoulder and walked out.
It was already late when she returned to Jules Residence.
As soon as Lucille stepped into the villa, Culver came up to her.
"Please come to the dining room for dinner, Mrs. Collins."
"There's no need. I've already eaten."
Lucille immediately rejected him and walked upstairs.
However, she was blocked by Joseph at the stairs.
Immediately Began Eating
"What's the matter, Mr-Joseph?"
Looking at the girl's indifferent eyes, Joseph raised his eyebrows and asked meaningfully, "Are you angry, Bobo
"Huh?"
What was there to be angry about?
Before Lucille could express her doubts, Joseph took the initiative to frankly state, "I'm not close to Fiona, nor are we childhood sweethearts. Our families are close, but I can't say that the two of us are close friends." Lucille remained silent.
"Bobo, what else do you want to know? I'll tell you," he continued.
She still didn't respond. After listening to his incessant talking, Lucille finally understood.
It turned out that Joseph had thought that she was indifferent to him and refused to have dinner with him because Fiona had shown up that morning. Thus, he thought that she was jealous.
"You're overthinking it," she replied.
Indifferently, she added, "I'm not angry, nor do I have any questions for you. I've always been very clear about the nature of our relationship. Just like what we agreed on at the beginning, we should never have any thoughts about each other aside from our agreement. You can rest assured, Mr. Joseph."
After that, Lucille walked past him and went upstairs.
She spent almost all her energy designing in the lab that day, so she didn't have time to think about anything else.
Lucille returned to her room and went into the bathroom to take a shower.
###Half-Dry
When she emerged, I was already very late, and she had yet to treat Joseph that day.
Lucille got changed. Her hair was only half-dry when she made her way to Joseph's room with her tools in
hand.
Knock, knock, knock.
She knocked on the door.
There was a meow from behind the door, and the little cat began to claw at the door anxiously.
A few seconds later, the door was opened from the inside.
The little cat jumped into Lucille's arms and acted like a spoiled child.
w, meow.
Meow, meow meow.
"Good boy." Lucille stroked the kitten's chin and then looked at Joseph. Calmly and directly, she ordered, Take off your clothes."
Joseph raised an eyebrow and started to undo the buttons on his shirt. When he saw Lucille's serious gaze as if she was supervising him, the corners of his lips curled into a faint smile. "Bobo, if you were to say that under different circumstances, that would be very daring of you,"
"Isn't that because of you, Mr. Joseph?"
Lucille lashed out in annoyance.
Joseph had a grin on his face as he took off his shirt and sat down on the sofa.
Lucille put down the cat and washed her hands. Then, she took out her tools and began to use them.
The little cat obediently jumped to the side and watched them quietly and curiously.noveldrama
The treatment process lasted for 40 minutes. At the end of it, Lucille was exhausted. Not only was she exhausted, but she had also used up too much energy today. Her head was heavy and she felt particularly sleepy
When she kept her tools and was about to walk out, the little cat wanted her to pet it, so it jumped to Lucille's feet.
Worried that she would step on it, Lucille hurriedly dodged to the side. However, when she did so, she did not notice that there was a decoration hanging on the wall. She hit it with a bang, causing her to see stars. The room looked like it was spinning. "What did you hit?"
Joseph wrapped his arm around Lucille's waist, preventing her from falling.
Lucille was extremely sleepy and exhausted. She had even hit her head. Even the way she gazed at Joseph seemed increasingly pitiful.
"Your pot."
"I see. Don't move. Let me have a look" Joseph frowned. He pushed away Lucille's long hair and checked
on her. He found that her forehead was red, but fortunately, it was not bleeding.
Joseph heaved a sigh of relief and murmured, "I'll take responsibility, okay?" "There's no need. It's my fault for being careless."
Hall Of
Lucille was about to leave when she was suddenly lifted into the air, causing her to feel weightless.
She took another look and saw that she had been picked up by Joséph.
"What are you doing?" she asked.
"I'll carry you back."
Joseph glanced at Lucille. With a chuckle, he added, "Take it as an apology."
The man's dark and deep eyes were beautiful and charming. A dim light was surging in them. His gaze was alluring and seductive as if it was trying to hook people in. Lucille only took a glance at him before then." looking away. Without any shame, she said, "Hurry up,
She was so tired.
"Okay."
Joseph had a smile on his face.
Their rooms
were only a dozen steps apart.
Soon, they arrived.
Lucille couldn't hold on any longer. She leaned into Joseph's embrace and immediately fell asleep. Developing the virtual world had consumed a lot of her mental energy, and she had needed to concentrate while treating Joseph. With both of those things wearing her out, she slept very soundly. Joseph carefully and gently placed Lucille on her large bed. Then, he covered her with a blanket.
Her long hair cascaded on the bed. Her beautiful eyes were tightly shut, and her red lips were full and charming beneath her small nose. Her delicate, tiny face was charming, and her skin looked fragile. She looked like a fairy.
Joseph stopped beside Lucille's bed. He bent over and looked at her tired and quiet face as she slept. After a long while, he couldn
###Treatura
Treating
In her sleep, Lucille rolled over.
Joseph began laughing.
He stood up, turned off the light in the bedroom, and then left.
In the following week, Lucille continued that routine. Every day, she got up early with the excuse that she was going to school, but in reality, she went to the lab. After that, she would stay there until finally coming back at night. After treating Joseph, she would go back to her room and fall asleep.
Finally, on the eighth day, the virtual world was completed.
Over the past few days, Tech Connex Pavilion had finished getting redecorated as well.
The last step was to implement the holographic virtual world experience into Tech Connex Pavilion's
system.
The project was very important. She wouldn't be able to complete it on her own.
Thus, Lucille brought Robert to Tech Connex Pavilion with her.
Hugo and the others were already waiting there.
When they saw Robert following behind Lucille, they all came up and asked, "Boss, is this handsome guy the chief designer you mentioned on the phone?"
"Yes. Let me introduce him. This is Robert Evans. He's one of us," Lucille stated. Then she turned to Robert and pointed at the subordinates behind her one by one. "That's Hugo, James, and Warren."
Robert nodded. With his memory, he could remember everyone just like that.
Hugo and the others couldn't wait any longer and hurriedly said, "Boss, let's hurry up and install it. We can't wait to try it out!"
When they heard Lucille talk about her ideas for Tech Connex Pavilion that day, Hugo and others couldn't believe it.
A virtual world? Just hearing about it made it sound like some sort of science fiction. Could something so miraculous actually exist? They didn't believe it.
Lucille raised an eyebrow and replied, "Okay."
Then, she and Robert got to work.
The holographic experience rooms in the pavilion had been constructed. What they needed to do right then was to connect the procedures they had written to the main system and then turn on the automatic mode so that all the rooms would carry out the same procedures.
After everything was arranged, Lucille pointed to the room beside her and told Hugo and the others, Come on. It's your guys' turn to experience it."
"No way, Boss. Is that all?"
Hugo and the others looked at each other in dismay. It was much simpler than they had expected. They had thought that the technological experience room would look super cool, but unexpectedly, it was just a bunch of machines.noveldrama
They looked like massage chairs. It didn't seem like anything special.
They didn't have the heart to destroy Lucille's confidence, so they suggested, "Boss, why don't we go for
Treatio
another business? Maybe we can open up a martial arts center. At the very least, it'd be better than opening a pay like this."
Hugo's face was full of self-blame. "It's my fault. It's all my fault for not coming up with a good idea at the beginning. It's definitely not Lucille's fault!"
"No, it's because of me. I was too greedy." James pretended to wipe his tears, and then suddenly gasped. "Wait, that rhymes."
Warren speechlessly flicked him and grumpily retorted, "Idiot. We're supposed to be reflecting on ourselves! Why are you suddenly coming up with rhymes?"
They were all talking and trying their best to take the responsibility for Tech Connex Pavilion shutting down before business had even begun. In the end, they comforted Lucille. "Don't be sad, Boss. It's okay. We have plenty of time to take things slow!" "That's right. If it doesn't work out the first time, we can try again. We'll definitely succeed in the end!"
Lucille was at a loss for words.
There was no need for that.
She controlled the main panel and chose one of the battle suits. Then, she looked at Hugo and James and angrily ordered, "You two, sit down!"
"Yes!"
Hugo and James immediately responded and then laid down in the holographic experience pods.
The moment they did so, their eyes lit up....
"Hey, you know, this is really comfortable. It's like a massage chair!"
"Exactly! I have an idea. Why don't we just open a massage clinic? Look at how our Boss designed it. This massage chair would be perfect for treating the body. It can massage your waist and back to make you feel better!"
###Good Luck
Good Luck
They were speaking complete nonsense.
Not only did Lucille not respond, she straight up pressed the start button.
The holographic experience pod announced: "The game is starting. Good luck."
Hugo and James smacked their lips and simultaneously said, "This voice is quite suspenseful. Not bad,
not bad. It would be even better if it could sing."
Then, the transparent door of the pod slowly closed.
Hugo and James could no longer see, leaving them in the darkness.
After that, they found themselves in an abandoned building.
There were abandoned vehicles and rubbish blowing past because of the wind.
"Huh?" They looked at each other, their gazes full of shock. "What's going on? Why are we
here?"
At this moment, the system's voice came from the sky.
very
It stated: "Gentle reminder to all players. This game is called: Doomsday War. The experience is cruel, but please rest assured that Tech Connex Pavilion will ensure the safety of everyone's physical bodies. Good luck] After that, the voice disappeared.
Hugo and James looked at each other and saw excitement and anticipation in each other's eyes.
That wasn't what they were expecting.
It looked like an ordinary massage chair, but it was able to transport their consciousness into virtual reality.
What was the game called? Doomsday War? It sounded very interesting!noveldrama
James was about to speak, but the ground under his feet suddenly began to shake. Then, cracks spread around his feet, and the road was torn into pieces. Countless black cracks began to form. Around them, the abandoned vehicles and garbage all fell into the black hole and were swallowed up in an instant.
"F*ck! Run!"
Hugo was stunned for a moment, then began running first.
James followed closely behind.
The two of them ran wildly. When they finally got to solid ground, there was a huge wave approaching from not far away. It covered the sky and the sun as seawater poured into the whole city. Before Hugo and James could react, the two of them were swept away by the water,
"James! James! Hold on tight!!
Hugo desperately stretched out his hand, but the water rendered them helpless. They kept floating around, unable to grab anything for support. There were all kinds of unknown things in the water that could hurt them if they collided with them head-on. However, things were not over yet.
Good Luck
The huge waves engulfed them and then flowed toward the surging sea.
Those with thalassophobia would probably be scared out of their wits.
In fact, James was already screaming.
"Help me... Help... Gulp."
He opened his mouth, and the salty seawater rushed into his nose.
At that moment, James totally forgot that he was in a virtual world.
It was because the environment was too realistic and shocking. Every part of his body told him that what he was experiencing was real.
It was not until Lucille pressed the exit button that their experience in the virtual world was terminated. The pod door opened and a bright light shone on their faces.
James and Hugo's faces were totally pale, and they were no longer as playful and indifferent as before.
The two of them were on the verge of tears, and their legs were weak. As they walked out of the pods, their first sentence was, "Boss, we'll kneel down to you!"
###Disbelief
Lucille calmly told them to get back up and then waved her hand, sending them off to the side to recover.
When the other subordinates saw that, they couldn't believe it at all.
"It can't be. Is it really that bad?"-
Warren looked suspicious, so he voluntarily offered, "Boss, I want to try it!"
"Okay." Lucille readily agreed and let Warren sit down.
He only managed to hold on for a few minutes. When he came out, his face was pale and his voice was trembling. "I'm sorry, boss..."
Then, the other subordinates had a go.
After everyone had experienced it, Lucille asked with a faint smile, "Is it technologically advanced enough?"
"It is. It definitely
The group of men nodded repeatedly.
It was something they had never seen before! If they were able to experience virtual reality to such an extent, it was simply impossible for Tech Connex Pavilion not to blow up in popularity.
Before then, they didn't know how powerful Lucille was, so they still had some doubts and didn't have the confidence to make the pavilion succeed. However, after experiencing it personally, they were completely confident that they would succeed. Did anyone not believe them?
In that case, they could come in and have a seat.
Anyone who did would understand.
Seeing the sudden surge of confidence in her subordinates, Lucille looked at Robert and said with a smile, "Thank you for your hard work, great designer."
To the outside world, Robert was the chief designer of Tech Connex Pavilion.
As for his other identity as a robot, Lucille did not intend to tell anyone. She would be the only one to know. Otherwise, if the news got out, it would bring trouble to both her and Robert.
Robert revealed a faint grin. His eyes were calm, without sadness or joy.
"It's my honor to work for you, Miss Lucille."
"I'm lucky to have a great helper like you," she responded.
After Lucille finished speaking, she looked at her men, who were still in a state of excitement. She gave them one of the major questions they were facing at that moment. "Come up with a way to spread the word about Tech Connex Pavilion." The more people who were attracted, the earlier they would be rewarded for this huge investment.
She was short of money, very much so.
At that moment, the fee for Tech Connex Pavilion was one thousand per person, and there was no time limit. For example, if the experienced person could constantly survive in the virtual world, then no matter how long they stayed, they would only have to pay a thousand dollars.
Disbekelnoveldrama
On the contrary, if the person could not hold on and ended up quitting after entering the virtual world for just a few minutes, they would have to buy another ticket to try it out a second time.
When put in perspective, the price was quite fair.
James said, "A thousand dollars for one person is the standard price. Most people wouldn't think too much about spending that kind of money for a fresh, exciting experience, much less those thrill-seeking rich kids. That being the case, I think we can target young students first and let them be the first batch of players."
"I agree!"
Hugo, who had recovered, nodded and added, "News spreads quickly. As long as we manage to get the first group
of people to pioneer the game, our reputation will spread. Many people will come in just to
have a try."
In the end, Warren chimed in, "Live streaming! We can spread the word about the game through a live stream! That way, we can reach a lot of people."
It was a good idea.
Lucille pondered for a moment and asked, "So, who is going to do the live stream?"
Unexpectedly, as soon as she finished speaking, all their eyes fell on her.
Lucille was stunned.
"Boss, you're drop-dead gorgeous. You're the most suitable candidate!"
"That's right. You're not only a good fighter, but you're absolutely stunning as well, Boss!"
Lucille's eyes remained calm and indifferent as she listened.
She was not the kind of person who liked to show her face to the public.
"Let's get someone else to do it."
"How about Mr. Evans, then?"
###Handsome Indeed
After James finished speaking, everyone's gazes fell on Robert.
Everything else aside, Robert was handsome indeed. He was delicately sculpted as if he had stepped right out of a painting. From head to toe, there weren't any visible flaws to him.
If he were to host a live stream, he could probably attract a huge crowd of young girls using his face
alone.
"Boss, what do you think of this suggestion?"
"It's not that good."
Lucille refused without hesitation.
If she didn't want to do it herself, she wouldn't ask Robert to do it, either.
Besides, since it was just for publicity, they could look for anyone with good looks to do it.
"I'll deal with it," she stated.
Lucille continued, "It's getting late. Let's call it a day."
After that, she turned to look at Robert and asked, "Are you going back or staying here?"
She wanted to go back to the Jules Residence, and she couldn't bear to leave Robert alone in the lab. Coincidentally, she had also rented out the two floors above Tech Connex Pavilion. It had a large space with many rooms, which was suitable for someone to live in. Most importantly, Robert would not feel too lonely with Hugo and James around.
He hesitated for a moment and asked, "Am I... allowed to stay?"
"What do you guys think?" Lucille looked directly at Hugo and the others.
"Of course! You're welcome here!"
"We're all working together. Of course you can stay!"
Hugo and James gave straightforward answers.
They were unrestrained and casual by nature, so they were open to new people and did not hesitate whatsoever.
Robert smiled, "Thank you."
Seeing that things had been sorted out, Lucille left with peace of mind.
She was not worried that Hugo and Monkey would be able to tell that Robert wasn't human, Robert, an extremely intelligent robot, would definitely be an expert when it came to blending in.
On the way back to the Jules Residence, Lucille was raising her hand to hail a cab when she inadvertently looked up. She noticed the same young man in white clothes who she had seen in the small woods on campus the last time. He had been beaten black and blue by a group of thugs. The young man was standing on the side of the road, handling a food stall.
There was an old woman next to him, who was probably his mother.
Lucille watched from afar.
She intervened last time because she could see that the cloth bag that the young man had refused to letnoveldrama
go of was full of loose change.
It turned out that the money was earned from selling food on the roadside with his mother.
No wonder.
However, at that moment, the group of thugs showed up again.
They knocked over the stall that he was pushing, and the food fell to the ground. Hot charcoal flew out, and two of them hit the back of the young man's hand.
The leader was the same jerk from last time. He and his men seemed to have just gotten released from the hospital. Apparently, they had forgotten the pain they suffered and were ready to fight the young man again. Lucille began to smile.
It seemed that these people hadn't listened to her warning from last time.
The middle-aged woman next to the stall was shocked. She quickly protected the young man behind her, took out the money in her pocket, and told the group of people, "I'll give you the money. I'll give it all to you. Please just let us go!" "Mom!"
Blue veins were bulging on the back of the boy's hand. He was angry but powerless.
"This is only a hundred dollars. What the f*ck do you think you're doing?" the leader spat, then raised his hand to push the middle-aged woman.
Right then, someone patted his shoulder from behind.
"Who the hell is it?"
As he turned around and cursed, he saw a beautiful face that scared him out of his wits and haunted his dreams.
###A Whole Week
Lucille gave him a faint smile.
"Do you want to play the same game from last time?" she asked.
The thug shook his head repeatedly. "No, no."
He could barely remember what happened after he delayed for a few seconds the last time. He only recalled getting punched again and again, which made his whole body ache. After rolling and crawling away, he went straight to the hospital and had to stay there for a whole week.
The thug was shocked and frightened. Although he was begging for mercy, he suddenly felt a burst of anger in his heart.
Last time, the only reason why she had been able to teach him a lesson was that he was caught unprepared.
This time, he had a weapon in his hand. There was no way he would lose to a young girl.
With a ferocious look in his eyes, the knife in his hand glinted. With a roar, he fiercely charged at Lucille.
"That'll teach you to stop meddling in other people's business!" he yelled.
It happened all too abruptly.
No one had expected that he would suddenly get serious.
The youth protected his mother behind him and took a step back. Then, he shouted, "Watch out!"
The look in Lucille's eyes was indifferent. She was full of arrogance and conceit as if she didn't take the thug seriously at all. The thug couldn't help but be stunned.
Just as the tip of the blade was only a few centimeters away from hurting Lucille, she finally made her
move.
She grabbed his wrist and twisted it violently.
Crack!
He screamed, and the knife fell to the ground. The thug's wrist was limping powerlessly. Obviously, it had been dislocated. Despite that, it was not over yet.
Lucille threw a few punches at him and gave him another kick.
The thug fell to the ground, sobbing and pleading for mercy. "Please spare my life. I won't do it again. I
won't!
When the other underlings saw this, they wanted to run away.
Lucille's gaze swept over them. Her next words instantly pinned them to the spot.
"Stop right there."
A heavy pressure weighed them down.
The
o move.
men were stiff and didn't dare to
A Whole Week
Lucille kicked the leader of the group and pointed to a it signboard across the street. She said, "See Tech Connex Pavilion over there? Take at least fifty people with you to mess the place up tomorrow. Tell the people there that I ordered you to do it. Got it?" The next day was the day of the Tech Connex Pavilion's opening.
Earlier,
rlier, she had been worried about how they would get people to liven things up.
Well...
She had people right in front of her, didn't she?
Those thugs were so rich. She might as well take advantage of them.
Lucille was very satisfied with the plans she had made.noveldrama
Upon hearing that, everyone was dumbfounded.
They had thought that Lucille had stopped the thugs because she wanted to warn them not to do bad things or bully others... Nobody expected her to tell them to cause chaos.
That was definitely something they were familiar with.
The leader of the group patted his thigh, and his interest was sparked immediately.
"Don't worry. I promise you that we'll do it!"
"Get lost, then."
Lucille raised her hand and let him go.
The group of thugs immediately ran away.
Seeing that the crisis had been resolved, the pale-faced middle-aged woman sat on the ground, trying to catch her breath. She pulled her son's sleeve, motioning for him to thank Lucille. The young man pursed his lips. He was not good with his words. He didn't like to owe people favors, and was not used to thanking others.
Especially since Lucille had helped him twice.
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###Drove Away
The youth asked, "Why did you help me?"
Lucille did not answer the question.
She squatted down and picked some of the food off the ground. Casually, she stated, "I'll take this as thank-you gift. It's not too much, is it?" After that, she got in a cab that was parked by the side of the road and drove off.
The rear end of the car disappeared out of sight on the empty street.
The teenager looked at the food rolling all over the ground and thought of the "thank-you gift" that Lucille
had taken away. For the first time, his chest was filled with sour yet swelling emotions.
He hadn't felt that way when even when he was pressed to the ground and beaten black and blue.
He hadn't felt that way when he lost all his faith in his dark life, either.
However, the moment he felt that he was respected and treated as an equal, his throat tightened.
The middle-aged woman set the stall back up and asked the young man beside her, "Ronald, do you know that girl from just now?"
Ronald Walsh nodded.
"She's in my school."
How could he not know her? Lucille was a celebrity on campus. She was always a hot topic.
However, the things being said about her were not very pleasant ones
The woman nodded and murmured, "So, you're schoolmates. No wonder. The girl went out of her way to help us. You should thank her. You don't have any friends in school, so if you can, you should try to get along with-" ""Mom, let's pack up and go home."
Ronald interrupted his mother's nagging and lowered his head to pick up the food.
He didn't have friends, and he didn't need them.
The next day...
It was the start of a new week.
As usual, Lucille went to school.
It was the official opening day of Tech Connex Pavilion Pavilion. She believed that the thugs would listen to her and bring a group of people over to make trouble.
It would definitely be very lively.
Lucille entered the classroom and waited patiently.
Not long after, her phone vibrated, showing that she had received 500,000 dollars in her account.
Her lips curled into a smile.
Those were decent earnings for their first day.
Early that morning, after the official opening of Tech Connex Pavilion, they popped some confetti to Drove way
celebrate. The thug rushed in with fifty of his men, saying that they were going to tear everything down. face of those. Hugo and James were experienced veterans, so all they did was yawn lazily in the amateurs. They didn't even flinch.
The leader of the group said that they were there on Lucille's orders.
At that moment, Hugo and James looked at each other. Not only did they suddenly understand, but they also began sharpening their weapons.
Then, they put on cold expressions and enthusiastically called out to the fifty men. They pushed all the men into the holographic experience pods and set it to the highest difficulty before saying, "Good luck!" Unfortunately, before the men could react, they began screaming out of fear due to the thrilling experiences in the virtual world.
They couldn't even hold on for two minutes before they quit the game.
After doing so, the group of young and vigorous men felt unconvinced. They began clamoring and demanded to try it one more time.
As a result, the fifty people spent a total of 500,000 dollars on tickets.
They still didn't give up and kept trying again and again.noveldrama
In the end, they had completely forgotten that they were supposed to be there to mess things up. All they wanted was to conquer the thrilling and exciting virtual world.
Hugo and James smiled as they counted the money, then they started a live broadcast.
Since they were two rugged, middle-aged men, there were very few viewers. The only three viewers they had were there because they clicked in on accident. They did not stay and left in an instant.
Even so, Hugo still tried his best to explain and introduce the concept of their business to the stream.
In order to attract people's attention, he aimed the camera at the thugs who were currently in the pods. At the same time, he told Robert to enable the viewing function, which broadcasted the virtual world onto a big screen. When people saw what was going on, their pathetic live stream finally got their first comment.
"This looks very interesting. Is it a movie?"
###Even More Realistic
Even More Realistic
The quick-witted James immediately replied, "This is called a virtual world! Our business, Tech Connex Pavilion, is a world of science and technology! We offer a fully-immersive experience. What you're seeing Isn't a movie that was recorded in advance, but something being experienced by one of our customers. It's even more realistic than a movie!"
Hugo also nodded. "Exactly!"
Despite that, after they finished speaking, their only viewer left the stream.
James let out a long sigh and was about to stop the live stream. While doing so, he lamented, "Is it because I'm not handsome? I can look pretty good after some editing, you know."
However, at that moment, the viewer who had just commented came back.
Monkey was excited and hurriedly stopped what he was doing. He asked enthusiastically and eagerly. Welcome back! Do you want to try it out, dear?"
Everyone watching from the side, including the thug's subordinates, facepalmed.
Talking like that was just going to scare viewers away.
The viewer was silent for a few seconds, and then slowly typed a line of words.
They said: "I'm a science and technology research professor."
Monkey was stunned for a moment. He was going to welcome the viewer again when another comment was made.
"I'd like to verify the authenticity of this establishment.
Essentially, the viewer was saying that they were a science and technology research professor who felt that the virtual world that Tech Connex Pavilion was offering was a scam. Thus, he was going to go there in person to verify its authenticity and expose them. When the viewer saw Hugo and James' confused expressions, they snorted coldly.
The viewer's name was Jake Miller, and he was indeed a science and technology professor.
When Professor Miller saw Tech Connex Pavilion advertising itself, he was so angry that he stomped his feet and criticized them loudly. "These scammers are so evil. How can they bring shame to the entire research community by opening a scam like this? It's so infuriating and disgusting!"
After that, Professor Miller immediately asked his assistant to book a flight ticket.
He decided to use this as an excuse to teach his students a lesson. Professor Milter waved his hand and. ordered, "Take a few students in my school over so they can see it for themselves. I don't want them to do such crooked things in the future." "Yes, professor."
The assistant immediately booked the plane ticket and stated, "The earliest flight to Shein City is tomorrow afternoon. We will land at about 3:30 p.m."
"Okay. As soon as the plane lands, we will go straight to Tech Connex Pavilion!"
Professor Liu snorted loudly and left the lab.
Meanwhile, in Tech Connex Pavilion, James turned off the live broadcast, but there was still a trace of
Even More Realistic
confusion and slight grievance on his face.
It was so unfair. He was telling the truth. Why didn't James believe it?
James asked, "What if that professor actually comes?noveldrama
"That's even better."
Hugo didn't take it seriously. "Either way, our company is real. We can handle any doubt thrown our way!"
"That's right!" Warren nodded as well. "Don't forget. We didn't believe it at first, either, but later, we got a slap in the face." That was something everyone could agree on.
Then, they told Lucille about it.
Lucille had just finished class. When she heard about that, she smiled and replied, "Don't panic. I'll be there tomorrow."
Initially, it would have been fine to leave Hugo and the others to deal with it. Not to mention, Robert was there, too. However, since the viewer said that he was a science and technology professor, she wanted to see what opinion Jake had. It was the next day.
At four o'clock in the afternoon...
James was sitting in a chair, resting his head on it and dozing off.
Tech Connex Pavilion had its grand opening the day before. However, other than the 50 thugs that had been dragged there by Lucille, no one else had stepped in.
###Like Nerds
Not a single person came that day.
It was completely empty both inside and outside.
James yawned, feeling sleepy. When he looked up again, he found two cars parked in front of the store. An old man with glasses got out of the car, followed by five students who looked like nerds.
After they got out of the car, the looks on their faces seemed as if they were about to confront a shared enemy. They walked toward Tech Connex Pavilion in an imposing manner.
Monkey was stunned for a moment, and then immediately became energetic.
That's right!
The old man leading them must have been the old professor who left a message in their live stream the day before, saying that he was going to expose them.
"Guys, we've got customers. Come out to receive them!"
James shouted to the employees in the back, then picked up his cell phone to report to Lucille,
He typed: "Boss, Boss, that guy- I mean, the professor is here!"
After sending that message, Monkey stepped forward with a smile and said, "Welcome! Please come in.
Jake, who was in the lead, looked at the environment of the restaurant and snorted, "Even the decorations aren't appropriate. What even is this? How dare you say that it's a technological center? Hmph!" The five students led by Jake echoed his words.
"That's right! Look at all these fancy decorations. It doesn't look serious at all!"
"Who's the person in charge here? Get them to come forth! To tell you the truth, our teacher is a science and technology research professor. We are all top students from a science institute. Today, we're here to expose the ugly truth!" James remained silent.
He was a little speechless.
Even so, he endured it and continued to greet them with a smile. "Whether it is true or not, you will know when you go in and have a try. It's not like you'll believe whatever I say right now, anyway." Hugo and other subordinates gestured for them to go in.
They were all tall and strong. When they all stood in a row, they looked mighty and oppressive. The students, who had just been full of momentum, felt a little weak upon meeting their gazes.
At that moment, Professor Miller straightened his back and took the initiative to walk in. He also said, Fine. Let me see this scam with my own two eyes."
Thus, they went to the holographic experience pods.
Upon seeing the pods, the students were stunned for a moment, and then they laughed out loud. "Isn't this a regular pod? I have one at home. My father bought it just for gaming."
Jake's face darkened even more. "How dare you call this a technological research center? This is simply a shame to the scientific research industry!"
Like Nerdsnoveldrama
"Please sit down and try it out," James offered with a smile.
He continued, "However, let me make things clear. It'll be free the first time. However, if you want to play again, you have to pay for a ticket. The cost is one thousand dollars per person. We charged based on the number of times you play, without any limit on the time It wasn't that expensive.
However, there was no way they were going to want to try a scam like that a second time. They had to be delusional!
Jake snorted and sat down or an ordinary chair next to him. Then, he ordered his students, "I'll wait here. You guys, go ahead and try it. Remember to give me a report later."
James and Hugo were happy to hear that.
Speaking of which, they were worried that the elderly Jake wouldn't be able to handle the dangers in the virtual world. It would be better if he didn't try it out.
The five students sat in the holographic experience pobs one by one.
They scratched the armrest of the chairs, and their faces were full of disdain. "It's nothing special. I bet a rollercoaster would be more fun."
Hearing that, James immediately changed the settings from the easiest difficulty to the hardest. They didn't have to be soft-hearted. They could just torture the students!
###Slowly Closed
Slowly Closed
The level that James had chosen for them was called World of Ice.
As the name suggested, they needed to face challenges in a frozen wasteland.
James smiled and looked forward to how they would suffer.
The moment he pressed the button, the door of the holographic experience door slowly closed.
The students pursed their lips. One of them said, "Hmph. This is a pretty convincing scam."
However, immediately after that.....
Everything went dark in front of them. When they opened their eyes again, they were surrounded by a vast expanse of white.
There were glaciers and mountains of snow everywhere. The cold wind blew past, whistling and ear- piercing. At that moment, the cold air almost penetrated their bones! The five students were all stunned.
They had never seen anything like it before. At that moment, all of them were shivering from the cold. When they spoke and breathed, their breath came out in the form of thick white fog. "Damn! Is this the South Pole?"
"It's so cold. Am I dreaming? I clearly recall that we were just at Tech Connex Pavilion, though. How did
get to this sh*tty place in the blink of an eye?"
we
The students looked at each other in dismay.
It was only at this moment that they finally realized...
Itnoveldrama
t was not a dream.
They were still lying in the holographic experience pods in Tech Connex Pavilion, but the experience was so real that it felt as if they were actually at the South Pole.
Nobody would believe it if they hadn't experienced it themselves.
Among the five of them, a girl had already been scared to tears. She trembled and murmured, "I'm so cold. I'm freezing. I can't even speak probably now. I want to quit... Sob, sob. I don't want to be here."
"Don't be afraid. It's all fake. Maybe it's some kind of advanced hypnosis!" one of the boys said with confidence, "There's no way technology like this actually exists. I've never heard of it, so it must be fake. It's just an illusion!"
The others looked at each other and retorted, "What's up with us feeling like we're freezing to death, then? Is that hypnosis, too?"
"Of course!" The boy's face was serious. "Since it's hypnosis, the person behind all of this will try their best to convince us that we're in this environment to make us feel all these things. As long as we remind ourselves that it's not real, nothing will happen!" They didn't know what he was talking about, but it sounded very grand.
It seemed totally reasonable.
At this time, a game prompt showed up in the sky. It read: "The game is about to begin. I wish you good luck. A kind reminder that if you feel uncomfortable or afraid and want to quit, you can shout that you want to give up." Slowly Closed
Give up?
That was absolutely impossible!
Just as everyone was psychoanalyzing the situation, the glacier beneath them suddenly shook, and a huge creature swam over from the bottom of the water.
The next second, the glacier under their feet cracked.
"Ah!"
The students were so scared that their faces turned pale, and they immediately moved to the side, trying to dodge.
Even so, one of the boys didn't react quickly enough and fell into the hole in the ice. At that moment, his body felt so cold that he lost all rationality. Pillars of ice hit him, which made him scream in pain... "Give up! I give up!"
The next second, the boy's figure disappeared. The number of people on the screen showed that one person had quit.
The remaining four students were lucky. They fled from the glacier to solid ground, but the earth and mountains kept shaking. Then, the mountain of snow above their heads collapsed, and an avalanche came crashing down, burying them in an instant. All five of them quit the virtual world in less than five minutes.
###Watched It All Happen
Even when the doors of the holographic experience pods were opened, they were still trembling, as if there was still snow on their bodies. It was like they were still in that freezing environment. Jake watched it all happen through the screen.
He immediately got angry. Looking at his students, he shouted angrily, "Shame on you! How can you be scared by something so simple?"
The students began expressing their grievances.
"It's really scary, Professor Miller! I wasn't this scared even when I played 5D games in the past. Even though you can experience virtual reality by wearing VR goggles, it doesn't even come close to these pods. It's like it's happening in the real world!" "That's right, Professor Miller. If you don't believe us, you can try it yourself. We really did our best."
"Hmph." Jake snorted. With a stubborn temper, he replied, "What a childish and boring thing. I'm a professor of scientific research, so I won't try it. It's just a scam! Only you idiots would take it seriously!"
After being scolded for no reason, the group of students felt extremely powerless.
What were they supposed to say?
There was no way Jake would understand unless he tried it for himself.
After all, he was old-fashioned and stubborn.
It was impossible to persuade him to sit in the holographic experience pod to try it out.
James and Hugo felt helpless as well.
"Professor, I'm sure you're well aware that you need to try something out for yourself to understand it. Since you think your students lied, you should go and experience it yourself. Then, you will know everything," they said. "Don't even think about it!" Jake's face darkened as he angrily cursed, "I don't know what kind of tricks
you
scammers are using. How dare you try to lie to me? That's impossible!"
That was even more unreasonable of him to say.
Even James, who considered himself to have a good temper, was full of rage right then.
Just when the situation was at a stalemate, Lucille arrived.
She had changed her appearance and covered up her stunning and beautiful face. With her proficiency in disguise, she made herself look totally ordinary. It was as if she had changed into another person completely. Only her cold and noble temperament remained. It was still so dazzling that no one could ignore it.
Hugo and James had seen Lucille in disguise before, so they recognized her at a glance. They introduced her proudly. "Let me introduce you. This is my boss!"
Lucille glanced at the pale-faced students and knew that they had already tried the pods out.noveldrama
The only one left was the prickly Jake, who stood in front of her.
Before Lucille could open her mouth, Jake began scolding her first.
"Oh, you're the owner of this pavilion, are you? Look at you. Instead of focusing on your studies, you're out
Watched it All Happen
here making scams! I'm telling you. You'd better shut this store down quickly!"
When Hugo, James, and the others heard this, their expressions instantly turned gloomy.
He could slander them all he wanted, but how dare he slander their boss?
Lucille shot them a look, stopping them. Then, she pointed to another door.
2.2
She told James, "Professor Miller, Tech Connex Pavillon doesn't just offer a virtual world. It also has a mirror projection. You can go check it out. If you still think that my store is a fraud, then I'll listen to you. What do you think?" Jake curled his lips in disdain. "What's a mirror projection? It sounds fancy."
Lucille patiently explained, "As long as you provide a photo, the person in the photo will appear in front of you. That's what a mirror projection is."
Initially, her goal for creating the mirror projection was to provide customers an opportunity to see people who they could never see again or people who it was hard to meet up with.
Based on her findings, there was someone who Jake missed deeply.
Sure enough, Jake was obviously stunned for a moment. Then, he said with a serious face, "Let's go. I want to see what kind of tricks you can play!"
###Particularly Shocking
Lucille smiled, and then she pushed open a huge door in Tech Connex Pavilion.noveldrama
Inside the room, there were countless mirror-like, fragmented LCD panels. Using a mysterious technique, the panels were combined into a huge screen. The advanced technology behind it was particularly shocking. "Go ahead, Professor."
Lucille made an inviting gesture.
Jake snorted coldly and strode in with his head held high.
"Tell me. What am I supposed to see?"
Lucille didn't answer. She snapped her fingers. In the next second, all the lights in the mirror projection hall went out. When the lights came back on, a hunched figure slowly appeared on the huge screen.
It was an old woman with silver hair. Her face was ruddy and she looked energetic. There was a red scarf around her neck.
Initially, Jake was sneering, but when he saw the person on the screen, he was stunned.
Because... she was his wife.
It was his wife, who had passed away due to an illness five years ago. In the end, he hadn't been able to save her.
Jake's lips twitched, and his old and turbid eyes were full of shock and excitement. He subconsciously called out, "Honey..."
He thought that the woman on the screen would not respond, but he unexpectedly heard a familiar voice. "Old man, are you scolding your students again? I've told you so many times that you should be more patient and tolerant..."
The old lady mumbled to herself. Then, she strode to Jake's side.
At that moment, Professor Miller looked at his wife, who looked unbelievably realistic in front of him. Hel was so shocked that he could not speak. A glint of light instantly flashed in his turbid gaze.
He couldn't help reaching out his hand, wanting to touch his wife's face. He choked and said, "You're so beautiful, Honey. You're so much more beautiful than when you were lying in a hospital bed full of tubes." What was truly unbelievable was that his outstretched hand actually firmly touched his wife.
At that moment, Jake could no longer hold back his tears.
"I'm so sorry, Honey. I made you suffer for more than half of your life with me. Even when you got old, you couldn't even enjoy a few days of happiness... I'm so sorry."
The old woman laughed. She patted the back of his hand and said in a gentle voice, "You're the only one left. Take good care of yourself. I don't have any regrets, and you don't have to regret anything, either. I'm leaving. Enjoy yourself."
After that, the old woman in front of him disappeared in a flash.
Jake grabbed at the huge mirror and cried bitterly.
"Honey, Honey, talk to me more...
Outside the mirror projection hall, the five students were shocked and stunned to see that. Two of them
even wiped tears from the corners of their eyes, and their faces were full of emotion.
After a long time, Jake gradually calmed down.
When he came out of the mirror projection hall, he was no longer as stubborn as he used to be. He
taggered and looked a little relieved.
Then he walked step by step in front of Hugo and James.
James thought that he was going to make trouble for them again, so he subconsciously made a defensive gesture. Unexpectedly, Professor Miller bent down to them.
Everyone was stunned again.
What was that supposed to mean?
Before James and Hugo could react, Professor Miller brought the students out.
###Apologizing to Us
They got in the car and left Tech Connex Pavilion.
James was a little confused. He couldn't help poking Hugo's arm and asking, "What does that old professor mean by bowing to us?"
"He must be apologizing to us," Hugo replied.
James finally felt better upon hearing that.
Earlier, Jake had attacked him relentlessly. No matter how hard he tried to reason with him, Jake didn't even listen to him. He felt very aggrieved.
"You're so smart, Boss!" James leaned over to Lucille with excitement. He gave her a thumbs-up and enthusiastically blurted. "That was amazing, Boss. You defeated that stubborn old professor in one move!" Lucille ignored him.
She hadn't wanted to expose Jake's past, but it seemed that it had helped him let go of the past.
That was the meaning behind the mirror projection
Sitting on a revolving chair, Lucille tapped her fingers on the table and asked, "How much did we earn today?"
At the mention of that, James and Hugo finally remembered. "Sh*t! Those students didn't pay just now, No wonder they ran away so fast!"
As they spoke, they were about to chase after the students.noveldrama
Lucille rubbed her forehead and grumpily said, "Come back."
The most important thing right then was to spread the word about Tech Connex Pavilion to the public. Only by attracting more people to come could she earn back the capital she had invested and complete the working capital chain.
In regards to that, Warren came up with an idea and suggested, "Boss, why don't we set up a reward pattern? Those who can pass the level can be rewarded with a lot of money. That'll serve as motivation, right?" This idea was approved by everyone.
Lucille nodded and stated, "That works. In that case, you can decide how the reward system works,
Warren."
"Yes!"
Warren immediately straightened his back and answered her.
There was nothing else to do in Tech Connex Pavilion, Lucille stayed for a while and then removed all the makeup on her face.
She walked out of Tech Connex Pavilion and stood by the roadside. She wanted to take a cab, but none of them were passing by at that moment.
Lucille casually walked toward the corner of the street
It was only six o'clock in the evening, but it was already dark. The street lamps on both sides were lit up.
While walking. Lucille happened to see the food stall again.
Apologizing to Us
Ronald was not there, but his mother recognized her at a glance. She immediately grabbed two bags of food.
an embarrassed look on her face, she said, "Miss, thank you for what you do that day. I don't have anything else to give, but this is just a token of my appreciation. I hope you don't mind..." "Thank you."
Lucille took it, nodded politely at the woman, and continued walking forward.
Coincidentally, when Lucille was about to reach the exit of the street, she ran into Zoey and Samuel.
They had just come out of a jewelry store behind her, carrying a lot of exquisite and luxurious shopping bags in their hands. The two of them were snuggled up to each other sweetly, and they were as intimate as they could be. Lucille looked steadily forward and continued straight ahead.
Unexpectedly, Zoey had sharp eyes and noticed her at a glance. She immediately shouted, "Lucille, you're here too? Are you here to go shopping? Hey, why are you holding street food? How can you eat things like that? It's dirty and full of germs. Listen to me. You'd better throw it away quickly!"
Lucille's gaze was indifferent. She glanced at Zoey and said casually, "If you really want to be
considerate, then stop pointing and talking to me. Otherwise, the air around me will be contaminated with
germs.
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###Dirty
Lucille's words were not polite at all.
There was a hint of grievance on Zoey's pure and beautiful face. She bit her lip and explained, "Lucille, how can you say that? I'm doing this for your own good. Things like that are so dirty."
"Well, there are lots of dirty things in this world." Lucille looked up at Zoey and said with a faint smile," Like you, for example."noveldrama
In an instant, Zoey's face turned pale, and tears welled up in her eyes.
Samuel couldn't stand it anymore. He stood in front of Lucille and scolded her. "That's enough! What's wrong with her caring about you? You don't know what's good for yourself. How unreasonable!" Lucille was speechless.
She was so angry that she laughed and retorted, "It's true. I don't know what's good for me, so you two should get as far away as you can from me. Stop doing idiotic things like lecturing people for no reason. You're so.nosey. Really, you're the textbook example of a model citizen." With that, Lucille left.
However, with Samuel's temper, he grabbed Lucille's hand and furiously demanded, "I don't care. You have to apologize to her!"
"Oh, I'm so sorry. Lucille remained kind and spoke quickly and clearly. "Sorry for being honest, that is.
Samuel was at a loss for words
He was so angry that steam was coming out of his ears. He gnashed his teeth and spat, "Lucille!"
"Yes?" Lucille's grin was bright and radiant. Her relaxed posture was free and laidback, yet it was so flamboyant that one could not take their eyes off her
She pushed Samuel's hand away bit by bit and warned him flatly, "Let go, or I don't mind giving you another kick"
Last time at the foot of the mountain in Talford Village, her kick had nearly left him unable to have
children
That pain was still fresh in Samuel's memory!
"You're ruthless!"
Samuel's face darkened and he finally loosened his grip.
Lucille did not even spare him a glance. She walked away in a carefree and elegant manner.
Beneath the streetlights.
The lamps on both sides of the road stretched her long and slender figure into the distance. It flickered. looking slender and graceful. Samuel looked at her and was somehow reminded of the girl in black who suddenly broke into his room on the first night in Talford Village Even though the girl had covered her face with a scarf at that time, her beautiful and clean eyes had been Imprinted in his heart without warning
For the next few days, he kept subconsciously glancing at the window, hoping that the beautiful and charming girl would appear in front of him again.
Dirty
Dirty 1/2
Lucille's words were not polite at all.
There was a hint of grievance on Zoey's pure and beautiful face. She bit her lip and explained, "Lucille, how can you say that? I'm doing this for your own good. Things like that are so dirty." "Well, there are lots of dirty things in this world," Lucille looked up at Zoey and said with a faint smile, Like you, for example."
In an instant, Zoey's face turned pale, and tears welled up in her eyes.
Samuel couldn't stand it anymore. He stood in front of Lucille and scolded her. "That's enough! What's wrong with her caring about you? You don't know what's good for yourself. How unreasonable!" Lucille was speechless.
She was so angry that she laughed and retorted, "It's true. I don't know what's good for me, so you two should get as far away as you can from me. Stop doing idiotic things like lecturing people for no reason. You're so.nosey. Really, you're the textbook example of a model citizen."
With that, Lucille left.
However, with Samuel's temper, he grabbed Lucille's hand and furiously demanded, "I don't care. You have to apologize to her!"
"Oh, I'm so sorry." Lucille remained kind and spoke quickly and clearly. "Sorry for being honest, that is."
Samuel was at a loss for words.
He was
so angry that steam was coming out of his ears. He gnashed his teeth and spat, "Lucille!" "Yes?" Lucille's grin was bright and radiant. Her relaxed posture was free and laidback, yet it was sol flamboyant that one could not take their eyes off her. She pushed Samuel's hand away bit by bit and warned him flatly, "Let go, or I don't mind giving you another kick."
Last time at the foot of the mountain in Talford Village, her kick had nearly left him unable to have children.
That pain was still fresh in Samuel's memory!
"You're ruthless!"
Samuel's face darkened and he finally loosened his grip.
Lucille did not even spare him a glance. She walked away in a carefree and elegant manner.
Beneath the streetlights...
The lamps on both sides of the road stretched her long and slender figure into the distance. It flickered, looking slender and graceful. Samuel looked at her and was somehow reminded of the girl in black who suddenly broke into his room on the first night in Talford Village.
Even though the girl had covered her face with a scarf at that time, her beautiful and clean eyes had been Imprinted in his heart without warning.
For the next few days, he kept subconsciously glancing at the window, hoping that the beautiful and charming girl would appear in front of him again.
Dirty
However, it didn't happen.
Before leaving Talford Village, he had sent people to inquire about her secretly. Unfortunately, even after questioning everyone in the village, nobody had seen her.
Samuel shook his head and could not help but feel helpless. Why would he think of the girl from that night when he was looking at Lucille? It must have been because he had been under too much pressure recently. Meanwhile, Zoey saw all the expressions on Samuel's face. Her intuition told her that there was something wrong with Samuel,
Could it be that he still had feelings for Lucille?
Lucille bit her lips and burst into tears as if she had suffered a great grievance. She pitifully whined, Samuel, Lucille misunderstood me. What should I do? And... Lucille even called me dirty..."
"Don't listen to her nonsense." Samuel held her in his arms and comforted her in a soft voice. "She's just jealous of you. She said that on purpose because she couldn't bear to see you doing well
###When Will You Marry Me
When Will You Marry Me
"Really?" Lucille leaned into Samuel's arms. Choked up, she asked, "When will you marry me, Samuel? I don't want to be scolded anymore. We love each other, but people keep saying that I'm a homewrecker who ruined your marriage with Lucille..." At the mention of that, Zoey was so angry she gritted her teeth.
She had thought that after Samuel and Lucille broke off the engagement, she would be able to smoothly become the young mistress of the Gilbert family. Unexpectedly, Samuel's family tried all kinds of tricks to stop it from happening. They didn't approve.
Mrs. Gilbert, Samuel's mother, had said before that only someone from a rich family could be worthy of her son. Thus, Zoey wanted to persuade Howard to transfer some of the Jules family's company shares to her. Originally, they had planned to transfer to her the shares under Lucille's name. Unexpectedly, Lucille played a wild card and sold all the shares. Fortunately, that idiot Charles had transferred all his shares to her.
Right then, she held 10% of the company's shares. As long as the company's profits were good, there would be a lot to earn.
Lucille held Samuel in her arms and murmured, "Samuel, I already have 10% of the shares under my name. Your parents will probably approve of us, right?
"Well..." Samuel sighed.
How could the Jules family's company compare to how it used to be? Howard had made sever
mistakes, causing the Jules family's shares to drop sharply and its market value to evaporate. The value of the company had been greatly reduced!
On top of that, after Lucille sold off half the shares, most of them had been bought by their competitors. As such, the Jules family's company was in imminent danger.
If a few more mistakes were made, they might go bankrupt sooner or later!
Samuel did not intend to tell Zoey what was going on, so as not to make her worry for nothing.noveldrama
Thus, he didn't say anything. He simply touched Zoey's face and promised, "I will try my best to convince my parents. Besides, I promised you a long time ago that you're the only one who can become the mistress of the Gilbert family. You don't have to worry about that." How could she not be worried?
Zoey had a considerate smile on her face, but her heart slowly grew colder.
Lucille, for example, had been engaged to Samuel since she was a child, but even then, it was called off. What about Zoey, who had no title or status?
Therefore, before they were married, anything could happen.
Zoey was well aware that the reason why the Gilbert family did not want Samuel to marry her was that they did not think there were any benefits that she could bring to the Gilbert family. A marriage of business had to be mutually beneficial, which was about the value brought by the close relationship between the two sides.
Obviously, she did not have any value at that moment.
However...
When vill You Marry Me
Zoey lowered her eyes. She had an idea in her mind.
She had to get all of the Jules family's Dow
Whether it was the company or the family property, she wanted them all.
A deep light flashed across Zoey's eyes, and even the corners of her mouth were slightly raised.
She was determined to get all of it. After all, she had a wonderful father like Howard, as well as Charles, who was obedient to her and would even pick the stars from the sky if she asked.
As soon as she was sent home by Samuel, Zoey went looking for Howard and asked coquettishly, "Dad, what have you been busy with recently? I haven't seen you all day long. You seem to be very tired."
"Really?" Howard laughed, but he didn't answer Zoey's question directly. He just laughed and answered, It's probably because it's been so hot lately. I haven't had much of an appetite."
"I see. I'll make some lemonade for you later. I'm sure you'll have a good appetite after drinking it!" she offered.
"You're so sensible and loyal, Zoey. I'm so grateful for you," he praised.
"Um... Dad, can I discuss something with you?" Zoey got up and went to the back of the sofa. While massaging Howard's shoulder and back, she asked tentatively, "Dad, I want to start working in the company to gain experience. Is that okay?" Not
Howard was stunned and said in surprise, 'Zoey, you're already so busy with school. How can you have time to work in the company? You have to wait until you graduate, at least. Not now. It's too early."
Zoey had already expected such an answer.
Despite that, she was not discouraged. She continued in a well-behaved and sensible tone, "Dad, I'm saying this because I can see how tired you are. I was thinking that if there is anything that I can help you with, it will be good."
"What could a little girl like you do for me?" Howard shook his head with a grin. The next moment, however, he suddenly thought of something and said with a serious expression, "Actually, there is something I need you to help me with, Zoey." "What is it?" she asked.
He explained, "I've spent a lot of money to invest in a large amusement park project recently, but the amusement park is still under construction. It's just that the money I have isn't enough to make a turnover, and I would like it if Samuel could invest, too. When I proposed this idea to the Gilbert family, his father refused it. So, Zoey... Can you do anything about it?"
Lucille was stunned and asked, "Dad, are you saying that you want me to persuade Samuel to invest in the company?"
"Yes!" Howard nodded in high spirits and excitedly told her, 'This investment will definitely be profitable! I'm planning to build an empire of entertainment. Not only will it be the largest amusement park in the world, but a residential area will be built next to it, too. Believe me, this project will definitely be a huge
success!"
Zoey only understood a fraction of what was going on. She didn't know the meaning of this project, but upon thinking about it, she realized that it was a good opportunity for her to get more of the Jules family's shares. Hence, Zoey's put on a troubled expression. She strategically replied, "Dad, I don't mind Samuel for help. but his family has always refused to accept me, saying that I'm not good enough for him."
She added, "If I have more shares and power in my hands, maybe they will take me seriously. When the time comes, we'll be married, and we'll all be a part of the same family."
She tried to persuade him, saying, "If something like this happens again in the future, asking the Gilbert family for money will be a piece of cake for you. How can Samuel embarrass his father-in-law? Right, Dad? Howard thought for a while and nodded.
"That's true," he agreed.
Everything else aside, the Gilbert family was a well-known family in Shein City. They had connections and money. Since Howard was being attacked from both sides, the company was getting worse day by day. If he did not firmly hold on to the pillar that was Samuel, he would be doomed! Thus, Howard gave a straightforward answer.
"Zoey, as long as you can deal with this and handle all the business issues, I will give you a position in the company. You can shadow Bernard to gain experience When you graduate in two years, you and Bernard will take care of the company."
He added, "As for our family's properties and assets, 40% of them will be your dowry!"
That was 40%. When combined with the 10% she owned right then, that meant she would have half of the Jules family's assets.
Zoey restrained the excitement in her heart. She pretended to be considerate and asked, "Is it really okay to give it all to me, Dad? What about my Bernard, Yoshua, and Charles?"
"Bernard is in charge of the company. What's there for him to be dissatisfied with? As for Yoshua... Hmph. That b*stard is on the same side as that wicked girl. He wanted to spread his wings and be independent, didn't he? Why should I leave anything for him? When it comes to Charles, the company has annual dividends. He won't starve to death."
After Howard finished speaking, he patted the back of her hand and said with a face full of adoration, You are the most important. When you marry Samuel, the Jules family's success will naturally follow. To put it bluntly, it all depends on you. You must make me proud!" "I will!"
Zoey lowered her head shyly.
All of that wasn't enough, though.
What she wanted was all of the Jules family's assets. Just 40% of it was not enough to get rid of her greed.
On top of that, the Jules family would not have achieved its current glory without the suppo her biological father!
###Yourerback
You're Back
Right then, she was just taking back what she deserved!
Why couldn't she?
Zoey was busy plotting when she suddenly heard the sound of a car outside the villa.
A few seconds later, a servant ran up to the door and yelled, "You're back, Mr. Bernard?"
When Bernard stepped into the villa, he saw Zoey and Howard on the sofa. After greeting them, he went upstairs to the study.
Howard had long been accustomed to Bernard's indifferent behavior, but things were different that day. He specifically stopped Bernard and ordered, "Bernard, take your sister to the company for the next few days. Let her familiarize herself with the environment in advance.
"What do you mean?" Bernard stopped, and a sharp glint was reflected in the lens of his glasses. He asked, "Dad, do you intend to get Zoey to work in the company?"
"Yes. Is there a problem?" Howard was feeling relaxed from Zoey's shoulder massage. Hè narrowed his eyes and replied matter-of-factly, "She is my daughter. Not only am I going to get her to work in the company, but I'm also planning to let her inherit it in the future." Bernard became genuinely angry upon hearing that. His face darkened and he uttered, "Dad, you must be crazy."
Those simple words challenged Howard's authority as the head of the family.
Howard suddenly opened his eyes and furiously retorted, "Are you trying to rebel, Bernard?"
"I wouldn't dare."
Despite saying that, his sharp aura showed his obvious dissatisfaction.
"Even if you feel like its value is deprecated, you can't just give the Jules family's assets away to an outsider. Not to mention, you know best when it comes to the company's profits. How can you be planning to give away our assets and shares to an outsider at such a critical time? Are things not chaotic enough?" he ranted.
Most of the time, Bernard didn't say much and seldom talked. That day, however, he said a long string of words in a single breath. Every word was sharp, cold, and direct.
"Dad, you're the one who taught me that I have to hold onto what's mine in order to feel at ease. Why do you want to give all your assets to an outsider when you are not even at the age of retirement? Who told you all these things in an attempt to confuse you?" Howard was stunned.
Bernard was right. He hadn't reached the age of retirement yet and was still young. Why did he want to give all the assets to Zoey?
It seemed that his decision was too hasty.
Howard shook his head, and his eyes became a little clearer.
Zoey's nails dug into her flesh when she saw this.
Her plan had been set in stone, but it had been ruined halfway!noveldrama
Zoey raised her head and glanced at Bernard. There was a hint of imperceptible hatred in her pure and
kind eyes.
She was an outsider, was she? It didn't matter. She still had a backup plan.
No matter what, she would definitely take all the Jules family's assets!
No one could stop her.
They could just wait and see.
###Right? Right?
Zoey could tell that Howard had changed his mind, so before he could say anything, she piped up, Dad, what Bernard said makes sense. Take your time. I know you love me, but you have to think about what Bernard wants too, right?" She had chosen her words in a clever manner. It showed that she
was considerate, sensible, and well-behaved. It was also a subtle jab at Bernard, saying that he was selfish and petty.
Sure enough, Howard's face darkened. He glared at Bernard with great dissatisfaction, then patted the back of Zoey's hand and -comforted her. "You don't have to worry. I will always support you. When you marry Samuel, I will definitely let you have a glorious marriage!"
He was implying that the promise he initially made was still valid and that 40% of the family assets would be her dowry.
Zoey smiled and said sweetly, "Thank you, Dad. Either way, I'll listen to you."
"You're so considerate, Zoey."
The two of them shared a happy, warm exchange.
Bernard stood to the side and said nothing. He went upstairs with. no expression on his face.
Zoey knew that she had won by only a narrow margin.
If she wanted to take all of the Jules family's assets, she had to have a legitimate reason.
She glanced at Howard and pretended to casually remark, "Dad,
Right
you already have white hair on your head. It must have been hard, being alone all these years. Maybe you should plan for the future and look for a wife so that there's a mistress in the family..."
"You don't have to worry about me." Howard laughed and waved his hand. "It's getting late. Go upstairs and sleep. I have some plans. I need to go out and meet up with someone." "Who are you going to meet at this late hour, Dad?" she asked.
"I'm going to the cafe down the street. One of my partners asked to meet up there. I have to go and see him," Howard said, getting up and walking out.
Zoey walked him to the door. She also warned the driver, "Alan, drive slowly. Be careful."
"Don't worry, Miss."
The driver, Alan, started the car and chatted casually with Howard. Miss Zoey cares about you the most, Mr. Jules. As they say, daughters are always the most caring." Howard nodded with a grin on his face. "That's right."noveldrama
To everyone's surprise, Alan added, "On the other hand, Miss Lucille is really heartless and reckless- I'm sorry, sir. I shouldn't
have mentioned Miss Lucille."
Ever since Howard severed ties with Lucille and drove her cut of the house, he had strictly prohibited any servants from mentioning Lucille at home.
If anyone mentioned her, he would definitely be furious!
Alan broke out in a cold sweat.
Even though Howard didn't lose his temper, his face turned cold.
Right?
He warned, "Alan, since we've been working together for so many years, I won't say anything to you. However, remember that you're not allowed to mention that brat in front of me from now on. I don't want to hear a single word about her." Alan immediately replied, "Yes, of course. There won't be a next time, Mr. Jules."
Howard leaned against the back seat, and the tension on his face eased a little.
At that moment, Zoey watched Howard's car drive off at the gate of the Jules family's villa. She returned to her room and locked the door. After repeatedly making sure that no one was
eavesdropping, she took out her mobile phone and dialed
someone.
"Hello, Mr. Davis. I need you to do me a favor."
The person she asked for help was named Henry Davis.
He was her father's best friend when he was still alive.
When she was ten years old, her father had unfortunately died in order to save Howard. Her mother abandoned them early on, and she had no relatives. Initially, Henry wanted to adopt her, but couldn't because he was abroad and couldn't come back in time. That was why Howard brought her home and raised her.
###Help You Out
After so many years, if there was anyone who would always respond in a time of need, it was Henry.
Zoey gripped her phone tightly and pretended to sob. She put on an extremely pitiful act. "Mr. Davis, you have to help me."
"What's wrong? Did someone bully you?" On the other end of the phone, Henry immediately put down what he was doing. Feeling anxious and distressed, he continued, "Don't cry. If something. happened, just tell me. I will definitely help you out." Zoey pretended to sob a few more times before she spoke again.
"Mr. Davis, I want you to help me look for a woman. She has to be beautiful, as well as someone who can be manipulated. You already know this, Mr. Davis, but even though I was adopted by the Jules family, they still don't treat me as a part of the family even after so many years," she lamented.
"Now, I can't even choose who I want to marry. Because of that, I'm thinking that if I can get my adoptive father to marry someone, I can have her speak up for me. Maybe that way, I won't keep getting bullied..."
Zoey kept telling him half-truths. In the end, she sobbed a few more times and begged, "Can you do that, Mr. Davis?"
Henry was definitely able to fulfill her request.
After all, he owned a debt company. There were definitely people. under his control who could satisfy her requirements.
Sure enough, after Henry sighed a few times, he felt distressed and helpless. "Zoey, I'm not trying to lecture you, but why do you keep
Help You Out
staying in Shein City and allowing yourself to be bullied? Why don't you come and stay with me? I've known your father for more than. 20 years. You're basically my daughter!"
She replied, "Mr. Davis, I know that you've always treated me the best. However, I'm not a child anymore. I can deal with things. myself. I just need your help..."
"Okay. It's not a big deal at all. Just wait. I'll ask my men to look for someone like that. I'll send you a text later," he stated.
"Okay. Thank you, Mr. Davis."
After hanging up the phone, Lucille leisurely ate the fresh fruit on the table and patiently waited for Henry's text.
He was an efficient man. Not long after, a her phone.
at was sent to
Zoey opened it excitedly and saw a list of women who met her requirements.
She skimmed through the information. Finally, her gaze landed on one of them.
The woman looked absolutely gorgeous in the photo. She was. definitely Howard's type.
She was only thirty-eight years old, looking mature and knowledgeable. She had a son who was just twenty years old. Both of them owed Henry a total of five million in debt because they were addicted to gambling. Because she couldn't afford to do so anymore, she and her son were going around scamming people for money.
Most importantly, she happened to be in Shein City.
Zoey had leverage over her, and it would be easy to manipulate the
Help You Out
woman.
She was a useful pawn.
Zoey's eyes lit up, and she immediately dialed the number.
"Hello. Is this Victoria Wilson?"noveldrama
Three hours later...
After the meeting, Howard walked out of the tea room with a heavy head. Although he hadn't drunk any alcohol, he was really bored after staying in the room for such a long time. At that moment, he was getting some fresh air while he sobered up. Howard strode forward. When he was about to get in the car, a green scarf floated in the wind and happened to land on his face.
There was a wonderful fragrance on the silk scarf.
Howard removed the silk scarf from his face and turned his head, only to see a beautiful middle-aged woman walking towards him quickly.
"I'm sorry, Sir. The wind is too strong. Can you give that silk scarf back to me?"
###Tumed and Lot
Turned and Left
The woman was less than 40 years old. She had a wonderful
figure, and her every move was elegant and mature. She looked graceful, dignified, and gentle. Howard was stunned and subconsciously handed over the silk scarf in his hand. "Here you are."
"Thank you." The woman smiled at him, took the silk scarf, then
turned and left.
Howard remained frozen in place.
It was not until the woman's figure disappeared completely that Howard came to his senses. He suddenly remembered how Zoey had mentioned that he should be looking for a wife at his age.
He hadn't taken her seriously back then, but at that moment, Howard was tempted.
It would be nice if there was a beautiful lady who could stay by his
side.
Howard smiled. He got in the car and left.
At that moment, the woman toyed with the green scarf in her hand as she emerged from the corner.noveldrama
She watched Howard's car, which was driving away, and then dialed Zoey's number. With a tinge of flattery in her tone, she reported, "Miss Johnson, our first meeting was a huge success. I'll stage another one in two days. I'll definitely succeed with the task you've given me!"
Zoey was very satisfied to hear that, but she still didn't forget to
Turned and Lub
threaten the woman.
"Victoria, remember that if you listen to what I tell you to do, I'll help you pay off your debt of five million dollars. You'd better not have any other thoughts in mind so that you and your son can have good lives in the future. Otherwise, I can knock you off your high horse and bring you straight down to hell," she warned.
L
Victoria cautiously replied, "Don't worry, Miss Johnson. I would never dare to do something like that."
"That's good. I'll wait for good news from you, then."
Zoey hung up the phone.
That night, the wind was blowing.
Meanwhile, in the Jules residence, Lucille was preparing to treat Joseph as usual.
However, when she brought her bag of tools to his room, there was no one inside.
He was just there, though. Had he gone out?
Lucille simply sat on the small couch in Joseph's room and waited.
There were a few books and magazines piled up on the tea table beside her. Lucille picked up one of them and flipped through it.
Just as she was engrossed in reading, there was finally a sound outside the door.
Lucille did not even raise her head. She casually said, "You're here? Take off your clothes, then."
It's getting late. She wanted to get things over with as soon as
Turned and Left
possible.
However, the person standing at the door did not respond for a long time.
Huh?
Lucille frowned. She turned her head and saw that the person who had entered was not Joseph, but Madam Collins!
Lucille was speechless.
She was done for.
What she just said must have been misunderstood.
As expected, Madam Collins was stunned at first. Then she smiled and narrowed her eyes. She also looked at the servant who was pushing her wheelchair, then immediately said, "Let's go. It's getting late. We should go back!" Lucille stood up and chased after them. "Grandma, you-"
"Lucille, you don't have to see me off. I'll come to visit you guys some other day!"
Madam Collins was grinning from ear to ear. Without giving Lucille any chance to explain, the servant pushed her into the elevator. Then, she got into the car as fast as the wind, as if she was afraid of disturbing them. She left quickly Standing at the entrance of the villa, Lucille was extremely dejected.
###Lost My Innocence
It wasn't until her car was out of sight that Lucille turned around and prepared to return to the villa.
Unexpectedly, Joseph was watching her from the doorway.
The man had his hands in his pockets. Obviously, he knew what had just happened. His handsome face didn't seem to have any intent to clear up the situation. On the contrary, there was a faint smile on his face. Mischievously, he said, "Looks like I've lost my innocence,
Bobo."
How could he have the nerve to say that.
Lucille put on a fake smile and reminded him, "That's been the case ever
since that night at the old house. It's just slightly worse now. It doesn't make much of a difference."
She was talking about the night of the engagement party when they were locked in the same room by Madam Collins.
With the two of them being alone in one room, their images were already ruined.
The amusement in Joseph's dark eyes intensified when he heard
that.
Lucille walked past him and went straight upstairs.
Halfway up the stairs, Lucille saw that Joseph had yet to catch up. She could not help but stop and say, "Come upstairs. Hurry up." Her tone was fierce.
Joseph chuckled and walked towards the stairs in a lazy and leisurely manner. "Coming, Dear."
Lost Minnocence
Back in the room, Lucille closed the door and opened the bag of tools on the table. As usual, her tone was light and natural. "Take off your clothes."
Either way, Madam Collins had already heard her say that and misunderstood, so there was no need to deliberately avoid it.
Joseph had to do as he was told.
During the treatment process, Lucille asked, "How have you been recently? Is everything okay?"
"Yes."-
When it came to the treatment, Joseph couldn't help admiring her. Although she was young, her medical skills were really amazing. He had never seen anyone perform treatment in such a unique. stable way. After all, she had to be genuinely talented for Master Walton to eagerly acknowledge her as his mentor.
She truly lived up to her reputation as Bambo.
Looking at Lucille's serious and focused face, the corners of Joseph's lips raised uncontrollably
After the treatment was done, Lucille checked Joseph's pulse again. With satisfaction, she commented, "The results are not bad. After half a month, the toxins in your body won't act up so easily even if you don't receive any treatment. Anyway, you can rest. I'll go back and sleep."
Lucille put away her tools, turned around, and walked out.
Culver, who was waiting outside, bowed and said, "Goodnight, Mrs. Collins."
Lost Myanocepor.
She nodded and returned to her room.
Culver walked to Joseph's side and muttered, "Mr. Joseph, more than half of the building across from Mount Ocean House hast been rented. There is currently a technological center there called Tech Connex Pavilion. According to the people in the Mount Ocean. House, Mrs. Collins was spotted coming out of there today."noveldrama
Joseph was buttoning his shirt with his slender fingers. Hearing this, he raised his eyebrows and curiously asked, "Tech Connex Pavilion? What's that for?"
"Apparently..." Culver scratched his head and didn't know how to describe it. He simply turned on the computer in his hand and
clicked on a video that was trending. He said, "Just watch this and you'll get it, Mr. Joseph."
The video was footage of a famous science and technology professor taking his students to visit Tech Connex Pavilion.
One of Jake's students had taken the video.
Initially, he wanted to expose the scam that was Tech Connex Pavilion. Unexpectedly, they received a huge slap in the face.
After going back, the student couldn't forget what had happened in Tech Connex Pavilion. Thus, after thinking about it for two days, he finally decided to upload the video,
As humans, everyone had a sense of curiosity. Not only was Jake in the video, but Tech Connex Pavilion also challenged everyone who came to try out the experience. The prize was huge. As long as anyone could complete the level, they could get prize money. As a result, the moment the video was uploaded, it immediately caused a huge wave on the Internet.
All the enthusiastic netizens didn't believe it, so they immediately
Lost My Jonocetice
booked slots to try it out for themselves.
44
After Joseph had watched the video patiently, he raised his lips. and smiled. His beautiful eyes were filled with an eye-catching and
charming light.
"A fully immersive experience? Interesting."
###Seen It Too
Lucille had seen the video too.
James had sent it to her with an excited text that read: "Boss, look! Even though we got the scolding of a lifetime, our customers doubled. We'll probably be up all night!"
Ever since the word began to spread, James, Hugo and the others. decided to seize this opportunity so that the Tech Connex Pavilion could remain open. At worst, they could just take shifts. They were also planning to be open for 24 hours so that they could attract more customers.
Lucille immediately rejected the idea.
She replied: "No. Follow the original schedule. You can just opent the pavilion from ten in the morning until ten at night. You don't. have to stay up all night."
Even though the video had blown up, there were much more. curses than praises.
Despite the fact that Jake and his students had personally
experienced it, and the fact that the video was incredibly realistic, there were still many viewers who doubted it, saying that they had gotten paid to advertise Tech Connex Pavilion.
Those who were against them, doubted them, or refused to believe them would go and try it out on their own with the intent of exposing the scam.
What they needed to do was continue operating as usual.
Lucille said: "Tech Connex Pavilion has its own rules. We don't need to cater to others just because people are doubting us. Do
you understand?"
Otherwise, they would be far too cheap.
James was stunned and quickly reacted. He responded: "
Understood, boss. We were too happy to think properly. I'll tell the others now."
"Okay."
After replying to the last message, Lucille tossed her phone aside.
Regardless of whether that video had been uploaded r not, the company would become famous sooner or later. After all, the experience they offered was the only one in the world. It was. destined to be famous. Lucille turned off the light and went to bed.
The next day, it was the start of a new week.
She got up early for her morning training as usual, and then sat at the dining table, preparing to have breakfast.
The chair across from her was suddenly pulled open.
"Morning."
Joseph sat down slowly. The little white cat jumped onto another chair, and its elegant movements were almost the same as its owner's.
Lucille glanced at him and replied, "Morning."
The servant beside them immediately served the breakfast.
There was porridge, hot milk, fruit salad, eggs, and nuts. They were all served on plates of various sizes, and the food looked
sumptuous.
Tou
Lucille couldn't help but sigh. In the past, she would ask Madam Dahlia to whip up a simple meal for her. Right then, however, since she was living with Joseph, she had benefited from him. Not only did she have free meals, but there was even a nutritionist to plan each meal. Even the chef was a private cook hired for a high salary.
Her appetite was going out of control.
Lucille got a bowl of porridge and ate it slowly.
Since Molly typically slept until the afternoon, she and Joseph were the only two people eating together every day.
"I'm full. Take your time." Lucille finished her meal. She wiped her mouth with a handkerchief and was about to go out.
It was a new week, and she had to go to school.
Joseph was feeding the cat. Hearing that, he petted the cat's head and stood up, saying, "I'll take you to school."
"No n-"
Before Lucille could finish speaking, she saw Joseph take a handkerchief from the side and wipe his hands. He did not give her any chance to refute.
Well, she didn't mind. It was a free ride.
Outside the door, Culver was already waiting. When he saw the two of them coming out, he immediately opened the door and said respectfully, "Mr. Joseph, Mrs. Collins, please get in the car."
Lucille sat down. At the same time, she made up her mind. She had to buy a car so that it was more convenient for her to go out.
The Last Part
However... the original host didn't seem to have a driving license.
Lucille was silent for a moment. Then, she took out her phone and randomly searched for a driving school online. She signed up for the special training class. Based on the description, she could quickly learn the whole syllabus in a few days. Most importantly, she would be able to get her license quickly.
To be honest, she only cared about the last part.
After paying the registration fee on her phone, Lucille raised her head and saw that the school gate was right up ahead. She said, " Okay, you can stop here."
Hearing that, Culver gradually slowed down. However, since they were so near to the gate, by the time he came to a complete stop, they had already reached the main gate of the school. "Thank you."
Lucille grabbed her backpack and got out of the car.
Even though she moved quickly, the luxury car worth tens of millions still attracted the attention of many students around when it stopped at the school gate.
When Lucille emerged from the car, she inevitably attracted the attention of many people and their constantly shifting gazes.
There were looks of disdain, jealousy, and scorn.
Lucille looked straight ahead. She threw her backpack over her shoulder and walked toward the school at a steady pace.
After watching Lucille enter the school, Joseph waved his hand.
Culver understood and immediately started the car.
The black luxury car slowly left.
Only then did the people at the school gate burst into an uproar, chattering one after another.
"The one in the car was Mr. Joseph, right? Oh my god. Did Mr. Joseph personally send Lucille to school?"
"I really don't know what's so good about Lucille! She just has a pretty face, right? What else does she have? Apparently, when her class had a free clinic, she slacked off completely and got the worst score. She even took advantage of her power to bully others in school. What about her makes her worthy of being with Mr. Joseph?"
"That's right. God is really blind. It's so unfair that Lucille gets to have everything!"
"Hmph. Just wait and see. Lucille is just a piece of trash that Mr. Samuel threw away. I refuse to believe that Mr. Joseph is actually interested in her."
The group of girls gritted their teeth angrily, and all kinds of
unpleasant and jealous words kept coming out of their mouths.
However, no one noticed a young man in white, who was standing on the side of the road.
Listening to these comments and insults, the young man walked over with no expression on his face. Then, he reached out and patted the shoulder of the girl who was insulting Lucille the most.
She turned around. When she got a good look at the person in front of her, she was stunned at first, and then exclaimed in a strange tone, "Hey, I was wondering who it was. It turns out that it's Ronald, the infamous illegitimate child of the school. Tell me. Why are you
looking for me?"
Ronald's expression was blank. His typically upright and clean. face looked rather fierce.
He corrected the girl's insults word by word, "It's not like she
offended her personally, yet you're slandering her so much and spreading false rumors. You have to take responsibility for that. Got it?"
After that, Ronald glanced at them lightly and went straight into school with a hint of warning in his tone.
It wasn't until he left that the group of girls came to their senses.noveldrama
"Did Ronald just speak up for Lucille?"
That was the only possibility.
However, everyone in the school knew that as an illegitimate child, Ronald was a total goodie-two-shoes and never interacted with anyone in the school. After school, he and his mother would sell snacks on the street. From time to time, he would be deliberately harassed and bullied by local ruffians. He couldn't even protect himself. How could he still have the gall to meddle in other people's business and stand up for Lucille, who had nothing to do with him?
The girls sneered.
"I didn't expect Lucille to seduce an illegitimate child like Ronald. Tsk, tsk, tsk. She's so thirsty that she'll go for anyone. What an eye-
opener!"
The others didn't know how to respond for a while. They listened to the girl's words and clamored in agreement.
The Last Part
"I'm going to expose them as a shameless couple in the school newspaper!"
###Shameless
Couple
An hour later, there was a new trending post on the school forum.
The title of the post was very eye-catching. It read: "Guess who'snoveldrama
the most shameless couple in our school? I'll describe them.
There's a prize if you get it right!"
Upon clicking in, the person who posted it had written nearly a thousand words about a totally made-up story. It was so vivid that it was hard not to believe.
From the beginning to the end, the post did not name anyone, but each and every word pointed to it being Lucille.
There were over a hundred comments in just a minute.
"I know, I know. It has to be Lucille! Only she could be the person they're talking about. She has an alluring face and goes around ruining our school's reputation!"
"I guessed it, too! The boy mentioned is an illegitimate child, so it has to be Ronald."
"Tsk, tsk. I didn't expect that Lucille would get together with
Ronald! How many people does this b*tch want to hurt?"
"So disgusting! I hope I don't see any more news about these two people."
Almost all the comments under the post were insulting.
The name of the girl who posted the post was Della Taylor. When she saw that these one-sided comments were almost all against Lucille, the anger in her heart was finally relieved.
In order to add fuel to the fire, Della used her pocket money to
Shaineless Couple
transfer cash to all of the people who had commented that it was Lucille. She replied: "Congratulations, you're right!"
She transferred money to more than 30 people in one go, which made the post increasingly popular.
Della stared at the post and smirked proudly.
She had posted it anonymously, so no one could find out who she was. Even if Lucille saw it, she wouldn't know who was behind it.
She would definitely end up suffering in silence.
Della crossed her legs, snacking as she watched the comments grow from a hundred to a few hundred. Eventually, there were more than a thousand comments.
There were still people asking: "What else do you know? Just share it all. We're still waiting for more!"
When Della saw that, she spat out her food. After thinking about it, for a while, she decided to make up a few more interesting things. For example, she decided to say that Lucille had slept with all kinds of people and that her personal life was a huge mess. All she had to do was make up something random for things to blow up again.
That was what she had decided to do.
Della placed her hands on the keyboard and was about to use her imagination. However, the screen suddenly began shaking, as if the system had been invaded. She lost control of her mouse, and it began to move on its own. What was going on?
She was stunned for a moment. She thought that there was a virus on her computer, so she immediately turned it off and restarted it.
Shames Couple
The moment she pressed the power off button, the screen went black.
Della breathed a sigh of relief, but in the next second, the computer that should have been turned off suddenly lit up uncontrollably again. A woman with disheveled hair appeared on the screen!
The woman in white was climbing out of the screen with her long hair.
"Ah!"
Della screamed and stepped back in fear.
However, she was the only one in the dormitory.
On the computer screen, the woman was still climbing out. At that moment, she even raised her head to look at Della.
Della was so scared that she took another step back, but she accidentally knocked her head on the bookshelf. Then, her eyes rolled to the back of her head and she fainted.
After she fell unconscious, the computer screen returned to
normal, but the post was deleted.
The person who invaded her computer through hacking was Benjamin.
Ever since he and Lucille had successfully stolen the bone whistle, he had been busy with the matters at hand and had no time to look for Lucille.
Finally, he had some free time that day, but Lucille didn't pick up even after he called twice.
Benjamin had no choice but to observe Lucille from a distance and see if she was busy with class. Unexpectedly, he saw that post as
Shameless Couple
soon as he hacked into the school system.
How could he tolerate someone bullying her?
Benjamin snorted. With a casual tap of his fingers, he hacked into
Della's computer.
However, just scaring her wouldn't make her learn her lesson.
###Missing Person Cases
Benjamin scratched his hair and said, "Lucille, this mission is very complicated. It involves a lot of people and it's got a high difficulty. The location is in Niterol City. In the past few months, there have. been dozens of missing person cases in the city. The mastermind behind the crime is particularly cautious."
"At the moment, it's clear that there must be an organization behind this, so the higher-ups want you and Kylian to work together and find those missing people by sneaking in. You guys. are supposed to find the headquarters of this secret organization and overthrow it in one fell swoop!" he explained.
Benjamin paused and continued, "Every time there is a missing person case in Niterol City, it usually happens toward the end of the month. Right now, there are ten days left until the month ends, If Kylian doesn't intend to accept the task by then, you're the only one who can do it, Lucille."
Lucille felt very helpless.
There was an incident in Niterol City, which was related to dozens of missing people. How could she not accept such a task?
Coincidentally, there were still ten days to prepare, which was enough for her to suppress the poison in Joseph's body and apply the most critical treatment.
Lucille replied quietly, "I'll take it, but I want double the commission.
Whether it was difficult or dangerous, the task required her to join hands with the infamous Kylian. It was far beyond her imagination.
She wasn't going to risk her life for nothing in return.
Benjamin immediately replied, "No problem."
"Send me all the information about the case and the details of the missing people. I will plan the rest of the task myself. If I succeed in getting in, I will find a way to contact you," she instructed.
"Okay." Benjamin agreed. However, he couldn't help but sigh and whispered, "Lucille, to be honest, I don't want you to take this task."
His superior had ordered him to call her, so he had no choice.
Despite that, when he thought of how she would have to break into the enemy's base alone, he felt distressed.
Even if she was the queen of mercenaries, she was still a human being. She could bleed and get hurt.
"Fox, you don't have to worry about me," she reassured.
Lucille chuckled and murmured, "I have already died once, so I
cherish my life very much."
"There you go again." Benjamin thought that she was just joking.
Lucille shook her head and hung up the phone.
Not long after, a copy of the document was sent over.noveldrama
Lucille was about to unlock the system and open it, but she
noticed a subtle movement behind her and abruptly turned around.
"Who is it?"
At the entrance of the rooftop, a slender young man in white stood there quietly.
It was Ronald.
There was a sour look on his face. He strode toward Lucille, and then shouted at her, trying to suppress his anger as he roared, "Do you really think it's worth doing this just because of them? Today, they made a post. I'm sure they'll find some other way to insult you tomorrow! Even if you can't get over it, you shouldn't jump off the building. They should be the ones jumping off instead!"
Lucille was stunned by his words.
She was confused for a few seconds before she realized that the young man in front of her thought that she came to the rooftop because she was going to attempt to take her own life over the post on the forum. Huh?
Lucille couldn't hold back her laughter and replied, "Do I look like the kind of person who would do that to myself? You think too much. I came to the rooftop because it's quiet and comfortable here. It's not what you think." Ronald's expression, which was initially full of disappointment, suddenly froze.
He looked into Lucille's eyes. Her gaze was bright, clean, and tough. She definitely had extraordinary willpower. Not to mention rumors, even if there was a knife pressed to her neck, she probably wouldn't blink. It was a misunderstanding on his part.
Ronald turned around uneasily and explained, "When I was downstairs, I saw you walking all the way to the rooftop. I thought... I thought you were bothered by the post."
###Dent Kike Cwing Tors
Don't Like Owing Favors
"Even if that was the case, what does that have to do with you?" Lucille looked at the young man's name tag, then called out to him. "Ronald, are you trying to repay me because I helped you out twice? Ronald turned his back to Lucille and said nothing.
It was because... she had guessed correctly.
He remained silent for a long time before finally saying, "I don't like owing favors."
"You don't owe me anything. I don't need you to pay me back, either."
Lucille sat down beside the railing on the rooftop and casually remarked, "There are still two minutes left before class. If you go back down now, you can still make it in time.
"It doesn't matter." A bitter smile flashed across Ronald's face. Perhaps he figured that he would never see her again in the future, so he spoke what he was truly thinking without hesitation.
"I have already submitted my application to drop out of school. After the school processes it, I will no longer be a student here. It
doesn't matter if I am late or not."
Lucille was a little surprised.noveldrama
Looking at Ronald's nametag, he was still a high school senior. He could graduate after just one more semester. He had held on for so long, so why was he dropping out in the last semester? However... she recalled him and his mother selling snacks on the
Don't like Owng Foots
213
street, and Lucille understood. Thus, she didn't ask anything. All she said in reply was, "That's not a bad choice. There are all kinds. of paths in life."
"Thank you."
Ronald's gaze wavered slightly.
He had thought that Lucille would show him pity and feel bad for him like everyone else. At worst, she would ridicule him.
Even so, she didn't do any of that.
Her tone was completely normal, without any sympathy.
Just like that night when she squatted down and picked up the food that had fallen on the ground.
She showed him respect, which he had never received before.
For once, Ronald smiled. He looked at the blue sky above his head and suddenly felt a sense of pride in his heart.
That's right. There were countless paths in life that would lead him in different directions.
Before leaving the rooftop, Ronald looked back at Lucille and stated, "Lucille, I will repay you if I ever get the chance."
Lucille shook her head. It was obvious that she wasn't counting on it. She lowered her head and looked at the documents that she had unlocked on her phone.
The mission was extremely important. It was related to the lives of several dozen people. There was definitely no room for mistakes.
Lucille sat there for the entire morning, reading through the files intently.
Don't Vike Owing Favors
###Ronald left.
In the afternoon, the application he submitted had been processed.
After packing up his few things, Ronald left the school.
He was looking forward to the future and even had various plans in his mind. He was confident that he could escape from his current situation so that he and his mother could live a better life. From then on, he would never have to bear the reputation of being an illegitimate child, let alone be bullied by others.
Ronald returned home as fast as he could.
A lively smile finally appeared on the young man's usually quiet and expressionless face. He pushed open the door and shouted, Mom, we can move now!"
However, as soon as he finished speaking, he saw the scene in the room and froze on the spot. He felt as if his feet were filled with lead, and the blood all over his body seemed to stop flowing.
At that moment, something shattered into pieces.
It was a young man's dream.
Mam Sesto the Face
Many Slaps to the Face
The small and shabby rental apartment was in a mess. Everything breakable had been smashed, and there was practically no room
for him to step in..
A haughty noblewoman was sitting on the sofa with a group of people. She was elegant like the queen of a country.
His mother's hair was disheveled and her cheeks were red and swollen. Obviously, she had taken many slaps to the face and could only beg for mercy.
"Please be kind and let us go," she cried.
When she saw that Ronald had returned, she immediately shouted, "Why did you come back? Hurry up and leave!"
Ronald gritted his teeth and walked in step by step.
"Mom, we don't have to beg them. Get up."
He bent down and helped his mother up from the ground. There was an unspeakable meaning in his tone. He looked at the noblewoman sitting on the sofa and said word by word, "I was the one who caused your son to be paralyzed for the rest of his life. If you can, then beat me to death. I'm tough, anyway."
The lady in front of him was a homewrecker who had brought her son to the top with her.
She and Ronald's shameless father had driven him and his mother out of the Walsh family.
They tried their best to make him and his mother homeless. They made sure that even if he had the talent and ability to do business,
Mamy Crops to the Fare
he wouldn't be able to find a job to make a living. Even if he
became a waiter or washed plates, they would threaten his boss. and make him fire Ronald.
In the end, the two of them had no choice but to sell food by the roadside to make ends meet.
Even so, the mistress' son often provoked them and made fun of
them.
One time, Ronald, who couldn't bear it anymore, made a mistake and pushed him down the steps, causing him to be paralyzed for
the rest of his life.
Since then, the noblewoman would cause trouble for them every now and then as if she had gone mad. She had even spared no effort to hire gangsters to beat them up and humiliate them.noveldrama
What was the use of begging?
If he didn't beg, at least he would regret it less.
Ronald straightened his back and stayed expressionless.
The woman sneered, "Ronald, do you know why I didn't send you to prison at the time? Because that would be the easy way out. I want to torture you bit by bit until you die! I want the two of you to be trampled under my feet for the rest of your lives so that you can never get back up."
After that, the woman raised her well-maintained hands and
ordered the bodyguards, "Since he's so tough, go ahead and break one of his legs."
"Yes, ma'am!"
The group of bodyguards immediately walked toward Ronald.
He didn't move at all, remaining steady as a mountain.
Many is to the Face
He did not resist, because resistance was futile. Despite that, hel would never beg for mercy, even if it was just one sentence!
His mother, Zayla Morton, saw that these bodyguards were really going to take action, so she immediately stood in front of Ronald. Her face turned pale, and she anxiously and angrily exclaimed, "You shouldn't have come back, Ronald. You really shouldn't have. Sob, sob..." "Mom, I'm fine." Ronald pushed her away and comforted her. "Turn around. Don't look."
"No!"
Zayla shook her head desperately and stood in front of Ronald. Seeing that, the woman toyed with her nails while flashing a proud and contemptuous grin. "Oh, how touching. Don't hold back, then. Go ahead!"
Punches rained down on him.
Ronald didn't make a single noise.
Zayla shouted, "Stop! All of you, stop!"
However, the four bodyguards only grew fiercer.
Zayla, who was trying to protect her son, let out a yell. Then she picked up a bench on the ground and threw it at one of the bodyguards.
However, before the bench could hit anyone, she was sent flying by the bodyguards.
"Mom!"
Ronald's eyes watered in an instant.
###Many Slaps to the Face
Many Slaps to the Face
The small and shabby rental apartment was in a mess. Everything breakable had been smashed, and there was practically no room for him to step in.
A haughty noblewoman was sitting on the sofa with a group of people. She was elegant like the queen of a country.
His mother's hair was disheveled and her cheeks were red and swollen. Obviously, she had taken many slaps to the face and could only beg for mercy. "Please be kind and let us go," she cried.
When she saw that Ronald had returned, she immediately shouted, "Why did you come back? Hurry up and leave!"
Ronald gritted his teeth and walked in step by step.
"Mom, we don't have to beg them. Get up."
He bent down and helped his mother up from the ground. There was an unspeakable meaning in his tone. He looked at the noblewoman sitting on the sofa and said word by word, "I was the one who caused your son to be paralyzed for the rest of his life. If you can, then beat me to death. I'm tough, anyway."
The lady in front of him was a homewrecker who had brought her son to the top with her.
She and Ronald's shameless father had driven him and his mother out of the Walsh family.
They tried their best to make him and his mother homeless. They made sure that even if he had the talent and ability to do business,
Many Slaps to the Face
he wouldn't be able to find a job to make a living. Even if he became a waiter or washed plates, they would threaten his boss and make him fire Ronald.
In the end, the two of them had no choice but to sell food by the
roadside to make ends meet.
Even so, the mistress' son often provoked them and made fun of
them.
One time, Ronald, who couldn't bear it anymore, made a mistake and pushed him down the steps, causing him to be paralyzed for the rest of his life.
Since then, the noblewoman would cause trouble for them every now and then as if she had gone mad. She had even spared no effort to hire gangsters to beat them up and humiliate them.
What was the use of begging?
If he didn't beg, at least he would regret it less.
Ronald straightened his back and stayed expressionless.
The woman sneered, "Ronald, do you know why I didn't send you to prison at the time? Because that would be the easy way out. I want to torture you bit by bit until you die! I want the two of you to be trampled under my feet for the rest of your lives so that you can never get back up." After that, the woman raised her well-maintained hands and
ordered the bodyguards, "Since he's so tough, go ahead and break one of his legs."
""Yes, ma'am!"
The group of bodyguards immediately walked toward Ronald.
He didn't move at all, remaining steady as a mountain.
Many Slaps to the Face
He did not resist, because resistance was futile. Despite that, he would never beg for mercy, even if it was just one sentence!
His mother, Zayla Morton, saw that these bodyguards were really going to take action, so she immediately stood in front of Ronald. Her face turned pale, and she anxiously and angrily exclaimed," You shouldn't have come back, Ronald. You really shouldn't have. Sob, sob..."
"Mom, I'm fine." Ronald pushed her away and comforted her. "Turn around. Don't look."
"No!"noveldrama
Zayla shook her head desperately and stood in front of Ronald. Seeing that, the woman toyed with her nails while flashing a proud and contemptuous grin. "Oh, how touching. Don't hold back, then. Go ahead!" Punches rained down on him.
Ronald didn't make a single noise.
Zayla shouted, "Stop! All of you, stop!"
However, the four bodyguards only grew fiercer.
Zayla, who was trying to protect her son, let out a yell. Then she picked up a bench on the ground and threw it at one of the
bodyguards.
However, before the bench could hit anyone, she was sent flying by the bodyguards.
"Mom!"
Ronald's eyes watered in an instant.
###Struggle to Reach Out
Struggle to Reach Out
Zayla fell to the ground and coughed a few times. She tried to get up, but at that moment, she had an asthma attack.
She clutched her collar tightly. Her face was flushed red and it was hard for her to breathe. She was like a fish on land, dying of thirst. She couldn't muster any strength, so all she could do was struggle to reach out and murmur, "My inhaler..." It was in a nearby cabinet.
Ronald suddenly pushed the bodyguard beside him aside. He rushed to the cabinet and opened the drawer.
However, just as he was about to get the inhaler, the four bodyguards rushed over and grabbed his hands and feet.
The inhaler fell into the woman's hands.
"You want this? In that case, kneel down and beg me. I'll give it to you."
The woman looked down at him from above and smiled arrogantly and unkindly.
Ronald's eyes were scarlet. Seeing that his mother couldn't
breathe and was about to die, he didn't have the time to think. He knelt on the ground and said in a hoarse voice, "I'm begging you, please."
It was the first time in more than a decade that the youth had bowed his head to someone.
"Hahaha!" The woman burst into laughter as if she had fought a glorious battle. She threw the inhaler to Ronald's feet with great
Struggle to Reach Out
273
satisfaction. "Here you are."
Ronald's hands were still being held tightly by the bodyguards. He could only try his best to lie down and use his chin to grab the bottle of medicine. However, at that moment, she stepped on it violently and crushed
1. it.
The inhaler shattered with a crack.noveldrama
It couldn't be used anymore.
It was needed to save Zayla's life.
Ronald froze, and his brain went blank in an instant.
He raised his head and looked at the woman in front of him in
disbelief.
She sneered and said, "I had a lot of fun playing today. I hope it'll be as wonderful next time."
After that, the woman, whose body was covered in jewels and gemstones, turned around and walked away.
The bodyguards also left.
Ronald rushed to Zayla's side. While calling emergency services, he said, "Mom, hold on. The ambulance is coming soon. Just hold on a bit longer!"
Zayla's eyes were unfocused. Her breathing was ragged, causing her face to be flushed red and her blue veins to bulge.
She held Ronald's hand tightly. Somehow, she had the strength to mutter, "It's okay. In the future... I won't... have to drag you down anymore." Struggle to Reach Out
Fifteen minutes later, the ambulance finally arrived.
At five o'clock in the afternoon, the last bell rang.
Lucille carried her backpack and prepared to leave the classroom.
However, at that moment, a student known for gossiping started loudly spreading some news.
"Hear, hear. You all know our fellow student, Ronald Walsh, right? He's the one who sells food by the roadside with his mother in the west of the city every day. His mother died of an asthma attack because she couldn't get access to her inhaler. Apparently, his stepmother was the one who did it. As we speak, he's heading to the Walsh family with a knife in hand to get his revenge!"
When the young students heard that, they immediately became interested in gossip.
"Really? I heard that he dropped out of school to move out of Shein City with his mother. This is all too sudden!"
"Apparently, it was all for revenge, though. Ronald pushed his half-brother down a flight of stairs, causing him to be paralyzed. It's just an eye for an eye."
"If what you're saying is true, does that mean he's going to kill
someone?"
The crowd of students was talking about it excitedly. They all wished they were a fly on the wall in the Walsh family's home so they could watch the show. No one noticed that Lucille, who was walking towards the exit, stopped in her tracks.
###Toward
Toward
Meanwhile, near the Walsh family's villa....
Rain was pouring down, and dark clouds were covering the sky.
The young man with bloodshot eyes was walking on the road with a knife. His shoulders were soaked, and his legs were injured from being beaten. He had a limp as he walked, but he firmly made his way toward the nearby villa. He had to get his revenge. He had to!
Ronald held the hilt of the knife in his hand tightly, and his mind was filled with the desire to drag the Walsh family down with him.
At that moment, the rain suddenly stopped pouring on him.
A black umbrella was opened behind him.
Ronald was stunned. He didn't look back, nor did he care who was holding the umbrella for him. He simply continued to move forward. One step, two steps.
When he finally got close, the tall courtyard wall and iron door of the Walsh family's villa blocked
his way.
This villa was solid like gold, with surveillance cameras inside and outside. There were also a lot of bodyguards, so he couldn't get in at all.
"Argh!" Ronald roared and punched the iron gate. The back of his hand immediately started bleeding, but he desperately slammed the door as if he could not feel the pain.
"Come out. You'd better get out here right now!"noveldrama
Ronald's eyes were scarlet and full of hatred,
The rain seemed to get heavier.
The pitter-patter of the rain drowned out his screaming.
Ronald slammed the iron gate violently like a mad beast who had lost all reason.
The umbrella above his head remained there while he went crazy.
Under the umbrella....
Lucille finally opened her mouth. Her voice remained indifferent and calm. "Do you want to go in? I can help you open this door."
As she spoke, she stepped forward. Somehow, the tightly locked door opened with a click, and the password was solved. The iron door opened automatically.
Ronald's eyes turned cold, and he was about to rush in with the knife in his hand,
Lucille spoke up again.
Toward
"Have you thought this true? You're going to get caught by the bodyguards, and you won't even have a chance to see your target. You're probably going to spend most of your life in prison in the future. Even if you get lucky and manage to kill someone, you'll have to pay for it with your life," she pointed out. "No matter how you look at it, it's not a good deal."
She continued, "You don't have to risk your life to get revenge. As long as you can hold back your impulsive thoughts for today, you will eventually stand here and watch your enemy kneel down and cry in front of you."
After Lucille finished speaking, she took a step back and added, "That's all. If you've made up your mind, you can go in."
Hearing that, Ronald, who was already making his way in, stopped in his tracks.
Did he hate his stepmother?
Of course, he did.
He wanted to rush in and slice her to pieces to avenge his mother.
However, Lucille had clearly laid out the pros and cons for him.
He was not afraid of losing his life, but what was the point of being impulsive? He wouldn't be able to lay a finger on that woman, let alone get revenge.
On top of that, there was not a single innocent person in the Walsh family. Only by destroying all of them could he get true revenge.
Ronald gritted his teeth tightly, and tears welled up in his scarlet eyes. Even so, he stepped backward gradually and allowed the iron gate to close again in front of his eyes.
"I'll wait and endure it."
One day, he would return and make the people inside pay the price hundreds of times over. Lucille raised her eyebrows, looking at the young man in front of her with a newfound gaze. If he had chosen to go in anyway, she wouldn't have bothered to help him. However, being able to hold back was a valuable trait.
Making an impulsive decision was easy. The difficult thing was to hold back so that he could strike back even harder in the future.
Lucille held her umbrella and walked back.
Ronald followed after her.
###Holding Up an Umbrella
Neither of them spoke, and they just made their way back silently.
After a long time, Ronald said in a hoarse voice, "Thank you."
He was grateful to her for holding up an umbrella for him in his darkest moments.
Lucille asked, "Where did you plan to move to?"
"Dilsburg."
That was Ronald's answer.
He had made a plan a long time ago. In Dilsburg, he just had to work hard. Eventually, he would
make it.
In the beginning, Zayla didn't agree. She always wanted him to finish his last semester in school, saying that it was a pity to give up.
It took him a lot of effort to convince Zayla. He thought that he was finally going to escape from the Walsh family's nightmare, but he didn't expect such a big change to happen the day before the
move.
If he had been a little earlier, even just by a bit, then maybe....
Ronald turned his face away and said in a hoarse and choked voice, "I have to go to the hospital.
He still had something to deal with.
"I'm sorry for your loss. Lucille stopped and looked calmly at the wide road in front of her. She slowly muttered, "It's already happened. I apologize, but I can't do anything about it."
"You have already helped me a lot." Ronald shook his head. He wasn't close to Lucille, nor did they have a history together. The fact that she had helped him many times was already a form of friendship. That was something he knew, at the very least. "What are you going to do next?" she asked.
"I'm still going to Dilsburg. There are so many influential families there. Even if the Walsh family wants to kill me, their influence isn't that wide. They won't be able to reach that far," he replied.
"It's a good place." Lucille closed her eyes. Darkness flashed across her eyes as she bluntly stated, "Ronald, help me with something."
Hearing that, Ronald was a little surprised. "I'm just a nobody. What can I do for you?"noveldrama
Lucille did not answer his question directly. She continued, "I'll give you money and connections. In two years, you have to make a name for yourself in Dilsburg. One day, when I need your help, you have to follow my orders. You can't fail. Can you do that?" The rain seemed to grow heavier.
Raindrops fell on their feet.
Hearing her ambitious yet casual tone, Ronald's heart beat faster and he asked subconsciously,"
Holding Up an Umbrella
What do you want to do?"
"The same thing as you.
She wouldn't let something like this slide without getting revenge.
Lucille answered easily as the corners of her lips curled into a faint smile.
Her grin was bright and cold, and her whole body was full of sharpness. Ronald understood.
He agreed without any hesitation. "Okay."
Lucille's offer was too tempting. Money and connections meant that he wouldn't have to go through that much trouble. He might be able to save as much as ten years of his time. Ronald looked at Lucille's fair and flawless side profile. More importantly... no matter what would happen in the future, he was willing to do whatever she asked him to do.
"Let's go," Lucille stuffed the umbrella into Ronald's hand and then raised her hand to hall two cabs. She got into one of them and told Ronald, "I'll see you off on the day you leave."
###Ronald nodded.
The two cabs went in different directions.
When Lucille returned to the Jules Residence, Molly rushed over happily. Seeing that she didn't have an umbrella, Molly raised her hands to shield her from the rain and complained, "Lucille, you went out in the rain again!" "It's fine."
Lucille stepped into the villa. She changed her shoes, took off her coat, and glanced into the living room. She saw no sign of Joseph, so she casually asked the maid beside her, "Is Joseph at home?
The maid answered with a smile, "Mr. Joseph is in the study on the second floor, Mrs. Collins."
"Oh, okay."
Lucille pondered for a moment before she went upstairs.
It just so happened that she had something to discuss with Joseph.
She had accepted the task regarding the missing cases in Niterol City and was going to set off at the end of the month. It would take at least ten days to half a month.
What kind of excuse was she going to come up with so that Joseph wouldn't suspect her? She needed to get him to agree for her to increase the dosage of the treatment. Lucille thought about it as she walked and soon arrived at the door of the study.
Waked Over Gracefully
Walked Over Gracefully
Speaking of which, it was her first time stepping into Joseph's study ever since the wall between their houses was torn down.
The door was very thick and had a double fingerprint password lock. The sound insulation was very good. She couldn't hear a single thing going on Inside even if she put her ear to the door.
Lucille was not interested in invading other people's privacy. She walked over gracefully and then raised her hand to knock on the door.
Knock, knock, knock.
Two seconds later, the door opened.
Culver walked out of the room and bowed to Lucille. "What's the matter, Mrs. Collins?"
"I'm looking for Joseph."
This time, Culver did not need to deliver the message. In the study, Joseph spoke in his low and magnetic voice. "Come in." Lucille walked in.
The study was very large. The few bookshelves inside were completely filled with books. The whole room was neat and spotless.
Sitting in front of the desk, Joseph casually threw a document into the drawer when Lucille came in. With a smile on his face, he asked lazily, "What is it, Honey?"
The way he addressed her was full of teasing.
Lucille ignored him and went straight to the point. "I'm here to tell you that the poison in your body will be completely suppressed in a few days as long as we increase the dosage. I'm going to visit Yoshua at the end of the month. If you don't mind, how about I adjust the dosage for you from today onward?"
Since it was a critical situation, she used Yoshua as a cover.
There was no excuse more effective than that.noveldrama
As expected, Joseph had no doubts at all. He agreed with a chuckle.
"It's up to you, Honey."
He was doing it again...
Lucille's face was calm and she didn't get shy at all She simply replied, "That's settled then." Then, she turned around and left the study.
Watching Lucille's retreating figure, Culver closed the door of the study room. After making sure that no one could hear him, he said, "Mr. Joseph, since Mrs. Collins can ensure that the toxins in your body won't act up for the next couple of days, then the task in Niterol City..
I'll accept it."
Walked Over Gracefully
22
There was no trace of a smile on Joseph's handsome face anymore. He stretched out his slender hand and retrieved the document that he had just thrown into the drawer.
There were all types of characters, symbols, numbers, and other things on it. Ordinary people would only think that it was just a messy document, but in reality, it was Morse code, which only a few people could understand.
If it were to be translated, the message that was sent would be...
"The missing person cases in Niterol City are of great importance. I hope that you can help, Lord
of Border!"
Joseph had a quick glance at it and slowly threw the document into the shredder.
There was the buzzing sound of metal-turning, and the pages of paper were completely turned. into shreds that could no longer be pieced together.
Joseph's slender fingers tapped on the surface of the table rhythmically. It was casual, yet filled with an innate sense of arrogance and nobility.
"Apparently, Lone Shadow will be accepting the task about the disappearances in Nitèrol City," he remarked.
The corners of Joseph's lips curled up into a smile. His eyes were so bright that one could not take their eyes off them..
"We're finally about to meet. I'm really... looking forward to it."
###"Achoo!"
In the bedroom separated by two walls, Lucille, who was explaining something to Molly, sneezed.
She had always been in good health, and it was rare for her to catch colds.
Because You Were in the Rain
Because You Were in the Rain
Lucille was surprised by her own sneeze.
Why did she feel like someone was insulting her?
Molly put her hands on her hips and said, "You must be sneezing because you were in the rain earlier, Lucille. This won't do. I'm going to talk to Madam Dahlia and ask her to make you a cup tea."
"There's no need..."
Lucille was just about to refuse when Molly rushed out of the room like a gust of wind.
It seemed that she had no choice but to drink the bitter tea.
Lucille shook her head. Since she had some free time, she called Hugo.
of
She had to leave Shein City for more than ten days, so she had to make sure things at Tech Connex Pavilion went well. There were certain things that she couldn't rest assured about without at least giving them some instructions.
Hugo quickly answered the phone. It was extremely noisy on the other end of the line, but there was a kind of unconcealable excitement, too.
"Boss! I was just about to call you. I didn't expect you to call me first! Hey, hey. Guess how much our half-day income was today," he prompted.
Lucille rubbed the space between her eyebrows and said in a helpless tone, "625 thousand."
All the transactions were linked to her card, and she received every single notification. How could
she not know?
"You're wrong!" Hugo corrected proudly. "When combined with payments in cash, it's a total of 880 thousand!"noveldrama
Their business was that popular?
Lucille smiled and praised him. "Good job. Keep working hard."
"Hehe!" Hugo chuckled in a cunning, excited manner. Without taking a moment to breathe, he blurted, "That video from yesterday blew up, remember? This morning, we opened up shop as usual. Many people who saw the video came over to see if it was a scam or not. I casually let them try out the mirror projection. After that, they were trapped inside and couldn't get out."
He continued, "Do you know why, Boss?"
Of course, Lucille knew the reason, but she couldn't bear to kill Hugo's mood, so she asked, "Why?"
"Because they experienced the happiness of dating their celebrity crushes in the mirror projection! Some people were finally able to touch the woman of their dreams, and some hugged their favorite celebrities. All of the people who came to expose us as a scam ended up coming out of the room in a blissful state."
After Hugo finished speaking, he thought of what had happened in Tech Connex Pavilion that day
Bercaud You Were in the Rain
and couldn't help laughing out lou
Actually, that wasn't all. On top of trying the mirror projection, there were also many bold
challengers who chose something even more exciting project. It was the holographic experience pods, where they could experience virtual reality.
However, they were all defeated without exception. Up to that point, no one had been able to pass both the levels.
Of course, most of the losers were not convinced, so the more they were defeated, the braver they became. They kept clamoring, which resulted in Tech Connex Pavilion earning a lot of money that day.
He was certain that from that day onward, there would be countless customers coming because of how famous their business had gotten.
Tech Connex Pavilion had finally gained popularity.
Lucille reminded him, "Don't bite off more than you can chew. Remember to restrain yourself."
"Got it, Boss. Don't worry!"
Hugo patted his chest and replied quickly.
Lucille nodded and replied, "In a few days, I'm going to leave Shein City for a while. You take care of yourselves while I'm away."
After a pause, she added, "Also, Robert is coming with me."
"Why don't you take me along with you, Boss? I can help, too!" Hugo offered.
He did not know what Lucille was going to do, nor was he the type to interrogate her. Despite that, if there was any danger, he would definitely be the first to rush to the forefront without hesitation. Lucille smiled and answered, "It's nothing. You just need to take care of things in Shein City."
The fewer people there were, the easier it would be to deal with the missing person cases in Niterol City.
When it came to Robert, however, there were no downsides to bringing him along.
Clam Bonus For Free Every Day
###Seemed Frail
She had dealt with everything that was necessary. That night, Lucille adjusted the intensity of Joseph's treatment.
Initially, she used the most conservative and safe method to suppress the toxins in his body. Although it took a long time, it wouldn't hurt as much.
However, during that period of time, Lucille discovered that even though Joseph's body seemed frail, like a sickly man who could be toppled by a gust of wind, the truth was that his endurance was amazing and he was as steady as a rock. The pain caused by the treatment felt like nothing more than a mosquito bite to him,noveldrama
Lucille was focused on treating Joseph when she saw the calm expression on his face out of the corner of her eye. She could not help but mutter, "If had known you were so tough, I wouldn't have been so gentle with you." Her voice was very soft, like a feather floating in the air that tickled his heart.
Joseph had been resting with his eyes closed. When he heard her, he opened his eyes and subtle amusement flashed across his gaze. "I didn't know my wife was so gentle and considerate." Considerate?
Lucille didn't refute him, but she exerted a little more force while treating him.
Despite the pain, Joseph did not even frown. There was even a hint of a grin on the corner of his mouth. He looked at Lucille. The gentleness in his eyes was like a spring breeze, filled with nothing but indulgence and affection. Lucille had seen that gaze before in someone else's eyes.
Subconsciously, she looked away and broke eye contact with him.
The atmosphere changed in an instant.
The harmonious interaction from before instantly turned cold.
Lucille was concentrating on the treatment. Her expression did not change, and she remained blank. However, her entire being exuded an aloof and icy aura that seemed to keep people thousands of miles away from her.
Even Joseph was unable to guess what was going on in her mind, However, his instincts told him that Lucille had suddenly gotten upset with him and was even trying her best to suppress her anger and sadness. It definitely had something to do with another man. Who was she thinking of?
Samuel?
In an instant, a frosty, murderous look flashed across Joseph's jet-black eyes. If Samuel was in
front of him right then, he probably would have stabbed him several times.
"Bobo."
Joseph looked at Lucille with a burning stare. There was still a subtle smile on his lips, but no matter how she looked at it, it was filled with a dangerous and overbearing aura..
Lucille was stunned for a moment and asked in confusion, "What are you doing?"
Joseph leaned over slightly.
The distance between them disappeared instantly.
The clear and fragrant scent of medicine on Joseph's body enveloped Lucille. When he leaned closer to her, she could even feel how his strong and beautiful figure was filled with a power that was enough to make her heart race.
His body was already very attractive, not to mention his face, which was devastatingly charming and dazzling.
Not only was he eye-catching, but he was also extremely attractive.
In the blink of an eye, Joseph's face was right in front of her, and a very light kiss was inadvertently dropped between her eyebrows.
Alarm bells went off in Lucille's mind and she backed off.
"What are you doing?"
However, Joseph did not seem apologetic in the slightest despite what he had done. His gorgeous eyes were deep and charming, and the crimson tinge to them intensified. His gaze was like an intoxicating glass of wine, full of affection, seduction, and a domineering vibe. He opened his thin lips and spoke word by word,
"Mrs. Collins, don't think of another man in front of me."
The way he called her "Mrs. Collins" was exceptionally harsh.
Lucille was totally confused.
Since when had she thought about another man?
Well... Actually, she had.
What did it have to do with him, though?
###Don't Let This Happen Again
Lucille put away her tools and raised her hand to wipe the spot on her forehead that he had kissed. She gritted her teeth and said, "Fine, I won't think about it in front of you, then. I'll go back to my room and take my sweet time!" After that, she grabbed her bag and was about to leave.
However, the more she thought about it, the angrier she became. She could not help but warn him. "Don't let this happen again, Joseph. Don't forget the third condition in our agreement."
The first rule they would not act intimate with each other unless they had to put on an act for others to see.
"Don't get too immersed. You're the one who used this agreement to restrain me in the first place! *Lucille took a deep breath and continued, "Our marriage contract is an agreement. I won't interfere with you, so don't interfere with me." With that, Lucille strode out.
However, just as her hand touched the door handle, Joseph's deep voice was heard from behind ber.
"Bobo, what if I told you that I'm not acting?"
What if he told her that he wasn't acting?
That he wasn't acting?
Lucille didn't dare to think too hard about what he meant. She twisted the door handle and ran away quickly.
Culver was carrying two cups of coffee upstairs. When he saw Lucille leaving in a hurry without looking back, he could not help but be stunned. He turned to look at Joseph in the bedroom and asked, "Mr. Joseph, what's wrong with Mrs. Collins?" Joseph didn't answer.
He looked like he was in a good mood, but then he seemed to have thought of something and the smile in his eyes disappeared. He casually asked, "What has that good-for-nothing in the Gilbert family been doing recently?"
The good-for-nothing in the Gilbert family? Who was he talking about?
Culver couldn't react for a moment. He was dazed for two seconds before he figured out what was going on. He quickly replied, "Samuel has officially taken over the Gilbert family's business. Most recently, he invested in Howard's large-scale entertainment project. Currently, the project is in the initial stage of development."
Joseph raised his eyebrows and asked, "Is the project located on the land near Mount Ocean House?"
"Yes, Mr. Joseph," Culver replied respectfully. "Apparently, Howard spent a lot of money this time, saying that he wanted to create the largest amusement park in the world. Two days ago, Howard Happen Again
also made a request to see you. I guess he wants to get you to invest."
Joseph had a faint grin on his face. "Let's help him, then. Help him find a few people to be his investors. It'd be best if they're all from the Gilbert family."
Culver gasped when he heard that.
The Gilbert family had already invested ten billion dollars. If they continued to invest, they would lose all their money!
Culver questioned, "Mr. Joseph, what if this project succeeds?"
"That's impossible."
Joseph's gaze was indifferent, and his posture was lazy and thoughtful. "That piece of land does indeed have a good location, but Howard and Samuel have put all their eggs in the wrong basket. After all, Tech Connex Pavilion is just two kilometers away." "Mr. Joseph, is the newly opened Tech Connex Pavilion really that powerful?" Culver did not believe it.
Joseph glanced at him and stated, "Believe it or not, they'll be able to purchase every building on that street within half a year."
"I believe it." If someone else were to say that, Culver would definitely have scoffed. However, since it was Joseph, it would definitely come true.
It seemed that he had to go in and have a look when he had time. He wanted to see what was so extraordinary about Tech Connex Pavilion.
In the bedroom a wall away, Lucille was lying on the big bed after taking a shower.
She closed her eyes and was about to sleep, but her mind was full of all kinds of images that she couldn't get rid of.
There seemed to be a voice echoing in her
mission. With a smile, the man had saidars from the night before she completed her last
In the end, however, she couldn't go banoveldrama
"I'll wait for you to come back, Bobo."
Lucille turned over and desperately covered her ears.
At that moment, someone knocked on the door.
Culver's voice was heard from outside. "Are you asleep, Mrs. Collins? Mr. Joseph asked you to look out the window." Silence
###Silence
What was she supposed to look at so late in the night?
Lucille couldn't be bothered to get up. When she thought of how Joseph's ambiguous kiss, she retorted, "I'm going to sleep!"
After saying that, there was no sound outside the door.
It was late at night, and it was silent outside the villa.
She tossed and turned, unable to fall asleep no matter how hard she tried.
As long as she closed her eyes, she would think of everything that happened in Dilsburg.
She would think of... that person.
"Frank," she murmured.
"I wonder how you're doing?"
She raised her hand to touch the light in front of her. However, at that moment, a loud noise came
from outside the window.
Bang!
What was going on? Was there an attack?
Lucille got up and immediately ran to the window to open the curtains.
A bunch of fireworks lit up the dark night sky.
The moment she opened the curtains, the fireworks exploded all over the sky at once. The colorful, gorgeous, and dazzling fireworks illuminated the gloomy night sky.
Everything in front of her was breathtakingly beautiful.
Lucille looked at the fireworks outside the window in surprise.
Bang, bang, bang! The sounds lasted for a long time.
When Lucille subconsciously turned her head, she saw Joseph standing on the balcony of his bedroom, holding the little cat, whose name was Lala, in his arms. Under the gorgeous light of the fireworks, the man's eyebrows seemed even more handsome. His every move was arrogant and noble, which was intimidating like a god.
He had been staring at her the whole time she was watching the fireworks.
Joseph's gaze was burning, deep, and elusive. If one were to look carefully, one would find it to be a little aggressive, dangerous, and alluring.
Lucille's heart skipped a beat.
For some reason, she felt that after performing the treatment that day, the relationship between her and Joseph had become much more subtle. Particularly, he had said...
"Mrs. Collins, don't think of another man in front of me."
"Bobo, what if I told you that I'm not acting?"
Every word seemed to be progressing their relationship in an uncontrollable direction.
Lucille turned her head away. She spun around and returned to her room. She then closed the curtains, blocking Joseph's line of sight to her, as well as the grand and gorgeous fireworks outside.
For the whole night, the fireworks never stopped.
It was loud, but Lucille slept soundly. Her thoughts about that person had been interrupted by the noise outside the window.
She had stopped thinking completely.
For once, Lucille got a good night's sleep.
For the next few days, Lucille trained as usual.
She was cruel to others, but she was even harder on herself. After training for a few hours every day, she would sweat profusely. Even Molly couldn't help shaking her head when she saw that. She sighed, saying that Lucille was basically torturing herself. The process was difficult, but Lucille was very satisfied.noveldrama
At the very least, she was gradually regaining her old skills. Currently, she had barely reached 60 percent.
Even so, that was far from enough,
After Lucille finished her training and wiped her sweat off, she went back to her room to take a shower and change her clothes before going downstairs to have breakfast.
As soon as she sat down at the dining table, a shadow engulfed her. In a flash, Joseph sat across from her with a smile.
The man had a devilishly handsome face. His thin lips were parted slightly, and his smile was enticing.
"Good morning, Bobo."
Lucille did not reply.
###Any Chance to Stop Her
1/
Any Chance to Stop Her
She disregarded the dining etiquette that she had been taught since she was a child and wolfed down the sandwich in front of her. She picked up the glass and drank up all the milk. Then, she got up and said, "I'm full. Take your time."
After saying that, she left quickly and did not give Joseph any chance to stop her.
Was she avoiding him?
Through the floor-length window, Joseph watched Lucille's graceful and straightforward figure walk away. He massaged the space between his eyebrows.
His tone was helpless, yet tinged with a doting aura that even he didn't notice. He mumbled," She's got no conscience."
Lucille took a cab to the station.
She had nothing else to do that day, so she went to see Ronald off.
When Lucille arrived at the station, Ronald was at the entrance with a small black suitcase.
In just a few days, the young man who had gone through all kinds of experiences seemed to have grown up overnight. He had lost much of his youthful appearance. From a distance, his handsome face became a little more determined, and even his eyes were a little gloomy.
Lucille walked over.
At that moment, Ronald was attentively staring at the sign on the side.;
She glanced at it and saw that the advertisement on it contained an aerial view of Shein City. There were also a few small lines briefly introducing the special characteristics of the city.
"I'm sure you're not willing to leave a place that you've been staying in ever since you were young," Lucille remarked with a grin.
Ronald came to his senses. A trace of surprise flashed across his face because Lucille said he wasn't willing, not that he was hesitant.
She saw right through him.
He gave her a smile in return and noncommittally replied, 'A little, but it doesn't matter. I will come back sooner or later."
"Yes, I'm sure you will." Lucille took out some papers from her bag and calmly explained, "There is a detailed description of the various families in Dilsburg and their backgrounds. If you can make use of these people in the future, then do your best It'll be beneficial for you." The stack of papers was very thick, and each sheet was written in great detail. It even included some of the family secrets that the outside world did not know of.
Ronald was slightly shocked.
How did Lucille know so many secrets?
Any Chance to Stop Her
22
It was as if she had grown up in Dilsburg.
Of course, he did not ask. Just like how Lucille understood what he was thinking, he also knew that she would not answer him.
"There's a card here. It only has five million inside. It'll be your start-up funds." Lucille stuffed the card into Ronald's hand and casually stated, "Every now and then, I'll transfer a sum of money to this card. The passcode is on the back. You can use it however you like. You don't have to save money for my sake." Her tone was totally natural as if five million was nothing much at all.
Even though they had made an agreement, Ronald was still shocked. He could not help but ask, Lucille, aren't you scared?"
"Scared of what?"
Lucille had a puzzled look on her face.
Ronald gritted his teeth and said, "Aren't you scared that I'll take your money and run away? Aren't you afraid that I'll fail? What if you give me all these connections and money, and I still fail?"
His voice was anxious and urgent. It was as if the question was coming from his soulnoveldrama
However, Lucille smiled. With confidence and trust, she easily replied, "I believe in you."
Those four words seemed to carry a scorching heat with them.
Ronald's heart felt as if it had been slammed into.
He held back the tears in his eyes. Before Lucille could react, he reached out and gently hugged her. He immediately released her and said, "Then I'll prove you right." After that, he turned and walked toward the pit stop.
With his slender figure, he looked like a crane in a flock of chickens. He was extremely eye-catching.
Every step he took was intensely firm.
Even though he was about to set foot into the prosperous Dilsburg, which he was unfamiliar with, he did not feel embarrassed at all.
Lucille blinked.
She hadn't finished speaking yet. In fact, what she wanted to say was that she believed in him, but if he couldn't do it, she would find someone else who could. However, it seemed that... Ronald misunderstood something. She shook her head and turned to leave.
###Make Them Feel Welcome
Make Them Feel Welcome
When she walked to the side of the road and was about to take a cab back, Lucille felt bored and took out her phone to check the time. However, when she checked her notifications, she found that everyone was talking passionately in the group chat created by Hugo a few days ago.
Hugo said: "Come on, guys. There are more customers than usual. Many of them came here in groups of three to five after falling last time. Let's make them feel welcome!"
James replied: "Look at the smile I practiced. Is It professional and passionate enough?"
Then, he sent a selfie with a bright smile that showed off all his teeth.
Upon seeing the photo, everyone replied: "James, don't smile again. It's terrifying."
When James read that, he immediately began to fight with them.
All sorts of stickers were being sent in the group chat.
Lucille wanted to laugh when she saw that.
top
When she was about to put away her mobile phone, Hugo seemed to be unable to control them. Thus, he typed: "Hey, I wonder what Boss is doing now." Lucille replied: "I'm waiting for a cab."
She had been standing under the sun for several minutes, but she hadn't seen a single cab.
It was rare for Lucille to send a message in the group chat. James and the other subordinates stopped the sticker war.
James asked: 'A cab? You're taking a cab, Boss? Absolutely not. I'm going to get to work so I can drive the most luxurious car in the world for you, Boss!" The others agreed.
"Let's all get to work so we can make money and buy a car for Boss!"
"Yes. It should be the most expensive one!"
As a result, the group chat that was filled with over 99 notifications just a second ago went totally silent in an instant.
Even though Lucille was already used to their careless and unrestrained personalities, when she saw these words, her heart was filled with warmth...
Only they had faith in her and followed her unconditionally.
Soon, it was the end of the month...
It was time to set off for Niterol City.
Over the past few days, Lucille had already suppressed the poison in Joseph's body. After the last treatment session, Lucille reminded him, "Your pulse rate is good. As long as you follow what I Make Them Feel Welcome
said, the toxins won't act up again."
Lucille had already warried him about what he needed to keep in mind, so she didn't intend to repeat herself.noveldrama
However, just as Lucille was about to leave after putting away her tools, Joseph, who was leaning against the soft couch, called out to her.
"Bobo, what was it that I have to do? I forgot."
How could he forget something that concerned his life?
Lucille stopped in her tracks and looked at Joseph.
She saw him leaning against the soft couch with a faint smile on his face. His eyes were still crystal clear, and his features were exquisite and eye-catching. However, for some reason, Lucille had a nagging feeling that after the poison was suppressed and Joseph's body went back to normal, his devilish aura had grown even stronger.
There was a subtle grin on his lips while he stared at her. It was enough to make one's heart beat faster.
No wonder those rich young ladies in Shein City all wanted to marry him.
Lucille felt that someone would steal him away sooner or later.
Either way, she and Joseph only shared an agreement. When the contract ended one day, there, would no longer be any relationship between them,
###My Instructions
Lucille twisted the door handle. Before she walked out, she patiently reminded him again, "Avoid cold food and don't engage in any inappropriate activity. Those are the main two things for now." After a pause, she added, "I'm flying to Yoshua's place tonight. You have to
remember my instructions. I don't want your toxins to act up again when I get back."
It took her a lot of effort to suppress the toxins. She didn't want it all to be for nothing, nor did she want him to ruin her reputation.
Joseph chuckled and answered calmly, "Don't worry. I won't let you be a widow at such a young age."
Lucille shut the door and left in a hurry.
She had already packed her luggage the day before, When Madam Dahlia heard that Lucille was going to Yoshua's place, she nodded repeatedly and said, "That's good. Mr. Yoshua has always been good to you, Miss Jules. You two haven't seen each other for a long time, so it's about time that you meet up."
Lucille raised an eyebrow.
She had to admit that using Yoshua as a cover was definitely effective. At the very least, it would not arouse suspicion.
Before leaving, Lucille called Molly over and warned her in a gentle voice, "Be obedient and listen to Madam Dahlia. Don't run around. If there is anything you can't handle, go look for Mr. Joseph next door."
Lucille was worried that if the Jules family or Zoey decided to cause trouble while she was away, Molly might end up making a bad decision due to that temper of hers.
No matter what, at least Joseph would take care of Molly for Lucille's sake.
Molly nodded and replied obediently, "Don't worry. I'll be a good girl and wait for you to come back.
After that, Molly took a look at the villa next door. She covered her mouth and whispered, "Bobo, 17 heard Madam Dahlia say that Mr. Joseph is heading out, too. Apparently, he's going on a business trip." Joseph was heading out, too?
Lucille was stunned for a moment, but on second thought, she realized that Joseph was the one in charge of the Collins family in the first place. His responsibility had only been given to other members of the Collins family because he was in poor health after getting poisoned.
Since the toxins were suppressed and his body was temporarily back to normal, he probably wouldn't want to stay idle every day.
Lucille didn't think much about it and went downstairs with only a few bags of luggage.
Madam Dahlia followed behind her and warned, 'Be careful, Miss Jules. Remember to call me
My Instructions
when you arrive."
"Got it."
22
Lucille rejected Culver's offer to arrange a driver to send her to the airport. She took a cab and headed straight over.
Robert was already waiting at the entrance.
He was wearing a navy blue suit, which made his tall figure look imposing and straight. His appearance was perfect and stunning. To top it all off, he had an outstanding aura. Within the ten minutes that Robert spent standing at the airport gate, he had attracted the attention of many girls.noveldrama
When Lucille was walking towards Robert, she saw him politely and gracefully rejecting a girl who had come to hit on him.
The girl didn't want to give up. After being rejected, she didn't leave. She still looked up at Robert and pleaded, "I just want your contact information. I won't bother you, I promise. Njust want to make friends with you. Is that okay?" "Sorry, but no."
He said those direct words in the most gentle tone.
It was completely merciless.
The girl stomped her feet in anger. Just as she was about to leave, she saw Lucille approaching Robert.
She thought that Lucille was here to hit on him, so she sneered and waited. She crossed her arms over her chest and told Lucille, "You should just give up. This handsome guy is like a brick wall. He's so stubborn. Does an ugly woman like you really want to hit on him? Tsk, tsk. Go back and take a look in the mirror!" Indeed, Lucille had changed her appearance once again.
After she got in the cab and left the Jules Residence, she disguised herself with... a face that was difficult to describe. She was neither good-looking nor ugly. She just looked plain. Lucille blinked and took another step toward Robert.
###Smile
Lucille didn't expect Robert to recognize her. However, when she took two steps closer, Robert, who had his back to her, suddenly turned around.
He naturally took the luggage from her hand. The corner of his mouth curved into a smile, and his voice was gentle and calm like the sound of nature
"I shouldn't be letting you carry such heavy things, Miss Jules."
Upon hearing that, the face of the girl who was about to laugh at Lucille turned red. She angrily grumbled, "There's something wrong with this guy's taste. He rejected a beautiful girl like me and instead decided to date someone so ugly. Hmph." The girl apparently regarded Lucille and Robert as a couple.
When he called her "Miss Jules", she only regarded it as a joke between lovers.
The corner of Lucille's eye twitched. She had been surprised by how Robert had recognized her, but she couldn't be bothered to ask after the girl interrupted her. "Let's go in."
"Okay"
Robert ignored the girl and followed closely behind with Lucille's luggage.
The two of them entered the airport. While they were going through the procedures, Lucille accidentally raised her head and caught a glimpse of Howard.
Surprisingly enough, there was a charming middle-aged woman beside Howard. The two of them were talking and laughing, and they seemed intimate with each other. Obviously, their relationship was not ordinary.
A playful grin tugged at the corners of Lucille's lips.
It seemed that Howard was looking for another wife.
In that cas
case, it wouldn't be long until there was another woman in the Jules family.
It was none of her business, though.
Lucille looked away.
They quickly completed the procedures and Lucille boarded the plane with Robert.
It was only a two-hour flight from Shein City to Niterol City.
At 10 o'clock at night, the plane landed steadily.
Lucille and Robert walked out of the airport in Niterol City.
The night was dark.
There were not many cars on the wide road outside the airport.
In the distance, tall buildings were towering over the city, and the neon lights were shining brightly.noveldrama
Nobody would have thought that there was something ugly happening in the beautiful nightscape The mission had officially begun.
Before going, Lucille had carefully gone through the mission and written down all the information. on the missing people.
There were a total of 17.
Among them, the oldest was no more than 28 years old, and the youngest was only 18 years old. All of them had different backgrounds and personalities. The only two similarities were that the missing people were all young and that they had been wandering around the city.
Some of them had come to work in Niterol City. Some of them had left the house on their own after arguing with their parents. Some of them were just poor refugees.
No one cared about them.
That was also the reason why nobody noticed that they were missing immediately.
That period of time was enough for the culprits to transport them to another location, so it was difficult to find out where they were.
It indicated that there had to be an organization behind the scenes, and there were a lot of people. involved. Otherwise, they wouldn't be so meticulous and leave no traces behind.
More importantly, they were only choosing young people as their victims.
Lucille's eyes were calm.
This time, she was going to use herself as bait to lure the mastermind out.
Therefore, she changed her appearance. She brought her luggage and wore plain clothes to disguise herself as a lone woman who had an argument with her parents or maybe her lover. That would attract attention to her. Then, she would become their target.
Before taking a cab to leave the airport, Lucille looked Robert up and down and stated, "You're too eye-catching. You have to change your clothes."
With that, Lucille took out a new set of clothes from her backpack and handed it to him.
"Come on. Try the clothes on."
That was what she had prepared before she came,
To a Comer
He should be able to pass as an introverted homebody if he wore a hoodie and jeans, right?
Robert smiled slightly. "Okay."
He did not to Lucille's words. He took the clothes and walked to a corner. In less than two minutes, he came back in the clothes he had changed. Lucille turned her head to look.
Under the street lamp, Robert stood upright. Even if he was wearing the cheap clothes she bought for 20 dollars, they still couldn't conceal his aura.
She couldn't help but sigh. It was true that clothes were what defined a person, but when it was at man with a good figure and a handsome face, he still looked incredibly attractive despite being a robot. She had made a mistake.
Lucille looked at Robert's face and said, "It's not enough. I have to change your appearance a bit
more."
Fortunately, she was well-prepared and had all the tools she needed for disguise.
Robert did not resist at all, allowing Lucille to smear products onto his face.
There e was
no difference between his artificial skin and real skin. It didn't affect the disguise and makeup at all.
A few minutes later, the handsome man was gone. Lucille had used her superb disguise skills to turn him into an average-looking homebody.
Lucille was satisfied.
"That's right. Lower your head a bit more. Yes, that's it. You definitely look the part now," she commented.
Robert's level of comprehension was extremely high. Not only did he lower his head, but he also changed his expression. He deliberately pretended to be timid, which was exactly the same image that Lucille wanted for him. After that, Lucille put on her newly developed earpiece. It was a mini communication device so that she could communicate without anyone noticing.
Once she found the missing person and confirmed the identity of the person behind the scenes, she had to rely on it to contact the outside world.
Robert also took one of the devices and stuffed it into his ear.
When everything was ready, the two of them took a cab. After leaving the airport, they came to a dark alley in the city.
"Let's split up."
Lucille shot Robert a look
He understood and walked towards the entrance of the alley with his hands in his pockets..
Lucille went to a nearby hotel.
That was where she predicted that the mastermind might have set up some sples. There were no surveillance cameras around, and there weren't many pedestrians on the road. It was the perfect.
spot.
The entrance of the alley that Robert had headed toward was the same. There was some shelter there, so there were more people wandering around. Those were all places where the mastermind might take action. Even so, Niterol City was so big that Lucille was not sure if her predictions were right.
She could only put on an act and wait.
She had to act like a drunk girl with nowhere to go.
All the while, she was purposely waiting for someone to set up a trap.
In the next three days, everyone passing by the hotel could see a drunk girl sitting in the corner with a bottle in her hands, complaining to herself while she drank.
"B*stard. What's so good about you? Do you think can't live without you? I'm telling you, I'm going to get together with someone else tomorrow. I'll make you regret it for the rest of your life! Sob, sob! You heartless b*stard!"
Hearing that, the passers-by frowned and shook their heads. They looked at the girl with disdain and whispered, "Young ladies nowadays are really something. Not only did she fall in love at such a young age, but she's drinking so much. She really doesn't know how to value herself." "That's right. If she keeps going like this, she's going to suffer sooner or later!"
way quickly
The two passers-by muttered to themselves, then covered their noses and walked away
The person sitting in the corner was Lucille.
When she heard them whispering, she couldn't help but sigh in her heart.
It had been three days. Three whole days had passed. She had been waiting for the group of people to attack her, but no matter how thoroughly she played the part of a homeless girl, the mastermind never showed up.
Lucille stood up from the corner of the wall and staggered into a dark alley.
It seemed that she had to go somewhere else.
However, the moment Lucille stood up, she was keenly aware that there were a few more pairs of eyes spying on her from behind. The stares fixated on her back made her scalp go numb.
They were finally here!
The corners of Lucille's lips curled up.
###Pungent Smell of Alcohol
At times like this, she couldn't afford to be careless.
Lucille stumbled forward, raised the bottle in her hand, and took another swig.
If she had any weakness, it was that she couldn't hold her alcohol. That was why Lucille's bottle was filled with water. However, she had deliberately doused her body in a scent to give off the pungent smell of alcohol. Lucille coughed as she walked, pretending to choke on the alcohol.
She stumbled into the deep alley and then used the communication device hidden in her ear to send a message to Robert.
"The target has appeared. Hurry over."
Lucille's plan was that regardless of whether it was Robert or her, as long as either of them was kidnapped by the mastermind behind the scenes, the other would pretend to pass by and get taken away by the same group of people.
In particular, Robert had a tiny camera on his body. All the footage he had captured would be transmitted to Benjamin. That way, they could reserve the evidence on a larger scale to convict the mastermind behind the scenes. Lucille appeared severely drunk. She couldn't walk straight and moved very slowly.
At that moment, three men were sitting in a cargo truck not far away.
One of the men, who had a scar on his face, looked at Lucille's back. He licked his lips and remarked, "I've been watching her for several days. Although she's not that pretty, her figure is very good! I want to pinch that slender waist of hers." kare you
sure that this girl doesn't have some kind of background?" Another person
frowned and murmured, "Don't make a mistake."noveldrama
"I'm sure!" Derrick replied unhappily. "It's not like it's my first time observing someone. I've caught so many single people. How can you not trust me?"
The man thought about it. It was true, so he started the car and told Derrick and another companion, "Let's make a move, then. After we finish up with this one, we can go back and divide the money. Remember to be quick." "Okay, okay. Got it!"
Derrick couldn't wait any longer and immediately jumped out of the car.
Outside the entrance of the alley, Lucille leaned against the wall and walked forward. Suddenly, she heard someone pushing a cart as they approach her from behind.
She pretended to turn her head in a dazed manner, only to see two men in overalls pushing a box toward her. It seemed that they were moving something.
Lucille's brows twitched.
Lucille's brows twitched.
Punoond Smelt of Alcohol
"D*mn it."
They had 'come faster than she had imagined.
However, there was no other movement in the alley, which meant that Robert had not arrived yet.
Thus, she had to find a way to delay them for a minute or two.
Countless thoughts flashed across Lucille's mind, but she still looked like she was drunk and in a daze.
Since she was a drunkard, she wouldn't act according to common sense.
Lucille pushed the bottle forward, pointing at one of the men, and began to drink crazily. "Come on. Cheers! Let's celebrate that I left that jerk and finally ended my suffering. From now on-" However, before she could finish her words, a pair of hands with defined joints suddenly reached out from behind her and took away her wine bottle.
Under Lucille's astonished gaze, the man in front of her, who had walked out of the dark alley, had a clear look in his eyes. He smiled at her and said, "Stop fooling around, babe. Let's go home." Lucille was stunned.
Who was that?!
Not only had he suddenly appeared, he even totally messed up her train of thought. What's more, he was pretending to be her boyfriend.
Lucille wasn't the only one who was confused by what was going on. Even the two men beside her, who had already taken out a towel and were about to lay their hands on Lucille, were stunned. The situation had suddenly gotten complicated.
Derrick made up his mind and decided to go through with it. He told his companions, "Whatever. Let's take them away together!"
Thus, they covered both Lucille's and the man's faces with the towels.
Lucille immediately smelled the chloroform on the cloth.
It was so heavy that even the tiniest sniff would knock her out for hours.
###When He Fell Down
Lucille didn't want to be unconscious for that long, so she fell to the ground.
The man seemed to struggle for a moment, but he couldn't stop himself from breathing in the chloroform. Then, he collapsed.
Maybe it was a coincidence, but when the man fell down, his body just happened to be pressed on Lucille's. His tall figure almost completely covered her.
Derrick, who wanted to use the opportunity to take advantage of Lucille, had no choice but to give
1. up.
Another companion urged him, "Hurry up, let's go."
They put Lucille and the man into a cardboard box, closed it, and got into the car.
The truck was bumpy, and clanging sounds rang in her ears, which sounded hypnotizing.
Lucille opened her eyes slightly and immediately saw the man lying on top of her.
The man's hair was black and his skin was very good. At first glance, he looked like a delicate and pretty boy.
Lucille wanted to push him away, but she had underestimated the strength of the chloroform. Even though she had held her breath, and only inhaled a little, she felt incredibly dizzy. She couldn't even raise her hand. She wasn't fully conscious.noveldrama
Before she passed out again, Lucille heard Benjamin's voice through the communication device in
her ear.
He told her, "Lucille, Lord of Border, Kylian, has accepted this task as well. Did you encounter him?" Kylian?
The top military king, Kylian?
That legendary big shot who had murdered countless enemies?
Before Lucille passed out, she cursed internally.
Why hadn't Benjamin, that idiot, told her earlier?
When Lucille woke up again, two hours had passed
She kept hearing a voice in her communication device.
Robert, who had failed to successfully meet up with Lucille, kept saying, "Are you okay, Miss Jules? At first, I was stopped by a homeless person while rushing over. I was delayed for just a minute, and then you were gone by the time I arrived. I'll go to you right now. Don't be afraid, Miss Jules."
When He Fell Down
Upon listening carefully, Robert's voice was trembling slightly.
When she was taken away by the kidnappers, he couldn't get there in time as they had planned, and he was blaming himself for it.
Lucille lowered her voice and replied, "I'm fine. Move on to the second step in the plan. Don't worry about me."
Accidents like this were bound to happen, so she had more than one plan.
She had already taken unexpected incidents into consideration before she went there.
Robert, who had finally heard Lucille's voice after two hours, was relieved and murmured, "Okay, Miss Jules. Be careful!" "Okay."
Lucille cut off the connection with Robert.
She sat up and found that she was still in the car.
The drive was extremely bumpy. Obviously, they were driving toward an increasingly remote place.
Lucille looked around the interior and her gaze fell on the man across from her.
The man wore a very simple white shirt, which was stained with a lot of dirt, and there was a footprint on his back. After she fainted, Derrick wanted to take advantage of her but was unable to. Out of frustration, he kicked the man's body as if he was venting his anger. He looked like a mess, but the man's face was calm and his whole body was noble. His aura was so strong that she couldn't take her eyes off him.
Lucille calmed herself down. The car was so bumpy that the kidnappers sitting in front of them couldn't hear them at all, so there was nothing to worry about.
She decided not to pretend anymore. She looked at the man and stated, "Kylian? I've heard a lot about you."
###Formal Meeting
The man was not surprised that Lucille knew his identity.
The corners of his mouth curled up. With a faint smile, he replied, "I didn't expect that Lone Shadow, the undefeated king of mercenaries, was actually a girl."
Was this their first formal meeting?
Lucille looked away and did not reply.noveldrama
The point was that they had been successfully taken away by those people. Lucille's current plan was to wait until they arrived at the mastermind's lair scenes and found all the missing people. Then, she would cooperate with Robert to ensure the victims' safety as much as possible.
Naturally, since she now had Kylian on her side, they had a higher chance of succeeding.
Before the truck stopped, there were some things that had to be discussed in advance. Lucille looked at Kylian, who had also changed his appearance, and stated, "Since we have the same goal, then we have to cooperate. Let's have a proper discussion first. From now on, should you be the one in charge, or should it be me?"
Without much hesitation, he answered, "It's up to you.
Lucille could not help but feel surprised.
She initially thought that unfathomable and elusive people like Kylian would be used to being in charge, so it would be impossible for her to order them around.
Because of that, she was prepared to act alone.
She didn't expect him to answer so quickly.
Just as Lucille was still in a daze, the man's slender hand reached over. There was a faint smile on his mouth, and his eyes shone brightly. I'm looking forward to working with you."
"Me too."
Lucille also reached out her hand.
The two of them shook each other's hands.
When Kylian retracted his hand, he was stunned for a moment, and an imperceptible glint flashed through his eyes. Maybe he was mistaken, but when he shook hands with the girl in front of him, the warmth of her palm felt vaguely familiar.
He looked at Lucille and saw that she was fair-skinned with a slim and beautiful neck. However, her face was ordinary and not outstanding at all. It could only be described as plain.
It was obvious that she had changed her appearance.
Sensing the man's gaze, Lucille asked, "What's wrong?"
"Nothing."
Kylian looked down thoughtfully.
Formal Meeting.
Lucille could not figure out what he was thinking. She could only guess that he was curious about
Mher face.
At that point, however, they had a solid understanding of each other. Much like how his face was the product of expert disguise skills, she was the same.
They wouldn't question each other.
There was dead silence in the car.
At that time, the bumpy truck began to slow down and soon stopped.
Had they arrived at their destination?
Lucille and Kylian looked at each other. They each leaned on opposite sides of the car so that they could continue pretending to be unconscious when the men came to open the door. After all, the average person would be unconscious for at least five or six hours after inhaling the chloroform earlier. It was impossible to wake up after just an hour or two like they had. Time ticked by, but no one came to open the back door of the car.
Despite that, the men outside seemed to be communicating with someone. Lucille and Kylian could hear their voices from the inside.
"We've got the goods. There are two of them this time! Oh, yes. There won't be any problems. We were very careful along the way, and we completely erased our trails." Derrick was talking to someone. It seemed that they had reached an agreement, and both sides ended the topic happily.
"Okay, then we'll leave since we're done with our work. Let's go back and divide the money."
Before leaving, Derrick looked at the truck and smacked his lips unwillingly. 'It's a pity that I didn't get to touch the girl in the car, though..."
Not long after, the truck started up again.
###Different People
This time, however, someone else was driving.
Lucille frowned. She didn't expect the organization to be so strict. They periodically switched tasks. Not only had they disguised the car, they would even get different people to drive it.
That way, all the people at the bottom of the food chain had to do was collect their pay. The real mastermind behind the scenes was untouchable, and there was no way they could get to the heart of the problem. It was useless to arrest and interrogate Derrick and the others.
The car continued driving farther away. It was possible that they would leave Niterol City in
another hour or two.
The miniature communication device in Lucille's ear had a location function. No matter how the truck was disguised or where it drove to, Robert would track it down.
Lucille was not worried at all. Finally...
The truck stopped after an hour.
With a clanging sound, the truck was opened from the outside. Lucille and Kylian looked at each other and immediately lay down. They pretended that they had just woken up. It was time to put on an act again.noveldrama
After the two men with masks opened the truck, Lucille pretended to shiver and said in a trembling voice, "Where is this? Who are you? Help, help!"
She shouted at the top of her voice.
The two men with masks had no expression on their faces. "I advise you to conserve your strength, young lady. Even if you scream, no one will come to save you here."
As they spoke, they took ropes and tied Lucille's hands by force. Then, they pushed her out of the truck.
It wasn't a high fall, but it would definitely hurt if she fell down.
Lucille would not be so silly as to allow herself to suffer an injury for no reason. She pretended to get pushed down, but in reality, her movements were light and she landed firmly on the ground. After landing, she pretended to fall and let out a yell
"Ah!"
Then, the two men with scarves on their faces walked toward Kylian and said in a scornful voice, It's your turn, pretty boy."
Kylian got out of the carriage before they could do anything. He rushed straight to Lucille's side. and tried to shield her without much confidence. "Don't worry. I'll protect you!"
Lucille's eyelid twitched.
Different People
His acting was certainly Oscar-worthy. He played the perfect part of a pretty boy.
Hearing that, the two masked men immediately snorted and said with a twisted smile, "It turns out that they're a couple. Lock them up together, then! This guy can't even protect himself, but he still wants to be a knight in shining armor? Hmph." After that, another man stepped forward. He covered Lucille's and Kylian's eyes with a piece of black cloth and then pushed them forward.
There was nothing but darkness in front of him, and he couldn't see anything.
Based on the address of her location tracker, Lucille knew that she was still in Niterol City, but she was surrounded by remote mountains and forests. No one would go to a place like that. Lucille was pushed into somewhere.
She couldn't see anything, but she could hear the sound of the assembly line and the slicing of machines, as well as the smell of wood floating in the air. It was probably a wood factory. Lucille kept that in mind.
Then, she and Kylian were pushed into an elevator.
The elevator went down
From the looks of it, it was a wood factory on the surface, but there were some shady things happening underground.
When they reached the basement, the man opened the iron door and shouted, "Come pick up the goods, Agnes!" "Coming, coming."
It was the voice of an elderly woman.
The two men who were escorting them seemed to have completed their task. They turned around and left. Then, they closed the heavy iron door and sealed the only entrance and exit to the basement.
The black cloth covering Lucille's eyes was finally removed.
###Please Let Us Go
Please Let Us Gonoveldrama
She opened her eyes and saw an old woman in front of her. She was smiling on the surface, but she seemed ugly and vulgar. The skin on her face was wrinkled, which made her look particularly mean.
That must have been Agnes, who the two men were referring to earlier.
Lucille pretended to tremble and begged, "Please let us go. I'll give you as much money as you want!"
Agnes was all smiles, but she pulled Lucille to the side. As she searched Lucille's body, she said darkly, "You won't be able to escape. Young lady, since you're here, you'd better behave yourself. If you don't listen to me, I'll teach you a lesson!" Lucille seemed to be trying her best to hold back her tears. It was as if she was so frightened that she didn't even dare to cry.
Seeing that she was obedient, Agnes was a little satisfied.
She searched her body but found nothing.
Of course, she couldn't find anything.
Lucille had long guessed that things would turn out this way. That was why she had created a mini communication device that could be hidden in her ears before this
mission. No one would be able to detect such a small .
Agnes walked to the side and looked up and down at Kylian.
Kylian's clothes were very simple. He didn't even have any pockets, so there was no possibility that he could be hiding anything. On top of that, when he was knocked out by Derrick and brought to the car at the entrance of the deep alley, they had already searched him. Even so, Agnes still cautiously ordered, "Raise your feet. Take off your shoes and let me have a look."
Kylian raised his eyebrows and did as he was told.
After checking the soles of his shoes and finding that there was no problem, she put them back on the ground.
"No problem. You two, come with me." Agnes waved the taser gun in her hand, full of a threatening aura. "I only like it when people are obedierit.."
Lucille lowered her head and acted timid as she followed.
Please Let Us Co
Although Kylian was one step behind, he still walked forward.
Of course, the two of them didn't take Agnes' threats seriously. Even if their hands were tied up, they were skilled enough to take down a whole squad of people, not to mention an old woman. However, they had yet to find the 17 missing people, so they could only continue patiently putting on an act.
Agnes brought Lucille to the door of a storeroom. She pointed to the inside and instructed, "Go in."
Through the iron door, Lucille could see four or five people locked inside. They were all girls. Their clothes were dirty and their hair was disheveled. She guessed that they had been locked up for at least a week. They were probably a part of the 17 missing people.
Lucille and Kylian exchanged glances.
Strangely, even though they had never met before, there was a surprising tacit understanding between them. They could understand each other's thoughts in an instant with just a shared look.
Lucille walked into the storage room.
Then, Agnes brought Kylian to another storage room on the other side. She threatened him with a taser gun and demanded, "You, go into this room!"
Kylian raised his eyebrows and entered gracefully.
There was a loud bang.
The iron doors on both sides were locked tightly.
Agnes left while dragging her feet.
In the long corridor, it was so quiet that even the tiniest sound could be heard clearly.
Lucille walked into the storage room. The surroundings were grimy and messy. Apart from around half a dozen mattresses, there was only a simple and crude plastic table. There was a small part of the room that had a toilet and a sink. To put it more clearly, it was like a prison cell.
Lucille found a place to sit down.
Aside from her, there were five other girls in the storage room. They looked dull, and their eyes were lifeless. They were sitting on their own mattresses in a daze.
we Let Us Go:
As for Lucille, the newcomer who had just been brought in, they immediately turned a blind eye to her.
They had stayed in the dark and damp basemen
###Eyes Suddenly Widened
Eyes Suddenly Widened
Lucille looked at the girl closest to her and poked her arm gently.
The girl noticed and looked at Lucille. She saw Lucille slowly tracing a word on the back of her hand.
It read: Sanders.
The girl's eyes suddenly widened.
Because that was her surname!
"How do you know-"
"Shh."
Lucille gestured for her to keep quiet.
The girl named Rachel Sanders immediately shut her mouth, but her dull eyes were shining with hope.
She was a little anxious and wanted to ask about Lucille's
background and whether she had come to save her. However, Lucille herself was also a delicate little girl. Even if she had some kind of unique identity, it wasn't like she could be that skilled. Thinking of that, Rachel was a little disappointed.
Lucille looked at the other girls in the storage room. Before she came to Niterol City she had memorized all the information and photos of the missing people. Including Rachel, she could identify four of the five people who had been locked up. Only the middle-aged woman with disheveled hair, who was curled up in the corner, remained unknown.
Lucille lowered her voice. She pointed at the woman and asked Rachel, "When did the person over there get kidnapped?"
Rachel glanced over and honestly replied, "I don't know. She was here when I arrived, but she gets taken out every once in a while. Apparently, she..." Rachel made her voice as quiet as possible and added, "Gets assaulted by those men. Lucille frowned.
Was that the case?
She kept feeling like something was off, though.
Eyes Suddenly Widened
The middle-aged woman sitting in the corner looked at her good skin and red face. She didn't look like she was being abused at all.
While Lucille was sizing up the woman, she opened her eyes and looked at Lucille.
Lucille sneered to herself.
Indeed. No wonder she felt like the scent on the woman's body was so familiar. It was the same smell of wood on the other kidnappers.
This woman was definitely in cahoots with them.
She was the last line of defense in the underground factory.
She was one of the kidnappers pretending to be a victim and got locked up with the actual victims. That way, if anyone were to sneak in undercover, the woman could notice them and inform her accomplices. She was a spy.
Lucille had to admit that it was ingenious.
Just like Rachel said, this woman would be taken away every once in a while. The rumors that she was getting taken advantage of were all just a front.
In reality, after the woman was taken out, she went out to feast on delicious food. When "new goods" were delivered to the basement, the woman pretended to have been taken back and continued to lurk amongst the victims.
Lucille was able to figure it out because she had encountered the same situation when she was on another mission. On top of that, it was likely that it hadn't been long since the middle-aged woman returned to the basement. The smell of wood on her body confirmed Lucille's suspicions.
In that case... since there was one of the kidnappers among the girls, what about. Kylian's room?
Lucille frowned.noveldrama
At that moment, Rachel couldn't hold back and asked directly, "Since you know my name, are you here to save us?"
She was too careless.
Lucille felt a little regretful. She shouldn't have exposed her identity-from the very beginning just to get the victim to lower her guard.
It didn't matter, though. Since it who emerged victorious.
was a battle of wits, then she would wait and see
###The moment Eyes Suddenly Widened
Lucille looked at the girl closest to her and poked her arm gently.
The girl noticed and looked at Lucille. She saw Lucille slowly tracing a word on the back of her hand.
It read: Sanders.
The girl's eyes suddenly widened.
Because that was her surname!
"How do you know-"
"Shh."
Lucille gestured for her to keep quiet.
The girl named Rachel Sanders immediately shut her mouth, but her dull eyes were shining with hope.
She was a little anxious and wanted to ask about Lucille's
background and whether she had come to save her. However, Lucille herself was also a delicate little girl. Even if she had some kind of unique identity, it wasn't like she could be that skilled. Thinking of that, Rachel was a little disappointed.
Lucille looked at the other girls in the storage room. Before she came to Niterol City she had memorized all the information and photos of the missing people. Including Rachel, she could identify four of the five people who had been locked up. Only the middle-aged woman with disheveled hair, who was curled up in the corner, remained unknown.
Lucille lowered her voice. She pointed at the woman and asked Rachel, "When did the person over there get kidnapped?"
Rachel glanced over and honestly replied, "I don't know. She was here when I arrived, but she gets taken out every once in a while. Apparently, she..." Rachel made her voice as quiet as possible and added, "Gets assaulted by those men. Lucille frowned.
Was that the case?
She kept feeling like something was off, though.
Eyes Suddenly Widened
The middle-aged woman sitting in the corner looked at her good skin and red face. She didn't look like she was being abused at all.
While Lucille was sizing up the woman, she opened her eyes and looked at Lucille.
Lucille sneered to herself.
Indeed. No wonder she felt like the scent on the woman's body was so familiar. It was the same smell of wood on the other kidnappers.
This woman was definitely in cahoots with them.
She was the last line of defense in the underground factory.
She was one of the kidnappers pretending to be a victim and got locked up with the actual victims. That way, if anyone were to sneak in undercover, the woman could notice them and inform her accomplices. She was a spy.
Lucille had to admit that it was ingenious.
Just like Rachel said, this woman would be taken away every once in a while. The rumors that she was getting taken advantage of were all just a front.
In reality, after the woman was taken out, she went out to feast on delicious food. When "new goods" were delivered to the basement, the woman pretended to have been taken back and continued to lurk amongst the victims.
Lucille was able to figure it out because she had encountered the same situation when she was on another mission. On top of that, it was likely that it hadn't been long since the middle-aged woman returned to the basement. The smell of wood on her body confirmed Lucille's suspicions.
In that case... since there was one of the kidnappers among the girls, what about. Kylian's room?
Lucille frowned.
At that moment, Rachel couldn't hold back and asked directly, "Since you know my name, are you here to save us?"
She was too careless.
Lucille felt a little regretful. She shouldn't have exposed her identity-from the very beginning just to get the victim to lower her guard.
It didn't matter, though. Since it who emerged victorious.
was a battle of wits, then she would wait and see
Rachel said that, the woman in the corner kept her eyes fixed on Lucille as if she wanted to see through her.
Lucille pretended to be surprised. She was about to bluff her way out when she
caught a glimpse of something. She pointed at Rachel's nametag and said, "Isn't it written here?"
Hearing that, Rachel smiled bitterly and lowered her head.
The last glimmer of hope in her eyes was extinguished.
As expected, she had been thinking too much.
Everyone in the storage room had a nametag with a number printed on it.
The kidnappers were the ones who had done it. They treated all the victims as products and labeled them with numbers for them to be chosen.
Only Rachel was different. In addition to a number 9, she also had her school's nametag. It read: Year Three, Class One, Rachel Sanders.
The longer she was locked up, the more she wanted to hold onto it.noveldrama
The name tag was the only thing that could encourage her: She had to escape and make it out alive.
Rachel remained silent. After that emotional rollercoaster, her tears kept falling.
Sitting on the small bed, Lucille tapped her fingers on the iron bars at the head of the bed, as if she did not realize what would happen to her if she was locked up. She lightly remarked, "What's there to cry about? Once my family notices that I'm missing, they will definitely call the police. Someone will come to save us after that."
Her words were somewhat childish.
It sounded naive and ridiculous to everyone else.
That was what they had thought when they were initially kidnapped, too.
However, this place was remote, and the kidnappers were smart. No one would know where they had been taken to.
They didn't even leave any clues behind. How could anyone find them and save them?
The middle-aged woman in the corner sneered, and her initial suspicion finally faded
Bluff
a little.
It turned out that Lucille was just a naive little girl who didn't know how terrifying the real world could be. She wouldn't be able to make a huge impact on anything.
Rachel sniffed and couldn't help but reply, "It would be wonderful if we could escape, but these kidnappers are too intelligent. None of us know where we are. You'd better not be too optimistic, or you'll end up feeling despair like me."
Lucille didn't think much of it. She didn't even bother to respond and continued to knock on the iron bed frame, feeling bored.
Clang, clang, clang.
It was not just regular knocking. There were long and short beats, with different rhythms.
Rachel shook her head and didn't want to say anything more. However, just as she was about to lie down and sleep, she suddenly froze.
That was because the way Lucille was knocking on the bed frame sounded a little familiar.
She didn't notice when she heard it for the first time. It wasn't until the second and third time that she suddenly found it a little familiar. Was that... Morse code?
Rachel's heart was beating wildly.
She tried to decipher the message that Lucille was sending her based on what she had learned before. After doing so, the result was...
"There's something off about that woman in the corner. Don't speak up. Be careful with your words. Tell me, how many more people are tied up like you in this basement?"
Lucille gently tapped on the bed frame and repeated it again and again without any
hesitation.
She knew that Rachel could understand.
After all, when she was looking through the information on all the missing people, she noticed that Rachel was a law student who had learned Morse code out of curiosity.
In Lucille's original plan, there was no need to use such a convoluted method. However, since there was a spy in the storage room, she had to be more careful. Blutt
Rachel's heart was filled with excitement.
In just a few minutes, she had experienced intense ups and downs. Just as she was feeling again, she saw the hope of life.
It felt even more exciting than a rollercoaster.
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###Older
Rachel wiped away the tears on her face. However, when she thought about how Lucille said that there was something off about that woman, she was terrified. The more she thought about it, the more frightened she became. The middle-aged woman sitting in the corner was called Yohanna Taylor. Because she was older than them, everyone called her Miss Yohanna.
In this storage room, Yohanna had always been like a big sister, comforting and guiding everyone from time to time. If there was something off about her...
Rachel's scalp went numb and a wave of lingering fear surged into her heart. Even her body could not help but tremble.
The look in her eyes was so straightforward that her thoughts were practically written all over her face.
Yohanna noticed that she was being watched, so she turned her head and asked, "What's wrong?"
"Nothing..."
Rachel shook her head stiffly and then looked at Lucille subtly.
A few meters away, the girl was sitting on the thin mattress with a calm look in her eyes. The corners of her mouth were slightly curved up, with encouragement and comfort.
At that moment, Rachel's heart settled down.
She looked at Yohanna again and asked without hesitation, "Miss Yohanna, is there anyone else tied up in this basement? If we all work together and try to think of a way out, maybe we can escape with more people!" Rachel's expression was calm, and her voice did not waver in the slightest.
It was not the first time that the people here had said that they wanted to escape.
Yohanna didn't doubt her at all. She comforted her as usual, saying, "Let's just go. with the flow. Even though we might not be able to escape, at least we're alive. You should let it go."
Go with the flow? As if!
Rachel used to think that those words were a form of cofisolation.
However, now that she thought about it, it was no different from brainwashing.
Oldernoveldrama
Rachel really wanted to retort and say that she hadn't come here willingly, nor was she willing to stay there. A kidnapping was a kidnapping. It was a crime!
However, Rachel held back. Her eyes were filled with tears as she sobbed, "But I miss my family. I really want to go home..."
The other three girls could no longer hold back upon seeing Rachel's tears.
"I miss my family too..."
"Sob, sob. I regret being such a rebel, but it's too late to say anything now..."
"Do we still have a chance to go home?"
The girls hugged each other and sobbed their hearts out.
It was an uncomfortable scene to watch.
Lucille stood up and walked to the door of the storeroom.
She tried to pull the iron door, but it didn't budge.
Even so... with her current skills, it wouldn't be a problem for her to kick this door down.
Lucille raised her eyebrows. Through the only small opening on the metal door, she saw Kylian in the storage room across from her. He silently mouthed, "Seven."
There were
seven victims in his room. When combined with the four people in hers, there were only a total of eleven people.
Where were the other six people locked up?
Lucille narrowed her eyes.
It seemed that she would have to explore the basement.
At the thought of that, Lucille kicked at the iron gate. The clanging sound
immediately alerted Agnes, who was resting
Agnes came over with an electric shock gun and said with an unkind look, "What are you doing? Are you trying to rebel?"
###Pay Attentionnoveldrama
Lucille's lips curled into a smile. She mouthed in reply, "A sensor."
Speaking of which, the sensor was created by her. She could track a person through. their body temperature and breathing. Even if they were separated by a wall, it could sense the person with 100 percent accuracy as long as she was within 3 to 5 meters. of them.
More importantly, she had made the sensor into the shape of a button, which was why she had attached it to Agnes' clothes so openly. Actually, Agnes had detected the button when searching Lucille's body, but it wasn't-like she would pay attention. to it.
She just had to wait. If the rest of the victims were all in this basement, the task would be completed soon.
She and Kylian wouldn't have to put up an act anymore.
Lucille crossed her arms over her chest and waited patiently.
Soon, Agnes came back with a big bag in her hand, which was filled with boxed meals.
"It's time to eat. Finish all of your food. You're not allowed to leave anything uneaten, Agnes instructed.
She stuffed the boxes through a crack in the bars and warned them with a cold face, "Listen up. Don't leave a single crumb, or I'll electrocute you all!* One of the boxes was stuffed into Lucille's hands.
It was still hot. Obviously, it was freshly cooked, but the chef wasn't skilled at cooking. Not only was the food overcooked, it didn't have any seasoning, either. Lucille felt a little disgusted.
The others had already unwrapped their utensils and were ready to eat.
Lucille looked at Yohanna in the corner and found that the box in her hand was different from the others. There were erased pencil markings on the lid.
It seemed like some sort of indicator.
She walked toward Yohanna and asked, "Can you give me those extra utensils, Miss Yohanna? I can't use the ones they gave me."
Out of the disposable utensils provided, there were a few that were splintered.
Pay Attention:
Unfortunately, Lucille happened to receive one of those.
Yohanna raised her head to look at Lucille. Seeing the innocent look on her face, she couldn't say anything. She could only put down her meal and turn around and hand the pair of extra utensils to her. "Thank you."
Lucille returned to her small mattress with satisfaction and then started to eat
seriously.
She was so hungry that she didn't leave a crumb.
At that moment, she heard two beeps through the communication device in her ear, followed by a prompt from the sensor on Agnes' body. It reported: "Master, two people were detected at 5 o'clock southeast."
Lucille took note of that. However, before she checked it out, she couldn't be sure whether the two people that had been detected were the kidnappers or the other missing victims.
She had to wait until everyone was asleep before going to check it out in person.
Soon, everyone began to feel sleepy after the meal.
Lucille yawned and laid down on the narrow bed.
Not long after, Rachel and the other three girls had already fallen asleep. Their breathing was even, and it was obvious that they were sleeping soundly.
Lucille's eyes were tightly shut. She did not move at all, as if she was fast asleep. In the corner, Yohanna sneered. Finally, she didn't have to pretend anymore. She was exhausted after having to act generous in front of a bunch of idiots all day. It was just that... she was suddenly struggling to stay awake. What was going on?
Yohanna rubbed her eyes. She wanted to get up and move around, but she unexpectedly got sleepier...
In less than two minutes, Yohanna leaned against the pillow and slept soundly. At that moment, Lucille opened her eyes, lifted the blanket, and got out of bed.
She walked to the iron door, grabbed a hairpin from her hair, and removed the long, thin wire wrapped around it. She was about to unlock the door boldly.
###Swapped
Lucille was not worried that the commotion would wake Yohanna up.
That was because apart from Yohanna's, the boxes of food that Agnes had delivered were drugged with heavy sleeping pills.
When she asked Yohanna for the utensils earlier, she secretly swapped their boxes.
Therefore, Yohanna, who had eaten Lucille's food, slept soundly and did not wake up at all.
Lucille fiddled with the steel wire for a while.
In no time at all...
She unlocked the door with a click.
Lucille pushed the iron door open and walked out.
The corridor was empty, with only a few lights and her quiet footsteps.
At that moment, the iron door across from hers was opened as well.
Lucille turned around and saw Kylian slowly walking out of the storage room with a, silver wire in his hand.
Obviously, he had done the same thing as her.
That d*mned tacit understanding of theirs....
Lucille tilted her head and asked, "Why don't we each search one side?"
The basement was so big, and there was also the risk of being discovered by Agnes
and the other kidnappers at any time. It was best for them to act separately.
Kylian took the lead in walking forward.
There was a fork at the end of the aisle. Both sides led to unknown places.
Lucille walked to the left and Kylian went right.
The two of them split up and began to
search for the other victims.
Lucille searched all the way to the southeast based on the directions given by the device, only to find a door there. The light behind the door was bright, and she could faintly see silhouettes moving around inside, Based on the number of people, it definitely wasn't the other victims. They must
23
have been the kidnappers.
Why weren't they asleep in the middle of the night? What were they doing inside?
Lucille took two more steps forward.
Looking through the crack in the door, she found that the kidnappers inside were counting money. There were more than three safes in the room, filled with lots of money and even a few gold bars.
One of the men locked the safe that belonged to him with satisfaction and said, When we sell all the goods in the basement, we'll make a lot of money! Let's do our best, guys."
The other kidnappers happily agreed.
Lucille lowered her gaze. From the looks of it, the other six victims that had yet to be found were likely to have been sold off somewhere by the kidnappers.
Lucille was about to leave when she heard the man say, "Keep your spirits up. This batch will be delivered on Friday. Don't make any mistakes until then!!"
"Don't worry, Sean. We're all being cautious."
The other two answered him with a smile.
The batch would be delivered on Friday?
In that case, there were still six days left.
Having received useful information, Lucille quickly turned back along the way she came from.
However, she didn't expect to hear Agnes' footsteps coming from around the corner.
Had she been discovered?
Lucille frowned. She wouldn't be able to retreat in time.
The kidnappers behind her were about to push the door open and come out, and there was Agnes in front of her. Lucille was standing in the middle of the aisle. No matter who found her, it would affect her plan. There was a loud noise.
The kidnappers opened the door.
However, right then, all the lights in the basement went out. It was pitch black.
The kidnappers exclaimed, "What's going on? Why is there a sudden power failure?" Swapped
"Did the circuit breaker trip? Let's go and have a look!"
After a moment of chaos, the kidnappers used their phones to light the place up.
www
Gaze
At that moment, Lucille's hand was gently grabbed by someone.
"Let's go."
The unique aura of a man surrounded Lucille.
She looked up and saw Kylian's deep gaze.
Taking advantage of the darkness around them, the two of them returned to the door of the storage room silently before Agnes and the kidnappers could react.
On the way over, Lucille shared what she had learned with him.
"They're going to sell us off next Friday. Let's take action immediately once we reach. the final destination," Lucille said. Then, she couldn't help but sigh.
The only thing she was worried about was that the six people she had yet to find had already been sold off.
Thus, no matter what, she had to do her best to protect the eleven innocent victims who had been found.
When they got to the end of the passage, Agnes seemed to be coming in their direction.
Lucille and Kylian glanced at each other and immediately went into their storage. rooms. Then, they quickly lay down and pretended to be asleep.
Agnes checked the lock and made sure that there was no trace of damage. After that, she looked inside through the iron bars Seeing that everyone was sleeping soundly under the influence of the sleeping pills, she finally breathed a sigh of relief. Time ticked by.
Every day felt like a year.
Finally, it was Friday.
If all went well, it was the day that they were going to deliver the goods.
Lucille glanced at Rachel, signaling for her not to be nervous.
Over the past few days, Lucille told Rachel the news that they would be sold off on Friday through Morse code. Rachel was so nervous that her palms were sweating. Fortunately, her mental state was still intact. Even in the face of Yohanna's concerned' questions, she did not waver.
Gaze
213
Lucille waited patiently with her back against the wall as she counted the time.
Finally, Agnes brought some people in with her.
A group of kidnappers rushed into the storage room, then covered all of the girls'
eyes and tied their hands up. After making sure that they had no chance to escape, they pushed them out.
The three girls were so scared that they cried.
"Where are you taking us?"
"Please don't hurt me. I'll give you all my money. Please just let me go..."
The sound of their sobbing echoed in the empty aisle.
However, the group of kidnappers did not show any pity. They slapped them in the face and scolded, "Shut up. Don't cry. My ears are hurting from how noisy you are."
The girls sobbed, but they didn't dare to make a sound.
Lucille walked at the back. Her eyes were covered with a black cloth, so she could see nothing. Despite that, with her sharp senses, Lucille noticed that Yohanna's hands had been untied before she left with Agnes.
It seemed that her had been completed.
Lucille grinned coldly.
Soon, everyone was pushed into the elevator and went to the wood factory on the first floor.
There was a moderately-sized truck parked in front of them. This time, all the abducted victims, regardless of gender, were put into the truck together.
"That's all of them. Go and deliver the goods."
The kidnappers hummed and got into the driver's seat and the back row respectively. Then, they started up the truck and drove all the way forward.
She didn't know where their destination was, but it probably wasn't far away.
Sure enough, it was almost as Lucille expected. They only spent half an hour on the mountain road before the truck stopped.
There was a conversation going on outside the car.
The real mastermind had arrived.
What were they waiting for, then?
She was exhausted after having to put up an act for so many days.
Lucille moved her hands around, and the rope tying her up immediately loosened.
She removed the black cloth covering her eyes and untied Rachel's rope, who was beside her. With a faint smile, she said, "What are you afraid of? I told you that I would get you home safely."noveldrama
###The Police
After Lucille freed herself from the rope, she twisted her sore wrists.
The noise outside the truck grew louder, and the number of kidnappers increased. Obviously, most of the kidnappers had been dispatched for the new batch of goods.
Rachel looked at Lucille and saw that she was still calm and relaxed as if she didn't care about what was happening outside at all.
Rachel sniffed and asked nervously and expectantly, "Are you from the police?"
Throughout the seven days that they had been locked up together, Rachel had been full of trust in Lucille and had begun to rely on her.
Lucille shook her head. "No."
"Then..." Rachel continued, "Is someone going to show up and save us like they do
on TV?"
"No."
Lucille waved her hands innocently.
Over the past week, she, Robert, and Benjamin had kept in touch with each other, However... the task this time was only slightly troublesome. It was not as difficult as she expected. Not to mention, both she and Kylian were there, so there was no need for the higher-ups to send back-up.
She could handle that pathetic bunch on her own.
Even so, her response scared Rachel so much that her heart trembled. She asked again in disbelief, "T-then, did you sneak in alone?"
"No." Lucille raised her hand and pointed at Kylian across from them. She said indifferently, "It's the two of us."
How could they be brave enough to sneak into the kidnappers' lair with just the two
of them?
Rachel went silent. Her face was deathly pale and she almost cried.
In her eyes, Lucille was just a 19-year-old girl In fact, she was two years younger than Rachel. As for Kylian, he definitely had perfect proportions, but what was the use of that? He was just a pretty boy! How could they be so daring?
The Price
For a moment, Rachel felt that she couldn't even cry.
At that moment, the door to the truck was opened.
A few kidnappers stood at the entrance of the truck with daggers, firearms, and other items in their hands. Then they shouted at the victims, "Get off!" Aside from Rachel, the other ten victims hesitated to move.
Everyone wanted to run away, but no one could.
Particularly, these ten victims had suffered a lot of physical abuse before. At that moment, they had no choice but to obey in the face of all those weapons. Lucille stretched out her hand and pushed them back into the carriage. She stated indifferently, "Stay here. I'll get someone to send you away."
HE
After Lucille finished speaking, she told Robert, who was listening to her through the communication device, "Enough waiting. Let's make a move."
They had found the real base of operations. If the remaining six victims who had not been found were not there, they had either been sold off or murdered. She could just torture them and find out.
Lucille jumped off the truck.
The kidnappers were all stunned. They looked at Lucille's wrist in surprise and exclaimed, "How did you free yourself from the rope?"
Lucille tilted her head. She grabbed the rope from the ground and asked, "This rope?"
As soon as she finished speaking, she exerted a little strength and snapped the rope
in one go.
The rope was so strong that even a few strong men couldn't snap it, let alone Lucille, who looked like a delicate little girl. Everyone was stunned.
The kidnappers were all beginning to doubt themselves. Was the rope they had bought really that flimsy?
Lucille tossed the broken rope to the side. Her eyes were expressionless.
It was a special skill passed down in the Jules family.noveldrama
Of course, outsiders wouldn't know of it.
Despite their shock, the kidnappers quickly came to their senses. They immediately
The Police
reached out to grab Lucille and cursed, "I sens
I didn't expect it to be true. You're done for!"
The Police
reached out to grab Lucille and cursed, "I sensed there was something off about you.
I didn't expect it to be true. You're done for!"
###Raw Material
Before his filthy hand could even touch Lucille's shoulder, it was snatched away by someone in mid-air.
It was Kylian.
The rope tied to his hand flew away as well. When taking a close look at the side of his feet, all that was left of the rope on the ground were strands of raw material. Kylian was not very patient. He kicked the kidnapper away, and then looked at the others, asking slowly, "What about the others? Where have you hidden them?"
The expressions of the kidnappers changed drastically.
"Who the hell are you guys?"
Kylian gave a faint smile and answered casually, "Can't you tell? I'm the one who's sending you all to prison."
The kidnappers looked at each other and immediately felt their killing intent surge One of the kidnappers, who had been called Sean, was probably a low-level leader with some authority. He instantly gave an order, roaring, "Go. Kill them! Don't let these two escape!" "Yes, sir!"
The kidnappers swarmed forward and surrounded Kylian and Lucille.noveldrama
Their eyes were bloodshot, and the weapons in their hands were directed at Kylian and Lucille as if they weren't going to stop until the two were dead.
Meanwhile, in the truck, Rachel took the opportunity to untie the ropes on all of the victims. When they took off the black cloth and saw the scene before them, their faces went pale with fear.
""Be careful!"
Rachel and the others couldn't help but exclaim.
Lucille scratched her ears, looking as lazy as usual.
When one of the kidnappers stabbed the dagger toward Lucille, she didn't panic and
knocked him down with a punch.
They were outnumbered.
Raw Material
Rachel and the other victims watched in horror as they exchanged blows with all the kidnappers. However, amidst the chaotic battle, Lucille even raised her hand and yawned. Her eyes grew watery, making her clear and beautiful eyes seem even more misty.
"So... so cool."
One of the victims couldn't help but gush over it.
Rachel couldn't help but nod.
They were confident about how the battle would turn out.
Lucille stepped on Sean and asked coldly, "Where are the last batch of people you sold? Where are they now?"
"I-I don't know." After Lucille stepped on Sean's spine, he grimaced in pain and hurriedly added, "I really don't know. Agnes and I are only responsible for bringing them here. After that, this factory will deal with everything. I don't know where they've taken them to. It's true!"
Lucille took the rope and tied Sean up.
There were too many kidnappers lying on the ground. Some of them were injured and wanted to take the opportunity to escape.
Seeing this, the victims in the car jumped out and helped to tie the rest of the kidnappers up. They all harbored hatred in their hearts.
A few of the boys were so angry that they violently kicked the kidnappers' heads.
"B*stards! You've got no conscience. You're not even human!"
"It's your turn, now. You were so confident when you tied us up, weren't you? I'll beat you to death, you evil b*stards!"
Lucille did not stop them.
After tying up all the kidnappers, Robert arrived.
"Are you okay?"
"I'm fine." Lucille looked at him. She knew things hadn't been easy for him. There wasn't any shelter from the wind and rain in the mountains, but in order to protect
her, he had stayed on a nearby hill for seven days.
""You've worked hard."
Lucille felt a little guilty and murmured, "Please help me get these victims to a safe
Raw Material
place first. I have to go in and check out this lair to see if I can find the other missing. people. We can go back after we finish that last task."
###To a Safe Place
To a Safe Place
"Okay."
Robert nodded and followed Lucille's instructions. He got into the driver's seat of the truck.
The truck started up and he sent the eleven victims to Niterol City. They were headed to a safe place.
It was the same truck, but the danger was gone.
The desolate scenery around them kept retreating, and the tall buildings on the edge
of the city were within sight. The victims all began to tear up, and they couldn't help crying. They were finally saved.
After more than half a month of imprisonment and torture, they could finally go home.
Rachel hugged another girl and sobbed hysterically.
This time, it was tears of joy after surviving a disaster.
When they finally calmed down, one of the girls choked out, "I don't think we... managed to thank them."
Rachel was stunned for a moment and turned her head to look behind her.
The remote and desolate mountain had been left far behind them.
Rachel wiped her tears. She didn't know if she would ever get the chance to express her gratitude.
Meanwhile, at the gate of the factory...
The group of kidnappers was tied up tightly. Lucille and Kylian looked at each other and walked toward the factory together.
The kidnappers outside had been taken care of, but there was definitely more than just them behind all of this. The commotion outside was so loud that the
mastermind, who had yet to come out, must have heard it.
Lucille and Kylian kicked open the gate of the factory and walked in without hesitation.
Right then, a razor-edged axe, which had been sharpened, fiercely chopped down on
them.noveldrama
Lucille leaned to the side and dodged the attack easily.
Kylian didn't even flinch. He raised his hand to grab the handle of the ax and then. tugged on it violently.
The kidnapper hiding behind the door was caught off guard and fell to the ground.
"You!" The kidnapper was furious. He got up and wanted to make a move, but the ice-cold blade was pressed to his neck.
The kidnapper shivered and swallowed the rest of his words. He was so scared that he immediately begged for mercy. "D-Don't do anything. I was just messing around....
Just messing around?
Kylian had a faint smile on his face. He tied the man up and threw him to the side. Then, he continued making his way in.
Lucille raised an eyebrow. In the past, she would always be the one in charge of every mission. This time, after joining forces with Kylian, she was the one who was getting protected. She didn't have to do anything. It was a fresh feeling.
The two of them dealt with a lot of kidnappers along the way.
Despite that, even after searching through the entire factory, they did not find the whereabouts of the remaining six missing people.
Lucille picked up one of the kidnappers and asked, "Where are the rest of the victims?
"What victims?" The kidnapper stretched out his neck and played dumb. "We're perfectly legal businessmen who do serious business. I'm warning you, let us go. now. You know, it's illegal for you to break into someone else's establishment and start hitting them!" Lucille didn't want to waste any more time on these people. She grabbed the kidnapper's collar and shoved him into a pool of water. Icily, she ordered, "Tell me!"
Gurgle, gurgle....
Bubbles began to float to the surface.
The kidnapper almost choked to death. He struggled desperately, but to no avail.
a Safe Place
Kylian flipped through the ledgers that he had found in the kidnapper's room. When he heard the commotion, he could not help but raise his head to look at Lucille. He saw that her face was extremely calm despite how ruthless she was being. She had no hesitation whatsoever.
He couldn't help laughing and muttered, "He doesn't want to speak? We'll have to beat him to death, then."
The kidnapper, who was getting suffocated, gulped.
What kind of people had he provoked?
He didn't want to die there, so he opened his mouth desperately and blurted, "I'll talk. I'll talk!"
Only then did Lucille pull his head out of the water.
Act Fast: Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
###Important Information
The kidnapper panted heavily and muttered in a weak voice, "T-They've been sold off."
"Where were they sold to?"
"They were all sold to different places..."
The kidnapper hesitated. He didn't want to say too much, but Kylian found some important information in the pile of ledgers.
The group of kidnappers kept comprehensive records of their transactions. Since they had different clients, the contact information and personal details of
the clients were all written down.
As long as they tracked the phone numbers, they would soon be able to find the clients' addresses.
Lucille took the notebook from Kylian and immediately contacted Benjamin. In a low voice, she ordered, "Find out the specific address of these six buyers and ask the higher-ups to hurry up and make a move." "Got it!"
Benjamin immediately began to investigate.
The clients were from different places, so the victims who had been sold off were also in different cities. Benjamin instantly contacted the higher-ups. A few minutes later, many police squads were dispatched. The rest would be left to them.
Lucille heaved a sigh of relief.
Benjamin added, "Lucille, the Niterol City police will arrive at the factory soon. Those kidnappers will be taken away and locked up. Your task has been. completed."
"Okay," Lucille responded before cutting off the communication device.
In the wilderness, police sirens could be heard from afar.
When a group of kidnappers heard that, they were all scared out of their wits
and tried their best to run away. However they were all tied together. Even though they struggled, none of them could escape.
Lucille patted the dust off her hand. She turned to Kylian and said, "The mission has been completed. I'm leaving now."
"Let's go together."
He made an offer.
The car had arrived to pick them up.
It was a military off-road vehicle.
It wasn't like they could leave the mountain on foot.
Lucille thought for a moment, but she didn't refuse.
The two of them got in the car.
The off-road vehicle was very spacious. Lucille sat in the back seat while Kylian sat in the front.
The driver who came to pick them up was sent by the mercenary boss. He looked young and wore camouflage clothes. He likely knew who Kylian was, because after Kylian got in the car, he immediately said, "It's really you, Boss!" The driver was too excited. While driving on the bumpy road, the body of the car tilted and shook violently.
Lucille didn't even have the time to fasten her seatbelt before she knocked her
head on something.noveldrama
D*mn it...
She didn't get hurt when she snuck into the kidnappers' lair. Instead, she got hurt while sitting in a car. Thud!
Lucille covered her head with her hand, her eyes full of resentment.
Through the rearview mirror, Kylian saw it all clearly. He noticed that the girl's resentful expression was completely different from the fierce and resolute look on her face from before.
He restrained his laughter and then looked at his subordinate, softly scolding
diportant informatio
him. "Drive properly!"
"Yes, Boss!"
The driver straightened his back and began driving seriously.
However, after a few minutes, the driver couldn't help but feel curious. He looked at Lucille, who was sitting in the backseat, and then at Kylian, who was next to him. He asked cautiously, "Boss, are you and Lone Shadow a couple?" Kylian was speechless.
So was Lucille.
What kind of thought process was that?
Lucille said directly, "You're overthinking it."
Kylian smiled gently and stated in a lazy, calm tone, "Don't be ridiculous. I'm a married man."
###A Total Disaster
When the driver heard that, he was so shocked that his eyes widened.
Lucille was also a little surprised.
There were rumors that Kylian was not interested in women. He had guarded the border for so many years. Although there were countless women who wanted to get with him, he never had any romantic relations with them. Apparently, an absolutely gorgeous woman tried to get into bed with him once, but it ended up being a total disaster.
Since then, everyone knew that Kylian had severe mysophobia.
However, nobody thought that the reason why he never got close to any woman was that he wanted to keep a good relationship with his wife.
It was quite a shocking piece of news.
Lucille raised an eyebrow and turned to look out of the window.
She was surrounded by wilderness, with green grass and trees all around.
When the off-road vehicle passed over a stone bridge, Lucille glanced at the lake under the bridge and suddenly shouted, "Stop!"
The driver immediately slowed down. Although he took orders from Kylian, he was also full of worship for Lone Shadow.
Both of them were big shots, and no one could afford to offend them.
Before the off-road vehicle could fully come to a stop, Lucille jumped down and said without looking back, "Wait for me for a few minutes. I'll be back soon. Lucille went to the stone bridge and leaped down.
The driver was confused and asked, "Boss, what is Lone Shadow doing?"
Kylian's gaze was a little deep. He watched her climb over the guardrail and jump down. Inexplicably, he found it a little familiar.
It was just like whe first met her.
Lone Shadow kept reminding him of Lucille.
Lucille did not notice the gaze directed toward her at all. After jumping off the bridge, she fell straight into the lake and swam to the middle of it. There was a lotus that hadn't bloomed yet.
It was called the Deep Lotus, and its pétals and stem were the best medicinal herbs available.
Most importantly, the lotus was one of the six herbs needed to remove the toxins from Joseph's body.
Lucille was pleasantly surprised.
Not only had the mission gone smoother than she had imagined, but she event found a rare herb that could be used to cure Joseph.
She plucked the lotus and swam back to the shore.
The driver looked behind and exclaimed, "She's back!"
Kylian inadvertently turned his head and saw that the girl was soaked while holding a lotus in her hand.
Lucille returned to the car and carefully placed the lotus on the back seat. She then took off her coat and wrung the water out of it. The sun was bright and it was hot outside. Even though she had gotten wet, she wouldn't catch a cold. "Let's go."
After collecting the Deep Lotus, she had to find a storage box to keep it in. Otherwise, the effect of the herb would be greatly reduced. Lucille did not want to waste any more time and got into the car.
However, a jacket was thrown over her shoulder.noveldrama
It was Kylian's.
Lucille did not refuse it. Her entire body was drenched and her own clothes clung tightly to her body. She could not help but feel embarrassed.
"Thank you."
Kylian glanced at her and asked, "Can you give me that flower? Name your price."
Total Disaster
Lucille was a little surprised. She didn't expect that Joseph would recognize the lotus. She clutched the coat and shook her head. "I'm sorry, but I need to use it."
Kylian gave an indifferent hum in response and did not say anything more.
Although the lotus was rare, it wasn't the only one in the world. He didn't want to compete with her.
They remained silent on the way back.
After a few hours' drive, the off-road vehicle finally arrived at Niterol City Airport.
The Moment
Along the way, Lucille's wet clothes had dried up. She wanted to return the
jacket to Kylian, but when she thought of his mysophobia, she said, "I'm going to throw this jacket away for you. Do you mind?"
"Nope," he replied.
The moment he passed the jacket to her, he had no intention of getting it back.
Lucille got out of the car. She rolled up the jacket, threw it into the trash can, and then left with the lotus. "See you later.
She didn't think they would meet in the future, though.
She left without hesitation.
Kylian remained where he was and leaned against the seat of the off-road vehicle. After a long time, he slowly reached out his hand and tore off a mask as thin as a cicada's wing from his face.
The face under the mask was handsome and bewitching. Below his sharp eyebrows, his eyes were deep and bottomless, and the half-smile on his face was soul-stirring. However, upon taking a closer look, the look in his eyes was colder than ice. It was Joseph.
He got out of the off-road vehicle in a leisurely manner. The sun was shining on his shoulders. His tall figure was upright and slender, like a pine tree. He was indifferent and distant, looking elegant and noble.
The young driver next to him handed over his mobile phone and said.
respectfully, "Here's your phone, Boss. Also, the plane is ready. We can take off at any time."
- his way Quer
"Yes." Joseph walked toward the parking lot. As he he called Lucille.
They hadn't bullying her.
seen each other for a few days. He wondered if anyone had been
Beep... Beep... Beep...
The Moment
While waiting for the call to be connected, the corners of Joseph's lips curled up slightly. He looked like he was in a good mood.
The young driver's eyes widened.
Joseph had smiled. He was actually smiling!
Not to mention, it was such a doting smile.
The driver was dumbstruck. Even though he had never seen Lucille before, he already felt a deep sense of respect for her.
Meanwhile, Lucille had just met up with Robert. She bought the earliest flight ticket to Shein City. Just as she was about to board the plane, she received a call from Joseph.
Lucille was stunned. She handed the storage box containing the Deep Lotus to Robert and stated, "Wait for me. I'm going to take a call."
She walked to the quiet area and picked up.
"Bobo."
A familiar murmur was heard. The voice was magnetic and low, which was extremely pleasant to the ear. There seemed to be endless affection in his tone, which sounded ambiguous yet familiar. That b*stard. He was getting more and more used to calling her by that.
nickname.
Gritting her teeth, Lucille replied, "What is it?"
"Nothing." Joseph chuckled. His tone was languid as he slowly muttered, "I just missed you."
Lucille didn't reply. When she heard the announcement that it was time to board, she was worried that Joseph would hear it, so she immediately said, "Okay. What's the matter? Let's talk about it when we get back. I'm hanging up." After that, she hung up immediately.
Joseph put his phone back into his pocket. He didn't seem dissatisfied at all.
Feeling nosey, the driver asked, "Boss, did you have a fight with your wife?"
The amusement in Joseph's eyes deepened. He replied slowly. "My wife is introverted. She's just shy"
After that, he strode forward and stepped into the Collins family's private plane.
The driver had a sudden realization. Then he tore off the mask on his own face and boarded the plane with Joseph.
A few hours later....
The two planes arrived at Shein City one after the other
Lucille did not return to the Jules Residence right away She and Robert went to Tech Connex Pavilion first
Over the past ten days or so, the income of Tech Connex Pavilion had risen day by day Every day, they were breaking their own record in sales: Lucille checked her bank account, only to see that there was already over 50 million in When Hugs and James saw that Lucille Had returned, they surrounded her excitedly and began boasting "You're back, Boss? Did you see your bank account balance" Lets go buy a car tomorrow!
biga Aptus bedinges
###Nothing Else
In order to buy a car for her, Hugo and James worked hard.
Lucille was moved and touched. She could not help but smile. "Got it."
She had signed up for the driving test before she went away to complete the task. There was nothing else she had to do for the time being, so she would be able to get her license.
The net income of Tech Connex Pavilion and the huge commission from the mission was enough to make up for the money she had transferred from
Yoshua's card.
It was more than enough to buy a car and expand Tech Connex Pavilion as
well.
She decided to strike the iron while it was hot, and Tech Connex Pavilion had successfully built a reputation for itself. Although they were earning a considerable profit, it still wasn't enough.
If they didn't come up with a brand new experience and add new elements, their regular customers would eventually get sick of it.
Lucille looked at Robert and said with a smile, "You'll still have to work hard. I
have an idea, which is to allow customers to customize the experience
however they want. In other words, they can try whatever map they want."
When James heard the idea, he clapped his hands and excitedly exclaimed," Good idea. I agree! I'm sure the rich kids in Shein City will give us loads of money to try a custom experience. Our profit will increase exponentially!"
"I agree, too." Hugo thought for a while and added, "I remember seeing a popular show on the Internet where they get celebrities to try all kinds of thrilling experiences."
"However, while they can't guarantee the safety of those celebrities, our holographic experience pods are very suitable. It's got the thrill factor, but it's not dangerous at all," Hugo stated with a grin. "Maybe the show will cooperate with us in the future."
ture bu
James and the others burst into laughter
No one took Hugo's words seriously, but it didn't hinder their ambitions for the
future at all.
That was just how they were. Back then, when they fought on the battlefield with Lucille, they were full of passion. They didn't care about their lives at all.
Right then, they were willing to follow her commands and stay in Shein City. Even if they didn't have much and could only run a small technology pavilion, they still treated it as a priority and put all their enthusiasm and courage into it. Lucille's heart warmed and a faint smile appeared in her eyes. "Alright, that's
settled then."
After discussing that, Lucille took the storage box containing the Deep Lotus and walked out of the entrance of Tech Connex Pavilion. She then hailed a cab
at the side of the road and went back to the Jules Residence.
While sitting in the back seat of the taxi, Lucille lowered her head and wiped her face with a special mixture.
Her delicate and flawless face was revealed again.
Her skin was as smooth as cream, and her eyes were as clear as a spring. She was as stunning as could be. Soon, the car stopped.
Lucille paid the driver a large sum of money and got out of the car with the
small box.
When he saw Lucille's stunning face, the cab driver rubbed his eyes in
disbelief.
Something was off. Hadn't she just been an ordinary girl who blended in with the crowd? How did she become a charming and breathtaking beauty in the blink of an eye?
The cab must have been too dark for him to see her clearly.
The driver shook his head and turned around to leave.
When Lucille stepped into the Jules Residence, Madam Dahlia heard the noise. and came out. Feeling surprised, she asked, "Why are you back, Miss Jules? Didn't you say that you would stay for at least half a month? Were you not able 3/7
to get used to staying at Yoshua's place?"
"No." Even though Lucille was lying, her expression did not change. "I didn't go to Yoshua's place. I missed my plane, so I had a change of plans and decided to go on vacation somewhere else."
"So that's how it is."
Madam Dahlia did not doubt her. She took the luggage from Lucille's hand and said with a smile, "You must be tired after coming all the way here. What would you like to eat, Miss Jules? I'll prepare it now."
Lucille usually wasn't picky, but she had stayed in the kidnappers' lair, where she couldn't eat or sleep well for days. At that moment, she was indeed a little hungry.
"I want ribs, chicken wings, braised pork, and steak."
A Piece of Cake
Lucille rattled off a long list of food.
Madam Dahlia smiled even more kindly and said, "Okay, got it. Go rest first, Miss Jules. I'll go to the kitchen and get it ready."
There was a five-star private chef hired by Joseph in the kitchen, so it was a piece of cake to prepare all of that food.
Lucille nodded. She went upstairs with her storage box and returned to her
room.
She locked the door. The first thing she did was go into the bathroom to take a shower.
After doing so, Lucille changed into clean clothes and walked out of the bedroom with her long hair that was still wet.
Molly was already waiting at the door. When she saw Lucille emerging, she pounced on her happily. "Bobo, I missed you so much!" Lucille grinned and asked, "Did anything happen while I was gone?"
"No." Molly shook her head, and her eyes were full of worry. She whispered, What about you? Are you hurt? Was it a hard mission?" "I'm not injured. It wasn't hard."
On the way back, Benjamin had told Lucille about the outcome of the mission.
What they had uncovered was a criminal organization. They hired people to kidnap innocent young men and women, then sent the victims to another organization before they were sold off.
Fortunately, the ten days that Lucille and Kylian spent undercover had not been in vain. It was precisely because they had found the organization's main base of operations that they could work together with the police to completely eradicate the organization in one go. The six missing victims had also been found.
Four of them were slightly injured, and the other two were sold off to a remote. area. They had gotten seriously injured while trying to resist and escape.
Luckily, they were rescued in time, so they were sent to the hospital to be treated.
Lucille heaved a sigh of relief when she heard the news.
The weight that was pressing down on her heart was finally relieved.
She was in a good mood. She patted Molly's head and coaxed her. "Let's go downstairs and see if dinner is ready. I'm hungry."
""Understood!"
Molly happily ran downstairs.
Lucille shook her head and walked to the door of Joseph's room with her storage box. When she saw the light coming from inside, she knocked on the door and asked, "Are you there?"
The next second, the door opened.
She looked up and saw Joseph standing behind the door in a loose bathrobe.
The man's strong and firm chest looked particularly solid, and his defined. Adam's apple bobbed. He was devastatingly alluring.
He must have just taken a shower. There was water dripping down from his hair. Beneath his razor-sharp eyebrows, there was a pair of crimson eyes. They were extremely enchanting and shining, so beautiful that she could not look away.noveldrama
Lucille's heart thumped wildly.
Once again, there was a charming and dangerous aura around his body.
It had to be said Joseph was already seductive enough before the toxins in his body were suppressed despite the fact that he looked like he would be toppled by a gust of wind.
However, after the poison was suppressed, she felt that Joseph had become. an unleashed demon. Even she would occasionally feel an indescribable sense of oppression from its powerful aura.
Lucille did not waste any more time. She handed over the small storage box in her hand and said, "This will be useful to you. It's a gift."
If she had known that giving him the medicine in a show of kindness would
affect her so much, she wouldn't have gone straight to his door so stupidly.
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>>
###Buy It
Joseph's gaze was endlessly deep.
Staring at the storage box that Lucille had handed him, he was stunned for a few seconds before regaining his senses.
If he remembered correctly, Lone Shadow had bought that box after specifically telling the driver to stop on their way back to Niterol City's airport when they finished their mission.
There was a Deep Lotus in the storage box.
Joseph stretched out his hand. In order to verify his suspicions, he opened the lid of the storage box without hesitation.
Water vapor filled the room, and a Deep Lotus was lying in it.
Because it had been carefully taken care of, the lotus was well preserved, and
it was still fresh and beautiful.
All of a sudden, memories from that afternoon surfaced in Joseph's mind.
In the remote and uninhabited wilderness, Lone Shadow, who was sitting in the back of the off-road vehicle, suddenly yelled at the driver to stop. Then, she climbed over the stone bridge and jumped into the lake without hesitation just to get the Deep Lotus. She was drenched and looked like a total mess.
When he offered to pay for the Deep Lotus, Lonely Shadow refused without hesitation, saying that the flower was very important to her and that she could not give it to him.
It turned out that the lotus was picked for him.
Joseph was a little dazed. Lucille and Lone Shadow's slender figures overlapped in front of him. Gradually, they became one person in his mind.
It turned out that Lucille was Lone Shadow, and Lone Shadow was Lucille.
No wonder he found Lone Shadow a little familiar the first time he saw her.
So that's how it was.
A cluster of flames ignited in Joseph's heart. When he thought of how Lucille had plunged into the water to pluck the Deep Lotus for him, the fire in his heart. blazed brighter. Lucille's face was full of confusion.
She saw Joseph's constantly changing expressions and could tell that his eyes were full of emotions. There was a light shining in his gaze, but it was hidden so deeply that no one could figure out what he was thinking. What was going on?
Why was he suddenly looking at her as if he was going to eat her?
Lucille subconsciously took a step back. However, Joseph immediately reached out and held her firmly in his arms.
"Hey!" Lucille was furious. She couldn't help but push him away. "Joseph, -you're breaking the rules!"
When they made an agreement, there were various terms written in the third clause. They had agreed that when they were in private and there was no need to put on an act in front of others, they would not engage in any physical contact.
However, he had violated the rules time and time again..
Lucille was exerting quite a bit of strength, but Joseph didn't budge at all.
His arms were like iron pliers, firmly locking onto her waist. It was impossible. for her to get out of his grip.
The warmth from his palm came in waves, and the air around him seemed to be a little ambiguous.
Lucille wanted to curse, but at that moment, she heard Joseph whisper in her
ear, "I'm sorry."
If he was sorry, then why wouldn't he let go of her?
She angrily retorted, "Joseph. I spent a lot of money to get this lotus. Pay up!" "Okay."
Joseph had finally let go of Lucille, but the amusement in his eyes and the
smile on the corners of his mouth remained the same.
He was apologizing because when she jumped into the water to pluck the Deep Lotus, all he had done was give her his jacket as a show of civility.
In the end... he even allowed her to throw the jacket away because he didn't want to touch any clothes that had been touched by another woman.
If he had known that Lonely Shadow was Lucille, he would not have been willing to let her suffer from the cold.
Lucille froze for a moment. Under the burning gaze of Joseph, she was almost immediately defeated. "I'm going to eat. Take your time."
After that, Lucille turned around and went downstairs.noveldrama
In the dining room, a sumptuous dinner was prepared on the table.
Overwhelming Aroma
Lucille's index finger twitched. When she recalled a certain someone's horrible. attitude, Lucille decided not to wait for him. Thus, she told Molly to sit down. and immediately began to eat.
She was absolutely starving.
Everything else aside, the private chef's cooking skills were top-notch. Even boiled vegetables could look appetizing and delicious, not to mention the ribs and braised pork. The food melted the moment it made contact with her tongue, and it had an overwhelming aroma. Having been around Lucille for so long, it was the first time that Madam Dahlia saw her eat so much. It was as if she had been starved for days. She could not help but plead, "Slow down, Miss Jules. You're going to choke." Lucille nodded.
At that moment, Joseph, who had changed into a new set of clothes, sat down
across from Lucille.
He looked at her calmly and thoughtfully poured a cup of warm water before pushing it in front of her.
Lucille viciously cut the steak that had just been served in front of her. The murderous way she did so made Joseph laugh.
She was holding a grudge against him.
After finishing the sumptuous meal, Lucille went upstairs. Just as she was about to close the door to sleep, a pair of clean and slender hands reached out to stop her from closing the door. She stilled.
Lucille looked at him. There was a silent question in her gaze, asking if he had something to say.
Joseph chuckled. He handed Lucille a cup of ginger tea and said, "Have a cup of this tea to clean your palate." Most importantly, it would stop her from catching a cold.
Lucille refused decisively. "I don't like ginger tea."
"It's not spicy. It's not that bad at all. Try"
There was a smile in Joseph's eyes. He find no intention of forcing her, but Lucille knew that if she didn't drink it, he would probably stay there forever.
Lucille took the cup and gulped it down.
It was just as Joseph had said. Indeed, it wasn't that bad. Although it carried. the spice of ginger, the sweet taste diluted the bitterness of it.
It worked so well that her stomach and body started to warm up.
Lucille returned the cup to Joseph. She lay down on the bed and said, "Please close the door for me. Thank you."
After that, she covered herself with the blanket and closed her eyes to sleep.
In just a few minutes, Lucille had fallen asleep.
Over the ten days she spent in the basement below the factory, Lucille had barely gotten any proper sleep due to the fact that she had to guard against Yohanna and the kidnappers day and night. Finally, she had come back. Upon returning to a familiar environment, she felt a sense of both security and exhaustion. Her eyelids were heavy.
Lucille slept soundly.
Joseph walked to the side of the bed. He looked at the young girl's peaceful and calm sleeping face and finally reached out his hand to gently brush away a few strands of hair off her face. "Bobo."
Joseph's voice was extremely soft. Even though he knew that Lucille could not hear him at all, he still said, "Regardless of whether you're Bambo or Lonely Shadow, you'll never be able to get away from me." The day before the mission, Lucille reminded him that the relationship between them was only contractual and that he shouldn't get too immersed.
However, what she didn't know was that the first time he saw her, and even before he met her, he had already fallen too deeply.
The moon hung high above the branches, and the trees rust in the shadows
The next morning, Lucille woke up early as usual.
After breakfast, she went out for driving lessons.
When she signed up online, she initially wanted to skip the lessons and go straight to taking the examination. However, the laws in Shein City did not allow her to do so. She had no choice but to take lessons first. While sending Lucille off, Madam Dahlia was still mumbling, "I heard that driving lessons will be hard. Don't be discouraged, Miss Jules. Take your time
and don't be nervous!"
Lucille smiled and replied obediently, "Okay."
She wasn't nervous. If anything, she was worried that the instructor would be
the nervous one.
I Enjoy Ad Free
###Bored Out of Her Mind
Molly stood at the door of the villa, pouting as she said, "Lucille, I want to go. too!"
In the past few days, she had been bored out of her mind.
Lucille waved her hand. "Come on, then.noveldrama
"Yay!"
Molly happily rushed to Lucille's side. Obviously, she was already prepared. She was even carrying her favorite yellow duck bag.
Lucille walked out of the door with Molly.
The driving test she signed up for was a one-on-one lesson. t was also a deluxe package. She had written down all of her information when she signed up, so when Lucille left the house with Molly, she saw a car waiting by the side of the road. The young instructor in the car was looking up in their direction
That was the car.
Lucille walked over.
The instructor's name was Tom Kennedy, and he was only around 27 years old.
The moment he saw Lucille walking towards him, a hint of surprise flashed across his eyes. He cleared his throat and asked, "Excuse me, are you Miss Lucille Jules?"
"Yes."
Lucille nodded.
Tom eagerly replied, "Let me teach you the basics about driving first, starting from simple things like holding the steering wheel and stepping on the gas pedal. Come on, get in the car." Lucille raised an eyebrow and sat in the driver's seat.
Tom went to the passenger seat on the other side and sat down so that he could hit the auxiliary brake at any time.
Molly poked her head out from the back row and blinked. "Lucille, I've fastened
my seat belt. You can drive however you want."
Molly meant it literally.
Even if Lucille were to start speeding down the road, it would be fine.
However, Tom thought that Molly was afraid, so he couldn't help laughing and said, "It's fine. There's an auxiliary brake here. If there is an emergency, I will ensure your safety."
"I'm just worried that you won't even be able to move your legs when the time comes..." Molly muttered.
Her voice was barely audible.
Lucille started the car, and the car slowly moved forward. However, the speed of the car remained at about 20 yards an hour. It was so slow that it couldn't even surpass the speed of a tricycle riding past them.
Tom nodded repeatedly. "Not bad, not bad. You've got a good grip on the steering wheel. That's right, just continue driving slowly like this. Press the accelerator lightly. Be sure not to get the accelerator and brake mixed up. You're doing well."
As Lucille drove, Tom kept giving her directions. In the end, he guided Lucille to drive the car to the desolate outskirts of the city.
It had a lot of space and the roads were wide. It was a good place to practice driving.
Tom felt both gratified and regretful. Usually, when he was teaching his students, he would get exhausted because they were such slow learners. However, Lucille, who was very talented, allowed him to teach her easily. However, that also left him without the chance to show off his skills.
He quietly observed Lucille and saw that her side profile was exquisite and flawless. Her long, swan-like neck was beautiful and elegant.
It was hard not to be affected by such a cold and distant beauty.
Lucille slowed down the car.
She glanced at the rearview mirror and saw two sports cars whistling behind her. Judging from the way their engines were roaring and the way they were speeding down the road, it seemed that they were racing. She purposely made way for them.
However, when the two sports cars came up beside her, they did not intend to leave. Instead, they surrounded her from left and right. The teenagers in the cars whistled and said with cheeky grins, "Hey, pretty girl
"Are you having driving lessons, pretty girl? Do you want me to teach you? I can belp you out?
Come on, pretty girl. Let's have some fun together."
They kept catcalling her.
The two sports cars were filled with rich playboys who had all the time in the world. Since they had set their sights on Lucille, they decided to flirt with her to the end
Tom was a little angry, but with how wide the road was, the two sports cars insisted on following them, so he couldn't drive them away. He could only say to Lucille, "Don't mind them, just pretend that you didn't hear anything. Just keep driving like normal."
###A Ray of Light Driving
like normal?
Lucille raised an eyebrow. As she watched the group of rich playboys in the two sports cars flirt with her vigorously, a ray of light flashed across Lucille's calm and indifferent eyes. The next second, she hit the gas.
Tom was stunned and asked, "What are you doing, Miss Lucille?"
Lucille did not answer. She slammed the accelerator, and the engine made a rumbling sound. The next second, the ordinary car shot out like an arrow.
At first, Molly was still sleepy, but she became excited.
"Let's go!"
The car sped away.
The two sports cars behind him were suddenly left dozens of meters behind.
The rich playboys in the car were all stunned and exclaimed, "How exciting!"
Then, they accelerated to catch up.
How could that ordinary car compare to a sports car worth tens of millions of dollars?
The group of rich playboys quickly closed the gap between themselves and Lucille. They drove right in front of her.
Instead of slowing down, Lucille hit the gas again.
At that speed, it was no exaggeration to say that they were flying.
Tom was so frightened that his face turned ashen. He hurriedly grabbed the handle beside him and exclaimed, "It's dangerous! Hurry up and stop the car!" Even though there was an auxiliary brake under his feet, he was so panicked right then that he had completely forgotten.
Lucille's expression was calm. She drove the car between the two sports cars and drifted left and right. After avoiding another collision between the two sports cars, she spun the steering wheel and the car turned 360 degrees as it sped forward. It was headed straight toward one of the sports cars. The people in the sports car were so scared that they nearly wet their pants. They immediately stepped on the brake to avoid a collision.
Those in the other sports car watched Lucille's dazzling driving skills. Their
'Amazing!" jaws dropped and they braked. They all had the same thing to sa The car's lights were flashing, and the ground was full of arrogant tire marks
In the driver's seat, Lucille casually glanced at them, then turned the car and left
Things were even more lively toward the end of the road.
That was because there was another group of cars that were engaged in at race.
One of them was Austin.
When Lucille passed by, she didn't want to stay, but when she inadvertently glanced at Austin, she saw him sitting on the flower bed with a dejected look, as if he had been bullied. Obviously, he must have just finished a race and lost by a landslide.
Lucille pulled over and stopped beside the flower bed.
Tom, who was sitting in the passenger seat, had obviously not recovered from the thrilling car race earlier. He was paralyzed in his seat and looked absolutely pitiful. Lucille ordered Molly, "Give him a bottle of water."
"Okay," Molly answered obediently. Then, she handed him a bottle of water that was in the back seat.
Lucille got out of the car and walked up to Austin.
A shadow fell over him. Austin didn't even raise his head. He thought the other racers had come to mock him, so he angrily barked, "Get lost. Don't bother me!" "Hm?"
Lucille gave him a faint smile.
Austin suddenly raised his head and saw that it was Lucille. He cried out in excitement and then knelt down in front of her, holding onto her leg while complaining.
"You're here to help me, right, Miss Lucille? Those bastards cheated. They don't deserve to win. I'm so angry!"
Austin felt extremely wronged.
Cam Bonus For Free Everynoveldrama
###Get Back at Them
Lucille shot him an unimpressed look and said helplessly, "Get up. Since your lost, all you have to do is get back at them."
Compared to words of comfort, her arrogant and condescending words were more empowering.
Austin sniffed and stood up from the ground.
Lucille sat down on the flower bed and asked lazily, "Tell me. What happened?"
Austin said, "Do you still remember, Lucille? On the day of your engagement party, we taught a bunch of people who were car racing a lesson, right? One of them, Albert, even issued a challenge letter to you. Do you remember that?" To be honest, she didn't.noveldrama
She was so busy. How could she have the time to remember such insignificant
idiots?
Lucille stated, "Go on."
"That time when Albert was defeated by you, he refused to accept it and went to practice for more than a month. Last week, he gave me a challenge in a particularly arrogant manner. He was totally looking down on me!" Austin complained. He clenched his fists and continued, "I agreed on impulse and came here. As a result, during the competition today, those other b*stards kept targeting me, so I was left behind and became last place."
Lucille looked back and saw Austin's favorite sports car. There were several serious scratches and hollows on its body.
Presumably, what had happened was even worse than he was making it out to
1. be.
Lucille patted Austin's shoulder and remarked, "Albert loves challenging
people, doesn't he? Give him a challenge too, then. Tell him that if he doesn't show up, he'll have to bow down to you."
Just as Lucille finished her sentence, a mocking voice was heard from behind
her.
"Okay. I accept your challenge!"
Albert had arrived.
Onlookers gathered around in an instant.
Many of them had witnessed Albert and Lucille racing last time. Now that they were confronting each other again, the other rich kids whisted loudly. "You're the best, Albert! Go for it! If you're too scared to compete, you're a chicken!"
"That's right. He's not some spoiled rich kid who will call for help after losing. Imagine acting like a newborn baby. Tsk, tsk. Isn't it embarrassing?"
Austin clenched his fists and his face turned red with anger.
Lucille looked at one of the boys and asked casually, "Tell me. How are we doing this?"
The young man was stunned and immediately waved his hand. "You've got it wrong. I'm not Albert."
"Oh, I'm sorry." Lucille looked around the crowd and calmly questioned, "Who's Albert?"
The gossip around them stopped abruptly.
Even the atmosphere became a little weird.
She had clearly competed with him once before, but she didn't even remember
what he looked like.
On the other hand, Albert had been eager to get back at her ever since he lost. He had even given up his other hobbies and practiced alone day and night. He wanted to surpass her one day so that he could hold his head high. In the end.... she didn't take him seriously at all.
Everyone looked at Lucille and couldn't help but sigh. That was far too cruel of her. It was the biggest insult she could have given him.
With a gloomy face, Albert gritted his teeth and said, "It's me!"
Lucille felt rather helpless. She really couldn't remember, but there was no
need to explain herself. She directly said to him, "Tell me. How are we doing this?"
Albert said coldly, "Since Austin isn't satisfied, I can consider competing with him again. However, it won't count if you win on his behalf."
Lucille nodded. Obviously, she couldn't compete on Austin's behalf if she wanted it to be fair.
What's more, she didn't intend to replace Austin in the first place.
However...
Lucille smiled faintly and muttered, "Since we're going to compete, let's be bold about it. The rules will be the same as before. All of you will participate. As for Austin, I'll be his guide. He can drive, and I'll command him. What do you think?" Everyone's hearts were beating wildly.
It was all too exciting!
###Strip
If Lucille were the one driving, there was no way she would be able to win considering how outnumbered she was Not to mention, she wasn't even the one driving. She was just going to sit in the passenger at and give Austin
instructions.
Even if she was coaching him, there was no way the useless Austin would be
able to do much.
The crowd burst into laughter.
"Lucille, have you thought it through? The loser has to strip!"
"That's right. You can't go back on your word when you lose!"noveldrama
Albert's eyes glinted with a dark light. He stared at Lucille's beautiful face and asked, "Are you sure you want to bet on this?"
It was no ordinary game.
Austin's eyes were red. He grabbed Lucille and said, "No!"
How could he let Lucille make a bet like that?
Lucille glanced at Austin and stated, "Do you not trust, yourself, or do you not trust me?"
The girl smirked. Her posture was noble and calm, with a natural aura of superiority. This kind of arrogance from the bones seemed totally natural as if there was no need to doubt it. Austin was stunned.
Lucille agreed immediately..
Thus, the bet was settled.
The loser would have to strip.
Even though they never specified how many pieces of clothing they had to take off, it was summer. Taking a single piece of clothing off would be
embarrassing enough.
For the sake of the competition, Albert and the others all bumped shoulders
and gathered together. They returned to their cars and excitedly inspected.
them
The competition began 15 minutes later.
0000
Austin's eyes were filled with tears. "I can't do it, Lucille. If you bet on me, I'll end up dragging you down with me!"
"Even if you do, that's my problem to deal with." Lucille grinned calmly.
"But I really can't..."
Austin shrank to the side, like a dog that had lost its confidence. He seemed pitiful and wronged.
Molly, who was sitting in the coach's car, rolled her eyes, then opened the door and got out. She put her hands on her hips and scolded, "Hey, coward! Lucille has come to help you personally, so she will definitely win. You should be confident, okay?" In Molly's heart, Lucille was omnipotent and had never failed at anything.
That was something certain both in the past and future.
Austin sniffed. He still looked like a wilted flower.
Lucille sat at the side of the flower bed and commented, "Austin, didn't you always want me to teach you? Do you know how I managed to become a master?"
"How?" he asked.
"I trained by going through countless life and death situations." Lucille's smile was very subtle, but the light in her eyes was like stained glass, clear and dazzling. "It's because I have to courage to take a gamble." Even if it was a gamble of life and death...
After betting everything she had, she was left with no choice but to win.
Austin was stunned.
He looked at Lucille and then at Molly. Then he gritted his teeth and made up his mind, saying, "Okay, I'll bet on it!"
Molly kicked him and snorted, "The competition will start in five minutes. Why
don't you check your car?"
Austin left immediately.
Finally, it was time.
Austin's hands were full of sweat, but the moment he got into the car, hist wildly beating heart suddenly calmed down.
Lucille thought that he had finally come to his senses, but she didn't expect him to suddenly declare, "I'll go all out for my dream of surpassing the god of racing!" Enjoy Ad-Free Reading>>
###Choked
Lucille nodded, giving him great encouragement and recognition.
"Okay. That's a nice dream."
"Ahem, ahem." Austin choked on his own saliva. He looked at Lucille with resentment and muttered, "Whose side are you on, Lucille?"
Lucille smiled meaningfully. "My own side.
At the starting line, a whistle blew.
The competition officially began!
Austin started the car as usual. He stepped on the accelerator and rushed
forward.
The track was very spacious. Although the corners were harsh, it was far from being the most difficult thing in the world.
However, there were a total of ten cars on the track. Except for Albert, who rushed to the forefront from the very beginning, the rest of them kept rushing toward Austin, full of hostility.
Austin was a little anxious. That was how he had lost the last time. Now that the same thing was happening, he didn't seem to be able to escape the same fate.
Lucille said, "Charge forward. Push that red car away!"
Austin immediately did as he was told.
Although he was not good at driving, he was very bold. Otherwise, he would not have taken the risk of being punished by his family and kept participating in these dangerous racing competitions. The moment when Austin was about to ram into the car, the red sports car subconsciously dodged.
It was just like what people said being weak only made others stronger, and
vice versa.
Finally, there was space for him to move on the track.
Austin sped up and charged over.
Despite that, shaking off the red sports car from earlier was not enough. There were still five or six cars in front that were deliberately preventing him from going any further.
Lucille calmly commanded, "Turn the steering wheel one and a half rotations to the left and hit the gas. Stop for two more seconds, then let go t
Austin did as he was told. Then... after a minor collision, his car was actually driving right past the blue sports car that had been blocking the way. "Oh f*ck!"
Austin was stunned.noveldrama
Not to mention Austin, even the young driver in the blue sports car below widened his eyes and then spat out a curse. "F*ck. My car is going to be ruined! Hurry up and get off!" After driving the car forward just like that, Austin turned the steering wheel and finally returned to the normal track. He screamed out of excitement.
""Woo!"
Lucille had no choice but to remind him, "Don't get happy yet. There's a huge gap between you and Albert. If you can't catch up with him in the next three laps, we'll lose." Hearing that, Austin immediately became serious and asked, "What should we do next, Lucille?"
The first turning was not far away.
Lucille replied, "Extreme drifting."
Albert, who was already more than 30 seconds ahead, had passed the first turn perfectly. Admittedly, he had suffered a huge blow from Lucille last time. He had practiced hard for a month and made great progress. This time, he was even more energetic than he had ever been before. He was bound to win against Austin.
To be more precise, he wanted to see how Lucille would look after she lost the challenge. Perhaps he would even be able to enjoy the sight of her beautiful
figure after she stripped...
A determined grin appeared on Albert's face. After turning the corner, he
looked into the rearview mirror and saw that Austin's car had broken free from the ring of other cars.
"Hmph." Albert sneered, his eyes full of disdain.
He was already a full 30 seconds ahead. Even if Austin had wings, he would not be able to catch up.
The curve was just ahead.
Austin was so anxious that he was sweating, but Lucille, who was sitting in the passenger seat, did not give any orders.
If he didn't make the turn, they would fly out of the track together with the car.
Finally Spoke
###Finally Spoke "Lucille..."
Just as they were about to reach the turn, Lucille finally spoke. "Turn the steering wheel all the way. Press the brake slightly and speed up quickly after the bend."
Austin perked up and followed her instructions.
The tires left a string of prints on the ground. At the very last moment, the car's body was flung to the very extreme, and then smoothly drifted past the turn like a textbook example of perfection. Over and over again, under Lucille's instructions, Austin passed through the rest of the intersection through extreme drifting.
Meanwhile, every time Albert made a turn, he would greatly slow down. With the huge contrast in speed, Austin had already caught up with him.
The 30-second gap was closed bit by bit.
Albert's eyes almost popped out of his head. His desire to not lose became
more and more intense.
He sped up crazily, but the more anxious he was, the more mistakes he made.
When Albert passed through the last turn, half of his car went out of the track..
Although he tried his best to make up for it, he could only watch Austin's sports car whistling past him.
Austin had won!
After rushing past the finish line, Austin was so excited that he yelled, "You're the best, Lucille! You're the best! I'll follow you forever!" Lucille covered her ears without a word.
Seeing the result of the competition, the surrounding onlookers were so shocked that their jaws dropped. All of them stood rooted to the ground, dumbfounded. No one dared to believe that it was true.
Among them, there were only a handful of people who had actually witnessed
Lucille's excellent driving skills. Most of them scoffed at her and thought that Lucille was nothing more than a young girl. They all figured that there was no way she could be that capable. Those who had loudly voiced their doubts earlier had their mouths wide open right then. All they wanted to do was get on their knees after witnessing the racing competition. They had to kneel down to Lucille.
Molly was the most excited. She raised her voice a shouted, "Pay up! Pay up!"
At the beginning of the match, someone took the lead to start a bet. Many people bet on Albert to win the match, while Molly took out all she had to bet on Lucille's victory. That meant she had made a lot of money.
Molly counted with her fingers and found that she would be making ten times
the amount in return. This meant that the tens of thousands of dollars she had
invested could be turned into ten times that amount.
Those who participated in the bet were all rich kids. Although they had lost by a huge margin, no one would be stingy over such a small sum of money, so they gave her money one after another. "Hahahaha!"
After getting the money, Molly ran back to Lucille excitedly. She was practically wagging her tail while bragging, "Lucille, look. I made a lot of money. I keep getting transfer notifications on my phone!" "That's amazing."
Lucille did not hesitate to praise her.
Molly's figurative tail continued wagging and she happily exclaimed, "Lucille, I'll work harder from now on. In the future, I'll take care of you!"
Austin stretched his head and leaned over. He opened his mouth and said, "I'm hungry. Food, please."
"Get lost."
Molly immediately covered her backpack tightly.
Austin was in a good mood and wanted to tease Molly Towever, when Albert came back, he immediately became energetic and produced a handheld drum out of nowhere
With a bang, the celebratory sound of a drum could be heard.
Austin was full of pride and swept away his previous dejection. He raised his voice and said, "If you are willing to gamble, then you have to admit your loss. I'm sure you're not the type to go back on your word just because you're a sore loser, right?" Albert's expression kept changing.
He looked at Austin and then at Lucille.noveldrama
He had been beaten by her several times. Albert gritted his teeth and laughed out of fury. "Who says I'm a sore loser? It's just taking off my clothes. I'm a man. What's there to be afraid of?" Cam Bonus For Free Every Day
###Still Shaking
The surrounding noise became more and more intense.
Albert did what he said and took off his jacket with a raise of his hand.
Lucille left with her victory. She returned to Tom's car wit! Molly, who had earned a huge profit.
In the passenger seat, Tom's face was as pale as a vegetable. Looking carefully, his calves were still shaking.
Lucille couldn't help feeling a little guilty. She said apologetically, "Are you okay? Do you need to take some time?"
"N-No..." Tom could only pretend to be calm. As a man, he could not say anything because of his self-esteem. He could only tremble as he replied, "Y-You can keep driving. Do whatever you want." Lucille got into the car. She started it and drove off at a speed of 20 or 30 yards an hour.
Austin shouted, "Get in my car, Lucille!"
"No. Can't you see that I'm busy getting my license?"
Lucille refused decisively.
The rich playboys, including Albert, watched Lucille drive away in Tom's car.
They were stunned and almost thought that they had misheard her.
"What?"
"She doesn't even have a license?"
As a result, everyone looked at Albert with sympathy and pity.
The fact that he was beaten by a little girl who didn't even have a license was so pitiful.
Not to mention, he had lost twice.
Albert tightened, his fists.
After Austin was done showing off, he got into his sports car and followed Lucille, calling her name with great enthusiasm.
"Just wait and see." Albert sneered and threw the clothes in his hand on the ground. He practically snarled, Sooner or later, I will rip her clothes off with my own hands! I'll make her cry and beg me for mercy!" When one of Albert's friends heard this, he was stunned for a moment and
hurriedly tried to persuade him. 'Let me remind you, Albert (ou can't afford to offend Austin or Lucille. Don't bite off more than you can chew."
Working together to bully Austin was one thing. After all, Austin was not as good as them, yet he still liked to challenge them. They weren't the ones to
blame.
Besides, considering Austin's huge ego, he probably wouldn't complain about it to his family.
However, Lucille was different.
Lucille was the legitimate young madam of the Collins family.
She was none other than the fiancee of the usually ruthless, cruel, and upright Joseph.
Anyone who dared to touch her...
Probably didn't value their life.
However, Albert didn't listen to a word. He snorted and said, "So what? As long as it's what I want, I'll get it!"
The friend shook his head and continued trying to persuade him. "Some time ago, Wayne momentarily sent Lucille to a detention center. Guess what happened? The Carter family has completely disappeared from Shein City, and Wayne has even lost one of his fingers. He almost lost his entire arm! You must have heard of this, haven't you?"
It was all Joseph's work.
He was ruthless, determined, and vengeful.
"You know what happened to Wayne, so why don't you calm down?"
"That's because he's useless. He's just a piece of trash. How can he compare to me?"
Albert's face was full of arrogance.
"...Fine." His friend shook his head and sighed. "I've said what I have to. That's all. If you still want to make trouble for Austin and Lucille, you can do whatever you want."
Albert licked the corner of his lips, and his eyes flashed with a scheming glint.
The duration of Lucille's "lesson" was already up. In the afternoon, she went straight to take the exam. It was easy for her to get her license.
Tom never expected her to be done with lessons on their first day.
That wasn't it. Actually, he didn't have the right to teach her at all. Tom smacked his own leg, his heart full of annoyance.
Into the Automobile Shop
Lucille went to the automobile shop with Molly after getting her license.
Hugo and James were already blowing up the group chat. The two were frantically telling her to hurry up and buy a car. Lucille shook her head helplessly, put away her phone, and stepped into the automobile shop.
Molly looked left and right, and her eyes were full of curiosity. "Lucille, there are so many cars here. The white one looks good and that red one seems decent
too. So cool!"
Lucille asked, "Which one should I get?"
"That gray one!" Molly exclaimed!
She stretched out her hand and pointed into the distance.
She was talking about the red and white ones, but decided on grey in the end. Austin, who had come with them, overheard their conversation. Perhaps his thought process was as weird as Molly's. He was only stunned for a moment, then he gave a thumbs-up and said, "As expected of you!"
Molly snorted.
The gray car was indeed attractive and spacious enough.
Lucille did not have many demands when it came to a car. Since Molly liked it, she would buy it.
However, the employees in the store had disappeared. They had been in the store for so long, but no one had come forward to welcome them.
Lucille looked around and noticed that the store's dozen employees were all happily chasing after a young man in his early twenties.
The young man wore a mink coat, an expensive watch and a necklace.
Austin laughed so hard that he almost fainted. "That's hilarious. He's wearing a mink coat in the middle of summer. Is he an idiot?"
Even Molly bit her finger and asked, "Is that person stupid?"
They talked so loudly that the young man in the mink coat heard Austin's
laughter and walked toward them with a sullen face.
When he got closer, he saw Lucille. A hint of amazement flashed across his. eyes, and he almost drooled!
She must have been a fairy!
Amidst the crowd, the girl was cold and distant. Her delicate and pretty face was resolute. Her long hair was hanging down, and her bright eyes and white teeth were shining.
What a beauty!
Timothy's anger disappeared in an instant. He ruffled the mink coat on his body and showed off the expensive watch on his wrist. With a proud and complacent expression, he said to Lucille, "Are you here to buy a car, pretty girl? I have plenty of money. As long as you are willing to be my woman, you can choose any car in the store!"
Molly was at a loss for words,
She clenched her fists and wanted to hit him.
Austin sneered and said, "Who the f*ck are you?"
"You're asking who I am?" Timothy was full of pride. He tidied up the necklace on his chest, straightened his back, and said, "My step-father is Howard Jules; a rich businessman! Obviously, I'm the noble son of the Jules family!"
His step-father was Howard?
This time, Austin and Molly were not the only ones who were stunned. Even
Lucille was dazed for a moment.
She recalled that a dozen days ago when she was on a mission to deal with. the missing person cases in Niterol City, she ran into Howard at the airport who was with a charming woman. She had her arms wrapped around him and they were very affectionate. That being said, the young man in front of her, who was showing off like never before, was naturally the son of that woman.
The world was so small.
The corners of Lucille's lips tugged upwards. She beckoned for one of the
Auswbie Shop
employees to come over and said placidly, "I'll take that car."
The salesperson followed Lucille's line of sight and as d, "Miss, are you sure? That car is the latest limited edition of our brand. Its base price is more than 40 million dollars." More than 40 million?
Timothy was shocked. He practically jumped up and exclaimed, "It's so
expensive. That's daylight robbery!"noveldrama
Everything on his body combined was worth a million dollars.
million
The reason why he dared to visit that automobile shop was just to show off and act rich.
Who knew that a random car there would cost 40 million dollars?
The way Timothy kicked up a fuss proved that he was just a showoff.
The manager didn't say anything because of his professional attitude, but
there was already a hint of disdain in his eyes.
Lucille looked at the time. It was getting late and she still wanted to go home for dinner. She said, "Here's my credit card. Hurry up."
Enjoy Ad-Free Reading>>
###Richnoveldrama
A minute later, the employee's eyes lit up and he immediately came over with a contract. With a swipe of the credit card, the car's price of 43 million dollars. was taken from Lucille's account.
Timothy had been waiting to see Lucille make a fool of herself after not being able to afford it, but he was the one who ended up being the butt of the joke.
He was stunned and angrily grumbled, "How can a young girl like you be so rich? You must have sold your body many times. Hmph. I bet this is all dirty money!"
Molly couldn't bear it anymore. She slammed her fist into Timothy's nose.
"Your mouth stinks. You deserve to get beat up!" she roared.
T
Timothy's nose was bleeding from the punch. He covered his nose and cried out in pain, "How dare you hit me? Do you know who I am? I'm the noble son of the Jules family. Now that you've provoked me, you're going to meet your doom in unimaginable ways!" Austin rushed forward and gave Timothy another punch.
"How dare you insult her? I'll beat you to death!" he yelled.
Lucille didn't even bat an eyelid. She said to the employee, who was so excited that his face had turned red, and replied, "I've filled in the address. Could you please send the car there when all the procedures are done?"
"Of course, Miss Jules. Don't worry. We will complete the procedures within a day. We will send the car to you tomorrow afternoon at the latest!"
The middle-aged man gave her a reply very enthusiastically and politely.
Since the car had been bought, it was time to go home for dinner.
Lucille beckoned to Molly. "Let's go."
Molly immediately followed her.
Austin was a step behind. He looked at Timothy's unconvinced face. He wanted to give him two more punches so that he could learn a lesson but then remembered that Timothy said that his stepfather was Howard. Rich
How could Timothy be so daring when he was just Howard's stepson?
With an evil tone, Austin stated, "You said that you're the noble son of the Jules family, huh? Pft. How can you have the guts to say something like that when you're just a stepson? I might as well tell you, then. Do you know who that girl is? She's the biological daughter of the Jules family. She's the real deal!"
After dropping that bomb, Austin chased after Lucille and left.
Timothy was frozen on the spot, and it took him a long time to react.
The employees threw Timothy out.
They had wanted him gone for a long time. When they saw him wearing a mink coat and an expensive watch and bragging arrogantly, they thought that he really had the power to spend money. They didn't expect him to be all talk.
Timothy, who was chased out, pointed at the door and scolded, "Just wait. I'll come back and get back at you sooner or later!"
However, when the security guard of the store rushed out with a stick, he was so scared that he ran away.
He ran two streets away. Seeing that there was no one chasing him anymore, Timothy propped himself up the wall and panted. Then, he took out his phone and called his mother, Victoria.
At that moment, Victoria was having a candlelight dinner with Howard.
Just as the atmosphere was perfect, Victoria suddenly received a call from her annoying son. She frowned, smiled apologetically at Howard, then got up and left her seat.
"What's wrong, Timothy?" she asked.
"Mom, I was bullied and got beaten up!" Timothy told her more about what had just happened. He gritted his teeth in anger and said, "Mom, didn't you say before this stepfather of mine only has an adopted daughter? Since when did he have a biological one?" "Why are you asking me? I don't know." Victoria replied in annoyance. "Either way, our lives depend on this adopted daughter of his. Don't make trouble for me. Otherwise, we won't have a chance to enjoy such a rich life!"
"Ugh, I know. I'm just angry!" Timothy wanted to climb up the social ladder. "I don't have enough money to spend. I can't even afford a car. Mom, can you ask my stepfather for some more pocket money?"
"Didn't he just give you two million yesterday? Have you spent it all?" she questioned.
"How can that be enough? In the automobile shop, an actual rich girl bought a car without even flinching. What about me? What do I have?" he retorted.
Victoria looked around. After making sure that no one could hear her, she responded, "Don't be in such a rush. Once I get married to this old man, we will be a part of the Jules family. That will be a prosperous day for us. Be patient!" What she said was true.
Timothy pursed his lips and finally calmed down.
###8
Chance Encounters
Victoria hung up the phone and tidied her hair in the mirror Then, she walked back toward Howard with a gentle and lovely smile.
In the short span of slightly over a month, she went from losing her silk scarf to having a few more chance encounters with Howard. With her hard-to-get attitude, as well as her beautiful appearance, she grasped Howard's heart step by step.
By then, their wedding had been decided. It would be held that weekend.
At first, Victoria was a little reluctant to hook up with such an old man just because Zoey had ordered her to do so. However, she had to do it because Zoey had full control over her.
Right then, however, Howard, who had taken the bait, was totally smitten with her. He spent a lot of money on her. One day, he would buy her a bag worth hundreds of thousands, and the next, he would buy her the same amount in jewelry. He basically gave her whatever she wanted.
It turned out that this was the life of a rich and powerful wife. It was extravagant and enjoyable.
Victoria became immersed in the feeling and gradually got used to it.
Of course, she finally understood why Howard had never had a woman before
her.
That was because... it wasn't possible for him.
Thus, every time they made love, Victoria could only try her best to make Howard happy.
As a result, she got a marriage certificate and a wedding.
the way at
Victoria hid her pride all the bottom of her heart.
Any day now...
She was going to become a rich and powerful wife!
Meanwhile...
Lucille returned to the Jules Residence in Austin's car.
Along the way, her phone kept buzzing. Lucille glanced at it and found that it was Hugo and James who were talking in the group chat.
Lucille wrote: "I bought it. It cost me 43 million dollars."
That would put them at ease, right?
Unexpectedly, Hugo and James immediately sent a string of crying emojis.
"Boss, you deserve better!"
Back in Dilsburg, Lucille owned a huge underground garage with dozens of cars. All of them were of extraordinary value.
In contrast, that new car was basically dirt poor.
After Hugo and James were done complaining, they saw that Lucille didn't reply, so they finally began to talk about business. "Boss, Tech Connex Pavilion has expanded by another two floors, and its area is twice as large as before."
Lucille glanced at the message and put her phone back into her pocket.
There were a few more games that had to be added. The current area was not big enough, so naturally, it had to be expanded.
Lucille stepped into the villa.noveldrama
Before Austin left, he followed her into the house. He loudly announced, "Well, since I'm already here, it's only natural that I should have a meal before I go! Besides, you and Joseph are both here. We're all part of the same family, right?" Hearing that, Molly rolled her eyes.
Madam Dahlia came up to them as usual and shouted, "Miss Jules, Miss Molly, you're back? Oh, Mr. Austin is here too? Please come in."
Austin and Molly walked toward the living room while pinching each other.
Lucille stopped and looked at Madam Dahlia, who was about to say something, and asked, "Madam Dahlia, what happened? You don't look too good." Change Encounters
Madam Dahlia sighed and replied, "Miss Jules, there is something that I want to say. Please don't be angry!"
#Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>>
###Have to Attend
Lucille smiled and Indifferently said, "I think I can guess, Madam Dahlia. Isn't it just the news that Howard is marrying another woman? There's no need for me to be angry."
Madam Dahlia was slightly stunned. When Lucille mentione Howard, there was no emotion in her eyes.
She couldn't help but feel relieved. Then, she took out an invitation card from her pocket and stated, "Miss, Zoey got the driver to send you an invitation card. She also said that you have to attend." What on earth was Zoey planning?
Lucille took the invitation card and looked at it. She noticed that was going to
be held that weekend, which was rather rushed. She didn't know whether it was because Howard was impatient or because of his new wife's impatience.
She threw the invitation into the trash can. "I'm not going."
She had nothing to do with the Jules family. What reason was there for her to
go?
However, Lucille was a little curious. How could Bernard and Charles allow
Howard to remarry just like that?
Weren't they worried that his new wife would influence him and cause Howard to ruin everything?
Madam Dahlia sighed and indignantly stated, "I heard from the servants of the Jules family that Mr. Jules' new wife brought her son into the family, too. Apparently, Mr. Jules is very generous to his stepson and gives him hundreds of thousands of dollars just like that." What was annoying was that Howard was so kind to his stepson, yet he was disgusted with Lucille, who was his own biological daughter.
How could he be called a father?
Just thinking about it made Madam Dahlia feel as if her blood pressure was rising.
Lucille, on the other hand, didn't care.
People often said that good couldn't exist without bad, and vice versa. It was a blessing for Howard to marry a beautiful lady, but that lady's son was an arrogant, rude man. He even went around bragging that Howard was his stepfather. He was the definition of conceited and dominer g.
Someone like him would make even bigger trouble sooner or later!noveldrama
Lucille shook her head and went to wash her hands.
Soon, it was time for dinner.
A sumptuous dinner was served on the table, and the hot fragrance floated around in the dining room.
Just as everyone was preparing to eat, the sound of a car's engine could be heard from outside the villa. Joseph had returned.
*Joseph!"
Austin ran over happily as if he wanted to be praised. He blurted, "Lucille and I went car racing today, Joseph. Guess what? Not only did I win, but I also learned a lot of new skills! I'll show you one day, Joseph!"
He kept talking, but Joseph was only focused on one thing he had said.
"Lucille?"
Joseph had a fake grin on his face. "Hm?"
There was a hint of coldness in the air.
Austin immediately grew submissive and corrected himself. "I-I mean, my distinguished sister-in-law."
"That's more like it," Joseph muttered.
He strode into the dining room with his long and slender legs and sat down. beside Lucille in a natural manner. She could sense his presence, but she remained calm and composed.
All the dishes were served.
Lucille picked up her utensils.
Have to Attend
Molly and Austin sat together. They were practically ighting to get some of the drumsticks.
What a bunch of kids.
Lucille ignored them and ate her own food quietly.
However, Joseph had personally prepared the dishes for her. He said
thoughtfully, "Bobo, try this. See if you like it."
Lucille paused for a moment. Since she didn't want to waste anything, she ate
1. it.
Joseph picked up food from another dish. With a smile on his face, he murmured, "Eat more."
In just a few minutes, the food in Lucille's bowl had piled up into a hill.
On the opposite side of the dining table, Molly and Austin ended their fight with a draw. Either way, there were two drumsticks, one for each of them, so there was no need to snatch each other's food. However, when they saw Joseph intimately putting food into Lucille's plate, the chicken drumsticks in their hands suddenly look
unappetizing.
They were supposed to be having a meal. Why were they suddenly third-wheeling?
Lucille's face flushed and she couldn't help but turn to look at Joseph. She raised her hand and said, "I have my own hands. You don't have to take the food for me."
###Such Flippant Words
"It's only natural for me to take care of my wife."
Joseph smiled so wide that his eyebrows crinkled up.
Obviously, those were such flippant words, but when it was him saying it, it made people blush and their hearts beat faster. Lucille ate quietly and decided not to say anything.
On the opposite side of the dining table, Austin seemed excited and surprised as if he had found out a new piece of gossip.
Lucille didn't bother explaining, either. Considering Austin's impulsive
character, he would probably tell Madam Collins about it when he went back.
That was a good thing. At least it would keep Madam Collins satisfied.
When the meal was almost over, Austin looked at Lucille and Joseph and excitedly exclaimed, "Joseph, Lucille, there's a newly opened technology pavilion across from Mount Ocean House. It's called Tech Connex Pavilion.. Have you heard of it? I've seen some interesting videos on the Internet. Why don't we go there and have fun together?"
"No thanks," Lucille said.
She slowly wiped her mouth and continued, "I've already been there."
"Is it fun? Does it really feel like you're in a whole different world just like people on the Internet are saying?" Austin became interested and questioned her consecutively.
Lucille raised an eyebrow. She kept him in suspense. "You'll know once you go."
When Austin heard that, he immediately made a decision. "Okay, I'll go. Believe it or not, I'll defeat all of them!"
Upon hearing that, Lucille felt as if Austin had a shining aura around him.
It was a bright, golden beam of light.
Lucille's
lips curled into a smile as she watched him leave.
It seemed that she would make a lot of money that night.
Suct
She raised an eyebrow and left the restaurant to head to her room.
An hour later...
Lucille's phone kept ringing, and all the messages she received were from Tech Connex Pavilion.
It seemed that the unlucky Austin had been tortured.
Lucille was leisurely leaning on the balcony, watching the moon. Although
Austin admired her so much, she didn't feel guilty at all.noveldrama
She had taught him how to race, after all. It was only right for him to pay her
back.
She was in a good mood and couldn't help humming a song.
The melody drifted along the evening breeze.
On the balcony next door, Joseph held the kitten in his arms and remarked with a chuckle, "Nice singing."
The singing stopped abruptly.
Lucille turned around and met his pitch-black gaze.
Then, she looked away and turned back to her room.
The next afternoon, a truck stopped at the gate of the Jules Residence.
There was a silver-gray sports car parked in the truck.
It was the one that Lucille had spent 43 million dollars on.
The employee delivering the car handed over the keys and a file full of information to Lucille. He respectfully stated, "All the information is here, Miss Jules. If you encounter any problems in the future, you can contact us at any time."
"Thank you."
Lucille took the file.
Soon, the sports car was unloaded from the truck and parked in the yard of the Jules Residence.
It looked gorgeous and striking.
When Madam Dahlia came out of the house, she was stunned.
"D-Did you buy this, Miss Jules?" she asked.
"Mhm." Lucille's expression did not change. She came up with a random. excuse. "There's quite a lot of money in the card that Yoshua gave me."
In fact, she hadn't touched a single cent in Yoshua's account.
The reason why she said that was so that nobody would suspect the origin of
her money.
###Petted
Madam Dahlia laughed and said, "That's good. It'll be much more convenient for you to go around from now on." On the balcony on the second floor...
Joseph held the little cat in his arms and petted it every now and then.
The kitten narrowed its eyes comfortably and made a meow.
Culver stood by the side, watching the movement downstairs. He scratched his nose and did not dare to speak.
In reality, there were so many cars in the Jules Residence that they were running out of parking space. All the keys were placed in the box at the door. As long as Lucille wanted, she could drive any of them, or even get a driver to send her around.
However, she never touched any of the cars.
She had drawn an invisible but distinct line.
Joseph asked casually, "When is Howard's wedding?"
"This weekend, which means it's tomorrow." Culver knew that Joseph was
asking more than that, so he continued, "Howard's large-scale entertainment project is almost complete. Just as you said, we've gotten him a lot of investments, and all of them are from the Gilbert family."
He added, "Now that Howard's plan is in full swing, he seems to be very confident in his development plan. In addition, with the huge financial support from the Gilbert family, he pretty much put all his eggs in one basket and put his other real estate development projects on the agenda. They've been moved two years ahead of his original plan!"
"At the moment, Howard and the Gilbert family are on the same boat. Once the boat sinks, Howard will definitely go bankrupt. All the members of the Gilbert family, including Samuel, will be seriously impacted."
After Culver finished speaking, he asked cautiously, "Are we going to take action, Mr. Joseph?"noveldrama
Pit
Joseph casually tapped on the little cat's head. His tone remained calm, but there was a hint of coldness in it.
"No need."
The grin on Joseph's face was barely visible.
Since things had gotten to that point, there was no need for them to intervene. Howard was an ambitious idiot. From the moment he complacently thought he was bound to succeed, it meant that he would soon be doomed. The next day, it was the weekend.
It was the day of Howard's grand wedding. In order to welcome their new mistress, the Jules family's villa had been decorated early on.
Howard looked at the new decorations in the villa and nodded with satisfaction. Then, he said to the busy servants, "Very good. You'll all get bonus pay later!"
"Thank you,
sir!"
The servants were overjoyed.
Howard laughed out loud, his face full of pride.
He had achieved unimaginable success this time around.
When the construction of the project was completed and put into play, all the money he had spent would be earned back a hundred or a thousand times over. When the time came, his value would soar, and his status in Shein City would never be the same. Howard was full of passion. He told Zoey, "Thanks to you who persuaded
Samuel to invest a lot this time, Zoey. Because of that, I can complete this big project so smoothly. Don't worry. When earn back the money I've invested, I will give you everything that I've promised!"
Zoey said obediently, "I'm a member of the family. This is just my responsibility.
To tell the truth, even Zoey herself was a little surprised. She had asked Samuel to invest in the business, and it took her a lot of effort to persuade him. Petted
However, she didn't think that the other members of the Gilbert family would invest like crazy as well.
Could Howard's current project really be that promising? Was that why the members of the Gilbert family had invested in it?
###What Do You Think
It didn't matter. Either way, Howard was giving her credit for it, and she was happy to take it.
Zoey grabbed Howard's arm and said coquettishly, "Dad, today is a big day for you and Aunt Victoria. I think we should let Lucille witness this big event. What do you think?"
At the mention of Lucille, Howard's face fell instantly. He coldly retorted, "She's no longer my daughter. I don't want her to be a witness!"
Zoey took a look at Victoria, who was elegantly dressed, and winked at her.
Victoria understood and immediately patted Howard's chest. "Oh, to be honest, I wanted to take the opportunity to meet Lucille, too. Just this once, Howard, Okay?" "Exactly, Dad. Please..."
Howard couldn't bear to see Zoey and Victoria begging him. Either way, he had/ been in a good mood recently, so he waved his hand and agreed, "Okay, okay. As long as you guys are happy, you can invite whoever you want." Zoey pressed her lips together and smiled.
Victoria glanced at Zoey and saw the scheming look in her eyes. She could tell that if Lucille, the legitimate daughter who had been driven out of the family, were to show up, she would not be able to escape Zoey's plot. Zoey was just an adopted daughter, but she was a genius when it came to scheming.
Relying on that innocent and naive face of hers, not only did she have Samuel wrapped around her finger, but she also had Howard and Charles doting on her constantly.
Over to her.
past few days, it seemed that Victoria had no choice but to bow down
When Howard went out to answer the phone, Victoria lowered her voice and whispered to Zoey, "Miss Zoey, why did you invite Lucille? I heard that she's reckless and unreasonable. If she shows up to the wedding... Isn't something What Dr You Think
275
bad going to happen?"
"What's wrong? Are you worried that you won't be able to keep your position?" Zoey replied.
She snorted and continued in an arrogant tone, "Don't worry. Since I gave you this position, as long as you behave and listen to me obediently, you will still be a rich housewife. You don't have the right to know what I'm planning." "Understood." Victoria didn't care about anything else. As long as she could continue to enjoy her current life, she would be satisfied.
The wedding would be held at Millenium Hotel, and the ceremony would officially begin at six o'clock in the evening.
While Howard and Victoria were taking a car to the hotel, Zoey got in another car and asked the driver to go to the Jules Residence instead.
Although she had sent an invitation to Lucille before, Lucille would definitely not participate given that temper of hers.
That wouldn't do.
If Lucille didn't come, she wouldn't be able to start the show that she hadnoveldrama
carefully prepared.
She smirked, with a flash of jealousy and viciousness on her beautiful and
innocent face.
Soon, the car stopped.
Zoey looked up and saw the magnificent and luxurious villa in front of her. Although she had long known that Lucille had bought a villa of her own, it was her first time there. She didn't expect the villa to be so high-class. Zoey sneered, got out of the car, and rang the doorbell.
"Who is it?" When Madam Dahlia came out of the villa and saw Zoey, she couldn't help but be stunned. She frowned and asked, "What are you doing here?"
"Madam Dahlia, you have been a servant in the Jules family for more than ten years. Aren't you even going to refer to me as Miss Zoey?"
Zoey grinned, but the smile on her face was nauseating.
What Do You Think
Madam Dahlia icily replied, "There's only one person who I refer to as Miss. What can I do for you? This is the Jules Residence. You are not welcome here."
"I want to see Lucille. Call her over. I have something to tell her," Zoey stated.
Before Madam Dahlia could refuse, she added, "Madam Dahlia, you'd better tell her, or you won't be able to afford the consequences."
Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>>
Claim b
###Told Her
Madam Dahlia gave Zoey a look of suspicion.
Although she knew that she had bad intentions, if it really was something important related to Lucille, then she couldn't ignore it.
Madam Dahlia returned to the villa, knocked on Lucille's door, and told her about it.
After hearing what happened, Lucille's eyes were indifferent, and no emotion could be seen in her gaze.
Madam Dahlia said, "Miss Jules, I'm sure Zoey has bad intentions. Why don't I drive her away? No matter what she wants to say, we don't have to listen!"
Lucille smiled faintly and muttered, "No need. I'll go meet her."
She went downstairs.
Zoey was waiting outside the iron gate. When she saw Lucille finally coming out, she smiled and exclaimed, "Lucille, I haven't seen you for more than half a month. You seem to have lost a lot of weight. Is Mr. Joseph not taking good care of you?" As usual, she was trying to sow discord.
Lucille couldn't be bothered to fight with her. She casually stated, "I don't have much patience. Hurry up and say what you want to say."
Zoey murmured, "Lucille, have you heard that Dad is going to get married today? I sent you the invitation a few days ago. The banquet is about to begin. Let's go to the hotel together."
The corner of Lucille's mouth twitched. She curtly retorted, "I'm not going. It's none of my business."
After that, she turned around and was about to leave.
Zoey finally couldn't pretend anymore. She flatly stated, "Lucille, you might not know this, but when I sent you the invitation card, I also sent an electronic one to Yoshua. I'm sure you know what Yoshua's bad temper is like. If he found out that Dad was remarrying, wouldn't he cause a scene at the wedding?"noveldrama
Obviously, he would.
She sighed and acted worried. "Dad really likes this new wife of his. The guests at the banquet are all rich and noble. If Yoshua really ruins the banquet to the point of no return, Dad might just beat Yoshua to death out of rage.
Lucille stopped in her tracks and expressionlessly replied, "Since you wish for me to participate, then so be it."
one was using
Of course, Lucille knew that Zoey had other goals in mind. Yoshua to threaten her and force her to attend the wedding.
She guessed that Zoey had come up with some dirty tricks to plot against her at the wedding.
Even so, she had to go.
Otherwise, if Yoshua really did anything, Howard might just beat his own son to death.
Lucille turned around and returned to the villa.
"I'll wait for you at the hotel, then," Zoey yelled at Lucille's back figure with a smile.
Her goal was achieved.
Zoey returned to the car. In a good mood, she ordered, "Drive."
"Understood." The driver in front didn't dare to waste any time. He immediately started the car and headed for the hotel.
She sat in the back seat. As soon as she took out her phone, she received a call from Joanne.
"How was it? Did that b*tch agree to come?"
On the other end of the phone, Joanne was clearly anxious judging by the way she kept asking.
Zoey's lips curled into a smile.
Indeed she shamelessly invited Lucille to the wedding over and over again and even threatened her with Yoshua because it was all Joanne's idea. Two days ago, Joanne had gone looking for her and apologized for being so
Told Her
immature before. She said that she wanted to reconcile with Lucille and that she wanted Zoey to help her out.
Joanne's eyes flickered when she said that, though. It was obvious that she was lying.
Rather than reconciling, she obviously just wanted to plot against Lucille.
Zoey was well aware of this, but she still agreed. She pretended to believe her and helped her enthusiastically. She also tried her best to invite Lucille to attend the wedding banquet.
No matter what Joanne's ultimate goal was, she had to try her best to make it happen.
If things went well, Lucille would suffer.
If the plan was a failure, it would all be Joanne's idea. It wouldn't have anything to do with her.
Zoey replied with a smile, "Of course. I sincerely invited her many times, and Lucille agreed to come. Joanne, you have to talk things through with her when the time comes. Let bygones be bygones. From now on, you should let go of the past and be friends with her again!"
###Plan
"I know, I know."
When Joanne heard that Lucille was coming, she was so excited that he
immediately began to get ready for her well-thought-out plan. She didn't care what Zoey had to say.
The call ended.
Zoey was beaming all over.
"Joanne is such a good girl."
1
With Joanne charging forward like an idiot, Zoey didn't need to put in much effort to deal with Lucille.
She only hoped that this time, she would not be let down.
When the driver in front of them heard the conversation between Lucille and Joanne, he got the gist of what they were talking about. He couldn't help but praise, "You are so kind, Miss Zoey. You're always thinking about others." Zoey shyly murmured, "That's not true."
No one knew the true colors hidden under Zoey's pure and kind mask.
Half an hour later...
A speedy silver sports car drove out of the Jules Residence.
Lucille went to the entrance of Millenium Hotel.
It wasn't her first time there.
Her strongest memory of the place was how the original host had been pushed into a pool of water and drowned there.noveldrama
Lucille got out of the car and stepped into the hotel.
The attendant door might have received orders in advance. When she entered, she didn't bring an invitation card, but he still let her in and led her into the banquet hall politely.
Lucille raised an eyebrow.
It seemed that there was a big trap waiting for her.
By the time Lucille stepped into t
over. At that moment, Howard was tal
the banquet hall, most of the ceremony was over. At that moment, Howard was talking to the guests with his wife and raising his glass.
The atmosphere was very tense.
Lucille looked around, but she didn't see Yoshua.
She called him, but couldn't get through to his phone.
Could it be that Zoey had lied to her, and Yoshua wasn't coming at all?
Or had he been locked up before he could even do anything?
Lucille frowned. She was just about to ask around when she heard a cold, questioning voice behind her.
"What are you doing here, Lucille?"
Lucille turned around and saw the original host's third brother, Charles, glaring
at her with a sullen face.
Obviously, her presence disgusted him.
Lucille plainly asked, "Where's Yoshua?"
With an icy expression, Charles grumpily replied, "He wants to ruin the wedding and humiliate the entire Jules family. Obviously, he's been locked up. What? Were you planning to cause trouble with him?" Her expression darkened when she heard that.
"Where has he been locked up?" she questioned.
"I don't know!"
Bernard looked fierce and his expression was incredibly sour.
Lucille walked to the back of the hotel with no expression on her face.
If he wouldn't tell her, she could look for Yoshua herself.
Seeing that, Charles immediately stood in front of Lucille and ordered, "You're Plan
not allowed to go there. Zoey is resting there. Leave her alone!"
###If the Plan Succeeded
She chased after Lucille and stood in front of her. She raised her voice and said, "What is it? Do you want to check the surveillance footage? Don't even think about it. The hotel won't allow you to enter the security room. If you really want to find Yoshua, I can show you kindness and take you to him!"
"Is that so?".
Lucille stared into Joanne's eyes.
Joanne felt a little guilty, but at the thought of how happy she would be if her plan succeeded, she put a whole lifetime's worth of acting skills into this moment.
"I swear on my life."
Lucille gave him a half-smile. No one knew if she believed her or not.
Just as Joanne's heart was pounding, she heard Lucille speaking in an indifferent voice.
"Lead the way."
Joanne heaved a sigh of relief and led Lucille to the room she had prepared.
They were very close. In just a few steps, they would get there.
Joanne pointed at the closed door in front of her and told a lie with a straight face. "Yoshua is inside. He's been tied up. Go in and have a look!"
With that, Joanne impatiently began to take out the room card to open the door.
She was afraid that Lucille would suspect her, so she took the initiative to explain, "I got the room card from Zoey."
It was a great excuse.
Lucille flashed a faint grin.
The door cracked open, and a strong fragrance came out of it. The smell was odd. A single whiff was enough to make someone lose all their rationality. Lucille asked calmly, "Joanne, I'll give you another chance. Is Yoshua really in there?"
If the Plan Succeeded
"Of course!" Joanne answered firmly.noveldrama
Clearly, she had no intention of repenting
Lucille shook her head and slowly took a step back.
At that moment, a hand stretched out from the room and dragged Joanne into
the room before she could react.
"Ah!"
Joanne's scream was drowned in an instant.
The man inside had already lost his mind because of the incense. He didn't
care who the person in front of him was.
"Let go of me! Help!"
Joanne shouted, and then the sound of her clothes being torn was heard.
Lucille kicked the door open and walked in.
She kicked the man to the ground with her two feet. The man's head collided
with the head of the bed and he fainted in an instant.
However, Joanne's condition was not much better at that moment.
After being dragged into the room, Joanne had lost all ability to think due to the fragrance and even took the initiative to approach the man.
Lucille took out the silver needles she carried with her and stuck them into
Joanne's head. She used the method of Golden Needle Treatment to force the
incense out of Joanne's body.
Lucille retrieved her silver needles, poured all the incense in the room away, and opened the window to let some fresh air in.
A few gusts of cool wind blew in from outside the window, and Joanne slowly
regained her reason.
The thrilling experience earlier was enough to leave a deep impression on her,
and she was terrified.
Joanne glared at Lucille, gnashing her teeth. "You did that on purpose! You were trying to hurt me!".
If the Plan Succeeded
"I did do it on purpose." Lucille looked down at Joanne's face, which was still full of shock. She slowly muttered, "I don't know why you have such a huge grudge against me to the extent that you're willing to do something like this when you're only seventeen." "In that situation just now, I
suffer, but that's too dirtyould have chosen not to save you and let you
and rotten."
"Joanne, I'm just going to treat you as an ignorant and willful girl. I hope that this will serve as a lesson for you. Remember, don't do to others what you wouldn't want for yourself."
With that, Lucille turned to leave without looking at Joanne's face.
Joanne covered her face with her hands. Thinking of the grievance she had suffered, she cried until she was out of breath.
At this time, a series of footsteps came from the corridor outside. Lucille had brought Samuel along with her, along with quite a few guests.
###Beaten to Death
Even though it was not the first time that Lucille had heard such words, she could still feel a chill in her heart from the original host.
It was nice to have someone protecting you.
The corner of her mouth twitched and she revealed a mocking smile. "I can't tell if you're playing dumb or not, Charles. Let me tell you. If I don't find Yoshua, he will be beaten to death. Do you believe me?" "No."
Charles answered without hesitation.
"We're just locking him up and restricting his freedom so that he won't ruin the wedding. That's such a lame excuse, Lucille. Even a child wouldn't believe you, "he continued.
Lucille suddenly burst into laughter. She looked up at Charles and said
emotionlessly, "I see. You're not playing dumb. You're really just that stupid. Now, get out of my way."
"Don't even think about it!" Charles straightened his neck and added, "I won't give you a chance to hurt Zoey again!"noveldrama
Fine, then.
Lucille had been patient enough. She flung Charles over her shoulder and threw him to the ground. After that, she strode toward the guest room behind the hotel.
If Yoshua was locked up, that was the only place he could be.
Charles was in so much pain that his bones were about to shatter. By the time he managed to crawl up again, Lucille was nowhere to be seen in the long corridor. "You've crossed the line, Lucille!"
He rubbed his tailbone and cursed several times.
Meanwhile, in the guest room, Joanne poked her head out and waited for Lucille to come. She couldn't help but ask the attendant at the door, "Are you Beaten to Death
sure she's here? You didn't mistake her for someone else, did you?"
"Don't worry, Miss. It's definitely her!"
"Alright..."
Joanne was patient and waited for over a minute. Finally, he heard the sound of footsteps coming from afar.
She quietly poked her head out to take a look and saw that it was indeed
Lucille.
Joanne excitedly pushed the man she had hired and urged, "Go and get ready. Do what I told you before. Even if you have to use force, you have to destroy her."
"No problem." The man patted his chest and promised, "Don't worry, Miss Joanne. It's nothing big at all. I'm experienced in this!"
"Yes." Joanne watched the man enter the room she had prepared with
satisfaction.
All kinds of incense was lit in the room.
All she had to do was wait to lure Lucille in and then take a bunch of indecent photos. Lucille would definitely be completely ruined. Joanne suppressed her excitement and walked out of the corner.
However, what she didn't know was that after she left, Zoey was hiding in the bathroom next to her and heard everything clearly.
Zoey had never imagined that Joanne would be so bold as to think of the idea of ruining Lucille's innocence.
She sure was cruel and vicious.
At first, she thought that Joanne would just try to make things difficult for Lucille after tricking her into attending the banquet. She didn't expect that Joanne would come up with such a sinister idea. It was a wonderful surprise for her.
A cold smile appeared on Zoey's face.
It seemed that she had to add fuel to the fire. After Joanne succeeded, she had
Beaten to Death
to find a way to gather the people in the banquet hall in front to let them all see Lucille in her most shameful moment.
Zoey quietly left and walked toward the front hall.
Lucille didn't know where Yoshua was locked up. On her way over, she
searched all the conference rooms and storerooms in the hotel where there might be people hiding, but she still found nothing.
She couldn't go on like this.
Lucille turned around and was about to go to the security room to get the surveillance footage.
At that moment, Joanne popped up out of nowhere. She jutted her chin and said, "Hey, Lucille. Are you looking for Yoshua? I know where he is. I can take you there!"
There was no way the high and mighty daughter of the Gilbert family would be that kind.
Lucille ignored her and kept going.
Joanne was getting anxious.
###If the Pan Succeded If the Plan Succeeded
She chased after Lucille and stood in front of her. She raised her voice and said, "What is it? Do you want fo check the surveillance footage? Don't even think about it. The hotel won't allow you to enter the security room. If you really want to find Yoshua, I can show you kindness and take you to him!"
"Is that so?"
Lucille stared into Joanne's eyes.
Joanne felt a little guilty, but at the thought of how happy she would be if her plan succeeded, she put a whole lifetime's worth of acting skills into this moment
"I swear on my life."noveldrama
Lucille gave him a half-smile. No one knew if she believed her or not.
Just as Joanne's heart was pounding, she heard Lucille speaking in an indifferent voice,
"Lead the way."
Joanne heaved a sigh of relief and led Lucille to the room she had prepared.
They were very close. In just a few steps, they would get there.
Joanne pointed at the closed door in front of her and told a lie with a straight face. "Yoshua is inside. He's been tied up. Go in and have a look!"
With that, Joanne impatiently began to take out the room card to open the door.
She was afraid that Lucille would suspect her, so she took the initiative to explain, "I got the room card! from Zoey.
It was a great excuse.
Lucille flashed a faint grin.
The door cracked open, and a strong fragrance came out of it. The smell was odd. A single whiff was enough to make someone lose all their rationality. Lucille asked calmly, "Joanne, I'll give you another chance. Is Yoshua really in there?"
"Of course!" Jodane answered firmly.
Clearly, she had no intention of repenting.
Lucille shook her head and slowly took a step back.
At that moment, a hand stretched out from the room and dragged Joanne into the room before she could
react.
"Ah!
Joanne's scream was drowned in an instant.
The man inside had already lost his mind because of the incense. He didn't care who the person in front of him was. "Let go of me! Help!"
Joanne shouted, and then the sound of her clothes being torn was heard,
Lucille kicked the door open and walked in.
if the Plan Succeeded
217
She kicked the marrto the ground with her two feet. The man's head collided with the head of the bed. and he fainted in an instant. However, Joanne's condition was not much better at that moment.
After being dragged into the room, Joanne had lost all ability to think due to the fragrance and even took the initiative to approach the man.
Lucille took out the silver needles she carried with her and stuck them into Joanne's head. She used the method of Golden Needle Treatment to force the incense out of Joanne's body.
Lucille retrieved her silver needles, poured all the incense in the room away, and opened the window to let some fresh air in.
A few gusts of cool wind blew in from outside the window, and Joanne slowly regained her reason. The thrilling experience earlier was enough to leave a deep impression on her, and she was terrified. Joanne glared at Lucille, gnashing her teeth. "You did that on purpose! You were trying to hurt me!" "I did do it on purpose." Lucille looked down at Joanne's face, which was still full of shock. She slowly muttered, "I don't know why you have such a huge grudge against me to the extent that you're willing to do something like this when you're only seventeen."
"In that situation just now, I could have chosen not to save you and let you suffer, but that's too dirty and rotten."
"Joanne, I'm just going to treat you as an ignorant and willful girl. I hope that this will serve as a lesson for you. Remember, don't do to others what you wouldn't want for yourself."
With that, Lucille turned to leave without looking at Joanne's face.
Joanne covered her face with her hands. Thinking of the grievance she had suffered, she cried until she was out of breath.
At this time, a series of footsteps came from the corridor outside.
Lucille had brought Samuel along with her, along with quite a few guests.
###GuesRoom
Guest Room
A few minutes ago, Zoey figured that it was about time, so she dragged Samuel along with her and. gathered a few guests. With the excuse of taking them to see a precious painting, she brought them to the guest room behind the hall. Zoey led them and stopped at the door of a guest room
She didn't see Lucille and Joanne in the banquet hall, so she figured that Joanne must have already succeeded.
In other words, Lucille had gotten tricked and was probably the incense...
dirty and unsightly things after inhaling
There was a flash of joy in Zoey's eyes over the success. She turned to look at the crowd and said with smile, "Here it is. The painting inside is part of my father's prized collection. I hope we can all admire it together."noveldrama
Zoey took the room card that she had tricked the front desk into giving her and unlocked the door.
In order not to give the people inside any time to react, Zoey pushed the door open vigorously.
It was time for everyone to feast their eyes.
They could witness how shameless Lucille was!
A sneer appeared on Zoey's face.
However, after getting a clear look at the situation in the room, Zoey was stunned. Samuel and the other guests who had followed closely behind were dumbstruck as well.
On the big bed, an old man passed out.
At the bedside, Joanne's clothes were in disarray and she was sobbing her eyes out. Her thin shoulders were trembling and she was shaking from head to toe Everyone was dumbfounded.
Hadn't Zoey said that they were going to see a painting? What was going on?
The guests could tell what was going on from the scene alone.
At that moment, Samuel served as a wake-up call.
He walked inside in disbelief and shouted, "Joanne?"
"Samuel..."
Joanne cried even harder and her voice was hoarse. She was as pitiful as could be.
Samuel immediately took off his suit jacket and covered Joanne tightly. Then, he turned his head and threatened the guests coldly, "Get out. None of you have seen what happened today. If anyone dares to spread what happened, the Gilbert family will hunt you down!" The guests did not dare to go against the Gilbert family. They quickly agreed and fled.
Samuel made another phone call, and several bodyguards in black immediately rushed into the room.
Samuel pointed to the unconscious man on the big bed and ordered, "Throw him out and sliced him into pieces!"
The bodyguards answered, "Yes, Mr. Samuel!TM
Guest Room
Soon, the man had been carried out by the bodyguards. In the large room, only Samuel and Joanne were left. Zoey was also standing at the end of the bed, and her expression kept changing.
How could this be? How could this have happened?
Wasn't Lucille supposed to be in the room?
Zoey's nails dug into her flesh, and her brows were tightly knitted.
She had come up with the idea of bringing Samuel and a few other guests to see a painting. However, in the end, she showed them Joanne and a man in disheveled clothes, who were in the same room together. Even if nothing had happened, if word got out, it would have a great impact on Joanne and the rest of the Gilbert family.
Moreover, since Samuel valued his precious sister so much, it was inevitable that he would vent his anger on her...
Zoey rushed over with a worried look on her face. Choked with sobs, she asked, "Joanne, how are you? Are you okay?"
Ignoring her, Joanne threw herself into Samuel's arms and burst into tears.
"I was terrified, Samuel. Sob, sob..."
"All right, all right. It's okay now. Don't cry. I won't let anyone hurt you as long as I'm around!"
###What Happened
Samuel patted Joanne's back gently and coaxed her for a while. When he saw that she finally calmed down, he glanced at the sheets and breathed a sigh of relief. He asked, "Joanne, tell me. What happened? Weren't you in the back garden? Why are you here?" Joanne sobbed. She remembered how helpless and desperate she had felt when she was dragged into the room by the man. It was Lucille who had ignored her past wrongdoings and kicked the door open to save her.
Joanne bit her lip and shook his head, saying, "Don't ask, Samuel. Anyway... it's because I was careless."
"Really?"
Samuel obviously did not believe it, but since Joanne refused to say it, he did not intend to ask.
Zoey stood to the side with a glint in her eyes.
No. Joanne must have been hiding something. From what she knew about Joanne, she was an arrogant and capricious little princess. She was definitely not the type of person who could just swallow her anger. Since Joanne refused to say it, Zoey would insinuate things instead.
She stepped forward gracefully and persuaded in a soft voice, "Joanne, this is not a small matter. You must tell the truth for the sake of your reputation. Otherwise, you will be the one suffering." Joanne bit her lip and said nothing.
Zoey sighed. She turned to Samuel and said, "Brother Samuel, Joanne's so young. She must have been scared silly. Even if she doesn't tell us, we can't just let it slide. Besides, there are cameras everywhere in the hotel. If we check the footage, we'll find out what happened."
Hearing that, Samuel was slightly convinced.
This was not a small matter. There was no reason not to investigate.
Besides, he was afraid that Joanne was only refusing to speak because she had been threatened.
Samuel stood up and took out his mobile phone, ready to send someone to the security room to get the surveillance footage.
Joanne was artxious.
If he were to obtain the surveillance footage, wouldn't the things that she wanted to do to Lucille be exposed at the very beginning?
No. She couldn't let her reputation be tarnished like that
Joanne bit his lips and sobbed. "I-It was Lucille!"
was a little tired and wanted to take a rest. Unexpectedly, I bumped into Lucille in the corridor outside. She took me to this room and watched as I was dragged in by that man..." Upon hearing that, Zoey's eyes lit up. She asked, "What happened next, Joanne?"
"Then.... Then, I knocked the man-out. He didn't manage to do anything. I was so scared that I could only keep crying. Joanne sniffed. "After that... you guys showed up." While telling the story, Joanne lowered her head all the way and did not dare to look at Samuel's face, which was completely gloomy.
"Amazing. Amazing, Lucille!"
What Happened
Samuel was so angry that he almost went mad. "I can let go of the fact that she provoked me several times, but she even tried to hurt my sister! This woman is so vicious and cruel!" with Lucille.
With a livid face, Samuel turned around and was about to go settle the sco
However, he was worried that it would be dangerous for the two girls to stay there alone, so he arranged for his bodyguards to send them back.
Lucille stood up and said, "I'll go with you, Samuel! If Lucille really did this, then... as her sister, I'll be far too ashamed to face you and Joanne from now on."
Samuel murmured, "Dummy. What does this have to do with you? It's all because of Lucille's viciousness. I won't let her go!"noveldrama
After that, Samuel asked his bodyguards to take Joanne home while he took Zoey to search for Lucille in the hotel.
His aura was full of murderous intent.
At that moment, Lucille was not in any of the guest rooms. She paid a sum of money to bribe a waiter in the hotel. Only then did the waiter quietly tell her where Yoshua was locked up. He was in a utility room in the corner of the hotel, which was specially used for storage.
In the utility room, Yoshua's hands and feet were tied up, and his mouth was stuffed with a rag.
The person Howard had ordered to watch over Yoshua was his stepson, Timothy.
With a proud look on his face, Timothy kicked Yoshua and arrogantly taunted, "Hey, aren't you the second son of the Jules family? Why do you look like such a pathetic dog, then?"
###Let Go
Yoshua was covered in wounds, and there were several bruises on his handsome face.
He could not speak, but the hatred and sharpness in his eyes stubbornly remained.
"Oh, you're still not sati sfied?" Timothy kicked him twice and said with a cheeky smile, "There's no point in feeling that way, though. It's your fault for offending me. I can let go of the fact that you said you wanted to ruin my mother and stepfather's wedding, but you even intended to throw me out. You were digging your own grave!"
An hour and a half ago...
Yoshua rushed to the hotel and stopped Howard and Victoria, who were both dressed up. With a cold face, he told Howard that he could get remarried If he wanted to, but Timothy wasn't allowed to enter the Jules family. That wasn't an unreasonable request.
Timothy was not a child. He was already a young man in his twenties who could live a peaceful life. How could he become a part of the family just because his mother had married into the Jules family? However, not only was Howard willing to accept Timothy, but he also wanted to register Timothy as an official part of the family.
What did that mean? It meant that Timothy could share all the assets of the Jules family.
What Yoshua found the hardest to accept was that Howard could ignore his own daughter and not care about her, yet he was so caring and protective over an outsider.
How ridiculous.noveldrama
Yoshua just wanted to seek justice for his sister.
However, he underestimated Howard's cruelty and overestimated their father-son relationship.
With his wife quietly sobbing in the background, Howard raised his hand and gave Yoshua a slap. Then, he asked his bodyguards to tie up Yoshua's feet and throw him into the most remote utility room in the hotel.
He also told Timothy to watch over him and that he couldn't let Yoshua escape no matter what.
Howard did this to tell everyone that he was determined to take Timothy in as his son.
What a joke.
Yoshua's eyes were icy, and his heart was full of desolation.
With that slap, the last shreds of their already strained father-son relationship had disappeared completely.
Yoshua closed his eyes. When he opened them again, there was only indifference in his gaze.
"Your bones are quite tough. Why don't I give you two more kicks?" Timothy circled around Yoshua with a
6 grin. He wanted to kick him a few times to relieve his anger, but he saw something hidden in
Yoshua's pocket.
Yoshua noticed what he was going to do and kept struggling with his tied hands.
"Give that to me!"
Timothy chuckled and snatched it away.
Let Go
It was a brocade box.
There was a beautiful pink bow knot on it. Obviously, it was a gift for a girl.
Yoshua was angry. He spat out the rag in his mouth with difficulty and coldly warned, "You'd better give that back to me, or I'll kill you!"
"I won't. Bite me if you can!" Timothy twisted his waist and opened the brocade box.
Inside lay a watch, which was decorated with diamonds. It looked beautiful and expensive.
"This is some good stuff!" Timothy was worried that he didn't have something to pick up girls. Seeing this, he was extremely excited and immediately put the watch into his pocket. It was obvious that he wanted to keep it for himself. Yoshua's eyes were bloodshot, and a cracking sound was heard as his fists clenched.
This was the watch that he had specially commissioned. He was going to give it to Lucille when he returned home!
He could take a beating, but he couldn't allow someone to touch the gift he had prepared for his sister.
Anger churned in Yoshua's heart. Relying on the burst of adrenaline, he struggled out of the rope, even though his wrist was worn out and bleeding.
By the time Timothy noticed, Yoshua had already untied the knot around his feet and was striding toward
him!
Timothy was so scared that he shrank a little. He immediately shouted to the bodyguard outside the door, "Someone, catch him! Hold him down! Don't let him come over!" Bang!
###Not a Bodyguard.
Not a Bodyguard
The door of the storeroom was kicked open.
Timothy looked over with a hopeful expression. However, the person who had entered was not a bodyguard, but the expressionless Lucille.
He was done for.
When Lucille walked into the storage room, she saw that Yoshua was beating Timothy violently. The sound of his fists hitting flesh was muffled and firm.
There was the faint sound of bones breaking.
Timothy was beaten so hard that he almost puked. He had no strength to fight back.
Lucille raised an eyebrow and did not stop him.
Yoshua didn't stop until Timothy was beaten to the brink of death.
He took the brocade box back from Timothy's pocket and icily threw it into the trash can. After getting touched by Timothy's dirty hands, it wasn't worthy of being a gift for Lucille. Yoshua turned around and walked out with a gloomy face. He didn't hesitate at all. Despite that, when he passed by Lucille, he held her wrist as if she was his child. "Yoshua," Lucille suddenly called out. "Give me a second."
After that, Lucille broke free from his grasp. She turned around and returned to the storage room. She then gave Timothy, who was lying on the ground gasping for breath, a hard kick. "Okay. We can go now."
Lucille's tone was indifferent.
oshua was stunned, and there was a glint in his eyes. He smiled and patted Lucille's hair while dotingly saying, "You are indeed my sister."
Lucille remained silent.
Aside from being stubborn, she was also incredibly protective.
Yoshua's face had been beaten blue and black. She couldn't stand to see it. Thus, when she kicked. Timothy, she specifically decided to kick him in a vital spot. It hurt like hell at the moment, but it would hurt even more in the future.
The two of them walked to the entrance of the hotel. When they were about to get in a car and leave,
Samuel suddenly came.
His killing intent surged, as if he was a furious lion.
Lucille was a little confused. Then, she heard Samuel aggressively shouting at her in an unreasonable manner. "Lucille, you are so vicious! I know that you hate me for breaking off the engagement with you, but even if that's the case, you can just come for me. Why did you have to target Joanne?"
"She's not even 17 yet!"
Samuel's voice was stern. In the end, he even raised his hand and slapped Lucille hard in the face.
Lucille's eyes were cold. She didn't try to evade.noveldrama
Not a Bodyguard
The slap was intercepted in midair.
How could Yoshua allow someone to bully Lucille right under his nose?
He clenched Samuel's wrist and punched him without hesitation! "Samuel, you evil b*stard!"
After that punch, Samuel's handsome face turned pale in an instant.
However, Yoshua didn't intend to stop. He gave him two more punches.
Seeing that, Zoey quickly stood in front of Samuel and cried, "Stop, Yoshua. Stop hitting him. Calm down and listen to me first. It really is Lucille's fault this time. She almost ruined Joanne's reputation. It's logical for Samuel to question her!" "F*ck your logic!"
Yoshua immediately swore and scolded, "I see it now. When I was away, you guys were all bullying my sister openly. You'll really accuse her of anything!"
"I'm telling you. If you dare to speak ill of my sister again, I'll beat every single one of you up!"
###They Sarbaus
These Scumbags
Yoshua's eyes were cold.
He had not been in Shein City for many years. Every time he called to ask if his sister was getting bullied, he got no answer.
It was ridiculous that he didn't question it. He had no idea that Lucille was getting taken advantage of by
everyone.
Intense anger enveloped Yoshua's heart, making his blood boil. He wanted nothing more than to beat these scumbags to death. Samuel had been punched a few times, and blood oozed out of the corner of his mouth, which looked shocking.
The bodyguards behind him rushed forward and surrounded Lucille and Yoshua when they saw that Samuel had been hit. They were in a stalemate, and a war could break out at any moment.
The corners of Zoey's mouth lifted slightly. She revealed a tiny bit of pride over the success of her scheme.
No one would have thought that Lucille would laugh at such a critical moment. On top of that, she was laughing out loud.
Everyone looked at Lucille, only to see her eyes sparkling with a dazzling light. As she chuckled, she looked absolutely stunning. There was a laidback aura around her, and she was both pure and bewitching. She was breathtakingly beautiful.
→n Samuel was stunned for a moment.
In the end, rage took over.
With an icy expression, Samuel gritted his teeth and said, "How can you laugh after doing such a shameless thing? Lucille, don't you have any sense of guilt?"
How could he have the gall to say that?
Yoshua was about to hit him, but was stopped by Lucille.
"I don't like explaining myself, but I can't let people frame me just like that." Lucille's gaze was different. She met Samuel's angry eyes and slowly uttered, "I bet you didn't look into the cause before coming tot look for me. You probably didn't even check the surveillance footage."
"Hmph." Samuel sneered. "Is that necessary? Why would my sister frame you when it's related to her reputation and innocence?"
"Why not?"
Lucille's expression remained indifferent.
If you don't believe me, you can go and check the surveillance footage. Oh, by the way, there is a special Incense in the room, which can't be bought on the market. If you want, you can track the source of the buyer and find the clues. Naturally, you will find out that your sister was actually the one who planned to deal with me. Joanne is just asking for trouble."
After Lucille finished speaking. Samuel's expression immediately changed.
However, without thinking, he immediately denied it. "Impossible!
These Scumbus.
Lucille had already expected that to be his answer.
In the past, similar things had happened to the original host many times.
No matter what, everything was all her fault.
She was wrong for standing there, and she was wrong for trying to explain herself. She was wrong for even breathing.
Lucille took a deep breath and stated, "In your eyes, your sister is innocent and kind. Even her arrogance is naive and cute. But in other people's eyes, she's selfish, conceited, and annoying. It's not strange at all for her to do such a thing."
To be honest, when she kicked open the door and chose to save Joanne, she did think that it would come back to bite her.
However, she would still have done it.
It was because she was also a girl.
It was because the Jules family in Dilsburg had protected people for generations. They had always been open and righteous. Even if they wanted to teach people a lesson, they would not be willing to use such a dirty method. However, Samuel did not believe her at all.
"Lucille, you're really sharp-tongued. You can completely twist the story. I'm impressed by your ability to defend yourself!" he scoffed.
Lucille didn't comment. She didn't want to argue anymore. She simply said, "Samuel, do you dare to make a bet? You can check the surveillance footage yourself. If you are wrong, you have to apologize to me. If 1/ am wrong, I will let you deal with it however you want. Do you have the guts to bet?"
one was full of provocation.
"Fine. Let's make a bet!" Samuel was the most excited. He nodded without hesitation and put everything on the line.
Idiot
"Lucille, if you lose, you're going to be my slave. I'll get to order you around for a month! If I lose, I'll also be your slave for a month! What do you think?"
She had never seen an idiot like him who dug his own grave.
Lucille gave him a half-smile. "Sure."
They said it too fast. Before Yoshua and Zoey could stop them, the bet was made.
Yoshua frowned. He didn't say anything to interfere.
He unconditionally believed that Lucille was innocent and would never do such a thing, so there was nothing to be afraid of.
Only Zoey was standing there in a daze.
In her heart, it didn't matter who won in the end. Having to become someone's slave would be a huge slap to the loser's face. However, it also meant that they would be constantly interacting with one another. What if Samuel fell in love with Lucille during this process? Or what if Lucille tried her best to seduce Samuel?
Zoey's face changed dramatically, and a sudden feeling of panic rose in her heart for no reason.
She just wanted to see Lucille get into big trouble. How did things end up like this?
"This is too much, Samuel. It won't be good for both you and Lucille. We don't have to do this. Let's change it to something else..."
by tried to persuade him but was interrupted by Samuel before she could finish.
"Zoey, do you not believe in Joanne?"
"L..." Zoey felt choked up. It was as if she had shot herself in the foot.
What Joanne had done had nothing to do with Zoey, but she didn't want Lucille and Samuel to have a relationship like that.
Zoey took out her phone. While everyone was walking toward the security room, she quietly typed a text.
message.
In the security room....
Under Samuel's orders, the security guard immediately showed the surveillance footage of the guest
room.noveldrama
However, the surveillance footage showed Joanne leading Lucille over. The man who had been waiting in the room dragged Joanne inside. The video flickered, and over ten seconds of the footage was skipped When the footage returned to normal, Lucille walked out of the room with a cold expression. Joanne, who had been dragged into the room by the man, remained motionless.
From the looks of it, it was as if Lucille had planned everything and was deliberately trying to harm
Joanne.
That was because in the middle, she kicked the door down and went in to save Joanne, which took over ten seconds. However, all of it had been cut out
Samuel's face was livid. He roared, "The evidence is solid. What else do you want to say?"
Lucille rubbed her ears and quietly ordered, "Where's the man in the video? Bring him over and question. him."
Samuel was so angry that he laughed. "You're so stubborn, aren't you? Fine. Bring him over!"
As soon as he gave the order, the bodyguards behind him immediately went to do so.
Zoey wanted to stop him, but at this moment, Samuel was so angry that he could not listen to anyone.
Not long after, the man in the video was thrown into the security room by the bodyguards.
The man had been unconscious for a long time. Because the incense was too strong, he did not remember what happened afterward. It was not until he was thrown to the ground that he woke up.
Before Samuel could ask anything, the man thought that he had completed his task and happily told Samuel, "Mr. Gilbert, I've completed my task. Miss Joanne promised me 100,000 dollars. Are you going to give it to me in cash or check?" Hearing this, Samuel's anger was stuck in his throat.
Standing in front of the computer, Lucille quickly restored the surveillance footage that had been cut off before turning on the audio as well.
For a moment, all the monitors in the security room were playing the footage of Lucille and Joanne in the corridor.
The cameras had an audio recording function, so all of them heard every word that was spoken.
###Another Chance
In the video, Joanne said...
"Yoshua is inside. He's been tied up. Go in and have a look!"
Then, Lucille replied, "Joanne, I'll give you another chance. Is Yoshua really in there?"
Joanne answered with absolute certainty, "Of course!"
There was a crack in the door. The next second, Joanne was dragged inside.
Screams were heard from within the room.
Lucille kicked the door open and walked out of it after around ten seconds.
At this moment, the man on the ground finally remembered something. He covered the back of his head with one hand and pointed at Lucille with the other. He angrily grumbled, "You were the one who knocked me out?" Lucille didn't comment.
Samuel was stunned.
That was to say, it was Lucille who kicked the door down and knocked out the man to save Joanne. Otherwise... Joanne might have already been defiled by the time he got there. She wouldn't have been unscathed. Yoshua, who had a bad temper, couldn't bear it anymore. He rushed forward and kicked the man on the ground a few times. Then he grabbed Samuel's collar.
He furiously roared, "Your sister spent 100,000 dollars to hire this man. I think you already know what she's up to, right? I don't hit women, Samuel, so you'll have to take this beating for your sister! Otherwise, don't blame me if I tear her to shreds." After that, he swung at Samuel's face. His fists rained down.
Samuel didn't fight back. He even made a gesture to stop the bodyguards behind him who wanted to rush
over.
Zoey rushed over and yelled, "Enough, Yoshua. Stop fighting. Stop it!"
Yoshua's eyes were already red with killing intent.
He recalled how Lucille had been tricked by Joanne to the door of the room. There was incense inside as well as a man ready to go.
It was obvious what intentions Joanne had in mind.
In his rage, he even felt like murdering Joanne.
However, since she wasn't around, all he could do was beat Samuel to the brink of death.
Samuel was beaten so badly that his nose was bleeding. He reached out to wipe it, but it only caused the blood to smear over his pale, handsome face. He was in quite a sorry state.
Zoey cried and went looking for tissues. She wiped his face for him with a distressed expression. "Are you okay, Samuel?"
"I'm fine." Samuel took the tissue and covered his nose with it. With purple bruises on his face, he looked up at Yoshua and asked indifferently, "Have you vented your anger?" Anothy& Chance
Yoshua was furious, but he laughed. He didn't want Samuel to think that he was free to go after getting a punch or two. Wouldn't that be too easy on him?
He withdrew his hand and reminded him, "Samuel, dont forget that it was you who made the bet just now. Apologize to Lucille immediately. You'll be her slave for a month!"
Upon hearing this, Zoey bit her lip and stepped forward to persuade him. "Forget it, Yoshua. Just tell Samuel to apologize. Becoming Lucille's slave is too much."
"Who do you think you are? Do you think you can say whatever you want just because I'm your brother?" Yoshua had a terrible impression of Zoey. He retorted rudely, "Hilarious. Was I the one who made the bet? Mr. Gilbert said it himself. Now you want to deny it? Why were you so arrogant just now, then?"
If it were the other way around and Lucille hadn't been able to clear her name, would they have let her go? There was no way they wouldn't add fuel to the fire.
Yoshua
sneered.
"But-" Zoey still wanted to say something when Samuel stood up.
"I'm willing to admit defeat."
As Samuel spoke, he walked up to Lucille. For the first time, he lowered his noble head and said, "I'm sorry I apologize on behalf of Joanne."
It was strange to hear him apologizing. Lucille revealed a half-smile.
Wasn't Paying Much Attention
Samuel then added, "Since I've lost, I will try my best to fulfill your request over the next month. However, there is one thing that you must remember."
Why did a slave like him have so many requests?
Lucille scratched her ears, looking languid and nonchalant. She obviously wasn't paying much attention.
Samuel gritted his teeth and said in a deep voice, "Lucille, I'm fulfilling this bet because I'm a man of my word. Despite that, you'd better not think that we can get back together. You'd better not hope that you can get my attention. Give up on that!" Lucille was speechless.
Hmph.
His pride was getting to his head.
The corner of her mouth twitched and she said sarcastically, "How can you be so confident when you're such an average man? Besides, my fiance is Joseph. I would have to be blind to abandon a good man like him for an idiot like you!" Samuel was furious. He was about to retort but was interrupted by Lucille.
"Is that how you treat your master? Hm?"
Fine. He would tolerate it!
Samuel took a deep breath. Hs face darkened.
Lucille didn't want to stay there any longer. Seeing that people were gathering at the entrance of the hotel, she said to Yoshua, "Let's go, Yoshua."
Yoshua nodded.noveldrama
the
The two of them turned around and were about to leave. Unexpectedly, as soon as they turned around," saw a tall figure standing under the street lamp, His figure was upright with a delicate. He looked extremely handsome and graceful. It was Joseph.
His appearance shocked everyone.
Especially Lucille.
While she was still in a daze, Joseph walked over to her step by step.
There was a hint of a smile in his dark and deep eyes. He leaned over and whispered in Lucille's ear, Bobo, I heard you. Were you trying to express your feelings for me?"
She had said earlier that she would have to be blind to abandon a good man like Joseph. Lucille was a little embarrassed by her words earlier. She had only said that to mock Samuel
Of course, it was the truth. Joseph's appearance, figure, and background were far superior to Samuel's
At least, out of all the people she had met before, Joseph was the first one to amaze her.
Lucille came back to her senses and was about to speak when Yoshua suddenly squeezed over, forcing her and Joseph apart. He said with an unhappy face, "Why are you so close to her? It's inappropriate to be so intimate with each other." Wasny Paving Much Attention
Joseph raised his eyebrows and met Yoshua's hostile gaze. He slowly replied, "You weren't able to attend. me and Lucille's engagement party. I don't suppose you'll be absent from the wedding, will you?" Yoshua was heartbroken over that.
He had lost his focus for just a moment. Before he came back from abroad, his precious sister had been stolen away.
Anyone else would have been fine, but it was Joseph. Everyone knew that he was going to die soon. How could such a sick man give Lucille a proper future?
"Come on. Let's go home."
Yoshua ignored Joshua and got into the car with Lucille
Lucille raised an eyebrow and did not refute.
Soon, the sports car sped all the way back to the Jules Residence.
When he got out of the car, Yoshua was quite satisfied with how complacent Lucille was. He couldn't help but sigh to himself. She had chosen Yoshua without any hesitation instead of Joseph. What a relief!
However, when he stepped into the villa and saw the layout inside, Yoshua was dumbfounded.
Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
###The Wall Was Gone
It was completely different from what he saw last timel
Yoshua took a few steps inside and found that the wall in between the villas was gone. The two villas, which used to be separated into two, were now integrated into one.
While he was stunned, he saw Joseph coming in from outside. When Joseph saw him, he greeted him slowly, "Yoshua. What a coincidence."
As if it was a coincidence!
Yoshua was so angry that his hair was about to stand on end. He looked at Joseph and then at Lucille, asking. "Are you two living together now?"
Lucille looked at Joseph calmly.
She didn't intend to respond.
Joseph had to be the one to do it.
Joseph could not help but chuckle, which was a sign of his silent agreement.
Yoshua had personally witnessed his own sister flirting with another man. It made him feel like he was the one intruding.
For a moment, Yoshua felt bitter and angry. He couldn't help but stand in between Lucille and Joseph. Het would rather be a third wheel than let them exchange glances like that.
At that moment, a servant stepped forward and said respectfully to Joseph, "Mr. Joseph, dinner is ready." "Okay," replied Joseph. He said calmly, "Let's eat first.
Lucille walked towards the dining hall, seemingly used to doing so.
Earlier that day, she had been busy looking for Yoshua the whole time she was in the hotel. She had not eaten anything, so she was hungry right then. Yoshua felt incredibly miserable.
He had taken a flight that lasted over ten hours to fly back home. When he arrived at the airport, he went straight to the hotel. Initially, he wanted to stop his poor excuse of a father from allowing his stepson to be recorded in the family register. However, not only was he locked up, but he got beaten to pieces, too. When he smelled the alluring aroma of food floating in the air, his stomach began to growl. However, when he remembered that the other side of the villa was Joseph's territory, he snorted and pretended to be aloof as if he didn't want to accept the invitation. It was like he could lie to himself and refuse to accept the fact that Joseph and Lucille were going to get married.noveldrama
on Yoshua's mind, but when she saw the bruises on his face, she Madam Dahlia didn't know what was couldn't help but exclaim, "Your hands and face are all injured, Mr. Yoshua. I'll get the first-aid kit and patch you up. "Okay."
Yoshua gave a simple response.
Soon, the first-aid kit was brought over.
Although he had been punched a lot and his hands were worn out by the rope, it was just only superficial trauma. All he needed was to apply some ointment. There were no severe wounds. The Wall Was Gone
27
Yoshua put down the cotton swab in his hand and secretly glanced in the direction of the dining hall.
It smelled so good.
Drool flowed down from the corner of her mouth.
Yoshua kept hesitating, but in the end, he couldn't resist the growling of his stomach.
He walked into the dining hall, sat down on the chair, and picked up the cutlery in front of him unceremoniously.
He was Joseph's brother-in-law, anyway. What was the big deal about having a meal?
Soon, the servants served all the dishes one after another.
The atmosphere at the dining table was neutral.
There was barely any expression on Joseph's face. His posture was the same as before, looking laidback and classy.
Yoshua kept a close eye on them. As long as Lucille needed anything, he would give it to her as soon as possible, like water or tissues. He wouldn't give Joseph a single chance.
###Didn't Intend to Side With Either
Once they were done eating, Lucille wiped her mouth and got up. "I'm full. Please enjoy your meal."
Then, Lucille left the dining room and went upstairs. She walked swiftly and it seemed that she didn't Intend to side with either of them.noveldrama
She decided to let them talk amongst themselves.
After Lucille left, Yoshua looked at Joseph with scrutiny and asked, "Mr. Joseph, I won't beat around the bush. I'm sure there are socialites lining up to marry you. I really want to know why you want to get close to my sister. What intentions do you have with Lucy?" Joseph raised his eyebrows and asked with a faint smile, "Do you think your sister isn't good enough for
me?"
""Of course that's not the case!"
Yoshua answered without thinking. "In my eyes, my sister is unique, flawless. She deserves all the best things in Hfe, whether it's men or other things."
That was the biggest difference between him and Charles.
Even though they were both her brothers, Charles thought that Lucille was full of problems and that she was always at fault. He thought that she was destined to bring shame to the family.
Yoshua was the complete opposite. In his eyes, Lucille was the best girl in the world, and no one could compare with her.
Joseph leaned back in his chair and replied slowly, "I feel the same, so that's my reason."
Yoshua obviously didn't believe him.
Joseph laughed and then raised his hand to gesture behind him.
Culver, who was standing behind him, understood what he meant. He immediately grabbed a document and respectfully placed it on the table, which had already been cleared. "What is this?" Yoshua questioned.
"Don't you want to know what happened to your sister while you were abroad? It's the reason why she's changed so much." Joseph pushed the document over and murmured, "You'll know once you read it."
Yoshua was stunned, and then he grabbed the documents in front of him and began to read through them. It listed all the things that Lucille had experienced in the past year, such as being bullied in school, and how people were slandering her.
For example, it described how Lucille was ostracized by her classmates, and how there would even be posters on the classroom door saying that Lucille was not allowed to enter.
Another example was how she had been wrongly accused of stealing something and was beaten half to death by Howard.
On top of that, at Lucille's birthday party, she was pushed into the water. People had held her head down to prevent her from getting up to the point where she was sent to the emergency room. Thankfully, she lived Yoshua finished reading each and every document, and his hands were trembling slightly toward the end. He knew that his sister might have suffered a lot of bullying over the past two months, but he never Didn't Kitend to Side With Lilber
thought to investigate the incidents carefully. The amount of suffering she had been through was far more than he had imagined.
Yoshua clenched his fists. He wanted to rush out and beat up everyone who had bullied Lucille.
Joseph lightly tapped his fingertips. He muttered, "Yoshua, you can't stay by her side forever. There will be times when you won't be able to protect her, but I can.
Yoshua was silent for a long time. Finally, he responded in a hoarse voice, "Mr. Joseph, I hope that you'll stay true to your word. If one day you disappoint her and make her sad and cry, I won't show you mercy!" "That day will never come."
In the depths of Joseph's eyes, subtle affection began to appear as he thought of Lucille.
At that point in the conversation, the two men reached an agreement.
Yoshua immediately got up. He was ready to get even with those people.
Joseph seemed to know what he was thinking. He remarked, "Your father, Howard, teamed up with the Gilbert family to work on a big project. There are more than a few loopholes in the project. If you are interested, you can check it out yourself." "Thank you."
Yoshua thanked him and then left without looking back
It seemed that after that night, the arrogant Howard was going to suffer a huge setback...
###Add Fuel to the Fire
Watching Yoshua drive away, Culver couldn't help asking. "Mr. Joseph, what is Yoshua going to do? Howard is still his father, after all. Will he really watch as Howard goes bankrupt?"
"My guess is that... he's probably going to add fuel to the fire."
The smile on his face was full of hidden meaning.
Speaking of which, among the three sons of the Jules family, Bernard was equivalent to a rock. He was completely indifferent toward everything. On top of that, he had secretly developed his own method of making money early on, so he was already very rich. Because of that, he didn't care about the Jules family's insignificant assets whatsoever.
Although Yoshua was a traitor who had always been reckless, he still cared about their brotherhood deep down. Otherwise, he wouldn't have disobeyed Howard's will and tried to stop Timothy from legally becoming a part of the family. Only Charles, who was a simple-minded fool, was successfully coaxed by Howard. He was way too naive,
He even sided with an outsider to pin the blame on Yoshua, but he never thought about how it was their mother who had given the Jules family its assets while she was still alive. It was ridiculous for Howard's new wife and her son to inherit it. Culver shook his head and couldn't help complaining, "Why is Howard so keen to raise another man's child?"
First, it was Zoey, who he doted on more than his biological daughter.
Now, it was Timothy, whose status had already surpassed Yoshua's
It was outrageous.
Joseph got up in a nonchalant manner and walked out.
The kitten, who was walking gracefully on the ground, gave a meow and then jumped up energetically looking like a spoiled child who wanted a hug.
Joseph scooped the cat up into its arms. When he noticed that it had gotten a little heavier, he couldn't help petting its head and remarking with a smile, "It's been well-fed."
Culver immediately replied, "Every time the servants feed it, it goes over to Mrs. Collins' place and begs her for food. It's been eating more than usual lately. It's finally growing fatter."
Joseph had picked the kitten up off the roadside over a month ago. At the time, it was stuck in the rain. The tiny cat, which wasn't even a month old, was hiding on the side of the road. Its voice was weak, and it was as pitiful as it could be. After being brought home, the servants in the villa fed it every day, which made its fur shine. It looked especially healthy.
""Meow, meow...
The cat meowed, its big and round eyes looking clear and pure.
Joseph scratched its head and asked, "You want to see your other owner, huh? In that case, I'll take you there."
With that, he strode upstairs with his long and slender legs and walked toward Lucille's room...
The corner of Culver's eyes twitched and he couldn't help but complain to himself, "Mr. Joseph is
AL
becoming more and more shameless..."
In the bedroom upstairs, Lucille had just taken a shower. Before she could even finish drying her hair, she heard a knock on the door.
Lucille wiped her hair as she walked over to open the door.
What came into sight was the cute and adorable face of a cat, with its ears standing upright and big round eyes. It was unbelievably cute! ""Meow!"
The kitten cried out in a cute voice.
Joseph took the opportunity to enter Lucille's room and calmly sat down on the small couch. He completely made himself at home.
Lucille picked up the little cat patiently. She didn't mind Joseph's attitude, either. She simply questioned, "What did you say to Yoshua? Did you piss him off?"
When Yoshua was driving away, she saw him leave from upstairs.
However, when she thought about it, it seemed unlikely.
Considering Yoshua's personality, he wasn't the type to leave gloomily. It was more likely that he would bring the roof down.
Jóseph raised an eyebrow and glanced at Lucille calmly. With a faint grin, he answered, "I told him that as your fiance, I will take good care of you and that the engagement between us is serious."
Lucille went silent. Her hand froze for almoment, but she quickly returned to normal. She calmly stated, "I see. That's good, then."
It was agreed that would put on an act in front of other people. They were supposed to help each other/ and benefit from it.
It was inevitable that they would have to tell white lies like that.
Joseph continued, "I also told Yoshua that Howard and the Gilbert family's big project is about to be completed, but there are many pitfalls in the project. If even a tiny accident happens, Howard will be forced to apply for bankruptcy." "I see."
Didn't Intend to Leave
Lucille's expression did not change. Her tone grew even more indifferent.
It had nothing to do with her. If she had to say something, it would be that she wanted to fan the flames.
The two of them chatted for a while. Seeing that Joseph didn't intend to leave, Lucille couldn't help but remind him, "Mr. Joseph, it's getting late. It's already 11 p.m."
"Yes, I know." Joseph leaned lazily on the sofa with a subtle smile on his handsome and flawless face. His eyes were filled with something that Lucille could not understand.
Even though it was so late, he still wanted to stay in her room and wouldn't leave.
"I'm going to sleep."noveldrama
Lucille immediately ordered him to leave.
Joseph stood up and approached her.
Lucille thought that he was going to take the kitten back, so she petted its head and was about to return it to him. Unexpectedly, the moment she lowered her head, a light kiss landed on the space between her eyebrows. "Good night."
Joseph chuckled and left the room before Lucille could react.
She wiped her forehead. It was the second time he had done that!
They had agreed not to engage in any intimate behavior, but that b*stard had taken advantage of her twice!
There was finally a crack in Lucille's usually calm expression.
Viciously, she grumbled, "Jerk!"
The little cat in her arms also meowed twice, as if it was echoing Lucille's words.
Indeed.
Lucille stroked its head and couldn't help laughing. "So you think the same. How obedient." "Meow, meow meow."
It wasn't like the cat had any bad intentions, after all. All it wanted was to eat fish.
The next morning...
After breakfast, Lucille headed straight for school.
She hadn't
to school for a few days. The leave she applied for had ended a long time ago. If she didn't go, she might get even more marks deducted.
Lucille parked her car in the parking lot.
Most of the students in the private school were rich, so there was a parking lot just for the students.
Lucille got out of her car and walked in the direction of the classroom.
On her way there, she happened to run into Master Walton, who was walking out.
Didn't tend to Leave
When he saw Lucille, he hurriedly said, "Miss Bambo, come perform a check-up with me. There's a tricky problem that you need to treat personally!"
"What's the problem?"
"I can't say for sure. It's very serious, especially since the patient who needs to be treated this time has a special identity. I can't refuse them. Come with me, Miss Bambo. Your presence will give me confidence." Master Walton's face was full of sincerity.
Lucille did not think much of it and agreed immediately.
Back when she admitted that she was Bambo to Master Walton, she had told him that she would help perform check-ups. One reason was for her to earn money, and the other was to accumulate some useful connections. That way, when she returned to Dilsburg in the future, it might be of use to her.
However, when Lucille got there, she found out that the person she was supposed to perform a check-up on was the famous head of the Melling family in Shein City, Master Melling.
The person Master Melling had told to welcome them was none other than the eldest daughter of the Melling family, Fiona.
###Constantly on Her Feet:
Constantly on Her Feet
Fiona had never imagined that Lucille would be the one coming with Master Walton to treat her grandfather.
It seemed that she couldn't avoid bumping Into Lucillenoveldrama
Over the past month, Fiona had been so busy that she was constantly on her feet. On one hand, he had to take over the family. On the other hand, she had to deal with her grandfather's sudden illness which seemed incurable. As the granddaughter of the Melling family who was about to rise to power, she had to take good care of Master Walton and watch over him.
That was also the reason why she had no time to try and get closer to Joseph, much less give Lucille a warning and teach her a lesson.
She didn't expect that Lucille would come right to her door.
Fiona's slightly mocking gaze swept past Lucille. She then looked past her and said to Master Walton, Thank you for coming, Master Walton. I'll have to trouble you with treating my grandfather."
Master Walton looked at Fiona and then at Lucille. He could faintly sense the hostility coming from Fiona. He didn't think too much about it. He nodded and said, "Let's go in and see Master Melling first."
"This way please, Master Walton."
Fiona lifted her chin and led the way.
Master Walton was about to turn around and say that Lucille could walk in front, but she shook her head, slightly and stopped him with a gaze.
She didn't want to expose her identity as Bambo for no reason.
Master Walton understood and coughed softly. Then, with his hands clasped behind his back, he strode into the magnificent villa of the Melling family.
It had to be said that the Melling family was truly imposing.
Aside from the Collins family, which no one could compare to, the other three influential families in Shein City were the Melling family, the Gilbert family, and the Nelson family, who had always kept a low profile and rarely showed themselves. Master Walton lowered his voice. He was worried that Lucille was unaware, so he gave her an explanation.
"Miss Bambo, when you see Miss Melling's father, who's the current patriarch of the Melling family, remember to be polite. He holds quite a lot of power in Shein City. He's an inspector who doesn't even go easy on his own family." What exactly was an inspector?
As the name implied, it was someone who had the responsibility of inspection An inspector could control
all the guards in Shein City with a single command.
There were also a few positions above the supervisor, including the ombudsman and inspector general.
In other words, even though Miss Melling's father was only a low-level inspector, he still held a high position that most people couldn't afford to offend, Constantly on Her Feet
After Master Walton finished relaying the instructions to her, he saw that Lucille's expression was indifferent. He didn't know if she was listening or not. Soon, they arrived at Master Melling's room.
The room was very large, elegant, and luxurious. Even though there were many relatives of the Melling family standing guard, they did not feel that the room was crowded.
As the patriarch of the Melling family, Hogan Melling was sitting at the head of Master Melling's bed. Seeing that Master Walton had arrived, Hogan stood up and greeted him politely. "Thank you for coming. Master Walton."
"Not at all." Master Walton stepped forward and took Master Melling's pulse while he was unconscious. Strangely, his pulse was completely normal. There were no strange symptoms. Master Walton frowned and checked Master Melling's wrist. He wondered if he had been poisoned like Hilda's daughter.
Despite that, after a thorough examination, he found nothing.
Master Walton couldn't help glancing at Lucille, who was standing behind him. Seeing her indifferent expression and indecipherable emotions, he wondered if she had found out the cause of the disease. He had no choice but to try treating Master Melling for the time being. Master Walton took out his tools and began to treat Master Melling.
During the process, the rest of the Melling family watched from the side and began to talk among themselves. "I wonder what happened to Master Melling. He keeps falling unconscious, and he's always talking about things that we don't understand." "Exactly. We're so worried."
"Master Walton is an expert in traditional medicine. With his help, I think Master Melling will be fine soon."
Slory Woke Up
###lory Woke Up Slowly
Woke Up
Maybe it was because everyone was expecting it to happen, or because Master Walton's medical skills had greatly improved. Either way, Master Melling, whose eyes had been tightly shut, slowly woke up after the treatment. "Dad, are you okay?"
Hogan immediately stepped forward.
The other family members immediately gathered around him. "Dad, how do you feel?"
Master Melling shook his head as if he was not completely conscious. In less than two minutes, he fell asleep again.
"What's going on, Master Walton?"
Master Walton let out a murky sigh and replied, "I checked his pulse, and there's nothing wrong with it. His pulse is normal, so I can't pinpoint the reason behind his condition for now."
With that, Master Walton moved aside and said to Lucille behind him, "Miss- Ahem. Come here."
Everyone's attention finally fell on Lucille.
Hogan was stunned at first, and then he said with a gloomy face, "You must be kidding, Master Walton. If even you can't find the cause of the issue, how can you ask a young girl to do it?" The others echoed his words.noveldrama
"That's right! What could a young girl like her know? For all we know, she might not only be unable to cure
father but even end up making his condition worse
Master Walton felt his head swell. He wasn't certain that Lucille could cure Master Welling either, so he didn't dare to say anything. He just said, "I'm only letting her check his pulse. It won't hurt the old man. Besides, my student is very talented in this field. Maybe she can find some clues."
Hogan refused,
""Nonsense!"
The crowd cast looks of disbelief at Lucille as she raised her eyebrows and asked, "How much is the fee?" Master Walton was stunned for a moment, but he still answered honestly, "Two million."
"Tsk." Lucille's face was full of contempt. "That's too little."
If it were any other family, she would be willing to accept that amount as the treatment fee and simply ask them to owe her a favor. However, it was the Melling family they were talking about. Considering Fiona's enmity toward her, there was no need to bother getting on their good side. She might as well make a good profit from them.
Upon hearing that, the members of the Melling family burst into laughter out of pure rage.
'She's young, but she's got the guts, alright!"
'Two million is not enough? Do you have the skills to cure Master Melling, then?"
Lucille raised an eyebrow.
Noncommittally, she replied, "I can cure him."
Hearing Lucille's confident words, everyone from the Melling family sneered.
Slowly Wore Up
"Hmph. How shameless!"
Hogan was about to send Lucille flying, but there was a glint in Fiona's eyes as she quickly stopped him." Dad, we don't have any other choice. Why don't we let her try?" "Nonsense!"
Hogan frowned and grumpily continued, "Do you take your grandfather's health as a joke?" "Dad..."
Fiona whispered something into her father's ear. Instantly, Hogan's face fell. He looked at Lucille again, and his gaze grew even sharper.
Unexpectedly, she was Joseph's fiancee. She was none other than the infamous abandoned daughter of the Jules family in Shein City.
Fiona knew that she had successfully convinced his father, so she looked at Lucille and arrogantly challenged, "Lucille, if you can cure my grandfather, I'll pay you tenfold. Instead of two million, it'll be twenty. What if you can't cure him, though? How are you going to compensate?"
It was obvious that she was implying something.
Lucille waited for her to continue speaking with a faint smile.
Fiona raised his chin slightly and proudly declared, "If you can't do it, you'll have to take the initiative to break off your engagement with Mr. Joseph and leave Shein City forever! What do you think?" Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward
###The Source of Her Hostility
Betting a marriage contract was crossing the line.
Master Walton's expression changed. He finally knew the source of Fiona's hostility toward Lucille.
Everyone in Shein City knew that Flona, the eldest daughter of the Melling family, was infatuated with Joseph. There was even a rumor that she would eventually become the Collins family's mistress.
Obviously, she was angry that it wasn't coming true.
Master Walton tugged at Lucille's sleeve, signaling for her not to take the bait. Treating someone was meant to be done out of kindness. If they were unable to save a patient, there wasn't anything they could do about it. There was no need for her to bet her engagement on it.
Even so, Lucille chuckled and agreed without hesitation.
"Sure."
Fiona's eyes lit up. "Keep your word, then. Don't go back on it!"
There was nothing to go back on.
Lucille was about to earn 20 million dollars for doing practically nothing. She would have to be stupid to
refuse.
After giving a lazy response, she walked forward and retrieved the tools that Master Walton had brought, She even skipped the process of taking Master Melling's pulse and immediately began treating him.
When the members of the Melling family saw this, their faces turned pale with fear.
They wanted to reprimand Lucille but were stopped by Fiona.
"Don't worry. We have Master Walton here. Wait a little longer."
Fiona was determined to make Lucille back off.
Even Master Walton couldn't handle a disease like this She refused to believe that Lucille, a new student, could do something that even an expert couldn't.
She wanted to wait and see.
She had to take advantage of the opportunity and make Lucille give up her position as the mistress of the Collins family.
The rest of the Melling family members looked at each other, frowning so intensely that they would be dead if looks could kill. However, since Hogan did not say anything, they naturally had no right to criticize Fiona, who was the successor of the Melling family. At that moment, one of them exclaimed, "Look! What's that?"noveldrama
-Everyone's eyes immediately fell on Master Melling.
Lucille made an incision in the space between Master Melling's eyebrows. Immediately, a puff of black gas emerged from the slit.
The black gas disappeared in the blink of an eye. The Melling family members were so shocked that their eyes widened. If they hadn't seen it themselves, they wouldn't have believed it.
Seeing that, Master Walton couldn't help but gasp.
"I-Is that dark energy?"
The Source of Her Hostility
Lucille retrieved her tools and casually replied, "That's right."
Everyone had different energies in their body. Master Melling's condition because of a disease, but rather, due to his body being tainted by dark energy. He often fainted and lacked energy. He would keep talking to himself as if he was hallucinating.
Lucille turned around. She tore a plece of paper and wrote down her bank account number. Then, she handed it to Fiona and said with a faint grin, "Thanks for the money, Miss Melling."
Fiona gritted his teeth silently and took the note with hatred. She icily grumbled, "As long as r grandfather wakes up safe and sound, I will give you 20 million dollars. No more, no less." my
"That's good."
Lucille was in a good mood and left the Melling family home leisurely.
"Miss Bambo!" Master Walton rushed out after her. He had countless questions in his heart, and the only person who could answer him was Lucille.
"Miss Bambo, is Master Melling really cured now? Where did that dark energy come from? How could you tell that his condition was caused by dark energy instead of some other disease?"
Faced with that series of questions, Lucille smiled and replied, "I'll get you a medical book one of these days. You can study it by yourself. If you go through it thoroughly, you'll be able to accurately diagnose someone when you encounter similar symptoms in the future." Master Walton was overjoyed. "Thank you, Miss Bambo!"
###Good Mood
"Let's go."
Lucille drove away.noveldrama
As she drove, the twenty million dollars was transferred into her account. It seemed that Master Melling had woken up.
Lucille was in a good mood after earning such a large sum of money without much effort. She took a turn and made her way toward Tech Connex Pavilion.
Looking at it from a distance, Tech Connex Pavillon was no longer a small shop. It had turned into a large building, which looked very impressive.
Lucille parked her car at the door and walked in gracefully.
When Hugo and James saw her, their eyes lit up. However, there were other customers around them, so they didn't dare to expose Lucille's identity. They could only pretend that they did not know her and shouted, Welcome, Miss." Lucille looked around and found that there were many customers. There were a lot of people on all floors, and there was a long line of people queuing up.
How could it be so popular?
She was a little surprised. Ever since Tech Connex Pavilion rose to fame, there were indeed many customers coming to try it out, but it was the first time that she had seen so many people lining up.
How had they promoted the place?
Seeing that Lucille was puzzled, Hugo chuckled and murmured, "Boss, do you want to know why this is happening? A huge amusement park was built on the road behind Tech Connex Pavilion, right? Today is the grand opening
"Yes." Lucille nodded. She knew about that. She also knew that Howard had invited a lot of manpower for the opening ceremony. He also invited a celebrity to host the event and organized a dance performance. In short, it was so grand that it was well-known all over the city.
What did that have to do with Tech Connex Pavilion, though? Lucille did not understand.
Hugo held back his gloating smile and added, "At the very end of the ceremony, they were about to cut the ribbon, but in the next second, there was no power in their area. It was so funny how all the customers ran away while cursing the place." What did that mean?
It meant that on the first day of the amusement park's opening, it couldn't even begin operations due to the power cut.
Lucille couldn't hold back her laughter.
She could already see Howard's face flushing red with rage.
Hugo continued, "Apparently, Howard spent a lot of manpower and resources on this opening. He even booked a hundred buses, saying that it was first come first serve for any customers. Now, they can't open the amusement park because of the lack of power, so all the tourists came to Tech Connex Pavilion."
They had gotten a boatload of customers without lifting a finger.
Good Mood
Howard had basically allowed them to reap all the benefits of his hard work.
Of course, they didn't mind if he did it a few more times.
Lucille smirked and asked, "By the way, where is Robert?"
"Mr. Evans is studying the map of the virtual world in his room. He hasn't come out for a few days."
"Don't push him too hard."
Lucille gave them a few words of advice before leaving Tech Connex Pavilion.
She drove all the way back to the Jules Residence. As soon as Lucille walked into the living room, she saw Joseph sitting on the sofa with the cat in his arms.
The man looked laidback and casual, and the aura on his face was as cold as usual.
There was another person sitting across from him.
It was none other than Fiona.
She had come to complain almost immediately.
Lucille acted like she hadn't seen anything and walked straight upstairs.
Upse
Upset
###Upse
Upset
There was a hint of pride in Fiona's eyes.
She looked at Joseph and said with a smile, "Josh, I heard that Grandma wants to go visit St. Mary Church. I just heard that the head priest of St. Mary Church is coming back next week. Shall we take Grandma with us then?" Fiona deliberately raised her voice to make sure that Lucille, who was already going upstairs, could hear
her.noveldrama
However, Lucille did not stop for a second. She slowly went up to the second floor and returned to her room before closing the door behind her.
In the living room, Madam Dahlia was about to serve Fiona a cup of scented tea since she was a guest. When she heard that, she stopped in her tracks and instantly got upset.
Fiona's true intentions were way too obvious.
Joseph was already engaged, after all. How could she refer to Madam Collins as "Grandma" and suggest that they take her with them? That made it sound like she was Joseph's fiancee instead of Lucille. Madam Dahlia secretly rolled her eyes, then turned around and left with the tea.
She would simply let Fiona die of thirst!
No matter what, she wouldn't serve her.)
Fiona was completely focused on Joseph. After she was done speaking, she carefully looked at him.
The man had a half-smile on his face, and it was hard to tell whether he was happy or angry. His deep eyes were cold and didn't have a semblance of warmth in them, which was shocking.
Fiona was a little flustered. It felt like she couldn't hide her thoughts in front of him. She hurriedly explained, "Josh, don't be angry. It was just a suggestion. If-"
Joseph interrupted her carelessly.
"It seems that you didn't listen to anything I said last time, Miss Melling."
What had he said last time?
He said... that they weren't close.
Fiona's face stiffened. With a wronged look on her face, she murmured, "Do you really have to be like this, Josh? We've known each other for so many years, and we grew up together. Don't you care about our friendship at all?" Joseph had a faint grin on his face. "Did we?"
Those two words alone were as ruthless as they could be.
He didn't remember, and he didn't care.
Fiona was choked up.
She knew that she would get a heart-wrenching answer like that.
The Collins and Melling families were old friends. That was the only reason why she had met Joseph a few times when she was young. Other than that, there was no connection between them.
They truly weren't close at all.
Upsel
She had wanted to try and soften Joseph's heart, but it was impossible.
Fiona paused for a moment, but she still pretended to be oblivious. She smiled and said, "Josh, the truth is, I'm not here for you this time. I'm here for Miss Lucille. I have to thank her in person for saving my grandfather. Fortunately, she has amazing medical skills. Otherwise, she would have taken the initiative to break off the engagement with you." Break off the engagement?
Joseph's eyes grew sharp. "What do you mean?"
"Ah. I seem to have said too much." Fiona pretended to be flustered and covered his mouth. Seeing that Joseph was upset, she paused and hesitantly said, "Honestly, it's nothing much. It's just that Lucille used her marriage contract with you as a bet. She said that if she lost, she would take the initiative to break off the engagement with you..."
No man would be able to accept it if their fiancee treated their engagement as a bet..
Fiona's eyes flickered, and she couldn't hide the pride in her heart.
That was the real purpose of her visit.
She wanted to sabotage their relationship.
She refused to believe that the usually indifferent Joseph would still be neutral in the face of that information.
However, to Fiona's surprise, not only was Joseph not angry, he even had a subtle smile on his face.
He petted the cat's head and muttered.to himself in a helpless and doting tone, "Hm... It seems that I'm not good enough as a fiance."
Fiona was at a loss for words.
What was wrong with him? Shouldn't he have gotten furious and questioned Lucille about what the marriage contract meant to her? It would be best if the two of them had a big fight and parted ways. Then, the engagement would be canceled and they would no longer have anything to do with each other,
However, to Fiona's surprise, Joseph had placed the blame on himself. He felt that it was because he hadn't done well enough that Lucille wasn't taking their relationship seriously.
###Furry Creature
What the f*ck?
She wasn't there to help. She was here to steal Lucille's man!
Fiona was so angry that she wanted to explode, but she could only suppress his anger. She reached out to the kitten on the sofa and murmured, "Ah, this cat is so cute. Is it Lucille's?"
As far as she knew, Joseph was very serious about cleanliness. He would never raise a furry creature like
that.
The cat must have been brought home by Lucille.
Who did she think she was?
Fiona stretched out her hand, wanting to hold the kitten. However, as soon as she reached out, the cat's hair stood on end and its claws scratched her wildly. Its movement was as fast as lightning. "Ah!"
Fiona let out a blood-curdling scream. When she looked down again, he saw that the back of her fair hand was in a terrible state. There were at least a dozen scratches on her skin, and blood was dripping everywhere. She had never suffered so much.
Fiona was furious. If it weren't for the fact that she was still rationally aware of Joseph's presence, she would have captured the tiny b*stard and beaten it to death.
"Josh..." Fiona held back her tears and whined pitifully. This cat is too fierce. You shouldn't keep something like this in your house."
Joseph had an indecipherable expression.
"Are you trying to tell me what to do?"
"T-That's not what I meant...." Fiona bit his lip. There was a heartbreaking look on her beautiful face.
Joseph had long lost his patience. He gave the servant next to him a simple order.noveldrama
"Send Miss Melling to the hospital."
After saying that, Joseph walked straight up the stairs. He had no intention of paying attention to her at all.
Fiona had barely managed to get in. How could she be willing to leave just like that?
Just as she was about to follow him, a servant blocked her way and politely said, "Miss Melling, that's not the way out."
Culver had arranged for a driver to wait at the gate of the villa. He stated, "Miss Melling, I'll get a driver to take you to the hospital to treat your wound."
"No need."
Insisting to stay would only add to her embarrassment.
Fiona gritted her teeth and turned to leave.
Meanwhile, on the second floor of the villa...
Furry Creature
Lucille was browsing through the news about the opening of Howard's large amusement park. In such a large area, only the amusement park was completely out of power. Logically speaking, no matter how she thought about it, it seemed that someone had planned it. Who was the culprit?
While she was pondering the issue, she heard someone knocking on the door.
"It's not locked. Come in."
Lucille didn't care who was knocking. She replied without raising her head.
She tapped her finger lightly and clicked on another article. It said that the electricity all over the amusement park was affected due to the power lines being rerouted. It involved many places and would take at least a month to recover.
After such a long time, all the hype would have died down.
Because of that, everyone who had been encouraged to invest in the amusement park was calling and asking for their money back.
Howard had been backed into a corner.
He couldn't go forward, nor could he retreat.
It truly brought a smile to her face.
Lucille's lips curled into a grin. She turned off the computer and raised her head to look at the man. "What is it, Mr. Joseph?"
###re You Busy
Joseph entered in a calm and lazy manner. There was a meaningful smile on his handsome face. He asked, "Are you busy this weekend, Bobo?"
Lucille was a little surprised. "Why?"
"Let's go on a date."
She didn't respond.
Lucille was stunned for a second. Seeing the playful expression on Joseph's face, she hummed in response and then replied with a fake smile, "I'm busy.
Joseph was not angry. He smiled and added, "I lied. Grandma wants us to accompany her to St. Mary Church this weekend. Apparently, the flowers are in bloom." It turned out to be Madam Collins' idea.
She had no choice but to agree.
Lucille paused before replying, "Okay."
However, Joseph showed no signs of leaving. Lucille couldn't help but look up. Confused, she asked, "Is there something else, Mr. Joseph?"
He had a serious expression on his face. "Bobo, I heard that you used our marriage as a bet and said that you want to break off the engagement with me."noveldrama
So that's what it was.
It seemed that Fiona had been adding more fuel to the fire earlier.
Lucille's eyes were indifferent and her expression was slightly cold. "I did. What about it?"
She was ready to have a fight with Joseph and break up with him. Unexpectedly, he suddenly lowered his head, and his hot breath fanned out on her face. His eyes, which were as deep as the sea, were filled with unprecedented arrogance and stubbornness. He said...
"Don't do that again."
"Whether you win or lose, it won't change the fact that you are the mistress of the Collins family."
"That's why a bet like that would be totally invalid."
His deep and pleasant voice was alluring and seductive.
Lucille had never expected such words to come out of Joseph's mouth. She was stunned and did not react immediately.
Joseph laughed. The crimson in the corner of his eyes grew even more intense and dazzling. It was as if the icy wall around him had melted in an instant. The warmth of spring could be felt in the space between his eyebrows.
It was a sin. His face was so handsome that it was lethal.
It was a threat to the nation's safety.
Lucille was dazed for a few seconds before she came to her senses.
wwwww
Are You Buy
Joseph had already left by then.
The door was closed again.
However, her heart was beating wildly, and it wouldn't stop.
Lucille let out a long breath before she finally calmed down.
Over the next few days, Shein City was bustling with activity.
The large amusement park project, which had completely lost power, died just like that. Howard tried his best to attract all kinds of people, but all of them were stolen away by Tech Connex Pavilion.
Every day, countless tourists ran to Tech Connex Pavilion. At one point, nobody could get in at all.
James and Hugo had been so busy that they were constantly on their feet for a few days, and their revenue had increased wildly. There were many new customers every day, and there were even more old customers who kept coming back. With that, the Tech Connex Pavilion expanded once again. In just a few months, it had grown from a small store to a large building.
Howard was furious.
He was so angry that he almost exploded. His earlier complacency had disappeared. Every day at home, he would either smash things or scolded the servants. A few of them were so terrified that they either resigned or ran away. That day, the Jules family's villa was in chaos again.
###We'll Think of a Way
After Howard lost his temper, he sat down on the sofa and panted slightly.
Zoey stepped forward hesitantly and whispered, "Dad, don't be angry. We'll think of a way."
Howard did not speak. Obviously, he was mentally exhausted.noveldrama
As of late, the large amusement park was constantly being hounded by business partners, investors, employees, and dealers who were collecting debt every day.
However, all of his money had been invested in this project. He made a desperate effort and bet everything on it. He thought that as long as this project succeeded, he would soon be able to get the money back, and he would soon earn dozens of times the profit. Despite that, before he could even do so, he ended up in a bottomless pit.
Howard was furious.
He even began to think that the reason why his amusement park had become like this was because of Tech Connex Pavilion.
As long as Tech Connex Pavilion was destroyed, his amusement park would definitely come back to life. Howard opened his eyes. Because he hadn't slept for a few days, his eyes were red and his expression was fierce. It shocked Zoey, who came forward to comfort him. "Dad, what, what's wrong with you?"
"Nothing." Howard took a deep breath and secretly made plans of his own.
If he couldn't succeed, then nobody could.
Zoey bit her lips and asked again, "Dad, didn't Samuel invest one billion dollars before? The other relatives of the Gilbert family invested, too. Isn't that enough to make up for the loss?"
If this matter was not handled properly, the Jules family's company would be severely affected and be on the verge of bankruptcy.
What would be the use of her owning 10% of the shares, then?
Zoey really didn't want to give up.
However, her words made Howard's eyes brighten.
He grabbed Zoey's hand and said, "Zoey, my precious daughter. How about you talk to Samuel and ask him to give me another one billion dollars? When the electricity is restored, I'll pay him back double the amount!" "Um..." Zoey looked troubled.
She had been the one who had asked Samuel to invest a billion dollars into the project. She had begged him and persuaded him until he finally agreed.
Now that things had become like this, it was a huge loss
She didn't know whether would agree to invest in this bottomless pit. However, the Gilbert family, who never liked her in the first place, would probably disapprove of her and Samuel getting married even more.
Zoey shifted her gaze and replied, "Dad, hasn't Yoshua been handling a business abroad for the past few years? Last time, I saw him casually give Lucille a gift worth tens of millions of dollars. He must have money. It wouldn't be a problem for Yoshua to hand over some money and make up for the losses."
We'll fook of a Way
""Is that so?"
Howard frowned. He was rather skeptical.
It was true that Yoshua had gone abroad after becoming an adult, but Howard never believed that his son could really make a name for himself.
Zoey took the opportunity to say, "Dad, we're a family. We stick together through thick and thin. I'm sure Yoshua understands that. Besides, this is the most convenient method we have. As long as we manage to recover for a while, we'll be able to get through this crisis." Howard nodded. "That's true."
After that, he took out his mobile phone and called Yoshua.
The first time, there was no answer.
The second time, the call was directly rejected.
Howard's anger grew and he called the third time.
This time, Yoshua accepted the call, and his frivolous voice was heard from the other end of the line.
"If you have something to say, hurry up. I'm busy."
What a rude son!
Howard roared, "How dare you speak to your father in that tone?"
"Hm? What's wrong with my tone?" Yoshua put on a fake smile. "Also, let me remind you that I'm not your son. Don't you remember how you slapped me at the door of the hotel that day and disowned me?" Spin to Claim Your Surprise Reward!
###We'll Think of a Way
After Howard lost his temper, he sat down on the sofa and panted slightly.
Zoey stepped forward hesitantly and whispered, "Dad, don't be angry. We'll think of a way."
Howard did not speak. Obviously, he was mentally exhausted.
As of late, the large amusement park was constantly being hounded by business partners, investors, employees, and dealers who were collecting debt every day.
However, all of his money had been invested in this project. He made a desperate effort and bet everything on it. He thought that as long as this project succeeded, he would soon be able to get the money back, and he would soon earn dozens of times the profit. Despite that, before he could even do so, he ended up in a bottomless pit.
Howard was furious.
He even began to think that the reason why his amusement park had become like this was because of Tech Connex Pavilion.
As long as Tech Connex Pavilion was destroyed, his amusement park would definitely come back to life.
Howard opened his eyes. Because he hadn't slept for a few days, his eyes were red and his expression was fierce. It shocked Zoey, who came forward to comfort him
"Dad, what, what's wrong with you?"
"Nothing" Howard took a deep breath and secretly made plans of his own.
If he couldn't succeed, then nobody could.
Zoey bit her lips and asked again, "Dad, didn't Samuel Invest one billion dollars before? The other relatives of the Gilbert family invested, too. Isn't that enough to make up for the loss?"
If this matter was not handled properly, the Jules family's company would be severely affected and be on the verge of bankruptcy.
What would be the use of her owning 10% of the shares, then?
Zoey really didn't want to give up.
However, her words made Howard's eyes brighten.
He grabbed Zoey's hand and said, "Zoey, my precious daughter. How about you talk to Samuel and ask him to give me another one billion dollars? When the eléctricity is restored, I'll pay him back double the amount!" "Um..." Zoey looked troubled.
She had been the one who had asked Samuel to invest a billion dollars into the project. She had begged him and persuaded him until he finally agreed.
Now that things had become like this, it was a huge loss
She didn't know whether would agree to invest in this bottomless pit. However, the Gilbert family, who never liked her in the first place, would probably disapprove of her and Samuel getting married even more. Zoey shifted her gaze and replied, "Dad, hasn't Yoshua been handling a business abroad for the past few years? Last time, I saw him casually give Lucille a gift worth tens of millions of dollars. He must have money. It wouldn't be a problem for Yoshua to hand over some money and make up for th
"Is that so?"
Howard frowned. He was rather skeptical.
It was true that Yoshua had gone abroad after becoming an adult, but Howard never believed that his son could really make a name for himself. Zoey took
the opportunity to say, "Dad, we're a family. We stick together through thick and thin. I'm sure Yoshua understands that. Besides, this is the most convenient method we have. As long as we manage to recover for a while, we'll be able to get through this crisis." Howard nodded. "That's true."
After that, he took out his mobile phone and called Yoshua.
The first time, there was no answer.
The second time, the call was directly rejected.
Howard's anger grew and he called the third time.
This time, Yoshua accepted the call, and his frivolous voice was heard from the other end of the line.
"If you have something to say, hurry up. I'm busy."
What a rude son!noveldrama
Howard roared, "How dare you speak to your father in that tone?"
"Hm? What's wrong with my tone?" Yoshua put on a fake smile. "Also, let me remind you that I'm not your son. Don't you remember how you slapped me at the door of the hotel that day and disowned me?" Spin to Claim Your Surprise e losses."
###Don't gome Looking For Me
Don't Come Looking For Me
Yoshua spoke quickly and clearly, leaving Howard speechless!
There were some things that just couldn't be mentioned. If he had to make it up to Yoshua, Howard wouldn't have much of his dignity left.
Yoshua smirked and let out a laugh. In a mocking tone, he said, "Didn't you insist on letting that stepson of yours become a part of the family? You even told the bodyguards to deal with me for his sake, didn't you? Fine, then. If that's the case, don't come looking for me when something goes wrong. Go look for that precious son of yours."
After that, Yoshua hung up the phone.
Howard was so angry that he almost fainted: He threw his phone a few meters away, but still couldn't calm down. He cursed, "Amazing, truly. Every single one of you keeps slapping me in the face! I should have strangled him to death instead of raising such an ungrateful son." Zoey stepped forward in an understanding manner and tried to persuade him. "Dad, calm down. Since Yoshua is unwilling to help, then I'm sure Bemard can do something about it."
Howard grunted in reply. After he calmed down, he turned to look at the servant at the door and asked, "How long until Bernard gets home?
"Mr. Bernard is already on his way, Mr. Jules. He will probably arrive in a few minutes."
"That's good."
Howard sat on the leather sofa and rubbed his temples out of exhaustion.
Meanwhile, on the second floor, Timothy, who was eavesdropping on all the details, took a deep breath, When no one was looking, he rushed back to his mother's bedroom and anxiously blurted, "Bad news, Mom. The Jules family is likely to go bankrupt. Let's pack up and run away with some of their valuables!"
The new wife, Victoria, was drawing her eyebrows in front of a mirror. When she heard that, she didn't even bat an eyelid. "Don't worry. Even if they go bankrupt, they'd still be richer than the average person. Not to mention, even Zoey isn't worried. Why should we be?" Zoey was the one who wanted the Jules family's assets the most.
Since she wasnt taking action at all, it meant that things had not yet reached an irreparably desperate situation
"But..." Timothy felt panicked. He wanted to say something but was interrupted by Victoria.
"Don't be such a coward. Even if the Jules family is in debt, what does that have to do with us?"
Before the marriage, Zoey had convinced Howard to sign a prenuptial agreement with her. The content of the agreement indicated that unless Howard took the initiative to give something to them, Victoria and -Timothy would have nothing to do with the Jules family's assets.
Victoria was well aware that Zoey had her guard up against her.
It didn't matter, though. There was still a long way ahead of them.
Right then, Howard was generous to her. He could give her whatever she wanted. Being a rich housewife was nice. As long as she could seize the opportunity in the future, nobody knew who would end up becoming the head of the Jules family. Timothy contemplated for a moment and found it
reasonable.
Don't Pame Looking For Me
Back then, he lost all his money in gambling and had to sleep on the streets. Now, however, he was living in a big villa with a group of servants at his service. The life of a young master was as free and unrestrained as it could be.
What he needed to do now was not to worry, but to suck up to Howard.
After all, it was still better than nothing.
Having thought things through, Timothy turned around and rushed out.
Victoria asked, "Where are you going?"noveldrama
"To serve my father!"
As Timothy ran downstairs to suck up to Howard, he heard the sound of a car outside. Bernard was back.
Howard quickly put down the teacup in his hand. However, he wanted to hide how eager he was, so he cleared his throat and asked, "Bernard, do you have any ideas on how to deal with the company's crisis?" He sounded like a leader questioning his subordinate. Too Crodental
###Too Coincidental
Bernard looked at Howard expressionlessly, which made him feel guilty.
Fortunately, Bernard didn't say much. All he stated was, "Why is it that only the amusement park's power supply was cut off when Shein City is so big? They're saying it's because the wires were rerouted, but the timing of it all is too coincidental." "Do you mean that someone planned it?"
Howard thought about it carefully, then smacked his thigh and became furious. "I knew it. Someone must have been jealous of my big project, so they deliberately ruined it! I'm going to find out who it was. I'll skin. them alive!"
Bernard kept silent. He murmured, "Roadblocks have to be set up so that the electricity in the amusement park can be fixed. Even if the power is restored, a roadblock will inevitably have its consequences. Let's go buy some generators first. The more, the better. When the generators are all prepared, the amusement park can operate normally."
Howard nodded. It seemed that he had regained some backbone and quickly ordered his subordinates to do so.
"Go and buy some generators!'
The amusement park needed way too much power, not to mention that the attractions were all the thrilling type. They could not let any safety issues happen to tourists while they were in the park.
Howard added, "The more, the better. Hurry up!"
"Understood!"
In the meantime...noveldrama
In a large warehouse, Yoshua finally came to a stop in a lazy manner.
He took out a cigarette from his pocket. Before he lit it, he remembered that Lucille said she hated the smell of cigarettes, so he threw the lighter aside. He decided not to smoke.
One of his childhood friends came over with a purchase order and said with a smile, "We've prepared a total of 733 geperators, Yoshua. At this point, you've bought all the stock in Shein City! If your father finds out that you're secretly doing these things behind his back, he'll probably break your legs!"
"Don't mention him in front of me. It kills my mood."
Yoshua gave a casual reply.
With a mischievous look on his face, his good friend joked, "Okay, I won't mention your father. I'll only mention your sister."
"That's perfectly fine." A grin instantly appeared on Yoshua's face, but he immediately came to his senses. He eyed his friend suspiciously and warned, "I know that my sister is beautiful, but you'd better not get any ideas."
There he was again. Yoshua could be so cruel sometimes.
Sinclair rolled his eyes. He was speechless.
Everyone in the city knew that Lucille was Joseph's fiancee.
Even if he wanted to, he wouldn't dare.
Too prudental
"By the way, do you think that your sister seems to have changed, Yoshua?" Sinclair paused and continued, "I bumped into her once. At the time, I thought I had gotten the wrong person." Yoshus
was stunned and replied, "She just grew up."
"Does someone's personality really change that much when they grow up?" Sinclair asked doubtfully." When I saw your sister last time, she was at the roadside. At the time, there was a group of gangsters bullying a mother and son who were selling snacks. I thought that Lucille would hide, but she knocked out all of them in just a few moves."
"Your sister hardly leaves the house, Yoshua. When did she gain such good skills?*
Yoshua's face suddenly sank.
"What do you mean?" he asked.
"Don't think too much about it. I just think it's a little strange. Maybe it's because she was bullied too much, and she finally learned how to protect herself after growing up," Sinclair said.
He patted Yoshua's shoulder and smiled, changing the topic. "Well, let's think about how to deal with these generators first!"
###What Should We Do
Yoshua snorted and took the list of orders. In an arrogant tone, he replied, "What else can we do? We just have to wait for our prey to walk into our trap."
Hearing that, Sinclair silently gave him a thumbs-up.
Soon, Howard got the news that someone had already bought all of the generators in Shein City. Because of that, even though he wanted to buy some right then, there was no stock left.
Upon finding out, Howard was so angry that his eyes were bloodshot. He could only ask Bernard, "What should we do now?"
Bernard calmly answered, "The amusement park project has missed its best timing to open. The most. important thing now is to get the project back on its feet. Otherwise, we'll suffer even greater losses. We have to buy these generators." At this point, they had no other choice.
However, the problem at hand wasn't about deciding whether to buy them or not. They didn't even have any stock to buy.
Howard was incredibly anxious. At this moment, his subordinates found a warehouse selling generators online. The warehouse had a total stock of 733.
Hearing that, Howard hurriedly blurted, "What are you waiting for, then? Buy them. Buy them all!*
"But Mr. Jules..." His subordinate hesitated and continued, "The price that this warehouse is charging is more than three times that of the original."
Howard's eyes flew open from rage.
More than three times?
That was a total scam.
No, it was far worse than that.
Howard calmed down. He replied, "Go negotiate and see if you can lower the price. If not, we have no choice but to accept it."
He could only blame himself for a moment of carelessness. He was sure that the power supply would soorl be restored, and he was so conceited that he didn't think of stocking up on generators. He was the only one to blame for getting scammed.
Meanwhile, in the warehouse...
Yoshua looked at the huge sum of money and smacked his lips. He rubbed his chin and remarked, "This is probably the most successful investment in my life.1
In two days, he had managed to earn a profit three times more than what he had spent.
Having successfully carried out his plan, he began to brag. "Ah, I suppose it's only expected from a genius at doing business like me."
"Proud of yourself, huh?" Sinclair couldn't help laughing. Then, he ordered the workers on the side, "Send all 733 goods to Mr. Jules."
Of course, Yoshua couldn't show up when the products were being delivered.
What Should We Do
He put his hands in his pockets and wickedly said, "I'll leave it to you, then. I'll get going first."
Sinclair didn't even raise his head. "Get lost, you b*stard."
Yoshua left without hesitation.
When he returned to the Jules Residence, he found that the villa was empty.
"Where is everyone?" he asked.
Madam Dahlia replied, "Miss Lucille and Mr. Joseph went out together. Are you hungry, Mr. Yoshua? What
like to eat?"
would you
"No need."
Yoshua shook his head and turned to head to the guest room.noveldrama
In the past few days, he had been so busy establishing a monopoly over the generators that he was covered with grime.
Yoshua locked the door and went to the bathroom to take a shower and cool down.
The water splashed to the ground.
Yoshua wiped his face, but he couldn't help but think of what Sinclair said.
"Do
you think that your sister seems to have changed, Yoshua?"
"Does someone's personality really change that much when they grow up?" "Your sister hardly leaves the house, Yoshua. When did she gain such good skills?"
###Disagreements
It was a casual remark, but it left a deep impression on him.
Yoshua had to admit that ever since her birthday party, Lucille's attitude had changed drastically. In the past, she was timid and introverted, but now she was open and bold. She had learned to dislike people. over disagreements and beat people up. She always made sure to get revenge whenever she was
wronged and refused to suffer in silence.
It was as if she had really changed into another person But no matter how she changed, she was still his sister, Yoshua hummed a song to himself in a leisurely mood. Meanwhile, Lucille had left with Joseph early that morning.
They first went to the Collins Manor to pick up Madam Collins, then went to St. Mary Church where Madam Collins had wanted to go.noveldrama
When they reached the foot of the mountain where the church was located, Madam Collins refused the wheelchair the servant offered. She ordered, "Just support me. I want to climb this mountain by myself." Madam Louisa was shocked. She hurriedly warned, "That's not good, Madam Collins. The mountain is steep. Your body can't bear it."
"Let me just walk halfway, then, I'll use a wheelchair once we get to the halfway point."
Since Madam Collins had made up her mind, no one could convince her otherwise. Madam Louisa did not dare to persuade her anymore. She could only look at Joseph and hesitantly murmur, "Mr. Joseph..."
"Let's do it, then."
It was rare for Madam Collins to go out. They could at least fulfill this wish of hers, right?
Joseph reached out to support Madam Collins. He smirked and said in a joking tone, "Let's go, Your Highness."
Madam Collins was so amused that she burst into laughter. After laughing, she pushed him away and said, "Madam Louisa can support me herself. Climbing up a mountain will be quite tiring. Take good care
of Lucille."
"I will."
Joseph's gaze fell on Lucille.
A thin mist hovered in the mountains. A few rays of the golden sun penetrated the white mist and shone on her body, making her look icy yet dazzling.
Lucille could feel his burning gaze even without looking up. She ignored it and walked up to Madam Collins. She asked, "Grandma, if you don't mind, I'll give you some treatment. It'll only take a few minutes. It'll help you feel less sore after climbing."
"Really?"
Madam Collins did not doubt her in the slightest. Even if Lucille was only an ordinary student, she didn't think there was a big risk involved.
She agreed immediately. "Sure, sure." Disagreements
It wasn't right to put her health on the line like that, though.
Madam Louisa was about to stop her when Lucille quickly gave Madam Collins some treatment. Even though Madam Collins tried her best to hold back, she still looked like she was in a bit of pain. Madam Louisa was so frightened that she wanted to stop Lucille, but Joseph stopped her with a single look. The process did not last long.
Soon, Lucille put away her tools and helped Madam Collins sit down. She asked, "Grandma, are you feeling better?"
Madam Collins heaved a long sigh of relief. She did not want to strike a blow to Lucille's self-confidence and was just about to praise Lucille for her excellent medical skills.
However, before she could say anything, Old Grandma was surprised to find that most of the pain in her legs was gone. She felt much more stable on her feet. She was not as weak as before when she had to constantly rely on others for support. "Lucille, how did you do it? My legs feel much better. They don't hurt as much as before!"
Madam Collins' face was full of surprise.
"That's good." Lucille's lips curled into a sweet smile.
All of a sudden, Lucille remembered what Madam Collins had said when she witnessed Lucille asking Joseph to take his clothes off. She explained, "Grandma, I gave Jose- Josh some treatment before, too. It was when you came to the Jules Residence to look for me."
Hearing that, Madam Collins finally understood.
"No wonder Josh's health is much better than before. You truly are a blessing to the Collins family!" she exclaimed.
She patted Lucille's hand and grinned kindly.
**
Lucille purposely glanced at Joseph and raised her brows. She sent a message with her eyes, telling him
that she had successfully restored their purity.
###Constantly on Her Teet
Constantly on Her Feet
Fiona had never imagined that Lucille would be the one crushing with Master Walton to treat her grandfather.noveldrama
It seemed that she couldn't avoid bumping, toile
Over the past month, Fiona had been so busy that she was constantly on hot feet. On one hand, he hadto take mer the family.
1. y. On the other hand, she had to deal with her grandfather's
As the granddaughter of the Melling Lamily who was about to rise to power, she had to take good care of Master Walton and watch over him.
That was also the reason why she had no time to try and get closer to Joseph, much less give Lucille a warning and teach her a lesson.
She didn't expect that Lucille would come right to her door.
Fiona's slightly mocking gaze swept past Lucille. She then looked past her and said to be Wallon, "Thank you for coming Master Walton 1 have to oulde you with treating my grandfather."
Master Walnooked at Fan and then at Lucio. He could faintly sense the hostility coming from Fiona
He didn't think too much about it. He nodded and said, "Let's go in and sur Master Malling fist."
This way please, Master Walton"
Fiona limad her chin and led the way
Master Walton was about to cum around and say that Lacile could walk in front, but she shook her head slightly and stopped him with a gre
she didn't want to expose her identity as Bambo for no reason.
Master Walton understood and coughed softly. Then, with his hands clasped behind his back, he strode into the magnificent villa of the Melling family
It had to be said that the Malling family was truly imposing
Aside from the Collins family, which no one could compare to the other three influential families in Shein City were the Melling family, the Gilbert family, and the Nelson family, who had always upt a low profile and rarely showed themselves. Master Walton lowered his voice. He was worried that Lace was unaware, so he gave has an explanation.
"Miss Rambo, when you see Miss Melling's father, who's the current patriarch of the Melling family, remember tobe polite. He holds quite a lot of power in Shein City. He's an inspector who doesn't even goeasy on his own family." What exactly was an inspector!
the guards in Shein City with a single command,
###As the name implied, it was someone who had the responsibility of inspecting. An inspector could control There were also a few position above the supervisor, including the ombudsman and inspector general. In other words, even though Miss Melling's father was only a low-level inspector, he still held a high position that most people couldn't afford to offend After Master Walton finished relaying the instructions to her, he saw that Lucille's expression was different. He didn't know if she was listening or not. Soon, they arrived at Master Melling's room The room was very large, elegant, and luxurious. Even though there were many relatives the Melling family standing guard, they
ey did not feel that the rooms was crowded
As the patriarch of the Melling family, Hagan Melling was sitting at the head of Master Melling's bed Seving that Master Walton had arrived, Hogan stood up and greeted him politely. "Thank you for coming, Master Waliom
"Not at all." Master Walion stepped forward and took Master Melling's pulse while he was unconscious
Strangely, his pulse was completely normal. There were no strange symptoms.
Master Walton frowned and checked Master Melling's welt. He wondered if he had been poisoned the Hilda's daughter.
Despite that, after a thorough examination, he found nothing
Master Walton couldn't help glancing at Lucils, who was standing behind him. Seeing her different expression and indecipherable emotions, he wondered if she had found out the cause of the disease.
He had no choice but to try treating Master Melling for the time being
Master Walton took our his tools and began to treat Master Melling
During the process, the rest of the Melling family watched from the side and began among themselves. I wonder what happened to Master Melling. He keeps falling unconscious, and he's always talking about things that we don't understand" "Errily Wieso wouled."
"Master Walionisan copertin traditional medicine with his help, I think Master Melling will be fine soon.
Slowly Woke Up
Maybe it was bustanin emelpind was di
Hogan limeblately stopped forward.
chal preally logrond Lilley way, Maida Malling, when ages bad dead ridely.
Master Malling sheedi fils derved as if he was not a reapletnly conscious. In less than ten minutes, he fell asleep aprin
Maden Walini bi ont a munky sighandimplied, "Ecler bedd his pudor, madiliman's nothing wrong wit
Hogan was shummed at first, and then he said with a glossy face, "Yourinosi le bidding, Master Walinu (everyou can't find
isur, knowit ani poti ask a young chi tadvar
for all ver lines, the might sont indy
Master Wallon felt his headswell. He wasn't contain that Lucillecoultrie Moder Wellingeither, so far didn't dare to say anything. He just said, "I'm sady letting fua chack his polisi. won't hurt the old man. Besides, my student is very talented in this dieki. Maybe she can find The powd card books of disbelief at Luville: sler Laisedley eyeboney and asked, "How much is the den?noveldrama
Master Walton was stunned for a distent,
"Tur" Lucille's face was full of contrapt "That'snekaj
If it were any other family,
would be willing boatrept that amponi as ident
tank ilirmi teown depa tawe. However, it was the Melling family they was talking
Upon hearing that, the men bersad the Melling family bust into Laighing must al isha's got the pits, alright!"
"Two million is not enough? Deshillue Master Melling, the
Lucille raised an apelow.
Noncommittally, the replied, "I camcige him."
Hearing Lucille's confident worth, even your foran the Melling family sonrend
Hogan was almal in send Ladying, last time was a glint in Finn's eyes as the qui lidly stoppedlán. "Dad, v kar't have any other choice. Why don't you let her eye
Hogan foosed and grumpy routiqued, "Degos Labo
Fiona sdigeted c?seiling intsher fal
Irma kurs that she hull serves stally reminerd his father De twenty What il pourran'Eonce him, though
It was aderions that she was implying
be bodovat Eur ille and anngodly chatlamped, "Du ille, il you can ouer iny prane?tatlon
air yaigdig boromprocata I
edly declared, "It porcati del,
ave to take the initiation in bara all you need with Mi Jeph and least Umni Cay la
00 000 0000
The Source of ecosy
The Source of Her Hostity
Beiting amarlage contract was crossing the line.
###Max Walton's purasion changed. He finally knew the source of Fiona's hostility toward Lucille
Every in Shrin City knew that Fiona, the eldest daughter of the Melling family, was infatuated with Joseph. There was even a cumor that she would eventually become the Collins Chish, she was angry that it wasn't coming true.noveldrama
Master Walton hugged at Lucie's sleeve, signaling for her not to take the bot. Treating someone was meant to be done out of kindness. If they were unable to save a patient, there wasn't amthing they could do about it. There was no need for her tober her engagement on IL
Even so, Lucille chuckled and agreed without hesitation.
Fiona's eyecup "Keep your word, then. Don't go back on!"
These was nothing to go back on.
Luce was about to earn 20 milion dollars for doing practically nothing she would have to be stupid to refuse,
Melling's pulse and immediately
Amar giving a lazy response; she walked forward and retrieved the tools that Master Walton had brought. She even skipped the process of taking Master Mellin began mating him When the members of the Melling family as this, their faces turned pale with fear
They wanted to reprimand Lucille but were stopped by Mona
"Don't worry. We have Master Walton here. Wait a little longer."
Fiona was determined to make Lucille backoff
Even Master Walton couldn't handle a disease like this. She refused to believe that Lucille, a new student, could do something that even an expert couldn't. She wanted to wait and see.
She had to take advantage of the opportunity and make Lo give up her position as the mistress of the Collins family.
The rest of the Melling family member looked at each other, frowning so incansely that they would be dead it looks could bill However, since Hogan did not say anything, they naturally had no right to criticize Flona, who was the successor of the Molling family. At that moment, one of them exclaimed, "Look! What's that?"
Everyone's eyes immediately foll on Master Melling
Lucite made an incision in the space between Master Melling's eyebrows. Immediately, a puff of black as emerged from the slic
The black gas disappeared in the blink of an eye. The Melling family members were so shocked that their eyes widened. If they hadn't sean it themselves, they wouldn't have believed it Seeing that, Master Walton couldn't help but gasp. *I-Is that dark event
Lucille recriered her tools and casually replied, "That's right."
Everyone had different energies in their body. Master telling's condition because of a disease, but rather, due to his body being tainted by dark energy. He often fainted and lacked energy He would keep talking to himself as if he was hallucinating
Lucille turned around. She tore a piece of paper and wrote downs het bank account number. Then, she hand it to Fiona and said with a faint grin, Thanks for the money, Miss Melling." Flone gritted bis teeth silently and took the note with hatred. She idly grumbled, "As long as my grandfather wakes up safe and sound, I will give you 20 million dollars. No more, no less." "That a good" Lucille was in a good mood and left the Melling family home leisurely.
"Miss Bambo!" Master Walton ushed out after her. He had countless questions in his heart, and the only person who could answer him was Lucible.
"Miss Eambo, is Master Melling really cured now? Where did that dark energy come from? How could you tell that has condition was caused by dark energy instead of some other disease? Faced with that sees of questions, Lucille smiled and replied, "T a medical book one of these days. You can study it by yourselt. If you go through it thoroughly, you'll be able to
accurately diagnose someone when you encounter similar symptoms in the future." Master Walton was overjoyed "Thank you, Miss Tambo!"
Good Mood
###Good Mood
Lurille drove away.
As she drove, the twenty million dollars was traded into her account. It seemed that Master Melling had woken up
Lulle was in a good mood after earning such a large sum of money without much effort. She took a turn and made her way toward Tech Connex Pavilion
Looking from a distance, Tech Connex Pavilion was no longer a small shop. It had turned a large building which looked very impressive.
Lucille parked her car at the door and walked in gracefully.
when Hugs and james saw her, their eyes lit up. However, there were other custom cound them, they didn't dare to expose Lucille's identity. They could only pretend that they did mot know her and shouted, "Welcome, Misc" Lucille looked around and found that there were many customers. There were a lot of people on all floors, and there was a long line of people queuing up. How could it be so popular?
1. but it was the first time that she had seen so many people
She was a little surprised. Ever since Tech Conne Pavilion rose to fame, there were indeed many customers coming to try it out, but it was lining up.
How had they gomated the place!
Seeing that Lucilla was purled, Hugo chuckled and murmured, "nove, do you want to know why this is happening? A huge amusement park was built on the road behind Tech Connex Pavilion, right? Today in the grand opening" "Lucille nodded. She knew about that. She homew that Howard had invited a lot of manpower for the opening ceremony. He also invited a celebrity to host the event and organized a dance performance. In short, it was grand that it was well-known all over the city. What did that have to do with Tech Connex Pavilion, though?
Lucille did not understand.
Hag held back his glowing smile and added, "At the very end of the cremony, they were about to cut the ribbon, but in the next second, there was no power in their area. It was so funny how all the customers can away while oursing the place." What did that mean
It meant that on the first day of the amusement park's opening, it couldn't even begin operations dan to the power out
Lucile couldn't hold back bar laughter.
She could already see Howard's face flushing red with rage
Hupscontinued, "Apparently, Haward spent a lot of manpower and resouces on this opening. He even booked a hundred buses, saying that it was first come first serve for any customers Now, they can't open the amusement park because of the lack of power, so all the tourists came to Tech Connex Pavilion "
They had gotten a boatload of customers without lifting a finger.
Howard had basically allowed them in reap all the benefits of his hand work
Of course, they didn't mind if he did it a few more time.
Lulle smirked and asked, "by the way, where is Bobert?"
"Mr. Evans in studying the map of the virtual world in his room. He hasn't come out for a few days."IIII
""Don't push him to hard."
Lucile
le gave them a few words of advice before leaving Tech Connex Pavilion.
She drove all the way back the
sides. As soon as Lucille walked into the living
(room, she now Joseph sitting on the sofa with the cat in his arms.
The man looked Waldback and casual, and the ama
his fare was as coldavusal.
There was another person sitting across from him
(was none other than Fiona
the haloane to complain almost immediately.
Darvils actellike she hadn't seen anything and walked straight aparaju
The whist at pride in Fiona's eves.
h, I heard that Grandma wants to govis St. Mary Church. I just heard that the head priest of St. Mary Church is coming back next week Shall
The looked at Jough and paid with a smile, "Josh, I ww Lake Grandma with us then?"
Tonade hele andher voice to make sure that Lucille, who was already going upstairs, could hear her.
However, Lucille did not stop for a second. She slowly went up to the scl floor and returned to her room bedre desing the door behind her
Sungroom, Malam Dahlia was about to serve a cup of scented tea since she was a guest. When she heard that, she stopped in her tracks and instantly got upset
tre Incention www way too obvious.
jungh sons already engaged, after all. How could sheer to Madam Collins at "Grandma"
na and suggest that they take her with them? That made it sound like she was joseph's fiancee
ad her eyes, then turned around and left with the b
Madam Dahlia secretly rolled her eyes,
She would simply leon die of thirst.
No me what, she wouldn't serve her.
Fiona was completely focused on Joseph. After she was done speaking, the carefully looked at him.
The man had a half-stille on his face, and it was hard to tell whether he was happy or angry. His deep eyes were cold and didn't have a semblance of warmth in them, which was shocking Fiona was a desert felt like she couldn't hide her thoughts in front of him. She hurriedly explained, "Josh, don't be angry. It was just a suggestion. If-"
Japh trarrupted her carelessly.
"It seems that you didn't listen to anything I said time, Miss Melling,"
What had he said last time!
He said that they weren't close
Fiona'dace stiffened Waha wonged look on her fats, the mumed, "Do you really have to be this, Josh? We've known each other for so many years, and we grow up together. Don't you care about our friendships!!?"
Joseph had fan grin on his face. "Did wer"
These two words alone authless as they could be.
He didn't remember, and he didn't care.
Floats chokedup.noveldrama
###She that she would get a heart-ching answer like that
The Collins and Melling families were old friends. That was the only reason why she had met Josaph a few times when she was young. Other than that, there was no connection between them They they weren't close at all.
She had wanted to try and soften seph's heart, but it was impossible.
Flex paid for a moment, but the still pretended to be oblivious. She smiled and cald, "Tosh, the truth is, I'm not here for you this time. I'm here for Miss Lucille, I have to thank her in person for saving my grandfather. Fretunately, the has amazing medical skills. Otherwise, she would have taken the initiative to break off the engagement with you."
Break off the engagement?
Joseph's eyes grew sharp. "What do you mean?TM
"Ahem to have said too much." Tona pretended to be flustered and cord his mouth. Seeing that Joseph was upset, she paused and hesitantly and, "Honestly, it's nothing much. It's Just that Lucille usedher marriage contract with you as a bet. She said that if the lost, she would take the initiative to break off the engagement with you..."
Noman would be able to accept if their ancestreated these engagement is a lui.
Tlona's eyes flickand, and she couldn't hide the pride in her heart
That was the real purpose of her visi
She wanted to sabotage their relationship.
She refused to believe that the usually indifferent Joseph would still be neutral in the face of that information
However, to Fiona's upe, not only was loseph not angry, he even had a subtle smile on his face.
He petted the cat's head and made himself in a helpless and doting tone, "Im.. Its that not good enough as a fance, Bona más atk ?nter words
What was wrong with him? Shouldn't he have gotten furious and questioned Lucille about what the marriage contact meant to her would be best if the m pacted ways. Then, the engagement would be canceled and they would no longer have anything to do with each other.
two of them bad abg light and
How
to's surprise, Joseph had placed the blame on himself. He felt that it was he hadn't done well enough that Lucille wasn't taking their relationship seriously.
Act Fast Fire Bonus Time is Running Out!
Fun, ure
Furry Creature
What the ck?
She won't here to help. She was here to steal Lucille's man!
Fiona was so angry that she wanted to explode, but she could rely suppress his anger. She reached out to the kitten on the sofa and murmured, "Ah, this cat is so cute. Is it Lorite's
As far as she knew, Joseph was very serious about cleanliness. He would never raise a furry creature like that.
The car mist have been brought home by Lucio.
Who did she think she was!
Fiona stretched out her hand, wanting to hold the kitten. However, as soon as she teached out, the car's hair stood on end and its claws scratched her wildly. Its movement was as fast an
Fiona let out a blood-candling scream. When she looked down again, he saw that the back of her fair hand was in a terrible state. There were at least a dozen scratches on her skin, and blood. was dripping everywhere, She had never sulfated so much
Fiona was furious. If it weren't for the fact that she was still rationally aware of oph's presence, she would have captured the tiny bastard and beaten it to death.
"Josh." Fiona held back her tears and whined pitifully, "This cat is too fierce. You shouldn't keep something like this in your house"
Joseph had an indecipherable expression.
"Are you trying to tell me what to do?"
"T- That's not what I meant." Fona bit his lip. There was a heartlaking look on her beautiful face
Joseph had long lost his patience. He gave the servant next to him a simple order.
"and Miss Melling to the hospital.
After saying that, Joseph walked straight up the stairs. He had no intention of paying attention to her at all.noveldrama
Biona had barely managed to get in. How could she be willing to leave just like that?
Just as she was about to follow him, a servant blocked her way and politely said, "Miss Melling, that's not the way out"
Culver had
darranged for a driver to wait at the gate of the villa. He stated, "Miss Melling, I'll get a driver to take you to the hospital to treat your wound."
###"Noneed"
Insisting to stay would only add to her embarrassment.
Floated her teeth and turned to leave.
Meanwhile, on the second floor of the villa
Lucille was browsing through the news about the opening of Howard's large amusement park. In such a large area, only the amusement park was completely out of power. Legically speaking, no matter how she thought about it, it seemed that someone had planned it. Who was the culprit?
While she was pondering the issue, she heard someone knocking on the door
"It's locked. Come in."
Lucille didn't care who was knocking She replied without raising her head
She Lapped her finger lightly and clicked on another article. It said that the electricity all over the amusement park was affected dose to the power lines being recouted. It involved mam places and wouldrake at least a month to recover After such a long time, all the hype would have ded down
Because of that, everyone who had been encouraged to invest in the amusement park was calling and asking for their money back.
Howard had been hacked into a corner.
He couldn't go forward, nor could be retort
uly brought a le to her face.
Lucole's lips curled into again. She turned off the computer and raised her head to look at the man,
"What ivir, M. Joseph
Are You Busy
Joseph entered in a calm and lazy manner. There was a meaninglessile on his handsome face. He asked, "Are you by this weekend, Bobod Ladiko vas a kinda surprised. "Why?"
"Teckgaon a dver
m didn't compared.
Lucille was chunned for a second. Seeing the playful expression on joseph's face, she hummed in response and then replied with a fake smile, "I'm busy "" Joseph was mot angry. He smiled and added, "I lied Grandma wants us to accompany hes to St. Mary Church this weekend. Apparently, the flowers are in bloom."
Itramed out to be Marken Collins' idea
She had no choke butinage.
Lucile paused before replying. "Okay."
However, Joseph showed no signs of leaving Lule couldn't help but look up Confused, the asked, "Is there something else,
He had a serious expression on his face. "Bobo, I board that you used our marriage as a bet and saidthar you want toberak off the engagement with me.noveldrama
So that's what it was
Itse that Fiona had been adding maceful to the fire earlier.
Lucife's eyes were indecent and he expression was slightly old. "I did. What about it?"
She was ready to have a hight with Joseph and break up with him. Unexpectedly, he suddenly lowered his head, and his hot besath fanned out on her face. His eyes, which were as deep as the www, were filled with unprecedented anegance and stubborn. He said.
"Don't do that again."
Whether you win or lose, it won't change the fact that you are the mistress of the Collins family.
That's why a bet like that would be totally invalid."
His deep and pleasant voice was alluring and seductive.
Lucille had never expected such words to come out of Joseph's mouth. She was stunned and did not react immediately.
Josaph laughed. The crimson in the corner of his eyes grew even more intense and duling, it was as it the ley wall around him had melted in an instant. The warmth of spring could be fai
the space between his eyebrows.
It was a sin. His face was so handsome that it was lethal
It was a threat to the nation's safery.
Lurille was defer a few seconds before she came to her
Toseph had already led by then
The door was closed again.
However, her heart was beating wildly, and it wouldn't stop.
Lucille let out a long breath before she finally calmed
Over the next few days, Shein City was bustling with activity.
The large amusement park project, which has completely lost power, died just like that Howard tried his best to attract all kinds of people, but all of them were stolen away by Tech Connex Pwilion.
Every day, countless tourists can to Tech Connex Pavilion at one point, nobody could got in at all.
James and Hugs had been so busy chat they were constantly on their feet to a few days, and their revenue had increased wildly. There were many new customers every day, and there were even more old customers who kept coming back With that, the Tech Conte Pavilion expanded once again. In just a few month, had pown from a small stone to a large bukling
Howard wasturbas
He was so angry that he almost exploded. His earlier complacency had disappeared. Every day at home, he would either smash things or scolded the servants. A low of them were seilied that they when resignedor rahavaj. That day, the Jules Lamily's villa was in chaos again
We'll Think of a Way
Alter Howard lost is temper, he sat down on the sofa and pasted slightly.
###Zoey stopped toward hesitantly and whispered, "Dad, don't be angry. We'll think of a way"
Howard did not speak. Obviously, he was mentally exhausted.
As of late, the large amusement park was constantly being hounded by business partners, investors, employees, and dealers who were collecting debit every day.
However, all of his money had been invested in this project. He made a desperate effort and bet everything on it. He thought that as long as this project succeeded, he would soon be able the money back, and he would soon earn docens of times the profit
Despite that, beloce he could even do so, he ended up in a bottomless pit.
Head was trous
He even began to think that the reason why his amusement park had become like this was because of Tech Connex Pavilion
As long as Tech Connex Pavilion was destroyed, his amusement park would definitely come back to life,
Howard opened his eyes. Because he hadn't slept for a few days, his eyes were red and his expression was litre. It shocked Zoey, who came forward to comfort him.
"Dad, what, what's wrong with you?"
"Nothing" Howard took a deep breath a
and secretly made plans of his ownnoveldrama
If he couldn't succeed, then nobody could
Zoey bir her lips and asked again, "Dad, did't Samuel invest one billion dollars before? The other relatives of the Gilbert family invested, too. Isn't that enough to make up for the loop?m If this matter was not handled properly, the Jules family's company would be severely affected and be on the verge of bankruptcy.
What would be the use of her mine 10% of the shares, then!
Zoey really didn't want to go up
However, her words made Howard's eyes brighten.
He grabbed Zoey's hand and said, "Zory, my precious daughter. How about you talk to Samuel and ask him to give me another one billion dollars? When the electricity is restored. I pay him back double the amount!" "Um. Zory looked troubled
She had been the one who had asked Samuel to invest a bion dollars into the project. She had begged him and persuaded him until he finally agreed.
Now that things had become like this, it was a huge lo
She didn't know whether would agree to invest in this bottomless pic. Hoover, the Gilbert family, who never liked her in the first place, would probably disapprove of her and Samuel getting married enim more.
Zoy shifted harga and replied, "Dad, hasn't sa been handling a business abroad for the past few years? Last time, I saw him casually give Lucille a gift worth tens of millions of dollars. He must have money. It wouldn't be a problem for Yosh to hand over some money and make up for the losses."
Broward trowned. He was rather skeptical,
was true that Yoshe had gone abound after becoming an adult, but had never believed that his son could really make a name for himself.
Zoey took the opportunity to say, "Dad, we're a family. We stick together through thick and thin. I'm sure Yoshwa understands that, Besides, this is the most convenient method we have. As long as we manage to recover for a while, we'll be able to get through this crisis." Haward modded. "That's true."
After that, he took out his mobile phone and called Yeshua
The last time, there was no an
The second time, the call was directly rejected.
Howard's anger grew and he called the third time,
This time, Yoshua accepted the call, and his frivolous voice was heard from the other end of the line.
you have something to say, hurry up. I'm busy."
What a rude son!
Howardroared, "How dare you speak to your father in that tone?
"Im? what's wrong with my tonesha pet on a fake smile. "Also, let me remind you and downed me
you that I'm not your son Don't you remember how you slapped me at the door of the hotel that day
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Dut
Clam
okung For Me
Come Looking For Me
apeke quickly and clearly, leaving Howard speechless!
###With a mischievous look on his face, his good friend joked, "Okay, I won't mention your father. I'll only mention your sister,
"That's perfectly fine." A grin instantly appeared on Yoshua's face, but he immediately came to his senses. He eyed his friend suspiciously and warned, "I know that my sister is beautiful, but you'd better not get any ideas." There he was again Yoshua could be spcruel sometimes.
Bindair rolled his eyes. He was speechless
Everyone in the city new that Lucille was Joseph's fiancer,
Even if he wanted to, he wouldn't dare.
"By the way, do you think that your sister seems to have changed, Yosra? Sinclair paused and continued, "I bumped into her once. At the time, I thought I had gotten the wrong person." Yoshua was stunned and replied, "She just grew up."
"Does someone's personality really change that much when they grow up? Sinclair asked doubtfully. "When I saw your sister last time, she was at the roadside. At the time, there was a group of gangsters bullying a mother and san who were selling snacks. I thought that Lucille would hide, but the knocked out all of them in just a few movs."
"Your sister hardly leaves the house, Yoshua. When did she gain such good skills?
Voshua's face suddenly sank
"what do you mean?" he asked.
"Don't think too much about in just think it's a little strange. Maybe it's because she was bullied too much, and she finally learned how to protect herself after growing up. Sinclair said He patted Toshua's shoulder and smiled, charging the topic. "Well, let's think about how to deal with these generators first!TM
Act Fast Free Bonus Time is Running Out!
Claim
What Should We Do
Ymhnassustel
donless, lisan arrogant tone, be replied, "What else can we do? We just hope to wait
1. up.
THIE
be wanted to bay some right then, there was prestock jeft
- Lak vilently pre him à í
soon, Hosszal pot the news that samenge had already bought all of the generalaus in Shein City. Because of that, even Tpostm?ng vui, Hawnd was so angry that his eyes wese blashshot. He could mily ask Hermand, "What should we di Bernardcalmly answered, "The amusement park project has missed its best thoing to open. The most important thing now is to get the project luck on its feet. Otherwise, we greater losses. We have to how these privesalers."
At this point, they had no other choke.
However, the problem at handwasn't about deciding whether to buy them or not. They didn't even have any stock to bary.
kow and was incredibly anxious. Ar this moment, his subordinates tomba warbose selling generators online The warehouse had a total rock of 713
Heating that, Flowandimuriedly blasted, "What are you walking tom,
"Dan M. Jules." This sabordinate hesitated and continued. "The pile that this warehouse is changing is more than three times that of the original "II More than three times?
That was a total scam
No, it was far worse than that
Howand calmed down. He replied, "egate and see it you can lower the price. If not, we have no choice but to accept IL"
He could only blame hawell moment of celessness. He was one that the power supply world soon be restored, and he was so conceited that he didn't think of stocking up on
He was the only one to blame for pelling scam.
Meanwhile, in the warehouse
n my life"
You looked at the huge sum of money and marked his lips. He rubbed his chin and remarked, "This is probably the most successful levestment in my li
in two days, he had managed to earn a profit three times more than what he had spent.
Having successfully carried out his plan, he began to brag "Ah, I suppose it's only expected from a genius an doing t Proud of yourself, huh?" Sinclair couldn't help laughing. Then, he ordered the workers on the side. "Send all 733 goods to Mr. Jules." business like me." Course, Toshua couldn't show up when the products were being delivered
He put has hands in his pockets and wickedly said, 'T'll leave it to you, then. El pet going first."
Sinclair didn't even raise his head "Get lost, you stand."
You with scion
When be returned to the Jules Residence, he found that the
"Where is everyone?' he asked.
Lawas emply
Madam Dahlia replied, "Miss Lucille and Mr. Joseph went out together. Are you hungry, Ma, Yoshua? What would you like to eat?"
Yosha shook his head and turned to head to the past tom
In the past few days, he had been so bany establishing a monopoly over the pettators that he was covered with grime.
Yoshua locked the door and went to the bathroom to take a shower and cool down
The water splashed to the groundnoveldrama
Yoshua wiped his face, but he couldn't help but think of what Sinclair said
"Do you think that your sister to have changed, Yosh
"Then someone's personality rally change that much when they plow up? your sister handly leases the house, Yoshina. When did she gain such good skills Disagreements
pantae remark, but it left a deep impression on him
Toshua had to admit that ever since her birthday party, Lucille's attitude had changed drastically. In the past, she was timid and introverted, but now she was open and bold. She had learned ro-distile people over disagreements and beat people up. She always made sure to get revenge whenever she was wronged and refused to suffer in silence
I wiem if she had really changed into another person.
###But no matter how she changed, she was still his sister Yoshua frammedia song to himself in a leisurely mood Meanwhile, Lucille had left with Joseph early that morning
went to St. Mary Church where Madum Collins had wanted to go
They first went to the Collins Manor to pick up Madam Collins, then w
When they reached the foot of the mountain where the church was located, Madam Collins refused the wheelchair the servant offered: She ordered, "Just support me. I want to climb this mountain by myself." Madam Louisa was shocland. She handedly wamed, "That's not good, Madam Collins. The mountain is steep. Your body can't bear it."
"Let me just walkthalfway, then I'll use a wheelchair once we get to the halfway point
Since Madam Collins had made up her mind, no one could convince her otherwise. Madam Louisa did not dare to persuade her anymore, she could only look at Joseph and hesitantly murmar, "Mr. Joseph.." ""Let's do it, then"
It was rare for Madam Collins to go out. They could at least hill this wish of hers, right?
Joseph reached out to support Madam Collins. He smirked and said in a jokin tone, "Let's go, Your Highness."
Madam Collins was so amused that she burst into laughter. After laughing, she pushed him away and said, "Madam Louisa can support me herself. Climbing up a mountain will be quite ting Take good care of Lucille" "will"
Joseph's gaze fall on Lucille
A thin mist hovered in the mountains. A few rays of the golden sun penetrated the white mist and shone on her body, making her look bey yet dazzlingnoveldrama
Lucille could feel his burning gare even without looking up. She ignored it and walked up to Madam Collins. She asked, "Grandma, if you don't mind, I'll give you some treatment. It'll only take a few minutes. It'll help you feel less sore after dimbing" Madam Collins did not doubt her in the slightest. Even if Lucille was only an ordinary student, she didn't think there was a big risk involved.
She agreed immediately. "Sure, sure."
wasn't right to put her health on the line Eke that, though.
Madam Lousa was about to stop her when Lucille quickly gawa Madam Collins too treatment.
Even though Madam Collins tried her best to hold back, she still looked like she was in a bit of pain
Madam Louisa was so frightened that the wanted to stop Lucille, but Joseph stopped her with a single look The process did not last long
Soon, Lucille put away her tools and helped Madam Collins sit down. She asked, "Grandma, are you feeling better? excellent medical skills
Madam Collins heard a long sigh of relief. She did not want to strike a blow to Lucille's self-confidence and was just about to praise Lucille for her e However, bedore she could say anything, Old Grandma was surprised to find that most of the pain in her legs was gone. She felt much more stable on her feet. She was not as weak as better. when the had to constantly rely on others for support
"Lucille, how did you do it? My legs feal much better. They don't hurt as much as before!
Malam Collins' Lace was dull of surprise.
"That's good." Lucie's lips curled into a sweet smile.
All of a sudden, Lucille remembered what Madam Collins had said when she winessed Lucille asking Joseph to take his clothes off. She explained, "Grandma, I gave one. Joch sann Treatment before, too. It was when you came to the Jules Residence to look for me." Hearing that, Madam Collins finally understood.
"No wonder Josh's health is much better than before. You truly are a blessing to the Collins family!" she exclaimed.
Nie potted Foedle's hand and grinned kindly
Loville purposely glanced at Joseph and cased her bows. She sent a message with her eyes, telling him that she had successholly stored then parity.
Hard to Clear Things Up
Josephi had a tant smile on his face. His gorgeous eyes were especially deep.
Ewen it she explained what happened last time to Old Grandma, what about the time before that?
it was band toclear things
completely
phaned over and whispered into Lucille's ear, "Are you trying to play with my feelings, Bobo
Was she that Icesponsible?
How could that be? She had never taken advantage of him in the first place. How could she be trying to mess with him?
-Lucille didn't even blink as she replied, "No. When it's time to end things, I wouldn't play with your feelings. I would simply cut things off cleanly "Ou things off canly!
feitigerititre aroun
Josepli wote a faint smile. There was a hint of sement on his face, but no matter how one looked at it, he was surrounded by an oppressive aura. Even the ter Tim had dropped by several degrees.
Lucille sensed the danger, but she had no intention of escaping.
The deal would come to an end sooner or later. There was nothing wrong with what she had said.
Joseph did not speak. He held onto Lucille's hand with a meaningtel smile as if he was trying to engrave something on it. His ten fingers were tightly clasped, leaving no space
between them
Lucille found the warmth of Joseph's palm and his attitude puzzling
She was just telling the truth, Why did he suddenly get angry?
Josephi calmly stated, "Grandma, let's go."
The conversation between the two of them was no different from a that of bickering couple in the eyes of outsiders. Madam Collins was not suspicious of anything on the contrary, she felt that the two of them were so close to each other that she could not help laughing, "Yes, it's getting late. Let's go up the mountain!"
Then, they set off
There ware many different roads leading to the top of the mountain
###One was a bumpy mountain road. The other was a seemingly endless path upward. The last one was a smooth staircase specially built for tourists. There were cable car pickup points at certain intervals along the path.
It was hard to climb up with the state that Madam Collins legs were in. Even though Lucille had given her some treatment to relieve part of the pain, she could not climb up such a high mountain. Therefore, after walking slightly over hathway up, she had no choice but to sit back down in the wheelchair. With the help of Mother Liu and a few servants, she went to the top of the mountain inacableca. Lucile and joseph continued their hike up the mountain,
The scenery along the way was particularly beautiful. They were surrounded by mountains, and the natural environment was stunning However, the higher they climbed, the fewer tourists there were possibly because of how difficult the hike was Lucille inadvertently turned around and saw that there was another path at the foot of the mountain. It was a path with countless steps. There was a person who was kneeling down with each step he took. He seemed to be struggling to make it up Lucille was a little confused.
What was he doing?
Joseph seemed to have read her mind. He explained calmly, "There are 0,999 steps on that flight of stairs. Apparently, if you kneel down with each step and reach the top of the mountain, all of your wishes will be fulfilled" Was that really true?
Lucille was a little surprised, but she still nodded. "Isme"
Regardless of whether the legend was true or not, those who climbed all 9,999 steps and ascended to the top of the mountain were worthy of respect.
Nobody would place their faith in a legend like that if they didn't harbor intense desperation.
Lucille looked away and sped up the mountain,
When she finally reached the top of the mountain, she still telt tired despite her decent physical strength.
She sat on a bench beside the path, panting slightly
A bottle of weer was handed to her.
Lucille looked up and saw that joseph's expression had not changed. He was still as calm and composed as before.
They hade limbed the main together, and she was so tend that she was gasping for breath. However, it seemed as if nothing had happened to him.
Was the really still the same sick joseph who could be toppled by a gust of wind?
Lucille fork the water and found that the cap of the bone was already twisted open she posed and mured, "Thank you"
Joseph sat down beside her without sing awoord
Side Profile
The top of the mountain was very quiet, and the nwo of them sat there quietly
The cool breeze swept her long hair up, which inadvertently brushed across his side profile
F?rklish.
Joseph sedan eyebrow
He turned his head to look at Lucille and saw that her pale cheeks were tinted with red. Under the rays of sunlight, he could still see her thin peach fuzz. Her long eyelashes fluttered like the wings of a butterfly, flying straight into his heart. Her Lips were extremely beautiful. They looked delicate and plump. They were slightly red in color and were incomparably tempting
Joseph suddenly called, "Bobo,"
"Hm?
Lucile turned her head subconsciously. Suddenly, she felt a cool sensation on her lips. She was stunned and met joseph's dark, deep eyes.
The distance between them was so small that she could even this shallow breath.
Did that mean she had accidentally kissed Joseph's tare?
Lucide took a step backnoveldrama
"You did that on purpose, Joseph!"
"Is that obvious?
###Joseph laughed quietly. The amusement in his eyes and on his face was soul-stirring. His already handsome face became more and more attractive, which made a few girls, whe were passing by the top of the mountain, stop and stare Lucille wiped her mouth in annoyance and turned to leave.
At that moment, Madam Louise strode over. When she saw them, she immediately shouted, "Mr. Joseph, Mrs. Collins, you've reached the top so soon? Come on. Madam Collins is already consulting the priest inside" Lucille stopped in her tracks for a moment and her shoulders sank Joseph held her in his arms as they walked, saying, "I won't do it again, Dear."
Again? Did he really think he would have a chance to do it again?
Lucille pinched Joseph's waist.
was a little angry and did not show any mercy.
Joseph's expression did not change. His cold and deep eyes were filled with tenderness,
Lucille turned her eyes away. She shook Joseph's hand away and stepped into St. Mary Church.
Joseph chuckled and followed her.
Behind them, Madam Louisa looked at their subtle movements and secretly chuckled with her hand covering her mouth.
It was exceptionally quiet in St. Mary Church.
The mist in the mountain had dissipated. Under the golden sunlight, St. Mary Church, which stood on the top of the mountain, was soleman and dignified. There were flo blooming all around, making it look ethereal Madam Colling was consulting the priest inside.
Lucille stood in the courtyard. She didn't interrupt them by going any closer.
flowers
Behind her, Madam Louisa stepped forward and quietly explained, "I heard that this priest is very knowledgeable, Mrs. Collins. Madam Collins came here for his advice. Would you like to talk to him as well? "No need
She just wanted to enjoy the scenery
Lucille pointed to the back of the mountain and said, "I don't think Madam Collins will be done anytime soon, Madamn Louisa "okay. Be careful, Young Matern." going to take a walk around the back."
Luce walked toward the back of the mountain.
There were even more flowers there, with clusters of them gathered around the branches. They looked gorgeous from a distance.
Luce walked in slowly Suddenly, she heard rusting from a tree above her head, she took a few steps back, and the next second, someone tell trom the tree Don't Misunderstand
Judging tom the icy he was dressed, he was a priest
The rain of them stated at eachother, their eyes wide open.
the piest got up hom the ground with a chuckk, ignoting the dirt on his body, he protected an egg with hots hands and explained to Lacifle, "ftfell. I wasn't trying to steal it. There was no need for him to esplan himselt, really.
Ligte shook her heal and was in no mood to continue walking. She turned armind and was about to leave
However, the priest stopped ber and said, "Long lichy, this tree is a little too high can't climb up Why don't you do me a favor and put this bird egg back up for me? I'll give you a Lucille locked back.
The priest was all sending. He didn't seem to think that it was inappropriate to tell a girl like her to climb a free Instead, he looked serious and expectant.noveldrama
Lucille walked over and took the bird egg from the priest's hand. Using the trunk of another free to support herself, she swiftly climbed up and landed steadily beside thir nest Lucille placed the egg there and juped don from the tree. The priest let out an exclamation and gave her a floodet praise. "Not bad, not bad. You're a skilled girl!
Lucille tamed around and walked back without saying anything
The priest followed her and said, "Hey, don't go, young lady. I appreciate your kindness. I should really pay you back!"
###Lucille walked back to the backyard of St. Mary Church from the back of the mountain. She thought that the priest would give up, but unexpectedly, he refused to leave. He kept circling her, ettering to give her some advice Just as Lucille was thinking about how to get away from him, she heard the low and pleasant voice of Joseph from behind her
"We're here for fun anyway, Bobo, Why don't you just give it a try?
Lucille had already lost her patience, so she agreed.
"Hehe, that's more like it. There's always a reason for everything, spoke, he analyzed Lucille
Since you did me a favor, I'll pay you back. We shouldn't owe each other anything in the future
As the priest
However, upon doing so, his expression changed greatly
The priest stuttered, anda trace of her appeared in his gase
Lucille found it a little funny. His acting skills were p
pretty good for a scammer. Was he going to say that she was unlucky and that she needed to pay him to avoid a disaster? She casually asked, "What's wrong? Did you notice anything?"
in a panle, the priest replied, "Wait a minute, young lady. I'll tell you when I'm sor
Lucile shook her head, refusing to take the matter to heart. She went to a nearby pool to wash her hands.
or lady, what a pity"
The priest kept contemplating. After confirming his analysis, he stood up and muttered to himself, "She's a nice young
What did that men?
Joseph's gaze sharpened as he eyed the priest
"What are you talking about Joseph asked,
He narrowed his eyes
The priest sighed and explained, "From what bean tell, half of here will be a tough journey. God will not favor her. Her days will be difficult and terrible. To put it more clearly, it means that she won't have a smooth road ahead and that she's not lucky. Her whole life will be miserable and she won't have anyone to rely on "noveldrama
If it had been anyone else speaking, Joseph would have beaten them up already.
However, it was a priest saying that
No one know where the stage priest had come from, but he was an elosive person on St. Mary Mountain. That was because no matter what he said, whether it was goslar bad, would always come true. Cling Cling Cling
Not lat wow, they heard achich bell ringing. The heavy wooden stake knocked on the big bell, making a distant and call sound
The smole on josepli's face disappeared, and his whole body was till of hostility
###Cended His Pist
The stared at the priest in front of his as if he wanted to burn a hole through him.
priest stond frozen in place.
Alus a ling while, Joseph clenched his fist rightly.
The priest's face was full of helplessness. He shook his head and said, "It's useless. Fate is fate. It can't be changed"
Eate was late. It couldn't beclamed
Who said that it couldn't be changed?
Joseph suddenly let out a burst of laughter. His tone was stilleavul, but it was full of an evil and overbearing attra
"If God won't have mercy on her, then I will."
"Il God won't protect her, then I will"
"As long as I'm here, that prophecy will never come true."
After that be harmed around and IL
The priest stood under the shade of the tree. After awhile, he sighed and shook his head.
Beside the pool, Lucille had just finished washing her hands
She turned around and saw the handsome and charming Joseph leaning against a tree trunk, a few meters away. He looked lazy and relaxed. He was arrogant and noble, which was particularly eye-catching A gust of wind blew, causing flower petals to float down and tallon his shoulders.
It was a stunning sight which was pleasant to the eye
Lucille was in a trance for a moment, but soen she came to her senses and asked, "o's getting late. Are we going down the mountain?"
"Yes," replied Joseph
Madam Collins was ready. She had just called to say that she was waiting for them at the cable car station outside.
Lucille nodded. "Let's go, then."
The two walked side by side in the quiet church.
As they walked, Lucile finally remembered the priest never explained himself to her. She casually asked, "By the way, did the priest tell you anything? ""What is innoveldrama
Lucille was a little curious. She wanted to low how the priest was planning to seam her.
Joseph stopped. He looked into Lucille's eyes and slowly replied, "The priest said that you have good fortune and that you should cherish the people in front of you. You'll be happy and have lots of descendants."
The comes of Lucille's stugged awards as she forced a smile. Thank you, Mr. Joseph, for showing me what it's like when someone talks nonsense with a completely Mraight face
Joseph chuckled quietly. "I'm selling the truth, Bobo!"
Was she going to believe it?
Of course not. Not a single word.
Lixidie quickly walked out of the church and headed for where Madam Collins was. She obviously wanted to keep a distance from him.
Joseph shook his head helplessly and quickly chased after her.
Can the way back, it was getting dark, and the setting sun was shining in the sky. It sermed to have painted the clouds in collatul shades. It looked magnificent The
e people on the cable soon arrived at the foot of the mountain
The Collins family's chauffer had arrived here. Madam olsa and poseph helped Madam Collins get into the car tulle held her hand, tou
On the way luck to the colins Manor, Old Madame quietly locked joseph. She then smiled at Lucille and said, "Lucille, why don't you stay at the manor tonight" a tedes
Coding a Child
###Cily, Lucille had leamed her lesson after what happened last time. She know what Madam Collins was thinking
last, she didn't want to agree, but when she heard Madam Collins gentle tone that sounded as if she was coming a child, Laille didn't have the heart to refuse
Madam Collins was overjoyed. She immediately asked Madam Louisa to call the servants in the Collins Manor and get them to tidy up a room. She also requested for a sumptuous damer to be prepared. After going back and forth a few times, she ended up deciding to do it herself Lucille's heart telt warm and she gave Madam Collins a faint smile.
The Collins family's car slowly continued driving
The last ray of light in the sky had faded out, and the earth was shrouded in the darkness of night.
As the Collins family's extended luxury car slowly drove down the mountain, a black car passed by them. It was heading straight up St. Mary Mountain.
When the lights of the car were turned on, Lucille glanced out of the car window inadvertently. When she saw the license plate of the car clearly, her pupils shrank and her face instantly turned pale. That was a license plate from Dilsburg.
She had once memorized the familiar numbers on it and remembered them clearly.
Was it him? Why had he come to Shein City?
Lucille quickly lowered her head, afraid that the person in the car would recognize her when the two cars passed by each other.
However, when she calmed down and thought about it again, this concem was completely unnecessary. Since the windows were tinted, it was impossible to see inside.
Lucille clenched her fists tightly and tried her best to suppress the surging emotions in her heart.
At that moment, too many scenes flashed through her mind. She didn't even hear Joseph calling her twice.noveldrama
Joseph lowered his head and looked at Lucille. Her eyelashes were trembling and her hands on her legs were unconsciously clenched. It was as if something had affected her emotions and disturbed her mind. Joseph glanced at the rearview mirror and looked at the car's back view. His expression was dark and unclear.
On the top of St. Mary Mountain...
The black luxury car drove along the winding road until it reached the gate of St Mary Church.
"We're here, Sir
The driver respectfully opened the back door.
###The cold moonlight at the top of the mountain shone down on the car. On the spacious back seat, the man's hands were casually crossed, and his fingers, which had clear joints, were pale as snow. They looked rather cold He stepped out of the car with his long legs.
The street lamp drew a long shadow behind him. His noble, icy aura made people subconsciously hold their breath when they looked at him from a distance. They wanted to stay away from him. If they took a step closer, they would feel the pressure in the air and a powerful aura that could make people subunit to him,
The man raised his head. He had a face that was stunningly perfect. His facial features were sharp as it they had been finely sculpted. His skin was cold and pale, and his gaze was deep. There was a dark aura between his eyebrows, making him look gloomy and stubborn
Alter seeing the name of the church in front of him, the man walked in without hesitation
A grouped men in black followed him into the church and surrounded it in a few minutes.
There was a couple wandering around the top of the mountain. They wanted to have a sweet time together, but after seeing that, the boy was so scared that he pulled his gliltilend as they ran down the mountain.
The girlfriend muttered with dissatisfaction, "Who is that person? Why is he so overbeating? He blocked the church off just like that. It's so-
She couldn't finish her words. Obvioushy, her boyfriend had covered her mouth.
- mumph"noveldrama
**Keep yum voire down. Do you see the Flying Phoenix totem on the car? That's the symbol of the Stewart amily in Dilburg. It's the famous Stewart Lantly!" "They're tambur"Why hasn't heard of them, then The Stewart Family
"You've never been left Shein City before of course,
ulon't know who they are, they're from Dahlang, after all Let me tell you this. There are three peowerful! Musburg, and the Stewart tally is the one chape of them. How can we afford to offered someone The sound of their footsteps faded away.
In the church, Frank stood beside the pool. The water showed his swaying reflection. As he threw a copper coin deal
opper enim into the pool, the water splashed, and ripples began to appe "Str," one of his men reported witls trepidation. "We've already souched around. That mysterious palest has gone missing. The people in the temple said that he disa without a trace. They don't know wine he is right now, either " They had rushed all the war over, but falled
Frank stared at the pool for a long time, and there was a chill in his eyes. He threw another copper coin into the pool, tumed around, and said, "Let's go to laburg
The buxury car with the Flying Phorax logo raced through the night.
A phone began to ring in the quiet car.
The subordinate respectfully said, "It's Mr. Millington, Sir. Do you want to plekup
Frank closed her eyes and leaned against the back seat, grunting in response. "Yes"
###Once the call was connected, Connor's voice was heard. "Did you really go to Slarin City to look for that old priest just because of a rumor? Are youcnoty, Phenikoki "I'm crazy"
Frank suddenly opened his eyes. They were blundshot, and be replied in hardened tone, "Conor, you're the one who told me that she's still divenoveldrama
"Even if it's just a possibility, I still have
ave to make sure.
"I must find her. I have to
He said every single word with extreme force as if he wanted to engrave it into his bones.
On the other end of the line, Connor was silent for a while, With difficulty, be asked, "What if we can't find ber? What it she is really deade Frank had no expression on his face. His tone was the same as before, but it was lilled with a chilling four le "If she's really dead."
"I will bury the entirety of Dilburg along with her."
After that, he hung up the phone.
Meanwhile, Connor did not come to his smses for a long Use. From what he knew about Frank, he wasn't joking around thecould i Connor let out a bitter laugh as he looked at the endless darkness of night. He sighed softly and muttered, "Lucille, oli, d really do anything Whecould you be
After that, he went into a daze. He shook his head and
runited to lilimell, "Crazy. I've gone crazy, too
He had lied so much that ean he himself almost believed it.
A few months ago, after the news of Lucille's death got out, Frank had gone mad. No one could get him under control.
F
Connor had no choice but to make up alle, saying that Lucille was actually still alive and that she had just been rebom into someone else's body sooner or later, they would
To think that Frank would believe such nonsense..
Ever since then, he had put aside all of his madness and begun search boy; all u Shrin City overnight just do find out Lucille's current whereabouts.
over the world. He had even heard that an old priest had the power to see the future He
Connor couldn't bear to see Frank like that He didn't want to expose his own lies
Lucille had died long ago. Even her rope had been burned to ashes. How could she have been princarnated?
ing hot food was served to the table one by one. The color, aroma, and taste made it all look incredibly delicious. It was a sumptuous meal ww Madam Collins watched eagerly, Lucille picked up her cutlery and tasted the food. Then, she put on a smile and said, "It's delicious." Old Madame grinned widely. "That's good. You must be tired from climbing the mountain today. Eat more, Lucille. Make yourself at home." "Thank you, Grandma"
Lucille lowered her gaze and stared earing seriously.
Ever since she let St. Mary Mountain, she had been very calm. Unusually calm, in tact. She was like a puppet that had the soul sucked out of it. Her mind was completely empty and toon knew what she was thinking.
Joseph observed all of Lucille's emotions. He lowered his long eyelashes and fiddled with the exquisite and delicate teacup in front of him. Then, in a moment of what seemed like carelessness, he lost his grip on the cup. There was a crack.
With a harsh smash, the poor teacup broke into pieces.
Lucille was brought back to reality by the sound and subconsciously turned to look at it.
"I'm sorry, my hand slipped." Joseph's smile was full of devilish energy. He was apologizing, but he looked laidback and nonchalant. He didn't seem to feel guilty at all. Behind him, Culver was shocked. Since when was Joseph the type to be so careless? It was more likely that he had done it on purpose.
en, she looked at Joseph. With blame in her voice, she said, "
Madam Collins didn't think too much about she ordered the servants to clean up the fragments on the ground. Then, Isn't that part of your favorite tea set, Josh? Now that one of the cups is broken, you won't be able to use at anymore."!! "Throw it away, then" Joseph replied casually.
###His handsome gaze was lazy and wicked. The comers of his thin lips curled up slightly. The faint smile on his face was dangerous yet seductive. Lucille glanced at Joseph before looking away. When she was done eating, she put down her cutlery and told Madam Collins,
"I'm done, Grandma." She hadn't eaten much other than a few mouthfuls.
Madam Collins figured that she just had a small appetite, so she didn't force her. Lovingly, she said, "Lucille, you must be tired after climbing the mountain today. Good girl. I'll get Madam Louise to take you upstairs to rest." "Okay
Lucille stood up and followed Madam Louisa u
a upstairs.
"Have a good rest, Mrs. Collins you need anything, just call me Madam Louisa led Lucille to the door of the room and spoke to her respectfully. Then, she turned around and
left.
The bedroom was very big. It was the same one where Lucille and Joseph had stayed together last time. This time, however, there was a small sofa, and the lock probably wouldn't stop working.
Lucille closed the door. She took off her shoes and lay on the bed. Then, she pulled the thin blanket and covered herself from head to t
Despite that, as soon as she closed herpes, all she could think about were the things that happened in Dilsburg
As well as those eyes that always locked at her with a smile.
Lucile let out a soft breath. It she wasn't mistaken, Frank must have been in the backseat of the car she had passed by earlier that day
she wondered what kind of reaction Frank had when he heard the news of her death.
Lucille lifted the blanket, covering her head, and turned over
While immersed in het mired thoughts, she closed her eyes and fell asleep.
Meanwhile, in the dining hall downstairs, Joseph also stood up after Lucille went upstairs. He slowly stated, "Grandma, I'm full, too. Please enjoy your meal
Hearing that, Madam Collins was both annoyed and amused. "You didn't even touch your tork
Joseph left his seat and kneaded Madam Collins shoulders, causing her to laugh and scold him. "You always try to coax me like this. Hurry up and go. It's not a big deal" "Yes, Your Highness."
Joseph had a slight smile on his face before he turned around and went upstairs
ACH!!
When he passed by the bedroom, Joseph slowed down. Then, he continued moving forward and entered the study next door.
tuber was sleeping inside, and his head was twitching.
when be heard the click of the door lock, achill ran down his spine. He immediately raised his head and respectfully greeted, "Mr. Joseph "
"Have you found anything about the car 1 asked you to investigate?"
Joseph walked in and sat down on the leather seat.
Yes, Mr. Joseph. This is all the information about that car. Culver politely handed over a document.
Joseph took it and flipped through it.
The surveillance camera had only captured a blurry picture of the car they had passed by on St. Mary Mountain, but the Flying Phoenix logo on the car was shining in the dark night. It was extremely eye-catching "Hiph."
Joseph let out a short with an inexplicable sense of coldness. It was hard to tell whether he was happy or angry, and he was surrounded by a sense of oppression,
"So it's the Stewart family from Disburg"
Joseph threw the documents aside and asked casually, "What else did you
you find? What did the head of the Stewart family, Frank, come to Shein City for? Have you found anything?"
"I looked into it, but I didn't find much information Culver lowered his head and cautiously added, "Apparently, Frank was looking for a priest in St. Mary Church, but he couldn't find him, so he returned to Dilsburg overnight." It turned out that he was looking for a priest
Joseph stared at the document that he had thrown aside. His slender fingers tapped lightly on the table.
Culver waited with his head lowered. He boldly asked, "Why are you suddenly looking into this, Mr. Joseph?"
Shein City and Dilsburg were totally uninvored.
The same went for the Collins and Stewart familles.noveldrama
Culver was not a fool. He recalled the unusual behavior Joseph had exhibited at the dining table that night. After thinking about it for a while, he began to worry that it had something to do with Lucille.
He made sure to watch his tone and questioned, "ts it because of Mrs. Collins, Mr. Joseph? She has nothing to do with Frank, though. They're not connected at all"
It was true that there was no connection between the two.
Why was Lucille's reaction so strange when she saw the car, though?
It was as if she knew Frank, and their relationship was not ordinary,
Joseph's gaze was deep. The emotions on his handsome face were hard to decipher.
After a long while, he wamed, 'Don't let Mrs. Collins know about this."
Culver bowed as he answered.
###Then, Joseph strode out of the study and headed for the bedroom next door.
When he reached the door, he thought that Lucille would lock it to prevent him from entering. To his surprise, the door opened after he gently twisted the door handle. It turned out that she still had some conscience left
The comers of his lips curled into a smile. He pushed the door open and walked in
Under the warm light in the bedroom, the girl on the bed was asleep with her eyes closed. Under the thin silk blanket, her curved figure was delicate.
Joseph bent over and called out softly, "Bobo?"
Lucille's breathing was even
was even. Obviously, the had fallen asleep, so she did not respond
Joseph raised an eyebrow and remained composed. He muttered to himself, "Forget it. I'll just let it go."
After that, he lay down on the other side of the big bed.
Lucille opened her eyes. She was so angry that she could no longer pretend to be asleep. She simply sat up and grumpily muttered "Get off the bed, Joseph!" Alluring
Curves widened.
tyng on the bold, Joseph raised his eyebrows. His handsome face, which had a half-smile on it, was full of wicked energy. His eyebrows seemed to have been carefully drown. His gode skin was as white as snow, and his lips were a vibrant red, which was very attractive, Under the warm yellow light, Joseph propped his head up with one hand. Itis lazy posture made it seem like he had come straight out of a painting,
If it were any other woman, they would have been unesmerized already. However, tocille maintained incredible composure. Aside from being stunned briefly, she was unaffected.noveldrama
Lucille yankind the blanket away with a fierce look on her face. It was obvious that she wanted to chase him out.
Joseph was calm as he replied, "It's not like it's our first time doing this, lobo. As long as you don't do anything to me, I don't mind sharing a bed with you."
Lux ille put on a fake smile. "Thank you, but I mind.""
After that, she rolled up one of the blankets and laid it out on the sofa. Then she turned back to the bed to take another pillow.
However, as soon as she reached out, she was grabbed by Joseph
After being spin around, Lucille was pressed down by him.
"what are you
Lucille was so angry that she was about to hit him. However, at that moment, the unlocked door was pushed open and Madam Louisa's voice was heard.
*Mrs. Collins, Madam Collins was afraid that you would get hungry at night, so she asked me to get you some supper."
The sound of footsteps approached quickly,
Madam Louisa, who was carrying some midnight snacks, stepped into the room to check on Lucille. Then, she immediately saw what was happening. On the big bed, Lucille's long, black hair was spread out like a waterfall, and her delicate and pretty face showed a little surprise.
Joseph was calm, Without looking up, he said, "Put it down and get out"
Madam Louisa came to her senses and quickly put down the food. She left the room swiftly to report to Madam Collins.
The door was closed again, and silence returned to the room
Lure pulled the blanket up to cover her face and played dead
Joseph found it a little funny. He tore off the blanket and had no intration of teasing her any further. He mansured, "Alright, that's enough for tonight. Go to sleep." With resentment in her voice, Lucille asked, "What about you?"
Joseph glanced at the couch and replied with achuckle, "Didn't you already prepare everything for me?"
Lucille fell silent.
She turned over, closed her eyes, and was about to sleep.
Distracted by what had just happened, those chaotic thoughts finally left her mind.
It was a dreamless night
Lucille woke up early the next morning.
She washed up and went downstairs. The first thing she saw won Malam Collins, who was about to take her medicine after being urged to do so by Madam Louisa. There were many pills of various colors, someof which were painkillers.
###good condition in the first place, and now they were worse.
It was probably because they had climbed up the mountain the day before, Madam Collins legs weren't in good com "Grand" Lucille stepped forward and squatted in front of Madam Collins' wheelchair. She asked, "Would you mind if I gave you some treatment? Your leg can't be cured, but i can relieve your pain. You won't have to take so many painkillers in the future." On the surface, Lucille was merely a medical student who had yet to graduate. How could she have the ability to treat people?
However, Madam Collins trusted her completely. To be exact, it wasn't Lucille's medical skills that she believed in Instead, she placed her full trust in Lucille as a person.
Madam Collins smiled kindly and responded, "Silly girl As long as it's you, I have nothing to worry about."
Lucille nodded and no longer hesitated. She took out the bag of tools she carried with her and opened it. Then, sive motioned for Madam Louisa to lift the legs of Madam Collinsnoveldrama
pancs
Not inlener in the Schtest
Not Inferior in the slightest
When everything was ready, Laville took out her tools and began the treatment.
Her technique was very steady, neither too fast nor too slow. She never hesitated for even a moment. Her technique was perfect and she did not seem like a student who was still karning
Even when compared to Master Walton, she wasn't inferior in the slightest.
Atrace of surprise flashed across Madam Collins eyes.
Lucille had treated her at the foot of the mountain the day before as well, but it was a different technique. The treatment the day before was just a temporary solution, but the treatment Lucille was performing right then was a permanent care for Madam Collins' pain. Spon, Lucille got to work
She said, "You have to bear with it for a while, Grandma, Your knees might feel a little hot. You'll feel better in a few minutes." "Okay
Madam Collins nodded.
It was exactly as Lucile said. After the initial burning sensation, Madim Collins was surprised to find that her knees were immersed in warmth as if she was snaking in a hot spring and sitting next to a fireplace it was bcredibly comfortable.
"Oh my goodness, this is.." Madam Collins was pleasantly surprised. When she was in great pain, she had asked Master Walton to treat her before and prescribe her some medicine. Even so, it was far from being as effective as Lecille's treatment. "How did you do it, Lucile?" she asked
It was about time. Lucille stopped the treatment and replied, "Grandma, the pain in your knees was a side effect of your activity when you were young because your blood wasn't flowing properly. All I did was give you some simple treatment to get rid of these side effects." Lucille made it sound as if what she had just done wasn't worth mentioning. Madam Collins knew that she just didn't want to make a big deal out of it What a thoughtful child.
She looked at Lucille with an increasingly gentle and kind look in her eyes.
Lucile stood up and looked at the time, "Grandma, it's getting late. I have to go to school."
She had to attend at least once or twice a week
The pain was unbearable
"Oh, I'm so sorry. You did so much for me, but you don't even have time to eat breakfast." After that, Madam Collins asked the servants to pack Lucille some breakfast and send it to the car. Then, she told the driver, "Drive slowly when you send Mrs. Collins to school" The driver answered respectfully
Lucille's own car wasn't at the manor, so she did not reject Madam Collins' kind offer
On the way, the driver drove very steadily Lucille sat in the spacious back seat and picked up the warm breakfast beside her.
There was a bit of a traffic on the way there. The driver saw that the road was packed with cars and was worried that Lucille would be late, so he asked respectfully, "Mr Collins, would it be okay if I took another road? it be faster." "SUT"
###Lucille agreed and nodded casually.
The driver changed the route.
Coincidentally, they happened to pass by Howard's large amusement park
Lucille looked out of the car window and saw that there were no signs of the rides operating
What was going on? The day before, she had just beard that Howard had bought hundreds of generators at a high price and was ready to use them for the amusement park's grand opening.
Why did the place still look so quiet and gloomy when the power had been fully restored by hundreds of generators?
On top of that, there were also people at the entrance of the amusement park holding banners that were asking for their debts to be repaid. One of them wrote in big rod words Howard Jules, you b'stard. Pay your workers! Pay off your loans! Give my hard-earned money back!"
Lucille blinked How had Howard become the target of a witch hunt overnight?
Seeing that, the driver answered, "You might not know this, Mrs. Collins, but the road at the entrance of the amusement park was dug up by someone. They said that the casad treded to be repaired, so the amusement pack became an isolated island. Even if they began operations, customers still wouldn't be able to get there because of the road being cut Somat was what happened
dmce they were passing by, Lucille looked out. As the driver had said, all the roads around the amusement park had been dug up. The huge park had become an isolated island.
The driver let and a sigh "it's so obvious that the leader of the project, Mr. Jules, must have offended someone while carrying our the project. After all, things were going so smoothly at tlie start, but he's having it hard after putting in all that effort."
The only possibility is that be must have gotten on someone's nerves."
Alter the driver finished speaking, he suddenly remembered that Lucille's surname was Jules, and she was the daughter of Howard himself.
"I-I'm sony, Mes. Collins. I spoke without thinking. That's not what I meant."
The dower apologized hurledly.
"It doesn't matter. It has nothing to do with me." Lucille didn't take it seriously.
Soon, the car stopped steadily and arrived at the school five minutes earlier than expected.
ale thanked the driver before getting out of the car and walking towards the school gate
However, before she could even take a few steps, she was stopped by a bodyguard in a black suit. "Miss, my boss has invited you to come back home."
Obviously, the boss in question was Howard.
The bodyguard in front of her worked for him.
Lucille still remembered how Howard had forced her to sign the contract in order to get hold of her shares. The man in the suit was one of the bodyguards who had threatened her and even tried to kill her Lucille's eyes were filled with coldness. All she said in reply was, "Get lost."
"Miss!"
The bodyguard in black stood in front of Lucille again and insisted, "This is an order from Mr. Jules. He demanded that you go home. The car is on the side of the road. Please get What aridiculous request
At the time, Howard had publicly announced that he was cutting ties with Lucille Now, he had sent another bodyguard to forcibly bring her home.
Since when was that her home?
"Get out of my way if you don't want to get hurt," she warned.
Lucille glanced at the bodyguard in front of her who was blocking her way. She was still as nonchalant as before, but she exuded an awe-inspiring aura that no one dared to disobey.
The bodyguard had no choice but to repeat, "Mr. Jules has something urgent to ask you, Miss. Please come back with me.
Lucille gave him a faint smile.
She could guess why Howard wanted to see her. He was either going to ask her for money or tell her to get How funny. Howard wanted to ask her something, so why did she have to be the one to go and see him? Did he not understand the situation that he was in.
Joseph to help him clean up the mess.
Lucillesmered, "Go back and tell Howard that I don't know him, and I have no obligation to help him. If he annoys me again, I let him know what true despair is "After that, she left.
Watching Lucille's back as she left, the bodyguard wondered how likely he would be to succeed if he tried forcing her into the car.
As he contemplated, he recalled how Lucille had beat him up not long ago.
Forget it. Hestill wanted to live the rest of his life.
The bodyguard returned to the Jules family's villa to report and said truthfully, "Miss Lucille refused to come back, Mr. Jules. She also asked me to convey a message
What Did That Wicked GirlSay
Horcard was sitting at the dining table, eating breakfast. He was having for gras, which w
was paired with some expensive red wine. Hearing (What did that asked phil say?"
falard bis heat.
Miss Lucille said that she doesn't know you and that she has no obligation to help you. She said that if you bother her again, she will let you know what true despair in The bodygund's voice grew quietes as he spoke. Howard slammed the table forcefully and was exasperated, "She's threatening e
fil'mon girl has the puts in threaten me2 piliradan!-
In this short span of halt a month, Howard's mood was he a roller coaster. It was full of ups and downs.noveldrama
###He had spent over in billion to constract that amusement park with high expectations. Not only had he built the amusement park, but he aho bought all the nearby land to devler the power being cut off.
All the procedurs had been completed, and now the project was stopped in its tracks due to the
Finally, he spent a lot of money to buy tons of generators. As a result, all the roads around the park were dig up, and his project was turned into an isolated island.
Now, he was in a dilemma. If he gave up the amusement park project and tiered the Land he bought into a residential area, it would definitely be a safe solution. However, problem was that he had no money.
At that moment, there were only two choices. First, he could quickly collect funds, convert the land, and earn his money back. If not, he had to get more money and resources to contine the project.
Howard was confident that as long as he passed the barrier in front of him, all the problems would be solved.
That was precisely why he wanted to ask Lucie tecore back so that she could use her title as the mistress of the Collins family to help him make a few investments.
possible, it would be best to get Joseph's help, too.
If Joseph were to get involved, nobody would dare to set Howard up anymore.
He was Joseph's father-in-law, after all.
Thus, early that moming, Howard sent his personal bodyguard to pick up Lucille. That was the biggest compromise he could make. How could he bow his head to his own daughter?
However, that wicked girl still didn't know what was good for her and even dared to threaten him.
Howard was so angry that his face went ashen. He was in no mood to eat the foie gras any longer. He threw away the knite and fork, stood up, and thundered, "It seems that I have to invite her over in person. Get the car ready. We're going to her school Hetetused to believe that Lucille would dare to be so impolite in front of so many people,
She had to help him, and she wasn't allowed to refuse
The car sped toward the schoolnoveldrama
Arap in the moming
Locally had just finished washing her hands and walked out of the bathroom when she saw Howard bously arkling to
You arrogant, unloyal daughter. You'll only come back if I invite you in person, huh?"
Sheim.nediately corrected him, saying, "You're wrong. Even if you invite me personally, I wan"i pa,"
Essentially, she was asking him who he thought he was
Howard was so full of rage that his eyes widened
toward her in the long corridor. The first thing he said was
ar that moment, Zoey heard thenews and rushed over from the classroom. Sher patted Howard's back to calm him down and whispered, "Dad, we're at school, and is watching You have to talk to Excite calmly. If you need to say something, then you in linea proper discussion. Don't be angry."
Howard's eyes flashed, and he understood what Zoey was implying.
That's right. Lucille couldn't be convinced by fo
Besides, they were at school. With the pressure of so many pins of eyes watching, Lucille coetuse ham as long as he softened his actitude
It she did, she would have the reputation of being an unloyal daughter for the rest of her life.
Having thought it through, Howard once again looked at Lucille with resentment. Alkhough he wanted to strangle her, his attitude softened. He lowered his voice and mated, "You know that our tandy is in a difficusation right now, Lucille You're the only one who can help" "We'ar a family. Even though we've had a condebele, we're stal tather and daughter Blood is thicker than water You're not going to get you Lily at shartingal moment, meyauti
Humble Tone
How.disgrating.
Looking at his humble posture and tone, Lucille could not help but feel embarrassed.
Lucille rudy abisired Howard and Zoey. They could always make full use of their shameksaness.
They were unbeatable in terms of how disgusting they could be
Lucille scratched her ears and asked casually, "Are you done? Is there anything else you want to add?"
With such a contemptuous attitude, she clearly can't see him as her father at all.
###Howard was so angry that he wanted to slap her. However, when he thought that he had to ask Joseph for help, he could only restrain himself. With emotion in his voice, he said, The company is in such a big crisis. I can't come it, the only thing Tean do is apply for bankruptcy." He continued, "No matter what disagreements or estrangement inight have happened between is, I hope you can be on my side in the face of such a huge crisis, Lucille. Besides, how could you bear such a huge grudge when I raised you painstakingly?" "I'm doing this for your own good, Lucille for family goes bankrupt and you don't have our support, you won't be able to live a good life even if you marry into the Collins Lamily! Listen to me. Go talk to Mr. Joseph and ask him to help me west and deal with the road repairs, okay?" Howard felt that he had chosen his words beautifully.
Lucille had no choice but to agree to his request. He also pointed out the consequences of not having support from her family.
He retired to believe that she could still be indifferent after all that.
In reality, however, Lucille was sing
Her clear and soul-stirring eyes were slightly curved, like a deep pool of spring water. She was extremely beautiful, but also cold as ice.
Her smile attracted many people's attention
Lucille calmly replied, "I can't help you, nor am going to. You should take care of yourselves."
After that, she walked forward and was ready to leave.
However, Howard rushed to the guardrail without hesitation and yelled at Loctite in a threatening tone, 'You don't even want to help me daughter. You want to see medie, don't you? Fine, then Don't stop me. I'm going to jump off the railing right now!" with such a small thing, you traitorous
What was going on?
Lucille was delighted. She stopped, turned around, and looked at Howard. Totally composed, she said, "Go on, jump. If you do, I might be in a good mood and invest some money." Not only did Lucille say that, but she also took action to drive away all the students who were watching the fun, giving Howard all the space he needed for his performance. "Well, no one will stop now. Go ahead."
Howard was speechless,
His expression kept changing.
Obviously, he couldn't jump.
With dozens of people watching him, he was in a dilemma.
The way he had one foot on the ring was especially hilarious,
"Dad"
Zorrushed forward to help Howard, but Lurile grabbed het by the shoulder and held her in place.
"I already said that nobody is allowed to disturb Mr. Jules' performance."
Lucille's e expression was langud, but her tour stopped everyone from speaking.
Zoey tried to struggle, but Lucille's grip on her shoulder was like a heavy mountain. Whenever she made the slightest movement, a huge force would press down again, making he bones hurt. AWNO
A Way Out
Standing beside the railing, nobody stepped up to give Howard a way out of the situation. He was both angry and anxious, so he had to put his legs down disgracefully
In order to protect his dignity, Howard looked up at the sky. He thumped his chest and stamped his feet as he complained, "God, bow could I have raised such a beartless daughter?" After that, he fell to the ground and fainted
The students who were watching were shocked. They all turned to look at Lucille and began blarning her,
"oh my god, you're so heartless that you made your own father faint from anger. You're too cold-blooded, Lucille!"
"Exactly! Not to mention, I've heard that this is not the first time. Last time, Lucille made her father so angry that he coughed up blood and got hospitalized."
"What are you waiting for? Call the ambulance!"
No one noticed that Lucille was walking overnoveldrama
###She squatted beside Howard with a cold light dashing in her hands, and the tools in her hands glinted.
"My teacher taught me that by applying proper treatment, you can make a patient wake up immediately. Even though it's a painful treatment, the unconscious person won't be able to feel the pain for the time being, so.." Lucille's lips curled into a smile, and an evil look appeared on her face. She added, "Don't panic. It's not a big problem."
Hearing that, Howard, who closed his eyes and pretended to faint, felt his eyelids twitch
When he felt that Lucille was really about to treat him, Howard immediately opened his eyes and backed up Furiously, he roared, "You wicked girl, what are you doing?" Obviously, she was about to treat him
Why call an ambulance? It was a waste of medical resources
Lucille got up and put away her tools. Without saying anything, she left.
The students around were stunned, obviously, they hadn't processed the situation yet.
Hadn't he fainted just now? Why did he wake up so quickly?
Zory hid the disgust in her heart. She stepped forward and helped Howard up. She deliberately raised her voice and said, "Dad, you're sick again. Go home and rest. Last time, the doctor told you that you wouldn't be able to handle any stimulation." Howard's footsteps were weak, and he was helped away by the bodyguards behind him.
The situation finally quieted down.
On the way back, Howard's face was gloomy. Obviously, he was still angry about what had just happened.
The driver and the bodyguard in the passenger seat didn't dare to say anything.
In the back seat, Zory wanted to confort Howard obediently. Unexpectedly, he changed his usual gentle attitude toward her and scolded het.
"It's all your fault for suggesting such a temble ideal planned to go to Mr. Joseph directly, but you insisted on telling me to look for this wicked girl Look what happened. I totally humiliated myself today!"
Zory immediately lowered her head and apologized with an aggrieved tone. "I'm sorry, Dad. It's all my fault. It's because I know that Mr. Joseph has always been unfriendly t outsiders. Since Lucille is his fiancee, I thought she could convince him to help our company get through the crisis. Who would have thought.." Her eyes were red, and she looked like she was on the verge of tears
Howard immediately felt distressed and replied, "it's not your fault. You're so sensible, Zory. It's all that beat's Lauk, Sherriuses to help us with such a small thing. Sooner or later, I will make her regret it
"Dad, what should we do about the company?" she had finally managed to get her hands of 20% of the Jules family's shares. If they went bankrupt, wouldn't there be nothing lett Howard smiled and confidently declared, "Don't worry. We won't go bankrupt," Only then did Zory let out a sigh of relief.
However, based on Howard's words, it seemed that there was another huge fochine in the Jules family that she did not know about
Zoey's eyes flashed, and she was about to try and dig the information out tinexpectedly, the bodyguard in front of her ddenly hauled over het mobile phone and sakite Howard, "Sir, bad news. Photos of you causing a scene at the school earlier have been taken and spread online"
Who?
His Reputation
round's heart skipped about, and he immediately got abad feeling.
He snatched the phone handed over by the bodyguard. He save that the headlines were about him making a scene at the school. Nobody knew if the person who had taken the
los was trying to purposely ruin his reputation or not, but all of the pictures were taken when he was making the most exaggerated expressions.
Not only were there tons of gly pictates, there was even a full video.
What more, the title of the article was shocking as wellnoveldrama
read insteaded paying his workers, rich businessman Howard Jules went to his daughter's school and threatened to jump off the building!
With that article being written, not to mention that they had a video as proof, Howard felt as if he had been stripped of his pride with everyone watching. He had no dignity lett A scandal Eke that was related to his reption How was he going to show his face in Shein City again?
###Howard was so angry that he saw and He could only curse at the bodyguards in front of him. "What did even hire you for? You didn't even notice that someone was secretly taking a video of me Are your eyes just for decoration?"
The bodyguard didn't dare to say anything, but he secretly felt wrongednoveldrama
When he was about to follow him up the stairs, it was Howard who stopped him. He could only wat downstairs. When he heard the noise and looked up, he saw Howard climbing over the guardrail on the third floor. He immediately cushed up when he felt that things were taking a bad turn.
However, Howard was venting all his anger on the bodyguard.
The bodyguard sighed. He was really the most miserable employer.
Howard threw the phone aside angilly and ordered, "Send someone to check which media outlet this is from. Ask them to remove the news immediately! Don't leave a single ancle up! Despite that, it was too late.
In just half an hour, the number of views increased rapidly. In the blink of an eye, there were
were more than 5 con comments.
All the people who had watched this video kept commenting
Someone said: "Seriously? How can there be a father he him? This isn't just manipulation. He's totally shameless!
Another replied: "Exactly, you can't stop paying your workers just to uphold your own reputation. You guys might not know this, but there are so many employees going on strike outode the anusement park, asking to be paid Just seeing that makes me pity them." Someone else added. "More importantly, they're only on the third floor. How can he threaten to jump off at such a low height? It's not like he'll actually die if he jumps down." One person commented: "AL the end of the video, I thought that scumbag father actually tasted from anger. I didn't think that he was just pretending!"
A netizen typed: "Oh, I remember now. n't that the one who bluntly said that she wouldn't forgive or reconcile with anyone when she was interviewed by a reporter last time? No wonder she looks familiar. Even with no her, she still looks so pretty."
In the video, Lucille raised her head in a casual manner. Her eyes were sparkling and her smile was in full bloom. She was as charming as could be.
Gradually, the netizens' attention was turned elsewhere.
Someone posted: "You guys only know how to suck up. I'm different. I get straight to the point What's up, babe
Areply read "The person above me is so shameless"
*Looks like she really hates hypocrites. Her father threatened that he was going to jump off a building, and the way she pushed everyone away to give him space to pump really shocked me. She's so cool!" "Hahahaha! Not to mention the last part when her scumbag father pretended to faint she came over and was about to treat him, which scared him so much that he couldn't pretend anymore. I'm dying of laughter,
The group of netizens simply regarded the news as a source of joy, and some people even turned a screenshot of Howard's ferocious face into a meme
With the ball rolling, all the netizens were showing off their talents. They even made the screenshot of Lucille holding her tools and smiling casually into a sticker pack with the caption "Hypocrisy is a disease. Let me treat you" Just ke that, the news went viral
"Why
(biny obviously, they did not intend to take down the articles.
###Chalica meme! This is slander. They are deliberately slandering me!" he mani
vand wondd direct lah anger toward her Thus, she found an excuse to steak har k ruher nonen.
ink of a solution How can I guess these 'mined ante leg?
in he was happy or angry, but there was an invisible sense of oppression in his tone. "Dad, how can you still be
rasinalde. It was an ill
"didn't think there was anything wrong with what lar ?sad said
sexpression in las l?ve, and his words were full of peeing as he replied, "You still owe your workers money, Torring them to go on strike. Do you really think you
ell you do is live in denial and lie to yourself. Do you think things will blow cover if you justnoveldrama
villa while enjoying foie gras and
"Tal, El?se emphasized this issue me the unce. Why don't you listen to me
Hemmanil hat always been an of few words. Thid was the first time he had said so many words in such an arcusatory tone.
vil choked and inimiedairly got ignet.
Howard was about to regelmand laku, but bemand's and woods were so shocking that be free.
"Bud"
"The
rest in cleanling op your messes all the time, Fabraly told you before the first phase of the project that it wouldn't be advisable to invest too much i Even now, Hold you to clean up the mess as soon as possibile, still refuse to listen." Alter Bernard finished spuding, lis msistant ca
###Fame down from upstairs with a black suite as in his hand.
No matter what happens in this family in the future, don't come looking for me. You can make your own decisions
The graded his coal, nodded to Howard, and then sinde mit without looking back.
I was not until the sound of the car faded away that Howardnoveldrama
this senses as if he had just woken up from a dream.
His son, whom he had always been proud of, had abn left Ling beland.
Looking at Her Jumatious but empty villa, Howard went into a paid for the first time. He subconsciously wanted to chase after Bernard, but Zory appeared behind him silently and shouted, "Etal, why are your hands shaking; Are yourtes flard? You around, and everything went black. Hesoddenly collared
Zory welped in sumpulse. She then andered the servants and boshguards beside her,
After sending Howarthakto room and waiting
inily docti intrane and
him a check up, Lucille stood at the end of the best with a
I won't say the half finally gotten ikad tead, the guy who used her plus time and time again Machoodairellor pales Family wouklidare to go against hier eser Nobody Saw it
Zorg admired her new nails. The look in her eyes was greedy, cold, and mean, which was completely different from her usual innocent and kand Heves, nobody saw it.
So, the family doctor arrived.
Zoey sat down with a worried look on her face. After the doctor examined Howard, she asked with red eyes, "Doctor, how is my father? Is he all right?
Sering the girl in front of him crying, the doctor was a little emotional Even though the jules family had three hinlogical children, none of them were as loyal as their adopted sister, Zoey
He replied, "Don't worry. Mr. Jules just tainted because he was too angry. It's nothing severe. He pist needs to rest. I'll prescribe some medicine to restore his energy. He just has to take them on time for two days." "Thank you, doctor."
###Zoey wiped away her tears
Not long after, Howard woke up.noveldrama
The moment he opened his eyes, Howard saw the ceiling and thought of the series of events that had occurred in recent years. Its chest ached again.
His eldest son, whom he had high hopes for, had moved out without any regard for Howard's wellbeing. His second son, who was a born rebel, fell out with him and noned
against him completely. Only his third son was still obedient However, Charles didn't have any backbone. All of them were useless.
His only daughter was also an ungrateful person. She always went against him. At this point, she might have cut off his life support.
Even though he had worked hard for decades, he ended up in such amiserable state at this age
Howard's lips twitched. He was angry and full of hatred.
###It wasn't until he heard Zoey's loyal and concerned voice, saying, "Dad, getting angry will make you sick. Don't get too worked up in the future. It's not good for your health. Also, the doctor has just prescribed you some medicine I'll help you sit up so you can take it." Howard tumed his head and saw that Zoey was busy. First, she helped him sit up, then she immediately got him a cushion for him to lean on. She even tested the temperat the cup of hot water she poured to make sure was not too bat betore she handed it to him. She did it all on her own.
At that moment, Howard seemed to have made up his mind with a determined expression, he told her seriously, "Zoey, go to my safe and get something"
Upon hearing that, Zoey's heart skipped a beat, and she was ecstatic.
If her guess was right, what Howard was about to give her was something better than her wildest dreams.
She was excited, but she acted clueless Seemingly discontented, she replied, "Take your medicine first, Da I'll get it for you after you take it.
of
"Okay, okay." Howard suddenly laughed. "In the end, you're still the best, Zoey, You're so loyal and sensible. Unlike that wicked girl Lucille, who pissed him off at every waking momentnoveldrama
After watching Howard take his medicine, Zorg went to a small room.
Using the passcode that Howard gave her, she entered it into the sale with click, the thick sale door opened, and inside was a big red jewelry box.
###Zory's heart was pounding She quietly opened the jewelry box and took a look, which left her stunned.
There was a set of expensive retry that was no longer on sale, it was all high-quality sapphire. Any one of them was priceless, let alone a complete set shermenbeard comectly, the full set of accessories was left behind by Annabelle before her drail to be used as Lucille's
dowry
1
Since Howard asked her to take it out, could it be..
Atrace of greed (Lached across Zory's eyes. She didn't dare to stay inside for long she got up and walked out with the heavy jewelry box in her arms. She asked, "That is if this
Howard took the jewelry box. He opened it, took out an envelope from the bottom of the box and put it in his pocket. Then, he pushed the whole set of jewelry to do and said, Do you like it, Zoey This is me ping you your dowry in advance. Take good care of " "Bad!" Lurie was flattered and delighted. However, after thinking for two seconds, she shook her head and responded, "I can take this, Bad. I know that Mom left this behind Joe Lirilk How can I keep myself 's not right." "What's so wrong about?' it to whoever want. Besides, that unloyal daughter don't deserve all this precious rely be declared! Generous Reward
But
Zoey bit her up and wanted to protest further, but Howard interrupted her directly. Take good care of it well said it belongs to you, so it's yours. Okay, you can go back to your room, my precious daughter. I'm going to rest" Her afforts were not in vain. She had received a generous reward for her so-called loyalty.
Lucille picked up the jewelry box and gave him a sweet smile. "Thank you, Dad
Howard waved his hand
After Zoey left, the door was closed again.
There was no one around. Only then did Howard open the envelope he had taken from the jewelry box. A black card fell out of it. The balance on the card was a total of one billion.
In addition to that black card, there was also a piece of paper in the envelope. It was a handwritten letter.
It was from his wife, the mother of their children. She had written it to their youngest daughter, Lucille
In the letter, she essentially wrote that the black card worth one billion and the whole set of expensive sepphire jewelry were the dowry she left for her daughter. Once Lucille got married, she intended for Howard to give it to Lucille on her behalf. Howard glanced at it coldly. Then, be tore the letter that was covered with words into pieces and threw it into the trash can as it were garbage.
A dowry that was left to his daughter?
He could use the money and jewelry however he wanted. He could give it to whorver he wanted!
Howard snorted coldly. He had long been dismissive of his wife's dying words. They only remained in the back of his mind.
He put the black card in his wallet
At that moment, someone knocked on the door, and Victoria's voice was heard.
Howard, can I come in?
Howard leaned on the bed and answered lazily, "Come In "
Victoria came in with the soup that she had spent over two hours making, Worriedly, she asked, "Are you feeling better? Here, have some soup to recove
As soon as Victoria put down the soup, Howard dragged her over.noveldrama
After getting the black card with a balance of one billion, Howard was in a good mood. Even his hands began to feel restless.
The next day, Howard, who had been in hiding for more than ten days, finally showed up
He paid off all the debt that he owed the workers and suppliers, then sold the amusement park and the surrounding land ott
Bemard had already advised him to do that before things blew up. Unfortunately, Howard did not listen to him. Even though he had paid the rest of the money off, he would still 1 reputation for not keeping his word
have a bad r
To make things worse, the land he bought at a high price was rumored to have bad luck due to the power outage. He tried to sell it at a high price, but nobody would buy it.
Left with no choice, Howard could only lower the price again and again Finally, he got to halt the market price and barely managed to break even it wasn't bad enough to him no declare bankruptcy
On the day of the amusement park's closing. Howard's eyes fell on a big sign that was
was on a nearby street
Bread "Tech Connex Pandion"
"Hmpl" Howard sneered, and a trace of cruelty dashed across his heart
open the assement park, which allowed Tesh Connex Pavilion to take advantage of him.
Howard snapped his fingers and deed the men beside him. "Theard that the agent in that pain is quite expensive Good, then. Take à
with you bought
###Ruin His Reputation
What?
Howard's heart skipped a beat, and he immediately got a bad feeling.
He snatched the phone handed over by the bodyguard. He saw that the headlines were about him making a scene at the school. Nobody knew if the person who had taken the photos was trying to purposely ruin his reputation or not, but all of the pictures were taken when he was making the most exzegerated expressions.
Not only were there tons of ugly pictures, there was even a full video.
What's more, the title of the article was shocking as well.
It read: "Instead of paying his workers, rich businessman Howard Jules went to his daughter's school and threatened to jump off the building!" With that article being written, not to mention that they had a video as proof, Howard felt as if he had been stripped of his pride with everyone watchin He had no dignity left.
A scandal like that was related to his reputation. How was he going to show his face in Shein City again?
Howard was so angry that he saw red. He could only curse at the bodyguards in front of him. "What did I even hire you for? You didn't even notice that someone was secretly talding a video of me. Are your eyes just for decoration?"
The bodyguard didn't dare to say anything, but he secretly felt wronged
When he was about to follow him up the stairs, it was Howard who stopped him. He could only walt downstairs. When he heard the noise and looked up, he saw Howard climbing over the guardrail on the third floor. He immediately rushed up when he felt that things were taking a bad turn
However, Howard was venting all his anger on the bodyguard.
The bodyguard sighed. He was really the most miserable employee.
Temove the news immediately!
Howard threw the phone aside angrily and ordered, "Send someone to check which media outlet this is from. Ask them to H
Don't leave a single article up!"
Despite that, it was too late,
In just half an hour, the number of views increased rapidly. In the blink of an eye, there were more than 5,000 comments. All the people who had watched this video kept commenting
Someone said: "Seriously? How can there be a father like him? This isn't just manipulation. He's totally shameless!"
Another replied: "Exactly. You can't stop paying your workers just to uphold your own reputation. You guys might not know this, but there are so many employees going on strike outside the amusement park, asking to be paid. Just seeing that makes me pity them." Someone else added: "More importantly, they're only on the third floor. How can he threaten to jump off at such a low height? It's not like he'll actually die if he jumps down."
One person commented: "At the end of the video, I thought that scumbag father actually fainted from anger. I didn't think that he was
pretending!"
A netizen typed: "Oh, I remember now. Isn't that girl the one who bluntly said that she wouldn't forgive or reconcile with anyone when she was interviewed by a reporter last time? No wonder she looks familiar. Even with no filter, she still looks so pretty."
in the video, Lucille raised her head in a casual manner. Her eyes were sparkling and her smile was in full bloom. She was as charming as could be Gradually, the netizens' attention was there.
Someone posted: "You guys only know how to suck up. I'm different. I'll get straight to the poi
point. What's up, babe?"
A reply read: "The person above me is so shameless"
going to jump o
a building, and the way she pushed everyone away to give
"Looks like she really hates hypocrites. Her father threatened that he was goin him space to jump really shocked me. She's so cool!" "Hahahaha! Not to mention the last part when her scumbag father pretended to faint. She came over and was about to treat much that he couldn't pretend anymore. I'm dying of laughter.
him, which scared him so
The group of netizons Simply regarded the news as a source of joy, and some people even turned a screenshot of Howard's in
ferocious face into a meme.
With the ball rolling, all the netians were showing off their talents. They even made shot of Lucille holding her tools and smiling casually
into a sticker park with the caption: "Hypocrisy is a disease. Let me treat you."
Just like that, the nows went viral.
Women Howard Tray contactal the moba olet, they hang up the phone directly on the grounds of being busy. Obviously, they did not intend to take things atter returning to
to the villa
"Tessa They even made my picture into a meme! This is slander. They are deliberately slandering me!" he rarel sessed at
reared.
tour that Howard would direct his anger toward her. Thus, she found an excuse to sneak back tonoveldrama
catter, the sound of a car was heard from wsia was Berand
tan over quickly. He eagerly blurted, "You're back, Bernard? Help me think of a solution. How can I suppress these d
was hard to tell whether he was happy or angry, but there was an invisible sense of oppression in his tone, "Dad,
how can you still be thinking about these unimportant things at such a critical moment?"
"Why are they
mean? This involves my tinage and the les family's reputation!"
the didn't think there was any thing wrong with what he had sail.
his face, and his words were tall of meaning as he replied, "You still owe your workers money, forcing them to go on the think you have any dignity lett? Do you think the Jules family has a reputation lett, too?"
ters, all you do is live in denial and lie to yourself. Do you think things will blow over if you just sit in the vill.
more than once. Why don't you listen to me?
a man of few words. This was the first time he had said so many words in such an accusatory tone.
boked and immediately
How could a ta
ded by his own son?
about to reprimand him, but Beard's next words were so shocking that he froze.
entres in cleaning up your messes all the time. I already told you before the first phase of th 150 much in the early stage. Even now, I told you to clean up the mess as soon as possible, and you still refuse to listen." Atter Brandtished speaking, his assistant came down from upstairs with a black suitcase in his hand.
the project that it wouldn't be advisable to invest
wing out. No ma
what happens in this family in th
He grabbed his coat nodigy, and then strode out without looking back
future, don't come looking tor me. You can
make your own decisions."
It was not until the sound of the car faded away that Howard came to his senses as if he had just woken up from a dream.
His son, whom he had always been proud of, had also left him behind.
t want this home anymore.
###it was too late,
In just half an hour, the number of views increased rapidly. In the blink of an eye, there were more than 5,000 comments. All the people who had watched this video kept commenting
Someone said: "Seriously? How can there be a father like him? This isn't just manipulation. He's totally shameless!"
Another replied: "Exactly. You can't stop paying your workers just to uphold your own reputation. You guys might not know this, but there are so many employees going on strike outside the amusement park, asking to be paid. Just seeing that makes me pity them." Someone else added: "More importantly, they're only on the third floor. How can he threaten to jump off at such a low height? It's not like he'll actually die if he jumps down."
One person commented: "At the end of the video, I thought that scumbag father actually fainted from anger. I didn't think that he was
pretending!"
A netizen typed: "Oh, I remember now. Isn't that girl the one who bluntly said that she wouldn't forgive or reconcile with anyone when she was interviewed by a reporter last time? No wonder she looks familiar. Even with no filter, she still looks so pretty."
in the video, Lucille raised her head in a casual manner. Her eyes were sparkling and her smile was in full bloom. She was as charming as could be Gradually, the netizens' attention was there.
Someone posted: "You guys only know how to suck up. I'm different. I'll get straight to the poi
point. What's up, babe?"
A reply read: "The person above me is so shameless"
going to jump o
a building, and the way she pushed everyone away to give
"Looks like she really hates hypocrites. Her father threatened that he was goin him space to jump really shocked me. She's so cool!" "Hahahaha! Not to mention the last part when her scumbag father pretended to faint. She came over and was about to treat much that he couldn't pretend anymore. I'm dying of laughter.
him, which scared him so
The group of netizons Simply regarded the news as a source of joy, and some people even turned a screenshot of Howard's in
ferocious face into a meme.
With the ball rolling, all the netians were showing off their talents. They even made shot of Lucille holding her tools and smiling casually
into a sticker park with the caption: "Hypocrisy is a disease. Let me treat you."
Just like that, the nows went viral.
Women Howard Tray contactal the moba olet, they hang up the phone directly on the grounds of being busy. Obviously, they did not intend to take things atter returning to
to the villa
"Tessa They even made my picture into a meme! This is slander. They are deliberately slandering me!" he rarel sessed at
reared.noveldrama
tour that Howard would direct his anger toward her. Thus, she found an excuse to sneak back to
catter, the sound of a car was heard from wsia was Berand
tan over quickly. He eagerly blurted, "You're back, Bernard? Help me think of a solution. How can I suppress these d was hard to tell whether he was happy or angry, but there was an invisible sense of oppression in his tone, "Dad,
how can you still be thinking about these unimportant things at such a critical moment?"
"Why are they
mean? This involves my tinage and the les family's reputation!"
the didn't think there was any thing wrong with what he had sail.
his face, and his words were tall of meaning as he replied, "You still owe your workers money, forcing them to go on the think you have any dignity lett? Do you think the Jules family has a reputation lett, too?" ters, all you do is live in denial and lie to yourself. Do you think things will blow over if you just sit in the vill.
more than once. Why don't you listen to me?
a man of few words. This was the first time he had said so many words in such an accusatory tone. boked and immediately
###How could a ta
ded by his own son?
about to reprimand him, but Beard's next words were so shocking that he froze.
entres in cleaning up your messes all the time. I already told you before the first phase of th 150 much in the early stage. Even now, I told you to clean up the mess as soon as possible, and you still refuse to listen." Atter Brandtished speaking, his assistant came down from upstairs with a black suitcase in his hand.
the project that it wouldn't be advisable to invest
wing out. No ma
what happens in this family in th
He grabbed his coat nodigy, and then strode out without looking back
future, don't come looking tor me. You can
make your own decisions."
It was not until the sound of the car faded away that Howard came to his senses as if he had just woken up from a dream.
His son, whom he had always been proud of, had also left him behind.
t want this home anymore.
Looking at the honous but pped behind him silently and shouted, "Dad, why are your hands shaking? Are you too tired? You should rest."
empty villa, Howard went into a panic for the first time. He subconsciously wanted to chase alter Bernard, but Zoey
Howard turned around, and everything went black. He suddenly collapsed
This time, he was not presending. He had actually fainted.
Zor yelped in surprise. She then ordered the sen
and bodyguards beside her, "Come and help me!"
After sending Howard back to his room and waiting for the doctor to come and give him a check-un
phant smile in her e
It wasn't easy. She had finally gotten rid of Bernard, the guy who ruined her plans time and time again. Nobody in the Jules family would dare to go against her ever again. Lucille stood at the end of the bed with a
Generous Reward
Zoey bit her lip and wanted to protest further, but Howard interrupted her directly. "Take good care of it well. I said it belongs to you, so it's yours. Okay, you can go back to your room, may precious daughter. I'm going to rest." Her efforts were not in vain. She had received a generous reward for her so-called loyalty.
Lucille picked up the jewelry box and gave him a sweet sanile. "Thank you, Dad."
Howard waved his hand.
After Zoey left, the door was closed again.
There was no one around, Only then did Howard open the envelope he had taken from the jewelry box. A black card fell out of it. The balance on the card
was a total of one billion.
was also a piece of paper in the envelope. It was a handwritten letter.
In addition to that black card, there was als
It was from his wife, the mother of their children. She had written it to their youngest daughter, Lucille.
In the letter, she essentially wrote that the black card worth one billion and the whole set of expensive sapphire jewelry were the dowry she left for her daughter. Once Lucille got married, she intended for Howard to give it to Lucille on her behalf. Howard glanced at it coldly. Then, he tore the letter that was covered with words into pieces and threw it into the trash can as if it were garbage.
A dowry that was left to his daughter?
He could use the money and jewelry however he wanted. He could give it to whoever he wanted!
Howard snorted coldly. He had long been dismissive of his wife's dying words. They only remained in the back of his mind.
e put the black card in his wallet
Нер
At that moment, someone knocked on the door, and Victoria's voice was heard.
"Howard, can I come in?
Howard leaned on the bed and answered lazily, "Come"
Victoria came in with the soup that she had spent over two h
hours making. Worriedly, she asked, "Are you feeling better? Here, have some soup to recover.
As soon as Victoria put down the soup, Howard dragged her over.
After getting the black card with a balance of one billion, Howard was in a good mood. Even his hands began to feel restless.
The next day, Howard, who had been in hiding for more than ten days, finally showed up.
He paid off all the debt that he owed the workers and suppliers, then sold the amusement park and the surrounding land off.
Bernard had already advised him to do that before things blew up. Unfortunately, Howard did not listen to him. Even though he had paid the rest of the monry off, he would still have a bad reputation for not keeping his word.
To make things worse, the land he bought at a high price was rumored to have bad luck due to the power outage. He tried to sell it at a high price, but nobody would buy it.
Left with no choice, Howard could only lower the price again and again. Finally, he got to hall the market price and barely managed to break even. It wasn't bad enough for him to declare bankruptcy
On the day of the amusement park's closing, Howard's eyes fell on a big sign that was on a nearby street.
It read "Tech Connex Pavilion".
"Hmph." Howard sneered, and a trace of cruelty flashed across his heart.noveldrama
He didn't open the amusement park, which allowed Tech Connex Pavilion to take advantage of him.
Howard snapped his fingers and ordered the men beside him, "I heard that the equipment in that pavilion is quite expensive. Good, then. Take a few men with you tonight and burn it to the ground!" Another Round
At nine o'clock in the evening.
###Tech Connex Pavilion closed on time.
Hugo, James, and the others escorted the customers, who still wanted to go for another round, out of the building. Then, they closed the door and counted the income of the day. Every day, they welcomed hordes of customers, and their income kept increasing
"What is our goal? Hugo cleared his throat before asking loudly.
The group of men answered in unison, "Do our best to earn money and make our boss super
Indeed. They had gotten one step closer to their goal that day.
rich!"
Hugo stretched with satisfaction, then patted the shoulder of one of the men next to him. He said, "Today, James and I will stay to clean up. You guys have worked hard. Go rest!" were their resting areas.
The whole building was now theirs. The floor below was an expanded pavilion, and the top two w
The group of people went upstairs with arms around each other's backs. Only Hugo and James took a broom as they began to clean up. Suddenly, Hugo turned his head and asked, "James, do you smell something?" Monkey sniffed carefully, then threw the broom to the floor. He jumped up and exclaimed, "Dmn, that's the smell of f*cking gasoline! Which son of a b *tch wants to light a fire?"
The two looked at each other. Their tacit understanding after fighting side by side for many years made them immediately take action.noveldrama
Meanwhile, outside the technology pavilion, a group of masked men secretly poured a few buckets of gasoline. The leader urged, "Hurry up and light the fire. Quickly, before the people inside find out!" "Yes"
With a click, the lighter lit up.
The group of masked men immediately stepped back, and the person in charge of lighting the li
It flew through the air, creating an arc
Just as the lighter was about to hit the ground, a hand caught it firmly.
lighter threw it over
On the long dark street, the playful smile on James' face was gone. He revealed a kind of frightening
He caught the lighter tightly. The faint flame swayed and then went out.
"You dare to set fire to this place? You must have a death wish "
They had been noticed.
momentum:
The masked men looked at each other. Seeing that the plan failed, they did not dare to stay and turned to rus However, behind them was Hugo.
He stood in front of them and coldly questioned, "Tell me who sent you h
here?"
The masked men gritted their teeth. If they got caught, they caught, no one could do anything to them!
were done for. Running away was the be
the best thing they could do. As long as they were not
and run away!"
The leader of the masked men shouted, "Knock this guy down and r
How could they lose when it was six against one?
Unexpectedly, they actually ended up losing.
Hugo didn't even bat an eyelid. He knocked them down with a few moves, then quickly took off their belts and tied them up.
The group of masked m
men fell to the ground and grimaced in pain.
James stepped forward. He pulled off the masks on their faces and asked, "Tell me. Who sent you here?"
No one said a word.
"Oh, your lips are shut pretty tightly."
Try Them Open
James and Hugo sneered. They weren't amateurs. They had encountered all kinds of tough people as they tought side by side all these years ago. Even if the men's mouths were shat as tighth as claim shells, they could still pay them agen James packal up the can et gasoline on the side and weighed it. He found that there was still some lett inside. Happily, he dumped it on the arsonists. He calmly threatened. "You only have three seconds to think about it. If you don't tell me, I'll light a tine." With a chick, the hide the lighter was opened, and a small chister of flames blazed.
Obviously, someone who was covered with gasoline wasn't going to gamble with their lite. They shouted, "We'll talk! It was Howard Jules who sent s here. He said that as long as we set fire to this place, he would give us 200,000 dallars each. We were just following orders!"
Lemes and Hugo looked at each other. During this period of time, Tech Comes Pavilion had been in a precarious position because of its overwhelming popularity. It was mevitable that people would be jealous of it. They did not expect that Howard would be the one to attempt arson.
Should we call the police
Huge thought for a moment and replied, "I'll report it to the boss first."
Meanwhile, in the Jules Residence..
Lucille was suring the Internet.
Two days ago, the video et Hewand making a scene in school and threatening to jump off a building was posted on the Internet by some kind-hearted person. Public opinion was almost overwhelming en her side, while Howard was bombarded by insults and even had his face turned into meines
She watched the video. The angle of the video was right across from her, which meant that the person who helped her secretly was also in front of her.
In school, there were not many people who showed her kindness.
Lucille was a little curious about who the person was, but there were too many students watching at the time, so it was impossible to tell. She couldn't remember anything, either.
She named off her laptop and put it aside, When Lucille was about to wash up, she got a call from Hugo,
""What is it?
"Boss!" Hugo told her everything that had happened that night, then finally asked, "How should we deal with these people who attempted arson? Also, should we call the police on Howard, who orchestrated all of this?" "Of cours
Lucille spoke word by word, and her gaze was extremely cold. "Not only should you call the police, but you should also sue him. Collect the evidence,
20. Get the surrounding surveillance footage, and then take a picture of the scene as proof."
"Understood
Hago, who had received orders, immediately called the police after hanging up.
When the cops arrived, the huge buckets of gasoline on the ground were irrefutable proof. The arsonists were immediately taken to the followed by Hugo and James who went to testify.
When Howard heard the news, his face turned pale and his hands trembled.
police station,
"Didn't I tell them to run away as soon as they were done? Didn't I tell them not to run away once they were noticed? How could these idiots get caught? Not to mention, they were all caught together."
Howard was so angry that he slapped his forehead.
Betere ordering those people to set fire to the building, he had conducted an investigation himself. The people in Tech Connex Pavilion were just a bunch of gangsters. No one knew where they came from. They looked ordinary and didn't seem like a threat at all. On top of that, the people he hired were all skilled in martial arts. Even if they were confronted by the people at Tech Comex Pavilion, it would not be difficult for them to escape unscathed.
Who knew... that not a single one of them would get away.
They even confessed that Howard was the one behind this!
For all he knew, the police were already on their way to summon him..
###Howard collapsed on the sofa. He rubbed his temples and thought for a while. Finally, he made up his mind and ordered the bodyguards beside him, "Go and call Timothy over."
At this point, it was difficult to deny what had happened.noveldrama
However, it was easy to pin the blame on someone.
Timothy, who had been called over, did not know what was going on at all. When he came over, he thought that Howard was going to give him something good. He could not hide the greed on his face. Looking at Timothy in front of him, Howard parted him on the shoulder and said with a smile, "Timothy, do me a favor. After everything is over, I will
Try Them Open
give you a car you like. What do you think?"
What Is It
Timothy gulped. He was obviously tempted, but he was not a fool. How could Howard offer him something so wonderful for no reason?
Out of vigilance, he asked, "Dad, what is it that you want me to do?"
Howard spat, "Take the blame."
Timothy raised his voice and stepped back in fear
What a joke! Even though Timothy was an uneducated man who did nothing but play around all day, he did not want to be put in jail for his stepfather, who wasn't even his blood relative.
If he got a criminal record to his name, he would be doomed for the rest of his life.
It was not worth it
Timothy backed up and said, "Dad, 1 think it's better for your youngest son to do this kind of thing. I'm not as good as Charles. Why don't you tell him to do it?"
It wasn't like Howard hadn't considered it
However, why would Howard sacrifice his own son when he had a stepson to take the fall for him?
Howard patiently coaxed him. "Timothy, didn't you say there was a car you were interested in? When you're released, I'll buy it for you! It's nothing big, anyway. As long as you do as I say, I'll hire the best lawyer for you I guarantee that you can come out in less than three months!" "Think about it. You only need to eat, drink, and stay in jail for three months. When you come out, you can have a car you like. By then, you can go after any girl you like, too. Wouldn't you be killing two birds with one stone?" Hearing Howard's words, Timothy was stunned.
Lucille's side profile suddenly surfaced in his mind. He had wanted to flirt with her when he first caught a glimpse of her in the car store that day, but not only had she ignored him, she had even given him a harsh slap of reality. In the end, he just did not have much money. If he was rich enough and had a high enough status, wouldn't Lucille be willing to throw herself into his arms sooner or later?
The people in that automobile shop wouldn't here kicked him out, either,
Timothy grew eager, and he was convinced.
Howard added, "I'll also add you to the family registry. In the future, you'll share the same surname as me, and you'll be a true son of the Jules family. Nobody will dare to look down on you again." That was exactly what Timothy wanted to hear.
He swallowed and doubtfully questioned, "Dad, will it only take two or three months before 1 get released?"
"Of course," Howard affirmed.
"Then, will you really buy me a car that costs over thirty million once I'm released?"
Thirty million...
That
was not a small number.
How lashed slightly, but he still answered, "Of course."
"No problem, then. I agree!"
Timothy was extremely excited. To him, this deal was not too much of a bargain. He just had worth a lot of money. Just thinking about it got him worked up
to sit in jail for two or three months to get a car that was
He couldn't wait for everyone else to eye him with envy. He even asked, "Dad, when will I be locked up?" "Soon."
Before the police arrived, Howard emphasized what Timothy needed to say. Anyway, they hadn't succeeded in setting the fire. As long as the situation was said to be caused by a small dispute, then Timothy would not be locked up for long-
"Remember, say that you asked someone to set a fire, but that you only wanted to light a small area on fire to scare them. Say that you didn't intend for le to be so severe and that it was my subordinates who decided to buy gasoline and bring it there. You have to say that you didn't know about these things at all, understood?"
Timothy nodded repeatedly. Those words were related to whether he could drive a car worth 30 million in three months. Of course, he had to remember them.
Not long after, the doorbell rang
The servant ran to open the door and hurriedly reported, "Sir, the police are here!"
"Okay" Howard pretended not to know anything and replied in confusion. Then he took action.
The Book in Her Hand
It was midnight.
###Lucille leaned against the best and flipped through the book in her hand, feeling bones.
At that moment, her cell phone rang
Lucille answered without looking at it. She asked lazily, "How's it going?"
"This is so infuriating, Boss! Howard really is a good-for-nothing! He's too shameless!" go complained.
He continued, "That old fox shirked all the responsibilities and got his stepson to take the blame! He said that his young and ignorant stepson thought that Tech Connex Pavilion was the cause of their downfall, so he made trouble in Howard's name! Plt. Who would believe that excuse?" Lucille flipped a page. As if she had expected it to happen, she casually asked, "What happened in the end?"
"As of right now, it's considered a minor charge of arson. In addition, Howard's stepson confessed to his crime and dented any instigation, so... Based on the current situation, he will be locked up for a few months at most." Hugo was unsatisfied.
Lucille smiled faintly. With hidden meaning in her tone, she replied, "Don't worry. There's still a long way to go."
This time, Howard chose to let Timothy take the blame. That meant Timothy was definitely going to benefit from it somehow. However, it wasn't like Howard hadn't thrown people away after he no longer had any use for them. Whether or not Timothy would actually benefit was something else entirely. She just had to wait for the real show to begin. The Jules family would fight amongst themselves sooner or later.
Lucille hung up the phone and turned off the light to sleep.
After she fell asleep in a daze, her phone rang again.
This time, it was Benjamin
Lucille answered the call with gritted teeth. "Are you tr
you trying to get beat up, Fex?"
Her voice was a little tired and lazy, and her usual calmness and indifference were gone. Obviously, she was angry after being woken up from her sweet dreams.
Benjamin cried out and quickly begged for mercy. "I'm sorry for calling at such a bad time, but it's because I have a task for you. Hehe "
Lucille knew that something bad was coming when she heard that cunning laughter.
"Tell me What's the task?"
Benjamin cleared his throat and said, "Lucille, there are two rasks for you. Firstly, Mr. Joseph of the Collins family offered more than 100 million dollars for you to help find a medicinal ingredient. However, it's located in the desert. It's not an easy task." Lucille was taken aback and surprised
Joseph had offered over 100 million dollars to help her find a medicinal ingredient
It made sense. The toxin in his body needed to be completely suppressed. In the prescription she had written for him, there was indeed a rare herb that only grew in the desert.noveldrama
However... even if she accepted this task, she might not be able to find it.
Lucille was about to reject him when she heard Benjamin's talking again.
###He stated, "Lucille, I've already accepted the task for you." "Huh?" Lurille raised her voice. "Come again?"
Benjamin was serious, but his tone was full of sarcasm. "Lucille, Mr. Joseph is your fiance, you know. You should give him special treatment. Besides, Mr. Joseph also said that it doesn't matter whether you find the ingredient or not. The 100-million-dollar reward still stands. If you don't accept this task, you'll be throwing 100 million dollars away for no good reason!"
It seemed to make sense.
Lucille held her forehead Helplessly, she asked, "What about the second mission?"
"There's no bounty for the second task." Benjamin stopped smiling and seriously explained, "Not only that, but it's also very dangerous. The higher-ups want you to help destroy a pharmaceutical factory. If you're interested, Il send you the information." "Okay," Lucille answered casually.
Suddenly, she heard a faint sound coming from outside the bedroom. She immediately said, "That's it. I'm hanging up."
Lucille lifted the blanket and got out of bed. She opened the door.
Knocking on My Door Again
There was no one outside.
There was only a poor cat sining on the ground.
Lucille's lips twitched and she bent down to pick up the little car. She patted its head and said, "Why are you knocking on my door again? Where's your owner?!
Meow
The little cat rubbed against Lucille's neck and let out two meows behind her.noveldrama
Lucille looked over and saw that the lights in Joseph's study were on. Light and shadows poured down on the aisle, casting a warm glow on the floor. After some thought, Lucille walked over with the cat in her arms, but Joseph was not inside.
"Meow."
The little cat jumped out of Lucille's arms. It jumped into the study and onto the desk
There was a cup of steaming hot coffee on the table. Lucille was afraid that it would topple and splash on the cat, so she went over and picked the kitten
She didn't know when Joseph would come back. Lucille didn't want to stay in someone else's private space, so she was ready to leave. However, before she could take a step, an open drawer with her information and photo inside caught Lucille's attention. She picked it up to have a look and saw the detailed content. It was information that had been collected about her life since she was a child.
It turned out that Joseph had been suspicious about her all this time, so he sent someone to investigate her background.
The corner of Lucille's mouth twitched. She put the document back, then strode out of the study.
At that
moment, Joseph came back.
He had just gone out to answer a phone call. When he saw Luc set off with him to the desert in two days.
Lucie coming out of his stuch
study, he remembered that she had accepted the mission and would
Joseph was in a good mood. He stepped forward and stood in front of Lucille, his eyes shining like stars. He looked at her with a smile and muttered, "Did you come just to see me, Bobo?"
He emphasized the word "just", which seemed to carry an ambiguous meaning behind it.
Lucille raised her head.
There was indifference and alienation in her calm eyes,
"I came to return your cat"
Lucille handed the latten in her arms to jo
to Joseph, then went back to her bedroom and closed the door tightly. Sitting on the big bed, Lucille opened her laptop and looked at the task in her mailbox. After th Revenge was best served cold. This time, it was Lucille who woke Benjamin up as so Lucille's tone was faint and her emotions unclear. She replied, "Drop the previous mission. I'll take the second one." soon as he fell asleep. He yawned and asked, "What is it,
that, she called Benjamin
Lucille?
ii
Benjamin thought that he had misheard her. His sleepiness immediately disappeared and he blurted, "But it's not worth it, Lucille. Think about it again. Do you know who the boss behind the pharmaceutical factory is? If you become his enemy, he'll chase you to the ends of the earth."
"Hmph. Let's see if he can actually find me."
She had many enemies, so she didn't mind having one more
Benjamin wits speechless. He knew that Lucille would never change her mind once she had made a decision.
Rubbing his temples, Benjamin replied, "Olay, got it. When are you going to take action?"
Lucillo browsed through the information in front of her and remarked, "Tomorrow."
Tomorrow?
Benjamin was so surprised that his voice rose. "So last? You haven't made any preparations. Are you going straight in?" "Yeah, I'm going straight in."
###Lucille smiled and hung up the phone to read the information.
Mission target: Amore Lindsay.
Gender: male.
Ape: 28.
212
Krocking on My Domr?gan.
Identity: The head of the Lindsay family in Nine States City. Boss of a pharmaceutical factory.
taille scrolled down and saw a blurry photo of his side profile. The person in the photo was not smiling. He was decently attractive, but he gave off a cold and harsh vibe. It was obvious that he was not someone to be trifled with Countless
Benjamin was right. Amore was not a good man. If she dared to blow up his factory, he would definitely hunt her down to the ends of the earth.
However, according to the information given, the secret factory Amore had developed was enough to threaten the safety of the whole world. It had to be blown up, regardless of the cost,
Despite that, there were countless factories owned by him spread all over Nine States City, all with varying sizes. No one knew the address of that secret
factory.
Her task was to find that one factory and blow it up.
No wonder Benjamin didn't agree with her taking on the task. Not only was there no bounty given, it was hard for her to get involved, too.
Lucille maintained her patience. The secret factory was definitely the core of the Lindsay family. Aside from Amore and his trusted men, no one would be able to touch it. It was impossible to use the same method that they did when they stole the bone whistle The ort
only thing she could do was to get close to him.
Lucille's lips curved into a smile as she looked at Amore's information.
She had found it.
Everyone had their flaws.
Amore's flaw was that he had a sister who had been lost for many years. Over the years, he had never given up looking for her, but never found anything
It was time for her to put on an act again.
Lucille closed her laptop and packed up her backpack, preparing to set off for Nine States City overnight.
Before she left, Lucille knocked on Molly's door.
She still wasn't asleep.
Lucille walked in and frowned. "Molly, what's wrong with you these days? You haven't been eating or sleeping well."
Bobo, I've been dreaming again." Molly threw herself into Lucille's arms with a wronged tone, and her voice was slightly choked with sobs. "I dreamt that they left me behind, that they didn't want me... Lucille knew that Molly was referring to her birth parents.
Back then, Molly's biological parents lett her behind and made her go to Life and Death Street at such a young age
"I wanted to ask them why, but the light was too bright. I couldn't see their faces clearly, and I can't remember what they looked like, either... All I could feel was that they didn't like me. They hated me." Molly sobbed and suppressed her cries.
Lucille parted the girl's back and asked softly, "Molly, do you want to find them?"
His voice was very soft, but it was firm.
Molly sniffed and murmured, "You won't leave me behind, will you, Bobo?" Lucille replied, "Never."
Back on Life and Death Street, she and Molly depended on each other for su
survival. Without each other, they would not have made it to where they were right then.
To her, Molly was her family. She was a sister to her.
Melly was very easy to coax. She wiped her tears and stopped crying immediately.
Lucille helplessly said, "do to bed. Also, I'm going to leave for a while. Come up with an excuse for me. Don't expose me,
""Leave it to me!
Molly straightened her back and nodded seriously. She was good at that. How could she make a mistake?
Lucille rubbed Molly's head and said nothing more
understand?
She turned around and jumped down from the second floor with her backpack. Her slender figure quickly disappeared into the night.
Lucille booked the earliest flight to Nine States City,
The moment the plane landed, it was raining heavily in the city.
Lucille hadn't brought an umbrella
She walked out of the airport with her backpack. Because of her disguise, her delicate and otherworldly appearance was covered up. She purposely disguised herself to look weak and pale. She looked so fragile that it was as if she could be blown down by a gust of wind. 2/2
There was no other choice. Only by pretending to be like this could she bear some resemblance to Amore's sister, who had been weak and sick since she She hoped that she could make it through.noveldrama
Coming Out of the Argott
Coming Out of the Airport
Lucille stood by the road in the rain.
Although it was summer, it was raining continuously. The air was humid and cold, and the temperature was low. It was extremely easy to catch a cold.
Despite the fact that there were many taxi drivers parked by the roadside, there were still many people who failed to get a taxi coming out of the airport. Lucille was one of them
She didn't want to compete with anyone, so she stood quietly by the roadside and let the drizzle solcher eyelashes.
It was four o'clock in the morning.
###Lucille looked at the time on her watch. She did not know how long she would have to wait.
At that moment, a black Maybach slowly drove over in front of her,
Lucille looked up subconsciously and saw a handsome young man sitting in the back seat. Judging from his clothes and behavior, he was obviously a rich playboy. The man smiled at Lucille and said, "I'm going to be passing through the city, young lady Do you want me to give you a ride?"
"Okay."
The city was bustling with people, so it would be a lot easier to get a taxi there. Not to mention the target of her mission was there
The car door slowly opened. Lucille got in and thanked him.
The car was spacious and the temperature was just right.
The young man who had invited her into the car handed her a towel. With a grin, he said, "Wipe yourself down, or you'll catch a cold. The towel is clean." "Thank you"
Lucille took the towel. In order to prevent the water on her body from wetting the chair, she was about to sit on it.
The man could tell what she was thinking. In a gentlemanly manner, he stated, "It doesn't matter. Don't worry about it"
Lucille nodded and looked out of the window without saying anything else.
The Maybach sped through the rain.
After leaving the airport, the neon lights of the city could be seen from afar.
Lucille observed the distant scenery and did not pay attention to the burning gaze beside her.
There was a profound look in Ethan Aiken's eyes.
He had seen all kinds of women. They all had one thing in common, which was the fact that after they found out his family background and identity, they would try their best to pursue him
Of course, as long as the girl was good-looking, he would not refuse.
The slim and weak girl in front of him was no exception.
The corners of Ethan's lips curled into a smile. Exuding as much charm as he could, he slowly leaned toward Lucille.
The next second, the tilting of his body was st
stopped by a black backpack,
Lucille wore a faint smile on her face. Her clear eyes were as bright as the stars and pure as a clear spring. However, when our looked at them carefully, cor could feel a chill emanating from them, giving off an untouchable, noble, and distant feeling. "We've arrived in the city. It's time for me to leave."
After saying that, Lucille told the driver in front of her, "Please pull over. Thank you."
The driver glanced at Ethan through the rearview mirror. After receiving the instructions, the driver did not stop. He continued to drive at a normal speed
Lucille understood.
It meant that Ethan had no intention of letting her go
Did he think she had no way out?
How neve.
Lucille remained calm and composed
To be honest, if she was so scared that she panicked and cried, Ethan would have gotten bored and let her go in
immediately.
However, the contempt in the girl's eyes, which was completely indifferent, Immediately aroused his interest,
He said, "Aren't you afraid, young lady? Don't worry, I'm not a bad person. I'll let you go if you call me baby. What do you say?" What answered him was a gust of cold wind. Grab the Impulsive Girl
The door suddenly opened
Lucille jumped out without hesitation
Did she have a death wish?
The look on Ethan's lace changed. He hurriedly reached out and tried to grab the impulsive girl, but failed. He could only shout at the driver, "Stop, stop!"
The car screeched to al
ahalt.
Ethan instantly hopped out of the car. The girl who had just jumped out of the car was standing by the roadside. There wasn't a single wound on her bosh. Her clothes were intact and not even a speck of dast could be seen on her clothes. It was simply outrageous!
Ethan was in total disbeliet.
Lucille, who was around a dozen meters away, threw her backpack over her shoulder. Without even sparing him a glance, she walked away in a carefree
manner.
By the time Ethan came to his senses and wanted to catch up, the long street was empty. That slender figure was
The rain didn't stop. Instead, it became heavier.
Lucille stood at the door of a convenience store, trying to hide from the rain under the small caves.
It was hall pest four in the morning
There should be enough time.
Lucille hadn't even brought her phone with her for the mission. Anyway, she had a miniature communication device in her ear. She could use it to directly contact the outside world. It was convenient and cover, and it was hard to notice. Lucille connected to Benjamin's signal and asked, "Which bar is Amore at? I'll get there in a few minutes."
Before she boarded the plane, Benjamin had hacked into the network to track Amore's movements at the time
He could only track Amare for a moment, though
By the time she got off the plane, a few hours had passed. Benjamin replied, "Lucille, Amore has just left the bar. Your plan is in vain.
Initially, Lucille's plan was to put on a show in front of Amore.
That was why she deliberately disguised herself and even got wet in the rain in order to make herself look pale and weak. That way, she would look very
simdir to Amore's lost sister.
She refused to believe that he would be totally indifferent toward her.
However, she was one step too late Amore had already left the bar!noveldrama
Lucille walked out of the shelter and told Benjamin, "Go and find out which road he will pass by and report his license plate number to me right now. Hurry up!"
Why would her plan be in vain? As long as she didn't hit a dead end and didn't admit defeat, everything was possible!
She just had to use a different method.
If this plan failed, then she would go for the next one. If that one didn't work, then on to the next.
Lucille would never give up so easily.
###Benjamin responded affirmatively and immediately began to investigate.
Soon, he replied, "Lucille, Amore's car is on Spring Rain Road. If I'm not mistaken, he will be passing through Parasol Road. The last numbers on the License plate are 7766." Lucille cut off the communication and ran recklessly toward Parasol Road.
On the plane, she studied the map of Nine States Ciry using her excellent memory. It had ended up being useful.
Lucille climbed a high slope and took three shortcuts. Finally, she arrived at Parasol Road.
The road was well-known for its lush parasol trees on both sides. Under the street lamps, the long road was empty, and there were no pedestrians in sight.
Lucille waited patiently for a few minutes, but there was still no car.
Had Benjamin miscalculated Amore's route, or had Amore already passed through the road before she even got there?
Lucille remained calm and patient.
At that moment, she saw the lights of a car reflected in the distance.
Lucille turned her head and saw that the trailing numbers of the car plate were 7766. He had finally come!
Tum on the Heater
The corners of Lucille's lips curled into a smile
It was here to shine
The rain was getting heavier.
In the luxury car, the driver asked, "Mr. Lindsay, do you need me to nim on the heater?
"No need.
A deep voice was heard. It sounded mitterent, rigid, and inhuman.
The driver replied affirmatively and then focused on driving
The windshield wipers were already on the highest setting, but there was still endless rain pelting down on it, hindering his sight.
In a flash, the driver sew someone rushing out from the roadside. He was shocked in order to avoid the pedestrian, he unmediately braked, but there was abang. The driver had hit something. Due to the inertia, Amere Lindsay, who was sitting in the back seat, jerked forward and frowned imhappily. His tace, which was dready hard and emotionless, showed a little dissatisfaction "What happened?
1. Lindsay, 1-1 hit someone!" The driver parked the car. After the initialnoveldrama
al panic, the driver calmed down and respectfully stated, "Please remain seated.
I'll go down and have a look."
The driver took off his seat belt and was about to get out of the car when he heard a bang behind him.
Amore got out of the car himself
It was raining heerly.
###A slender figure was lying in front of the c
The girl was soaked all over, and there was faint blood oozing out of her head. However, it was quickly washed away by the rain.
How troublesome.
Amore stepped forward and squatted down to check the girl's breathing
Her long hair was parted, revealing a face that was so pale that it was practically white.
Her eyebrows seemed like a gorgeous painting, and her eyes were shut. Her long eyelashes were covered with water droplets. Her pale lips made her look
fragile porcelain doll.
Amore was stunned.
The girl in front of him bore a great resemblance to his long-lost sister
He held his breath and immediately picked up the girl, then bent down and got into the back seat. Ignoring the way he was soaked in the rain, he shouted at the dumbfounded driver, "What are you waiting for? Hurry up and drive!" Yes, of course
It was only then that the driver snapped back to reality. He immediately drove the car as fast as he could towards the Lindsay family's manor.
All the servants in the manor knew that Amore had always avoided women like the plague. That night, however, he unexpectedly brought back an injured girl and arranged for the best doctor to treat her.
Lucille had been unconscious for two whole days.
The moment she opened her eyes, she felt dizzy
Lucille resisted the discomfort in her body and studied the layout of the bedroom she was in Good. It wasn't a room that she was tamiliar with. Even the decorations inside were different from that of Shein City. If her guess was right, her scheme against him must have succeeded.
How could she fail? She was a person who could jump out of the car without batting an eye. In order to make the effect realistic, she had actually gotten hit by Amore's cer
While she was thinking about it, the bedroom door opened.
A servant who came in saw that she had
her
eyes open and immediately ran out. She could even hear the servant's voice from afar...
Mr. Lindsay, the young
young lady is awake!
Soon, a
a series of footsteps was heard.
Lucille closed her eyes again until the owner of the footsteps came to front of her.noveldrama
side. She pretended to be dazed as she opened her eyes to look at the person in
She saw the man looking down at her. His eyebrows were sharp and his eyes were as cold as stars in the night. His thin lips were tightly pursed, and they were stretched into a line. His aure was completely unapproachable, making him cold and ruthless. While Lucille was observing Amore, be was also sizing her up.
The girl's eyes were clear, like a newborn deer. They looked ignorant and pere, so clean that there was no trace of impurities.
After observing each other for awhile, Amore asked in a deep voice, "Who are you?"
Confused
Lucille added, "Who are you? Who am I
Her words confused more and the servants who followed him in
Lucille knitted her beautiful brows as it she was trying hard to recall, but she couldn't remember anything. Instead, it caused the wound on her bead to hurt. Her face tuned pale from the pain and tears started to flow down her face. Amore ordered, "Go and get the docter."
Soon, a doctor carrying a first-aid kit came over. He gave Lucille a thorough examination and finally came to a conchision. He reported to Amore, wha was emanating a cold ama.
"Mr. Lindsay, this little girl must have lost her memory because of the heavy impact
Beld. It can happen after a serious injury."
Amore asked. "Will she be able to regain her memory in the future?"
1on her bed. This land of situation is quite common in the medical
"It's hard to say. It differs from person to persen. Some may regain their memory, and some may not remember it for the rest of their lives," the doctor responded honestly. "All right, I understand. All of you can leave."
Amore waved his hand, and the doctor and the other servants all lett.
In the large bedroom, only Amore and Lucille were staring at each other.
He examined her with his gaze, observing her warily.
###Lucille's eyes were full of innocence and anxiety.
She lifted the blanket and got up, holding the freshly placed gauze on her head. She nodded slightly at Amore and said in a hoarse voice, "This probably isn't my house. I'm sorry to disturb you. I'll go now, She wanted to act like a harmless little girl who had lost her memory.
ory. However, Lucille did not know what kind of person A
Anyway, it was impossible to make Amore believe that she was really his sister, so she could only rely on her acting skills.
Lucille was willing to bet that before she got to the door, Ansore would definitely stopher.
One.
Two.
Three.
Amore's lost sister was
the man sto
stood behind her like a statue.
Lucille counted silently in her heart, but even when she had already walked to the door and grabbed the handle, t He did not respond at all.
It was a slap in the face. She decided to act like she hadn't expected anything
Lucile stepped out of the room.
At that moment, Amore's calm voice was heard from behind "Ask your family to come pick you up."
He knew that she had lost her memory, but he still mentioned her family.
How could he lay such an obvious trap?
It was time for her to put on an act again.
Lucille lowered her eyes and revealed a bitter, self-mocking smile. "I can handle myself."
She took a few more steps forward, but the dizziness was overwhelming. The girl swayed and could no longer hold on. She fell straight to the ground. Before she could hit the surface, a pair of hands caught her in time
The white bandage on the girl's head was dyed red again, and blood oozed out. Her face was as pale as paper, like a porcelain doll that
Amore frowned and shouted, "Get the doctor to come back!
would break at any
"Yes!"
The servant answered in a hurry.
Thus, the doctor who had yet t to leave rushed back. Alter dealing with the wound on Lucille's forehead, the doctor once again warned, "Mr. Lindsay, this young lady's injury is quite serious. She has to take good care of herself for the time being. Otherwise, she will suffer side effects."
Amore asked, "How serious are you talking about?"
The doctor answered, "Fortunately, the driver reacted in time. He turned the steering wheel and braked, Otherwise, this lady would have become a Vegetable or even lost her life.
To everyone's surprise, when Amore heard those words, the wariness in his eyes relaxed a little. Even his suspicion of Lucille subsided slightly.
It seemed that this was really an accident
Amare ardered his men, "Find out her identity and where she's from."
212
Finding Anythingnoveldrama
Since he wanund t? twestigate het identity and background, ti menu that he might keep her there
Lucille, who was pretending to be unconscions en the bed, howed a sigh of relief.
###The highest in command et Nuse States City's Special Altans Pane was the one who had requested for her to carry out the task. Since she was am undercover agent, bet identity had been makeup in almoe. She didn't have to worry about Amore finding anything
[sleep without are worries.
Not long after, his men came back and handed a report of their investigation to Amore.
"All the information is here, Mr. 1 indsay."
Amore took li and glanced at it. According to the report, the unconscious gll was called Emma Gallent. She was just 18 years old. She was kidnapped and separated from her tunily when she was young, Atter that, she grew up in an orphanage, where she was bullied The night he bumped into her, she had wanted to jump all the bridge and end her own life.
Amore's eyes were deep as he asked, "Is the information acemate?"
"Don't worry, Mr. Lindsay. It's definitely acemate."
"Okay."
Of course, he could trust his mom men.
However, he didn't expect that the gal named Lone Shadow would have the same lite experiences as his sister. They were both separated from tamilies at a young, dega Thinking of his sister whom he had yet to find, he wondered if she had already....
Amere closed his eyes and threw the documents into the trash can. He ordered the mail beside him, "Take good care of her. If anything happens, inform ine immediately."
The mold clutched the hem of her clothes tightly, unable to conceal her shock. However, she still replied respectfully, "Yes, Mr. Lindsay," Amore kelt
Over the next few days, he was incredibly busy. He left early and came home late
Even when the wound on Lucille's head began to heal, she had yet to see Amore again. Things couldn't go on like this.
If she couldn't infiltrate deeper, how could they locate the secret factory?
She had to think of away.
That day, Lucille was about to leave her bedroom for a walk when the maid who was in charge of taking care of her blocked her way. With an arrogant expression, she said, "Mass, you're not fully remeted yet. Stay in your room. You're not allowed to go out!! Lacille had a faint smile on her face. The maid in front of her was assigned by Amore to take care of her, but that maid seemed to have a problem with her. The food she brought Lucille was either cold, too spley, or provsy.
To be honest, the reason why the wound on her bead could heal so quickly w technique when getting hit by the car. It seemed that she was seriously injured, but in fact, it was just a surface-level wound She had also been secretly treating herself. was that Lucille deliberately seized the opportunity and used the proper
Even so, the maid wanted to stop her from going out.
Lucille asked casually, "Are you putting me under house arrest? Or was it Mr. Lindsay who asked you to do this?"
"Of course not!" The mald was exasperated. The order she received was to take care of the girl in front of her, but even if that was the case, the couldn't help but feel a great sense of warkness and crisis,
Ansone, who had never been close to women, suddenly picked up an inferred girl, arranged for the best doctors to treat her, and told the maids to take good care of her.
He had never shown such consideration and care before.
The maid's eyes were filled with jealousy, but she had no choice but to telent. She viciously told Lucille, "Let me tell you, Mr. Lindsay will never like a batle girl like you! If you have nothing to do, then hurry up and get lost. Don't try to blacknall the Lindsay family!" Lucille smiled and replied calmly, "Olury"noveldrama
fr felt like the maid had swung alage ich, but it simply landed on entten. She was so angry that there was a fire blazing in her eyes,
Lucille went straight out without looking back,
The mmor was very large. It was low key yet luxurious,
Counting the Timbe
The large courtyard was full of expensive bouquets, which were pleasing to the eye. There was also a swing in the middle of the garden. Lucille sat and swayed back and forth, feeling bored.
From the perspective of others, she seemed leisurely and related.
However, only Lucille herself knew that she was counting the time.
Five whole days had passed since she came to Nine States City.
During those five days, she had made no progress aside from sneaking into the Lindsay Family's manor.
If Amore didn't come looking for her, then she would have to make the first move
Lucille's gaze swept across the main entrance unintentionally.
###Indeed, it was on purpose
She was deliberately waiting for Li Jun to come back.
Despite that, this time, she was really unlucky.
Lucille sat on the swing for an entire two hours, but Amore didn't show up. Instead, the maid who had been taking care of her showed up beside her in an accogant manner and sneered coldly.
"I knew that you had bad intentions! You must be waiting for Mr. Lindsay here on purpose. Let me tell you something. Mr. Lindsay has a social engagement tonight, and it's hard to say when he'll be back. Just give up! Also, since you've recovered from your injuries and can walk, you should have some self-awareness and get our of the Lindsay family!"
Lucille leaned against the rope of the swing. She seemed to have fallen asleep under the sun and completely ignored the maid's words,
The more the maid thought about it, the angrier she became. She rushed forward and wanted to take action
Lucille opened her eyes. She was about to dodge when she caught a glimpse of a tall figure standing behind a cluster of flowers.
The opportunity had come
Lucille did not dodge and was pushed to the ground by the -tempered maid.
The ground was covered in grass. It didn't hurt, but it pricked her skin
"You b*tch You want to seduce Mr. Lindsay? Let me tell you. Mr. Lindsay is mine!" The maid looked down at Lucille's pale and beautiful face. While there was no one around, she took the chance to pick up a sharp stone and wanted to scratch Lucille's face. Lucille could only attempt to retreat in panic and helplessness.
At that moment, the maid's hand was stopped in mid-air.
Nobody knew when Amore had appeared behind her. His expression was a little sour, but more than that, it was filled with coldness and hostility. "Get rid of her."
That was all he said. Before the maid could recover from her shock and admiration, a subordinate behind them dragged her away.
"Mr. Lindsay! Mr. Lindsay!"
The maid was finally scared. She knew better than anyone that Amore was a cold-blooded person who never went back on his word
When she was dragged away by his subordinate, the maid flailed around with all her might. She struggled and cried, "Mr. Lindsay, I know I was wrong. Please spare me! Please spare me for the sake of my efforts all these years!" The subordinate directly covered the maid's mouth.
Everyone in the manor knew that Amore hated those who disobeyed his orders.
Since she had done something wrong, she had to be aware of the consequences.
Soon, the maid was taken away.
Sitting on the lawn, Lucille was in a daze,noveldrama
Finally, Amore reached out his hand in front of her, she blinked and said, "I-I should go home. Thank you for letting me stay here for the past few days, sir. My injuries have healed, and I don't mean to blackmail you, either. Really, I promise!"
As she spoke, she raised a hand. She was afraid that Armore would be dissatisfied and get someone to drag her out.
She looked cute and delicate chat way.
A rare smile appeared on the corners of Amore's mouth. Although it was barely noticeable, the icy look on his face had softened a lot
He crouched down and looked at Lucille. "You say you should go home, but you can't remember anything. Do you even know where your home is?"
Gain More Sympathy
Lucille shook her head honestly.
"I don't know, but.." She lowered her long eyelashes, and her nose was sore as whispered, "I vaguely remember that had a brother who loved me very much. He bought me everything I wanted and treated me very well. I don't know if it's a dream or not. If it's true, he must be really worried about me right now."
At that moment, she had to shed a few tears to gain some sympathy.
Lucille couldn't cry, so she quietly pinched her thigh.
It hurt.
It really hurt.
She had sacrificed too much for this mission.
Lucille raised her head, her eyes instantly turning red. I sorry for her.
Here
reves
were clouded over as if she was an abandoned, pitiful child. It was impossible not to feel
In the face of that pair of eyes, Amore had no choice but to be soft-hearted
Moreover, her situation was almost the same as his sister's
Amore slowly uttered, "It's okay if you don't remember. I'm telling you, your name is Enuma Gilbert. You grew up in an orphanage because you were separated from your family."
"Emma Gubert?" Lucille mured her na
er name. "Separated from my family..."
On the surface, she was holding back her emocions, but in her heart, she felt nothing. She just wanted to curse Benjamin and the head of Nine States City out. This false identity of hers sounded way too silly.
Not to mention, wasn't her name too suspicious? She was worried that Amore would find out that she was Lone Shadow.
Lucile smiffed and sobbed at the right timing.
###At that moment, Amore once again reached his hand out to her and said, "I don't know if you have an elder brother, but from today on, you can treat me as your elder brother.
Really?
Things were progressing at the speed of lightnoveldrama
Lucie's eyes lit up and she was pleasantly surprised
Amore nodded. "Really."
Lucille beamed when she received an affirmative reply.
Her clear eyes curved into crescent moons. Because she was happy, her pale face had regained some color. Her lips were r shining brightly. Her smile was dazzling
red and her teeth were white,
"She will b
be my
She put her hand in Amore's. With his help, she stood up from the ground.
After returning to the villa, Amore ordered a few maids to take care of Lucille. At the same time, he said to all the servants and his men, sister from now on."
Although the servants were shocked, they immediately reacted. They bent down to Lucille and said in unison, "Welcome, Miss." Lucille could only smile like an idio Seeing her cute and adorable appearance, Amore couldn't help but grin. He ruffled her hair and said, "You haven't fully recovered yet. Go back and rest." "Okay.. Lucille obediently walked toward her room. Halfway there, she turned around and shouted at Amore, "Good night, Amore"
Her sweet and soft voice was dripping with honey.
The comes of Amore's lips curled into a smile. Even when he was dealing with official business that night, the smile on his face had never faded. The other senior executives who were having video conference with him rubbed their eyes repeatedly, wondering if the sun had risen from the west that day.
In the following week, no matter how late Li Janzhen came would say to him with a big smile, "Good night, Amore."
His iron-like psychological defenses were slowly worn down
back, he always saw a slender figure lying on the sofa waiting for him to return. Then, she
Lucille to make up all the guilt be felt toward his younger sister,
Ever since he gained a younger sister, Amore had changed a lot. It was as if he was using Lucille and bought her batch after batch of new dresses. However, everything was in white and pink.
Those were his sister's devorite colors
Lucille smiled and accepted everything readily.
After more than ten days of keeping her cover, she could now enter his study with the excuse of handing him coffee.
Also many days of observation, Lucille was practically certain that there was a secret compartment in the study. All the core secrets of the
pharmaceutical factory were probably hidden in that compartment.
What she needed to do right then was to go into the study alone, find the secret compartment, and find the information and address of the secret factory. Eyes Twitched
Time was ticking, so she had to finish the task as soon as possible
Just as Lucille was deep in thought, the sound of a car's engine was heard from downstairs
Lucille thought that Amore had returned early, so she ran downstairs to welcome him with a silly and sweet smile.
However, when she saw who it was, Lucille's eyes twitched.
How could it be that person?
It was the man who had given her a ride from the airport.
Lucille immediately turned around and went back to her room.
Unexpectedly, the man glanced at her with sharp eyes, and he called out to her in a frivolous voice.
"Don't run. I came just to see you."
The person who came was Ethan.
###He had heard that Amore had brought home a younger sister. Out of curiosity, he had come over to take a look. However, it seemed that the girl didn't like him and turned around to run away. la gift for you
You"
"Don't be afraid. Your brother and 1 are good friends. If you're his sister, then you're my sister, too. That's why I specially prepared a gift
The world was so small
Lucille felt a little helpless.
Once Ethan recognized her, it was inevitable that he would suspect her origin and why she was staying in the Lindsay family,
When the time came, Amore would also be suspicious.
If that happened, all her previous efforts would be in vain.
Despite that, she couldn't avoid it
Lucille turned around gracefully and looked at Ethan innocently. She said, "Thank you for your kindness, but I don't need it."
Ethan was just about to remark that she was pretty when he suddenly recalled something. He pointed at Lucille and exclaimed, "It's you!" Here it was
She decided to face it head-on. Either way, she had lost her memory.
Lucille blinked and innocently questioned, "Do you know me?"
The expression on Ethan's face kept changing. He had a flippant attitude at first, but right then he was seriously examining the situation. Although he was just a rich playboy, his unique family background was evident in the way his eyes became straight and sharp as his face darkened Lucille allowed him to observe her without showing a single crack in her facade.
The atmosphere in the manor was strange.
It was not until Amore came back that the silence was broken.noveldrama
"What are you doing here? Amore glanced at Ethan and was a little dissatisfied after seeing his face. He couldn't help reminding him, "Don't scare her. He was protecting her?
It seemed that Amore had no idea how fierce his sister was when she jumped out of the car.
Putting everything else aside, someone had to be incredibly skilled to be totally unscathed after jumping out of a moving car
Ethan looked at Amore and muttered in a deep voice, "I have something to talk to you about. It's very important."
Before Amore could refuse, he added, "It's about your sister."
Lucille stood rooted to the ground, at a loss as to what to do. She seemed shocked as to why someone was suddenly talking about her, but she was obodient and did not say anything Amere looked at her and said, "Go out and bask in the sun. I have something to say to Ethan
He was trying to drive her away.
Lucille was well aware of that, but she still pretended to be innocent and walked out.
Amore sat on the sofa, his eyes devoid of any tenderness. He indifferently stated, "What are you trying to say,
Ethan? Speak"
Jumped Out of the Car
Ethan immediately told him what had happened that day.
He was afraid that Amore would not be able to understand what he was saying, so he added, "I was just trying to tease her. I didn't expect her to kick open my car door. Before I could react, she jumped out of the car!"
"At the time, the car was going 50 or 60 yards an hour. Normally, a delicate girl like her would be seriously injured after jumping out, right?" "However, she didn't get hurt at all after jumping out. There wasn't en
't even a speck of dirt on her clothes! Think about how amazing she must be!!
"That's why I'm certain that this little girl doesn't have good intentions for getting close to you.
###After he was done speaking, he was full of anticipation as he waited for Amare's reaction. However, Amore's face was not as angry, disappointed, or full of suspicion like Ethan bed imagined.
All Amore asked was, "So what?"
So what?
It meant that he did not believe it!
Ethan's eyes widened and he questioned in shock, "Amore, do you not believe me?"
"I do.
Amore answered with certainty
reason for him not to believe Ethan.
They had been friends for many years, so there was no re
Ethan frowned. "Then why are you still-
"I believe in my own judgment." Amore interrupted his friend's words and looked out of the floor-length window.
There, the girl was sitting on the swing as she lacked her feet. The sun was shining, and her pale cheeks looked like peeled eggs. They were delicate and smooth, and no flaws could be found. Whenever she looked at him, her misty eyes were filled with his reflectionnoveldrama
Amore's gaze softened unknowingly.
As a man, Ethan knew what that look in his eyes meant.
Right then, an idea popped into his mind. He took a deep breath and asked, "Amore, are you interested in this girl?"
Amore retracted his gaze and raised the corner of his mouth wry lightly. He did not admit or refute it. He only said, "And if I said I was?"
Ethan was speechless.
He rubbed the space between his eyebrows. Amore was basically admitting it
As a good friend, he did not want to see Amore suffer because of a woman, so he stated very seriously, "She doesn't have good intentions. She must have ulterior motives to get close to you. You'd better find out her background so that you don't end up suffering one day"
Amore stared at him out of the corner of his eyes. "Do you think I haven't checked?"
"What did you find?"
"Her background is totally clean."
"Impossible!" Ethan retorted instinctively. "She can jump out of a moving car without being hurt at all. How could she have crashed into your car? You can't just tell me it's a coincidence. There's no way she just got lucky while jumping out of a car." "It's not impossible"
Amore wouldn't listen. Besides, he was certain that Ethan was telling the truth, but he also believed in the results of his subordinates' investigation. On top of that, he trusted his own judgment
Erhan stood up in anger and paced around the living room.
In the end, he couldn't let go of his fury. He gritted his teeth and said, "We'll know whether it was luck or skill if we test it out."
After that, he picked up a fruit knife on the table and walked to the courtyard,
Amore's eyes turned sharp. He grabbed him and coldly muttered, "What are you trying to do?"
"Don't worry. I won't hurt her. I just want to test her instincts."
When people were in danger, they would subconsciously make a defensive posture.
af Emma still didn't take any action in the face of fatal danger, then he would believe her, but only barely.
Traces of Blood
Ethan's attitude was firm.
Li fanye couldn't stand it anymore. He swing his fist over and felly threatened, "Don't you dare do something crazy like that." "You're the crazy one!"
Ethan was absolutely furious. He wiped the blood from the corner
r of his
mouth, brushed Amore's hand away, and left without turning his head.
The servants on the side did not dare to even breathe too loudly.
###In the courtyard, Lucille was sitting on a swing. She looked up and saw than coming back out. She didn't know what the two of them were talking about, but there were traces of blood on Ethan's lace. With more watching from behind, Ethan did not dare to do anything to Lucille. He only shot her a deep look before he drove away.
After that incident, Lucille had initially thought that Amore would be constantly wary of her. However, not only did he not do so, but he had even stopped avoiding her when he was dealing with confidential matters.... Could he be setting up a trap to lure Iser in?
Lucille quietly observed Amor's expression. Although she couldn't read his mind, it didn't seem like he was faking it
It was a good opportunity.
That night, Lucille contacted Benjamin
To be exact, they hadn't contacted each other at all for the past few days.
Lucille said, "I'll snesk into Amore's study to have a look tonight. Tell the people fr address of the secret factory, get them to take action immediately."
from the Special Intelligence Department to get ready. Once I find the
"Don't worry, Lucille. They've already prepared all the ammunition needed to blow the factory up. I'm more worried about you," Benjamin replied.
He frowned and continued, "Lucillo, are you sure you won't be discovered by Amore? That pharmaceutical tycoon is not a good guy. Once your identity is exposed, he will definitely kill you!"
Lucille know that better than anyone else
Although Amore treated her as his younger sister right then, the white dresses he bought for her were just to make up for the guilt he felt toward his real
Once he found out her real identity, he would all her without hesitation.
However, there was no choice.
The research being conducted in Amore's secret factory was a huge threat. It was a devastating virus. Th Therefore, the factory, along with all the equipment and research materials, had to be completely blown up Otherwise, all of mankind would be the ones suffering They could never let them succeed in their research!noveldrama
That was also the reason why she chose to take the risk of working undercover alone even though there was no commission for this task
Lucille calmed down and replied, "That's all. I'm hanging up. Wait for my message"
After cutting off her communication line with Benjamin, Lucille called Hugo and asked, "You guys have been idle for too long, haven't you? Come to Nine States City and pick me up. I'll bring you guys on a huge mission." Hugo had already been itching for actions ever since he knew that Lucille had gone on another mission. Upon hearing those words, his blo began to boil, and the battle instincts in his bones were ignited once again. He was overjoyed and said, "Okay! We finally have Lucille smiled and agreed.
blood instantly
a chance to show our skills. Take good care of yourself, Boss. I'm coming with the others!"
After the two phone calls, Lucille looked at the clock on the wall and waited patiently for night to fall. The ticked by
The hour needle finally pointed to three o'clock in the morning
Lucille Uited the blanket and got up. In order to not make any sound, she walked barefoot on the cold floor
After walking out of the room, she made her way toward unure's study,
There was a passcode lock on it. After a few days of observation, Lucille had memorized the code.
###She typed it in one by one, and with a beep, the heavy and tight door slowly opened...
Walked in
It was late at night. Aside from the bodyguards standing guard and patrolling outside the manor, almost all the people in the villa were asleepnoveldrama
It was the best opportunity.
However, it was also the easiest to expose one's identity,
Lucille pushed the door open and walked in quietly.
It was not the first time she had entered this study. She had long gotten familiar with the decorations and layout inside.
The most important thing right then was to find the secret compartment inside.
Lucille felt her way along the bookcases and tried to find some clues. However, the study room was too big. If she tried to explore it like that, she might not be able to find the secret document by sunrise. She had to think of another way. If she was Amore, where would she put the important documents?
Standing in the middle of the study, Lucille carefully observed the layout inside
After eliminating the impossible places one by one, there was only a limited area left.
Lucille's gaze finally landed on an ornament of a pegasus at the back of the desk.
The pegasus was black in color and had an ordinary shape. It was not eye-catching because it was outshined by a series of other expensive ornaments. Anyone who came in would subconsciously ignore it. If the set of omaments was a hidden mechanism...
Just as Lucille was about to walk over, a cold voice was heard from the door of the study room. The man's angry question icily crashed down on her. "What are you doing?"
Lucille froze when she heard those words.
When did Amore show up?
Why hadn't he made a sound at all?
Lucille slowly turned around.
At the door of the study, Amore's face was gloomy, and his dark eyes were full of cold light. He stared at her as if he wanted to burn a hole into her. He was surrounded by an oppressive aura. Lucille said nothing. She was ready to engage in a fight at any moment.
Amore strode in
He turned on all the lights in the study. The sudden flood of light was a little dazzling. Lucille's vision was overwhelmed. In an instant, she saw Aunore stretch his hand out to her, Lucille was on high alert and was about to defend herself when she was lifted into the air.
Huh?
Lucille was stunned for a moment. Even though she was good at reading people, she couldn't figure out what Amore was trying to do. Did she was?
###to do. Did he find out who
Just as she was still in a state of confusion, Lucille heard him say, "You still haven't fully recovered from your injuries, yet you still dare to walk barefoot on the ground?"
Then, he brought her back to her room.
From beginning to end, he did not ask her why she was in his study.
After putting her down, Amore left.
This man was really unpredictable.
Just as Lucille was lost in her thoughts, she heard a tiny sound from the tiny communication device in her ear. It meant that there was a signal trying to connect to her, which meant that someone was calling her. Lucille answered.
Soon, Benjamin's voice was h
was heard from the other end of the line. "Lucille, are you okay? Have you b
been discovered?"
It was hard to tell from what happened just now,
Lucille ribbed her forehead and replied, "I failed. Let's wait for the next chance."
"Okay," Benjamin responded.
He added, "By the way, the task has changed, Lucille. The Special Intelligence Department wants you to assassinate Amer the secret factory.
212
"When the time cornes, they will arrange for several snipers to be positioned near the manor. Pay attention to your position and don't let them hurt you." Hearing that, Lucille was stunned for a moment and asked, "Assassinate him? Why?"
Benjamin scratched his hair and replied, "Lheard the people from the Special Intelligence Department say that Amore's identity is unusual. The one holding the most power has to die for the Lindsay family's business to suffer a great blow. Otherwise, even if we blow up the secret factory this time, they just make a second one or even a third one."
Waste of Energy
The corner of Lucille's mouth twitched and she
to take over Anore's position even ill kill him."
rried "Since they know they'll keep building secret factories, They shadd know tie will be scotteine
If they didn't get to the root of the problem, it would be a waste of energy.
"Exactly. I don't know what the people in the Special Intelligence Department are thinking, " Benjasin should fils frail and sigliesd. "Of course, It's of our business anyway. Lucille, you just need to finish your task. You don't have to care about annyiling obse," Lucille responded and then cut off the communication line.
It was already dawn outside.
Hugo and the others should have arrived in Nine States City already.
Lucille made a phone call. After giving them instractions, she cut off the communication and left the room.
There was a rustling sound coming from the corridor, Although it was not loud, it aroused her suspicion,
Lucie opened the door and saw that the cold floor was covered with carpet and extended all the way downs, including the stades moimal the commer.
When the servants in charge of laying the carpet saw Lucille walk out, they immediately bowed and said, "I'm sorry, Miss. Did we disturb you?noveldrama
Lucille frowned and asked, "Did Amore- my brother ask!
Is you to do this?"
"Yes," the servant replied. "Mr. Lindsay said that you wouldn't catch a cold even if you walk barefoot in the future."
Lucille was silent for a moment before she said, "Stop laving the carpet. Just let it be,"
She definitely couldn't stay there for long. Her pure and harmless disguise would be taken off sooner or later.
###It was not worth laying a carpet at all.
Lucille steeled herself and returned to her room to catch up on her sleep.
She had to ensure that she had enough energy to succeed that night.
On her 19thday undercover
That night, the lonely stars twinkled.
Lucille nammaged through her wardrobe which was full of white and pink and finally put
at on her only red dress.
When she entered the study in that dress, Amore's eyes had a hint of surprise. However, he then frowned and asked, "Why did you choose this color?"
Her skin was as white as snow, and her long hair cascaded down like a waterfall. Her waist was slender and graceful
Even so, her face was obedient and sweet, and her watery eyes were clean and pure, which did not soit the charming red of her dress at all. On the contrary, she looked a little childish Lucille ignored Amore's words
Anyway, he didn't care about her snelding into his study last night, which meant that she could repeatedly test his limits.
Naturally, it was the last test she was going to conduct
Lucille walked in with a cup of coffee in her hand. In a gentle voice, she said, "
1. "Here's your coller, Albore.."
The moment she placed the cup down, her hand shook and the coffee spilled all over the table. Some of it even splashed on Ainore,
"A" I'm so sorry, Amore I didn't do it on purpose"
Lucille was flustered and apologized repeatedly.
helplessly. "It's clay. I'll j go get changed."
After that, he strode out of the study
The apologetic expression on Lucille's face disappeared in an instant. Before the servants came in to clean the room, she walked inside and turned black pegasus omament A secret compartment was indeed opened.
Lucille picked up the documents and flipped through them. She scanned them in all directions and committed all of the key points to heart.
The address of the secret factory was contained within them
After Locille finished reading the documents, she put them back and quieldy closed the secret compartment.
When the servants came in, they saw her admiring a series of ornaments on the table, and nothing unusual happened.noveldrama
Lucille seemed to be scratching her ear nonchalantly, but in fact, she was contacting Benjamin
She was letting him know that he could take action
Reply
Lucille lowered her voice and reported the location of the secret factory
Soon, she received a reply from the other end.
###He had got it.
Lucille looked down. It was time for her to leave.
Soon, Amore, who had changed into a new set of clothes, returned. Seeing Lucille's downcast eyes, he thought that she was blaming herself for spilling
Just as Amore was about to comfort her, a servant outside rushed in and reported, "Mr. Lindsay, Mr. Ethan is here. He's at the entrance of the villa, shooting that he wants to see you." Why had he come at this time?
Amore frowned. He had known Ethan for many years and was aware that he would not come here for no reason, so he went out in person to have a look. "I'm coming, too!"
Lucille took a step forward, her eyes gleaming
Amore did not refuse and replied, "Okay,"
The two went downstairs one after the other
In the courtyard, the lamps were lit, and the clean and spacious cobblestone path extended out of the manor.
The wind that night was a little strong, and the surrounding grass swayed. There was the strong fragrance of flowers in the air. On the lawn, the beautiful swing swayed with the wind, making a slight creating sound Ethan was stucic outside the main entrance. It wasn't until Amore showed up that he was allowed to enter
The first thing he said after he came in was, "I checked all the information about the flights that night, but there wasn't anyone called Emma Gilbert Amore, aren't you curious about your sister's background?"
For example, why did she appear at the airport? Why did she crash into your car? Why didn't you find anything when it came to her background? Why is
esa similar to your missing sister?
He asked three questions in a row, each word sharp and piercing
The sound of the wind around them seemed to grew louder
Amor's face was sour. The corners of his mouth tightened into a straight line, and there was a hint of coldness in his dark and deep eyes. However, because Ethan's questions were reasonable, he remained silent and did not refute him
Erian approached Lucille Staring into her eyes, he asked, "Who the hell are you? What's your purpose for speaking into the Lindsay family's house? Erhan had thought that she would insist on refusing to admit it and continue acting. Little did he expect The girl in front of him raised her head and chuckled.
At that moment, her momentum suddenly changed dramatically. That innocent, sweet, and lovely look of hers disappearednoveldrama
Instead, she gained an aura of natural superiority. She looked wicked and arrogant, calm and unhurried. The breeze lifted the comers of her skirt. Her red
tens was inchanting, beautiful, and alluring
Ethan was dazed for a mument. Then, he sneered "Dropped the act, have you?s
"Yeah, I'll stop actin
Jed and said, "I've been pretending for so long. To be honest, I'm very tired."
Amore a inually calm expression finally changed.
He looked at Lucille, his eyes filled with momentary shock and absent-mindedness, His gaze was mostly colored with anger and coldness after hearing It turned r
their interactions over the past few days were all fake.
It turned out that everything she had done to approach him was a meticulously crafted
Amore suppressed the fury in his heart and icily asked, "Why did you deliberately approach me?"
Luriteogenly revealed, "The Lindsay family has businesses all over the land, and the ones with the most profit are those manufacturing drugs. My goal is to find out the serer factory that the Lindsay family keeps deeply hidden" Amore and Ethan were both smart people. It was impossible for them not to understand what she meant,
All of a sudden, their faces darkened.
That business had always been the Lindsey family's lifeline.
That meant she had approached them with the purpose of destroying that secret factory.
###A was about to send someone to protect the factory, but Lucille shook her head and said, "It's too late."
Benjamin's once was heard from the communication device. He said, "The explosives have been laid out. They're going to blow up immediately. Lucille, the snipers nearby are in position. You'd better hurry up and retreat!" Lucille did not move. She estimated the time and looked in one direction
Bannoveldrama
The way
00. 0000 0000 1
nister eyes that were blaringg with
wwe, he almost wont chaly with avidly. He burbelly shouted into the
vil of Minne. The songs will a videotally bari yond
the singers"
now what I wille was trying to do, so he could only comes to the another position, but tenwinbei not te av videntally buat Lone shalow!!
adjusted their positions, Lucille would trionally or unintentiaitally walk in that direction,
kumana, do you know what kind of research is being conducted in your destroyed sectet factory?
? cenimsal. "There's a prison gas that is about to be successbilly developed in the secret factory, ther it's
ating blow to the engine huuman race!
costision in his eyes. "What did you say?
nove, the head of the Linha taniy, kw nothing about it.
expression soutal even further.
his uncle had asked him to sign a top sex net document, saying that he wanted to build a secret factory for research. He dis't think Lictory and let his wel take charge of it.
However, someone was telling him that this tactory was used to research poison gas
Amore stoera! "Doven think I'll still believe you now,
Considering that she was a woman who played with him in the palm of her hand and used him like a tool, it was obviously an excuse.
Of course, he believed in his uncle whom he had respected for many yours compared to an outsider.
Ansorgave the ander. "Catch heil"
###Devas of his meti happed at 1 sscille as he had instrcial
Benjamin, who was watching, it happen through the mitos, was so worked up that his voice was almost house. "Lucille, get out at the way Harry up What it she was caught by Amare!
Bensoum vas bo nching with anstety, but Lucille still stood where she was.
Obviously, as long as she menda few steps to the side and made some space, the sniper hiding in the darkness would instantly kill Amore.
It that happened, no one would be able to stop hen
bven so, she did not move at all
fast as the men were about to pilot i inle, doces of black shoes leed off the wall and swiftly kass, ked them down. Then, they neatly stood Darkup had arrived.
Hug led the group of men and said respectfully, "Sorry for being late, Boss!"
212
Just in Time
"You're not late"
Lucille glanced at Hugo and the others and said, "You're just in time."noveldrama
Seeing that, Amore's expression tumed even colder.
This was his territory.
Without his permission, a large number of subordinates and well-trained bodyguards rushed into the manor
Lucille had been there for a long time, so she knew that Amore's men weren't a match for hers. She had a huge number of people under her command. In an instant, the wide courtyard was filled up one person after another. Was she panicked?
Not at all.
She couldn't guarantee anything else, but she was quite confident in her subordinates.
Whether it was Hugo, James, who didn't seem to be very serious, or Warren, who had put on some weight after eating a lot recently, they were all experienced people who had managed to survive where everyone else was killed. It was not an exaggeration to say that they could take on hundreds people alone
Lucille's eyes were calm. Initially, she had wanted to negotiate with Amore. The reason why she blocked the sniper's aim was that she figured that if they killed Amore, there would be someone to take his position
What's more, Amore didn't actually knew the truth about the secret factory.
If he could investigate it and find out the pros and cons of the research, he would probably to it and have it stopped immediately.
Then, they would be able to get to the root of the problem.
However, it seemed that he didn't trust her at all right then, which was inevitable.
Hugo and James immediately stepped forward to protect Lucille in the middle.
Nobody knew who was the first to start a fight. In short, a battle broke out
Sand and stones Dew everywhere, and all kinds of cries of pain could be heard.
Amore was superior in numbers. No matter how many of his men fell, there was another batch waiting to replace them. It was like a ne
a never ending frest. It had been a long time since Hugo, James, and the rest had fought with anyone. Although they were happy in Tech Connex Pavilion, they lacked some passion
At that moment, they finally had a chance to use their fists and legs. All of them screamed as if they had been injected with adrenaline. They were so excited that their brains were overloading. The more they fought, the fiercer they became!
They were like emotionless robots. Wherever they went, screams could be heard, and a large number of subordinates were defeated at their hands, Seeing that, Ethan's eyes narrowed dangerously.
He could finally see that the dozen or so highly skilled subordinates were all moving under Lucille's orders. If he could capture her, no one else would dare to move again!
Thus, he had to capture their leader
Ethan moved to attack Lucille.
###Since he couldn't get a proper grip on her, he did not try to kill her at first. Even though he made a sinister move, It would not hurt her too much However, the reason why Lucille stood still in this position was that two sniper rifles were aimed at Amore. If she moved, Amore
would be completely exposed to the sniper.
Lucille didn't dodge. She raised her hand to grab Ethan's and murmured, "I'm not interested in fighting with you."
"Really? I would like to have a try, though."
A mischievous smile formed on Ethan's face. He no longer held anything back and attacked Lucille with all his might, as if he had made up his m capture her
Lucille had no choice but to dodge such an attack.
Amore was instantly exposed.
Seeing that, the two snipers in the dark mumbled to each other, "Lone Shadow is in danger. Should we take action?"
"Like you said, Lone Shadow is in danger. Of course, we have to take action! Besides, our task is to kill umore,
After that, they aimed at Amore's chest and quickly pulled the trigger.
Two bullets flew out at the same time.
mind to
717 showed
ing that when lot ja hadde the then dad forward and slaved Amore away.
When cual, Lithole that I die leul genaples Held with Idea berape she wanted to assassinate Amore. His face changed and he combingslyd med at the way, Pilian grading for cased her to be a step too late,
The Hills and b the galbenal los
Jeg digging uulsbod
macy, but she was beat the palled for. Thrond bullet instantly grazed her left arm, which
Amore, who had been pushed away, was similarly alimbstruck. Atrace of shock and disbelief flashed across the man's cold eyes.
When Higo, lames, and the others saw that Lucille was injured, their eyes turned red with killing intent. They heat up the bodyguards, who were blocking their was, and unmediately nished to Lucille "Bows, are vot okay" is it a series injury?
Hi, James, and the ethers gathered around and begam questioning her
Lucille shook her head. "It's time. It's just a surface wound"
With sex n accident, the snipers in the distance no longer dated to shoot freelynoveldrama
Huge immediately tore ott halt of his sleeve to stop Lucille's bleeding
###telle did not stop him.
She stood up and looked at Ahore, saying, "Not only are there hidden snipers, but the people from the Special Intelligence Department are on the way with their men. You still have a chance to lowe Atter that, Lucille and her men prepared to go.
Amore suddenly asked, "Why did you save the, Emma?
She had obviously tricked him. Why did she save him?
The gates of the mmar were tightly shut. Lucille leaped up and stood firmly on top of the tall wall.
She turned around and locked down at Amore. She did not answer his question directly and only corrected him, saying, "Let's get to know each other again, I'm not Emma"
My name is... Lone Shadow."
With that, Lucille's lips curled into a grin and she led Hugo and the rest to climb over the wall.
Ethan's jaw dropped and his eyes nearly popped out of their sockets. He marmured in disbelief, "Lone Shadow? So she's Lone Shadow? The legendary mercenary, Lone Shadow?"
Amore looked at the tall courtyard wall, his mind occupied by what had just happened.
After removing her disguise, she stood on the rall wall, looking radiant and alluring. The bright moon in the night sky became her background. The hazy moonlight rained down on her shoulders. Her face was ethereal and impossible to forget
It took a long time for more to recover. He looked at the ground. The drops of blood had not dried up yet, which proved that what happened earlier was real
The girl who had deceived him and fooled him had actually taken a shot for him.
Just as Erhan was about to speak, a few lights shone in their direction
It was all people from the Special Intelligence Department.
From the looks of it, they were all there to capture him.
No. You have to leave as soon as possible!"
Amore stared intetusely at the empty swing in the courtyard and then ordered in a deep voice, "Retreat"noveldrama
Soon, several helicopters took off from behind the manor.
On the plane, Amore said with a poker face, "Ask everyone who's left behind to investigate the secret factory. We must investigate in detail. Don't leave a single thing unchecked." "Yes!"
The subordinate beside him immediately responded.
Meanwhile.
###the others to buy tickets and said, Let's go back overnight"
Lucille, who had successfully escaped, was once again dealing with the wound on her left arm. After disinfecting it, she wrapped it up in clean bandages. Since the mission had been completed, Lucille did not want to stay in Nine States City. Thus, she ordered Hugo and Just as everyone was about to agree, Lucille beard Benjamin's voice from the tiny communication device in her ear. Then, she corrected herself. Nevermind, we don't have to buy any tickets. There'll be a private jet to take us back." 272
Hugo and the others nodded.
The private jet was prepared by the Special Intelligence Department.
Lucille had gotten injured twice because of this mission. Even though she was the one who caused those injuries, the point was that she wasn't receiving a single cent in commission for the mission.
Even if the people in the Special Intelligence Bureau were just doing it to appease her and establish a long-term working relationship with her, they were still responsible for sending her home.
After getting on the private jet, Lucille had just sat down to take a sip of hot water when she heard Benjamin huffing into the communication device. Benjamin did it over and over again, constantly reminding her of his presence. Lucille replied, "Who pissed you off? Why are you panting like a dog?"
Take Revenge
Hearing this, Benjamin gritted his teeth in anger.noveldrama
"You still have the nerve to say that? I was yelling myself hoarse telling you to get out of the way. Meanwhile, you knew that the sniper already fired, but you still took the shot, Are you stupid?"
Benjamin was still angry after scolding her. He continued nagging, "Lucille, why did you try so hard to save Amore? Aren't you afraid that he will tale revenge on you in the future? Have you gotten attached to him after being undercover for a few weeks?" Lucille was speechless.
How outrageous.
She rolled her eyes in annoyance. Even though she knew that Benjamin was only angry because he cared about her, he was taking things at surface value. Take the Lindsay family for example. Even if she killed Amore, his successor might not be any better. On the contrary, it was possible to solve the problem from the root by leaving Amore alive
Lucille yawned. She really didn't have the strength to explain it all to Benjamin, so she replied, "I'm going to rest. Bye"
Before he could react, Lucille cut off the connection.
Benjamin was so furious that he gnashed his teeth, but there was nothing he could do.
A few hours later, the plane landed at the airport.
Lucille opened her eyes and slowly got off the plane.
Hugo and the others suggested, "Boss, shall we send you
"No need"
Tech Connex Pavilion being shut down for a whole day was enough for her to feel distressed. There was no commission for this task, and she had also paid for the plane ticket for Hugo and the others to fly to Nine States City. Sigh...
Lucille walked out of the airport. She asked Hugo and others to go back to Tech Connex Pavilion and take care of everything while she took a taxi straight to the Jules Residence.
###Twenty minutes later, the taxi stopped.
Lucille had already removed the disguise on her face and got out of the car after paying the fare.
When she was heading off for the task, she had thought of getting a souvenir. However, she ended up returning empty-handed.noveldrama
Lucille shook her head. She was about to press the doorbell at the entrance of the Jules Residence when she caught a glimpse of a tall figure standing in the middle of the courtyard. His shadow was stretched into the distance. It was Joseph.
Lucille could not see the expression on Joseph's face because of how dark it was. She looked up and met his familiar eyes.
In an instant, memories flooded into her mind
Lucille didn't know what she was feeling guilty about. She immediately looked away and opened the big iron gate of the villa with her fingerprint. Ther she passed by Joseph and quickly stepped into the villa.
She didn't greet him when she left, nor did she greet him when she came back.
It was as if a cold war had broken out between them.
Even so,
she didn't know what she was angry about. It was true that their relationship was only contractual. The fact that he was investigating her, had his guard up against her, and didn't trust her was only natural.. Lucille returned to her room and shut the door tightly.
It was not until then that she touched her wildly beating heart and forced herself to suppress that strange feeling
Lucille took a deep breath. She got a set of clean clothes and went to the bathroom to take a shower.
When she came out of the bathroom, Lucille heard someone knocking on her door twice. She heard Molly's sneaky voice from outside. "You're back, Bobo
Lucille walked over and opened the door.
###It just so happened that she still had something to ask Molly.
Molly obediently walked in and closed the door. She then surrounded Lucille and kept buzzing in her ear like a bee: "Did you get hurt, Bobo? Did the mission go well? You were gone for a long time."noveldrama
Lucille dried her hair and answered, "This mission was a little complicated. It did end up dragging out a bit. By the way, how did you make up an excuse
212
for ine? Are you sure they don't suspect anything?"
Obriusly, she was talking about Joseph. In addition, there was also Voshua, who would go to the Jules Residence from time to time, as well as Ma Dahlia
She had left for more than half a month without even saying goodbye. If Molly didn't come up with a proper excuse, they would inevitably overthink it. Molly putted up her small chest and made a solemn vow, With a proud face, she stated, "Who do you think I am? I'm someone who can lie without blinking. Of course, they believed mel
What did you say, then? Lucille had a bad feeling
The next second, Molly happily told her, "I said that you had an argument with Mr. Joseph, so you left him and went away on your own to cool down!"
Terrifying Aura
Lucille didn't know what to say,
What a incredible excuse.
No wonder what she met Joseph downstairs, he had a terrifying aura that was unbearably cold.
Lucille rubbed her forehead, her face full of helplessness
That meant everyone, including Yoshua and Madan Bahlia, thought that she had quarreled with Joseph and left in anger. Was she supposed to take the initiative to speak to Joseph, showing that she had calmed down, and end the cold war? Lucille sighed and lay on the bed, pretending to be dead.
She gave up. She was exhausted.
Molly blinked her eyes and innocently asked, "Was it a bad excuse, Bobo?"
"It was a good one. You're the smartest, Molly."
She rubbed Molly's head to comfort her.
Molly caught a glimpse of the bandage on her hand and exclaimed, "Bobo, you're injured!"
"Yeah. It's just a surface wound. It's okay."
"No, there's blood coming out!" Molly was so anxious that she almost cried. She stamped her feet and got up, saying, "I'm going to get you a first-aid kir, Walt for THE", Bobo!"
Only then did Lucille turn her head to look at her left arm. She had forgotten about it when she was taking a shower. The wound that she had managed to heal with much difficulty was open again.
She didn't notice it earlier, but now that she did, it began to hurt a little.
Molly opened the door and walked downstairs.
However, everything in the house was organized by Madam Dahlia. She didn't know where the first aid kit was, so she was so anxious that she paced around in the big living room. She kept muttering, "Where are you, first-aid kit? Come out. When Joseph had walked in with a chill all over his body, he heard Molly mumbling to herself.
His mind stirred to action and he immediately aslood, "Why are you looking for the first-aid kit?"
Bobo is injured. She's bleeding a lot. There's a lot of blood!"
As Molly spoke, she opened the drawer. This time, she got lucky. The first-aid kit was inside.
###Her eyes lit up. Just as she was about to pick it up, a pair of big hands with clear joints stretched past her and snatched it away.
Molly looked up in shock. "Why did you take it? Give it back to me!!!
Joseph's voice did not change in the slightest, but it did not allow any room for argument. "I'll treat her wound myself."
After that, he went upstairs with the first aid kit.
Molly stood there and thought about it. Her hands felt so useless. All she knew was how to carry things and beat people up. It seemed that she really did not know how to treat wounds. Fine, then. She would let him do it.
Molly rolled her eyes and turned to the kitchen.
She had heard from Madam Dahlia that injured people needed to eat nutritious food to recover.
In that case, she would go to the kitchen and bake-no, boil some
soup.
In the bedroom..
The light gave the room a sprinkle of warmth
Lucille lay on the bed. She was so sleepy that she didn't want to move
When she heard footsteps at the door, Lucille lazily mumbled, "I'll leave it to you, Molly."
Ther
person behind her did not respond.noveldrama
The bandage on Lucille's left arm was removed. A cotton swab was used to gently wipe away the blood that seeped out from the edge of her wound. The person's movements were very soft and gentle,
The bedroom was so quiet that there was only the sound of the two of them breathing.
Lucille buried her face in the clean blanket. She blinked in suspicion.
What was going on? Why was Molly, who was usually talkative, not saying a word? Lucille turned her head and her pupils dilated when she saw the person beside her.
You Like Me
Uuder the dim yellow light, the man's shining eyes were as deep as the sea, with a fatal temptation that could suck people in
"-J-Joseph?"
Lucille almost bit her tongue.
300
Her reaction was too big. She looked like a frightened cat, and her beautiful eyes were wide open
Joseph leaned over to get closer, and a low laugh rumbled from his throat. He said, "Bobo, I heard that when someone looks at the person they like, their pupils will dilate. Since you're looking at me like that, does that mean you like me?"! The moment he got closer, she caught a whiff of the smell of medicine
The cold and overbearing aura on Joseph's body was all around her. He surrounded her little by little in an aggressive manner
Lucille felt her heart skip a beat. She retreated and grumpily retorted, "If that's the case, then there are tons of people who like me
Joseph raised an eyebrow. "Hm?"
His response wasn't much, but there was a sense of danger in it.
Lucille simply sat up and prepared to talk to Joseph. Since they were under the same root, they should keep a distance from each other. Otherwise, what was the agreement for? Was it just for decoration? However, the moment she sat up, she felt a chill in front of her.
Lucille frowned and lowered her head subconsciously. She suddenly remembered that Molly had torn her clothes off to check her injuries.
Just now, she was lying on the bed, so none of it was visible. Now, as soon as she sat up, she was in full view.
With a buzz, Lucille's mind went blank.
She reacted and immediately pulled the blanket to cover herself.
Was it too late for her to play dead?
Lucille covered her face, but her exposed ears were so red that they looked like they were about to bleed.
Joseph's eyes darkened and his Adam's apple bobbed slightly. However, in order to prevent the embarrassed Lucille from getting angry, he pretended as
if he hadn't seen anything and took out a few more cotton swabs from the first-aid it to treat her wound
Lucille tried to struggle but was scolded by him.
"You're bleeding again, and you still dare to move?"
Lucille went silent. She stopped struggling and only hoped that he could finish treating her as soon as possible so she could escape.
With her being forced to cooperate, he applied medicine to the wound and wrapped it with bandages.
Joseph retracted his hand and poked Lucille's forehead through the blanket. He announced with an overbearing tone, "From now on, I'll apply ointment to your wound every day."
He was going to do it again?
Lucille tore off the blanket covering her face and retorted, "I have the final say when it comes to medical skills. There's no need to do that for such a minor injury."
"Oh? How did you get hurt, then?" "Joseph's gaze landed on Lucille's left arm. Indeed, the scratch wasn't that serious, but the wound stood out like a sore thumb on her fair and delicate skin. Lucille casually lied. "I accidentally fell"
Joseph didn't pry, but Lucille panicked at the sight of his deep eyes.
Previously, when she had snuck into the Lindsay family's home, it didn't matter what kind of doubts or questions she faced. She could still calmly display her acting skills.
However, in front of Joseph, the pressure was too strong and overwhelming. She even Lucille simply lowered her gaze to avoid looking him in the eye. felt guilty ab
guilty about lying, as if he could see through her with a glance.
Joseph had packed up the first-aid kid and casually questioned, "Theard from Molly that you ran away from home because you were mad at me."
She could not answer that question.
Lucille paused, just as she was about to bring it up, she heard Joseph stating, "That document in the study was an investigation from when we first met Lucille was stunned. So, was he trying to explain it to her?
Lucille looked away and decided to play dumb. "I don't understand what you're talking about."
"It doesn't matter if you don't understand. You just need to remember one thing"
Take Me With You
The next second, she heard the man's deep and seductive voice flowing into her ears word by word
"Bobo, next time you run away from home, remember to take me with you."
That was what he said
It was like a firework exploding in the dark night sky; like a seed buried in the earth suddenly sprouting; like a layer of ripples forming on a calm lake
Lucille sat on the bed for a long time before she came to her senses.
Joseph had left the room. He had taken the first-aid kit away to fulfill his promise of treating her wound every day.
Lucile rubbed her temples.
Not long after, the tightly shut door was pushed open again.
The person who came in this time was Molly. The little girl had a silly smile on her face, and she was a little proad. As she walked over, she said, "Bobo, I made you some nourishing soup!TM Was it really soup?
Lucille's eyelids twitched. Although the bowl in front of
had. Har face was totally lifeless
She desperately wanted someone to save her.
was steaming hot, the soup was so thick that she couldn't see what kind of ingredients it
Of course, Lucille didn't drink it in the end. She coaxed Molly to have a taste first
After tasting it, Molly burst into tears.
She rushed back to the kitchen downstairs with the bowl of soup in her hand. She ran straight into Madam Dahlia's arms, who had run out to see what was going on after hearing the commotion, While sebbing, she cried, "It's my fault, Madam Dahlia I'll never insult your cooking again."
Hearing this, Madam Dahlia immediately felt both frustrated and amused.
The next day.....
Lucille got up early, When Madam Dahlia saw her, she happily greeted her and said, "You're finally back, Miss Jules! Where have you been for the past half a month? Why didn't you call home? It's not safe for a girl to go out alone."
"It's okay. I'm back now, aren't 1 Lucille replied.
"Then Miss Jules, you and Mr. Joseph.. Madam Dahlia cautiously asked, "Have you reconciled?"
Lucille noticed that when Madam Dahlia asked this question, the other servants also pricked up their ears and listened quietly as if they wanted to know how things between her and Joseph were going
tbefore, Lucille's face flushed and she
e replied, "Yes, we've made up.
Recalling the way he had telon the initiative to explain things the Hearing this, Madam Dahlia immediately breathed a sigh of relief. "That's good. You don't know this, Miss Jules, but two days ago, Madam Collins heard that you had a quarrel with Mr. Joseph and ran away from home, so she came to the Jules Residence in person. She was so anxious that she almost called the police to look for you"
She added, "It wasn't just Madam Collins. Even Mr. Yoshua was on edge. He couldn't get through to you on the phone, so he was very anxious."
Hearing that, Lucille rubbed the space between her eyebrows. She had indeed spent a long time on this mission, and during this period of time, she had made it so that only Benjamin and Hugo could contact her. She had no time to be distracted by other things. Either way, she was already back, so she decided to explain things slowly.
Otherwise, she would have felt very guilty if Joseph thought he was the reason why she had left home.
"1 know, Madam Dahlia, I won't be so impulsive in the future."
The way she admitted her mistake showed her good attitude. After having a few mouthfuls of brealdast, she wiped her mouth and asked, "By the way, Madam Dahlia Where is my Yoshua staying right now?"
Some time ago, Yoshua had moved out. She heard that he bought a house somewhere else and wasn't staying at the Jules Residence anymore. She was in a burry to finish her task, so she didn't know the specific address. Madan Dahlia answered, "No. 99 Champs Road"
"okay."
Lucille drow out of the door and went straight to Yoshua's address.
far away. It only took her ten minutes to get there.
Take Me With You
She pressed the doorbell. Soon, footsteps could be heard. Unfortunately, the person who answered the door was not Yoshua.
###Take Me With You
Take Me With You
"What?"
Lucille was puzzled.
The next second, she heard the man's deep and seductive voice flowing into her ears word by word.
"Bobo, next time you run away from home, remember to take me with you."
That was what he said.
It was like a firework exploding in the dark night sky; like a seed buried in the earth suddenly sprouting; like a layer of ripples forming on a calm lake surface.
Lucille sat on the bed for a long time before she came to her senses.
Joseph had left the room. He had taken the first-aid kit away to fulfill his promise of treating her wound every day.
Lucille rubbed her temples.
Not long after, the tightly shut door was pushed open again.
The person who came in this time was Molly. The little girl had a silly smile on her face, and she was a little proud. As she walked over, she said, "Bobo, I made you some nourishing soup!" Was it really soup?
Lucille's eyelids twitched. Although the bowl in front of her was steaming hot, the soup was so thick that she couldn't see what kind of ingredients it had. Her face was totally lifeless. She desperately wanted someone to save her.
Of course, Lucille didn't drink it in the end. She coaxed Molly to have a taste first.
After tasting it, Molly burst into tears.
She rushed back to the kitchen downstairs with the bowl of soup in her hand. She ran straight into Madam Dahlia's arms, who had run out to see what was going on after hearing the commotion. While sobbing, she cried, "It's my fault, Madam Dahlia. I'll never insult your cooking again."noveldrama
Hearing this, Madam Dahlia immediately felt both frustrated and amused.
The next day...
Lucille got up early. When Madam Dahlia saw her, she happily greeted her and said, "You're finally back, Miss Jules! Where have you been for the past half a month? Why didn't you call home? It's not safe for a girl to go out alone."
"It's okay. I'm back now, aren't I?" Lucille replied.
"Then... Miss Jules, you and Mr. Joseph..." Madam Dahlia cautiously asked, "Have you reconciled?"
Lucille noticed that when Madam Dahlia asked this question, the other servants also pricked up their ears and listened quietly as if they wanted to know how things between her and Joseph were going.
Recalling the way he had taken the initiative to explain things the night before, Lucille's face flushed and she replied, "Yes, we've made up..."
Hearing this, Madam Dahlia immediately breathed a sigh of relief. "That's good. You don't know this, Miss Jules, but two days ago, Madam Collins heard that you had a quarrel with Mr. Joseph and ran away from home, so she came to the Jules Residence in person. She was so anxious that she almost called the police to look for you." She added, "It wasn't just Madam Collins. Even Mr. Yoshua was on edge. He couldn't get through to you on the phone, so he was very anxious."
Hearing that, Lucille rubbed the space between her eyebrows. She had indeed spent a long time on this mission, and during this period of time, she had made it so that only Benjamin and Hugo could contact her. She had no time to be distracted by other things.
###Either way, she was already back, so she decided to explain things slowly.
Otherwise, she would have felt very guilty if Joseph thought he was the reason why she had left home.
"I know, Madam Dahlia. I won't be so impulsive in the future."
The way she admitted her mistake showed her good attitude. After having a few mouthfuls of breakfast, she wiped her mouth and asked, "By the way, Madam Dahlia. Where is my Yoshua staying right now?"
Some time ago, Yoshua had moved out. She heard that he bought a house somewhere else and wasn't staying at the Jules Residence anymore. She was in a hurry to finish her task, so she didn't know the specific address.
-
Madam Dahlia answered, "No. 99 Champs Road."
"Okay."
Lucille drove out of the door and went straight to Yoshua's address.
It wasn't far away. It only took her ten minutes to get there.
She pressed the doorbell. Soon, footsteps could be heard.
Unfortunately, the person who answered the door was not Yoshua.
Distance and Friendlinessnoveldrama
Distance and Friendliness
The person who opened the door was a young man who was about the same age as Yoshua. He was gentle and refined, with a clean and scholarly aura. His face was soft, and there was a perfect balance of distance and friendliness in his smile. He was neither too aggressive nor too cold.
Lucille knew him.
To be exact, he existed in the original host's memory.
His name was Sinclair Quartley.
He was Yoshua's classmate and had been good friends with him for many years.
The original owner had met Sinclair a few times before.
Lucille asked, "Is Yoshua here?"
"Yes, come in." Sinclair made way with a smile. When Lucille stepped in, he said from the doorway, "Your second brother has been looking for you for several days. Last night, he couldn't sleep all night and even took me to look for you. He's finally sleeping now. I'll go and get him."
"Okay."
###Lucille nodded and said, "I'm sorry for making you guys worry." Sinclair grinned without replying.
Soon, Yoshua rushed out of the room with a bedhead when he heard the news. He pinched Lucille's face and looked at her from all angles while constantly asking, "Are you okay? Did you get bullied by anyone?" "No."
Possibly because he saw with his own eyes that she was not injured, Yoshua let out a murky breath and relaxed a little. He muttered, "That's good, that's good. I almost went to call the police..."
"I'm sorry, Yoshua. I made you worry."
Lucille's heart was filled with mixed emotions.
In the past, no matter what kind of task took, the only person she had by her side was Molly. Back then, there was no need to find an excuse to hide her whereabouts.
This was the first time that she felt a different type of care.
At least someone was truly concerned about her.
"Silly girl. Don't apologize to me." Yoshua patted Lucille's hair and said, "The next time someone does you wrong, I'll always stand up for you no matter what. Got it?" "Got it."
Lucille answered obediently.
Next to them, Sinclair maintained a gentle and refined smile, but his eyes were fixed on Lucille. There was a faint look of scrutiny in his eyes.noveldrama
Lucille noticed his gaze but did not turn around.
Yoshua, however, instantly got upset. He stood in front of Lucille and yelled at Sinclair, "Do you not have a sister of your own? Why do you keep staring at Lucille? Oh, I forgot. It's true that you don't have a younger sister." The first half was full of anger, and the second half was full of pride.
The corners of Sinclair's mouth twitch d.
Yoshua was so obsessed with his sister. He really knew how to bite the hand that fed him.
That wasn't how he acted when he dragged Sinclair along to look for her all over the city the night before. Now that he had found his sister, he turned against
Sinclair in no time.
"I'm hungry. Go buy breakfast!"
Sinclair sat down on the sofa, making tea as he gave the order.
Obviously, Yoshua wasn't going to agree. He immediately retorted, "No. Don't even think about trying to chase me away. I can't rest assured with you and my sister under the same roof."
He was being totally unreasonable.
Sinclair gracefully made tea and slowly stated, "Well, I guess I have no choice but to tell your sister what you did some time ago..."
That was his trump card.
###Yoshua quickly stepped forward and covered Sinclair's mouth. He leaned forward and scolded, "Fine, fine. I'll go buy breakfast for your right now, okay, Boss Quartley?" Sinclair raised his eyebrows and hummed with satisfaction.
Yoshua walked up to Lucille and warned her, "Stay away from that guy, Lucille. I'll go buy your favorite pastries and come back soon."
"Okay."
Lucille smiled.
Distance and Friendliness
Honestly, she just found it interesting to watch them quarrel with each other.
However...
After Yoshua went out to buy breakfast, Lucille sat down across from Sinclair and asked directly, "Do you have something to tell me? In that case, just say it." Sinclair raised his eyebrows. There was a trace of surprise in his eyes, but it was quickly suppressed. 2/2
Nat Lucille
Not Lucille
Indeed, he had deliberately sent Yoshua away using the excuse of buying breakfast.
However, he didn't expect that she could see through it.
Sinclair was even more certain of his suspicions. He got straight to the point. "You're not Lucille, are you?"
Lucille also made herself a cup of tea. Her movements were elegant and skillful as if she had been taught to do so since she was a child. Every complicated action she made was pleasing to the eye.
After taking a sip, Lucille asked, "Why do you ask?"
At that point, there was nothing to hide. Sinclair expressed his thoughts. "Yoshua and I have been good friends for more than ten years. Because of this, I have seen his sister several times. However, you gave me a totally different feeling than she did." Last time, he had warned Yoshua that the former Lucille was silent and incredibly loyal to Howard.noveldrama
Now, however, not only was she constantly getting on Howard's nerves, but she was also skilled at fighting.
Sinclair stared at Lucille's face and examined her. "Aside from the fact that you look exactly the same, I really can't see any resemblance between you and Yoshua's younger sister."
Lucille put down her teacup leisurely, looked straight into Sinclair's eyes, and said word by word...
"I am Lucille."
###"I am Lucille."
"However, I'm not this Lucille."
"Are you satisfied with this answer, Sinclair?"
Sinclair had never expected her to admit it.
He was so shocked that he didn't know what to say.
What did she mean by that?
He knew every word individually, but why couldn't he understand it when they were connected together?
"Then... Then..." It took him a long time to regain his voice. Although he already had an answer, he still asked with difficulty, "What about the former Lucille?" "She's dead."
The girl's answer was emotionless.
Sinclair choked. With a complicated expression, he questioned, "You admitted it so quickly. Aren't you afraid that I will tell Yoshua?"
Lucille shook her head and did not answer.
Soon, Yoshua came back.
He rushed into the house and threw the buns he had bought at a random roadside stall into Sinclair's arms with a look of disgust. Then he presented the pastries he had lined up to buy for Lucille like a treasure. "This is yours, Lucille!"
Could he be any more obvious about his special treatment?
Lucille raised her head and met Yoshua's expectant gaze. She replied, "Yoshua, I don't like these pastries."
Yoshua's smile faltered for a moment, but he quickly picked up the porridge in his other hand and asked in an extremely patient manner, "What about this?"
"I've already had breakfast. I just came to visit you." Lucille stood up and said slowly, "It's getting late. I have to go to school soon. I'll get going first." After that, she walked out of the door and drove away.
Sinclair's eyes fell on the box of pastries.
He finally understood Lucille's words. By saying that she didn't like those pastries, she was telling Yoshua the cruel fact that she wasn't his sister.
He turned to look at Yoshua.
That huge idiot stood by the door and watched the car drive away without catching on at all,
Sigh...
Sinclair leaned back on the sofa and called Yoshua back over. Then, he grabbed the pastries and ate it. He deliberately provoked him and said, "It seems that your sister's taste has been spoiled by Mr. Joseph. Makes sense. If I got to eat a professional chef's cooking every day, I wouldn't want to eat this, either."
"Shut up!"
Yoshua raised his hand and flung a bun at his head.
Sinclair caught it and then slowly began to eat. "Don't make a fuss. It's not good to waste food."
Lucille drove to school.
She hadn't shown up at school for such a long time. She had no idea if the school had expelled her yet.
As soon as Lucille got out of the car, there was another car in front of her.
It was none other than Samuel and Zoey,
Where Did You Go
Where Did You Go
There was something wrong with the two of them.
The parking lot was so big. Why did they have to stop right in front of her and block her way?noveldrama
Lucille was about to go around them when Zoey pushed the door open and got out of the car. She said in a worried tone, "Oh, Lucille. I haven't seen you for a long time. Where did you go?"
Lucille squinted at Zoey and said with a faint smile, "I went to save the world. Are you satisfied?"
"Look at you, always with the formalities." Zoey held Lucille's hand warmly and said with great concern, "Lucille, I heard that you ran away from home because you quarreled with Mr. Joseph. On the surface, he seems to dote on you a lot. I never thought he would be so mean to you..."
So, news of her and Joseph's fight had spread.
Lucille suddenly felt sorry for Joseph.
He hadn't done anything and was suddenly accused of being mean to her. For the most part, he was innocent.
###She brushed Zoey's hand away. Unwilling to explain to this hypocritical woman, she was about to leave.
But to her surprise, Zoey's sharp eyes saw the bandage wrapped around her left arm. Her eyes flashed slightly. Zoey suddenly reached out and pressed it while asking, "Why are you injured, Lucille? Did Mr. Joseph bully you?" The wound had just been treated that morning, and it nearly started bleeding again after the sudden pressure.
Feeling a sharp pain, Lucille flipped Zoey over.
"Get lost."
Lucille fell to the ground with a thud and her eyes instantly turn red with a look of grievance. "Lucille, I was just concerned about you." [1
There she was again. Playing the victim was her daily routine.
Lucille snorted. "No need."
Samuel immediately got out of the driver's seat and went in front of Zoey to help her up. He looked at her hand with a distressed look and said to Lucille, "I've never seen a woman like you who doesn't know what's good for you! Keep acting like this, Lucille. I don't want you, and sooner or later, Mr. Joseph won't want you either!"noveldrama
Lucille was at a loss for words.
She turned around. While staring at Samuel's face, she said with a faint smile, "You seem to have made a mistake. I'm the one who doesn't want you, not the other way around. Do you understand?"
Samuel had whined about wanting to break off the engagement for over a year while the original host was still around.
Apparently, the engagement was never canceled because the families' elders didn't agree.
In reality, however, Samuel was just using it as leverage against the original host so that he could threaten her to compromise for him again and again. She had to endure all kinds of things and suffer bullying at Zoey's hands. In the end, she was the one who tore up the marriage contract.
Therefore, she was the one who kicked that b*stard away on the original host's behalf. It wasn't because Samuel didn't want her.
Samuel choked and grumpily muttered, "There's no difference. Either way, no man would like an arrogant and rude woman like you!" Was that a personal attack?
Lucille put on a fake smile and retorted, "Is that so? I think you and Zoey are a match made in heaven, Mr. Gilbert. I hope you guys are stuck together forever so you never have the opportunity to hurt someone else." After that, Lucille turned around and was about to leave.
"Lucille!"
Right then, however, Zoey suddenly ran forward. She pointed at the extremely beautiful and luxurious sapphire necklace on her neck and spoke in a provocative tone while acting guilty.
"Lucille, this is what your mother left for you, but some time ago, Dad gave me this whole set of jewelry. Not only the necklace, but also bracelets, earrings, and rings. It's all so expensive."
Lucille gave him a half-smile. "So what?"
Kind of Stupid
Kind or Stupid
Zoey's eyes were red as she nodded.
"Okay. You're so nice to me, Samuel."
###"Silly girl, what are you talking about? You're my girlfriend. Of course, I should be nice to you." Samuel rubbed Zoey's nose and said with a smile, "I really don't know whether to call you kind or stupid for this. Since Mr. Jules said that you're not allowed to give it to Lucille, why are you still giving it to her like a dummy?" "You're laughing at me..." Zoey touched her neck, where the necklace had been snapped, and whined, "It hurts so much."noveldrama
"Let me have a look." Samuel lowered his head and saw that her fair and beautiful neck was indeed red. He was also a little angry. "That woman is really too much. Don't worry, Zoey. I will go and ask her to return the necklace." "Okay."
Zoey sniffed and looked at Samuel's back gently.
It was not until Samuel had gone far away that Zoey took a deep breath and finally showed an almost twisted expression as she gritted her teeth.
""Lucille...!"
She clenched her teeth in hatred as she muttered Lucille's name.
Samuel was right. She was really stupid to underestimate Lucille's shamelessness.
If she had known that this b*tch didn't have any common sense, she wouldn't have said such words on purpose! In the end, not only did she fail to get on Lucille's nerves, but she also lost that precious necklace. She almost shed the kind image that she had worked hard to maintain for many years in front of Samuel.
That b*tch was so despicable.
Zoey stood where she was and tightened her fists.
For the time being, she hoped that Samuel could help her get the necklace back from Lucille.
Zoey took a deep breath and suppressed her anger.
In the meantime...
Samuel strode over and finally caught up with Lucille.
Ignoring the curious gazes of the other students around him, he grabbed Lucille's arm and said, "Give the necklace back to me."
He had a problem, and it was a serious one.
Lucille pushed Samuel's hand away. Zoey had purposely put pressure on the wound on her left arm earlier. Now that Samuel was grabbing onto her tightly, she could feel that her wound was bleeding again. F*ck.
Lucille was in a bad mood. She raised her foot and kicked Samuel violently.
However, Samuel reacted quickly after learning his lesson many times before. He took a step back and dodged, managing to successfully avoid losing his reproductive capabilities.
Samuel's face darkened. He gritted his teeth and said, "Lucille, I won't hit a woman, but don't go too far!"
"Hmph. Don't you feel embarrassed saying that?"
Previously, when they went to Talford Village for the free clinic, Samuel raised his hand and wanted to slap her at the foot of the mountain.
Otherwise, she wouldn't have kicked him for no reason. She wasn't the type who liked to bully people weaker than her, after all.
Samuel was rendered speechless for a moment. He did not want to get caught up in that issue any longer and could only insist, "Give the necklace back to me. This is something that you can't have. Otherwise, Mr. Jules won't let you go. I am doing this for your own good!"
What?
Had she misheard him?
Lucille almost burst into laughter. That shameless couple really amazed her time and time again.
"First of all, this is mine. Second of all, Howard is useless. What could he possibly do to me?"
Even saying it made her want to start cackling. Howard wouldn't have made it this far if the original host's mother hadn't been around to build up the Jules family.
That scumbag father of hers took all the benefits for himself, and now he wanted to get rid of the last thing a mother had left for her daughter. How shameless and disgusting!
Samuel was furious. He finally realized that no matter how hard he tried, he would not be able to defeat Lucille when it came to an argument.
Unreasonable
Unreasonable
###Thus, he changed to another strategy and promised, "How about this? As long as you return this necklace to me, I promise to compensate you. You can choose any necklace you want. Is that okay?"
How self-righteous.
He thought that by offering a compromise, she would be forced to accept.
If she didn't accept, then that meant she was being unreasonable.
Lucille put on a fake smile and said, "Samuel, how can you use money to make up for a mother's dying wishes for her daughter? How can you buy her desire for her daughter to inherit this expensive jewelry? Can you do that?" Samuel was speechless.
"B-But Zoey wants this necklace back for your own good. Since Mr. Jules has given this jewelry to Zoey, it's hers. Why are you snatching it away in such an unreasonable manner?" he protested.
"Snatching it away?" Lucille dug her ears and grinned casually. "Samuel, are your ears just for show? Didn't you hear Zoey saying that she would return it to its rightful owner in the parking lot?" He fell silent.
It seemed that he couldn't get through to her.
Samuel took a deep breath without any intention of letting go of Lucille's hand. He threatened her coldly, "Lucille, I'll give you a choice. You must return this necklace to me, or I won't let you leave today." "Is that so?"
Lucille raised her eyes and replied swiftly, "Then I'll give you a choice. Let me go now, or I'll make you regret what you just said."
The atmosphere was tense.
Samuel stared at her.
The girl in front of him wore a high ponytail, and her delicate and ethereal face was a little cold. A few strands of hair blew past her eyes, and her clear eyes were like a pure spring. She was like a hedgehog, stabbing anyone in sight.
Her entire body was covered in dazzling light, and his aura was extremely strong. She didn't back down or retreat in the slightest.
At that moment, Samuel had no idea what was going on in his brain. He actually had a faint urge to conquer her.
When that thought surfaced in his mind, Samuel leaned over and captured Lucille's lips without thinking...
A hint of astonishment flashed across Lucille's eyes. She did not expect that b*stard to do something so outrageous. How could he think of something so disgusting?
Lucille reacted very quickly. Before Samuel could get close to her, she grabbed his hair and forced him to stop.
Samuel's scalp was numb from the pain. It hurt so much that he felt like he was going bald, but it was also because of the pain that he came back to his senses. What on earth was he doing? Why was he trying to kiss her? Was he crazy?
Samuel's expression kept changing. Looking at Lucille's beautiful red lips, he quickly avoided her gaze, and his expression was somewhat unnatural.
Under Lucille's vigilant gaze, Samuel couldn't stay any longer. He turned around and left. He didn't have the mood to fight for the sapphire necklace any longer. That son of a b*tch.
Lucille shook her hands in disgust and dusted off a few strands of Samuel's hair. She then went to the bathroom on the first floor and washed her hands several times.
Downstairs, Zoey was about to go upstairs when she saw Samuel coming down with an unnatural expression.
She immediately rushed forward and asked expectantly, "Samuel, the necklace..."
"I didn't get it."noveldrama
Samuel avoided her gaze and said, "Worst comes to worst, I'll buy you another one. There's no need to keep thinking about Lucille."
Zoey's heart turned cold when she heard that.
Just now...
That wasn't what Samuel had said just now.
What exactly happened between him and Lucille in less than ten minutes?
Out of Her Control
Out of Her Control
Zoey wanted to ask more questions, but Samuel dodged her gaze and said, "Let's put this aside for now. Study hard at school. I'll go back to the company."
After that, Samuel drove away without looking back.
He had never been so cold to her before.
Zoey clenched her fists. She didn't understand why things were out of her control.
She gritted her teeth and rushed upstairs.
Zoey was very popular in school. On top of that, Samuel and Lucille's interaction had happened in an open area, so the students around them who witnessed it with their own eyes immediately latched onto it. Zoey pretended to be concerned and asked a few questions, and then a female classmate immediately spilled the beans to her.
Upon hearing about Samuel's attempt to forcefully kiss Lucille, Zoey was so angry that she was shaking all over. She barely managed to conceal the sinister look in her eyes.
Lucille!
That b*tch!
Since she had quarreled with Joseph and left home, she decided to seduce Samuel instead.
Zoey pinched her own palm violently to maintain her worried expression.
The female student warned, "You should be careful, Zoey. Lucille's face is very attractive to men. Don't let her steal Mr. Gilbert away from you!"
A girl at the side joined in and added with a smile, "Don't worry about her. That b*tch Lucille has such a bad reputation. How can she compare with you? Besides, Mr. Gilbert loves you so much. There's no way he would ever lose feelings." Those words might have been very useful in the past, but right then it all sounded like sarcasm to her.
Zoey felt like everyone was ridiculing her.
It was all because of Lucille.
###No. She couldn't stand it anymore!
She made an excuse to go to the toilet. After she locked herself in a cubicle, she took out her phone and dialed Fiona's number.
Some time ago, she had a cup of afternoon tea with Fiona, the eldest daughter of the Melling family, with Joanne's help. From a certain point of view, she shared many similarities with Fiona. They could be considered the same breed.
After that encounter, they became friends.
Friends with a common enemy.
The corners of Zoey's mouth lifted.
Soon, Fiona's calm voice was heard from the other d of the phone. "Hello? Zoey?"
"Are you free right now, Fiona?" Zoey held her phone and smiled bitterly. "I think it's time to look for a chance to do what we discussed last time." This time, she wanted Lucille to stay defeated forever.
In the office, Lucille was idly spinning the pen in her hand.
She hadn't attended school in the past two weeks. Because Master Walton had been helping her, she hadn't gotten punished for it.
Seeing that she was finally back, Master Walton was overjoyed. He immediately called her to the office and asked her about her opinions on several patients and
cases.
After Lucille was done with the cases, she saw that Master Walton was busy digesting what he had learned. She put the pen back on the table and left school in advance.
After the car drove away from the school gate, Lucille turned around and headed for Tech Connex Pavilion.
She hadn't been there for a long time. When she arrived, she found that Tech Connex Pavilion had undergone huge changes. The tiny sign they had before had become a magnificent signboard. The entire building was owned by them. Because the pavilion was full, there were no parking spaces on the roadside.
How Manynoveldrama
How Many
A few of the businesses nearby, which had not been doing well, had been transformed into a large parking lot. The owners were not depressed about the failure of their businesses. Instead, they smiled from ear to ear, because they could earn much more from the parking fees.
One could well imagine just how many people were visiting Tech Connex Pavilion.
Lucille parked her car and stepped into Tech Connex Pavilion.
Hugo and James were so busy that they didn't notice her coming in.
Lucille glanced around and found that there was a lot more staff responsible for welcoming guests, as well as janitors in charge of cleaning the floors.
Everyone was busy.
Her lips curled into a smile. When no one was paying attention, she entered the elevator and headed straight for the top floor.
Compared to the noise downstairs, the private space upstairs was much quieter.
Lucille had never been there before, so she did not know where Robert would be. She was about to call him when she heard a familiar voice behind her. "Miss Jules." Lucille turned around and saw a gentle smile on Robert's face. His dark eyes were glistening slightly.
Lucille asked curiously, "Did you know that I came to visit?"
"I didn't." Robert shook his head and calmly continued, "I'm always right behind you."
Lucille burst into laughter. "Of course, of course."
The rest of her subordinates were busy running the pavilion, so there were only Lucille and Robert in the private space upstairs.
This time, she did not just stroll around. Lucille sat in the control room and looked at the new maps of the various virtual worlds.
Robert had an excellent memory and said without thinking, "There are 550 new maps. 100 of them were designed based on customer requests with detailed customization." Lucille nodded.
550 new maps were not much, but they were all built by Robert alone. Even if he was just a robot that didn't need rest, it meant that he was working day and night to make it happen.
Lucille felt a little guilty. She had promised to code together with Robert, but she was so busy that she didn't even have time to visit him, let alone participate in the complicated construction of maps...
Just as she was deep in thought, Lucille felt a pair of hands lightly patting her head. The movement was gentle like her grandmother, Rafela's.
She was stunned. Robert comforted, "You don't have to blame yourself, Miss Jules. You're working very hard, too."
Suddenly, Lucille felt like she could hear Rafela speaking.
"You don't have to blame yourself, Bobo. You're
ung very hard, too."
Lucille blinked her eyes and forced back the tears in her eyes.
###Robert detected her emotions. He pointed at Lucille's head and left arm and asked, "You're injured, Miss Jules. Does it hurt?" "It doesn't hurt."
Lucille was about to ask him how he knew, but when she thought about it, it felt like a redundant question.
Robert was a robot, and he was created by the best researcher of science and technology, Rafela. His eyes were even more powerful than an X-ray. Naturally, he could detect her wounds right away.
Lucille took a deep breath and calmed herself down. "By the way, you should rest for a while. Don't accept those requests for customized virtual maps. I don't want you to work yourself to the bone. You might end up going on strike."
"No, I won't." Robert seemed to smile. "I use the sun to recharge my electricity every day. I won't go on strike."
Lucille nodded.
She had to admit that Rafela was very thoughtful. Not only was Robert's method of charging convenient, but it also prevented his identity from being discovered. It was really perfect.
Robert continued, "By the way, Miss Jules, Tech Connex Pavilion received a huge order two days ago. Hugo and James were so excited that they didn't sleep all night. According to them, there's a very popular variety show coming to work with us. They want to let their guests experience our virtual world."
Exciting
Exciting
A popular variety show?
Lucille thought for a moment. She did seem to recall hearing Hugo and James mention that there was a popular variety show on major broadcasting platforms. This variety show pursued thrilling and exciting experiences. The most popular theme was survival in the wild. When Tech Connex Pavilion was first constructed, Hugo mentioned that it would be good if that variety show ever came to work with them. When the time came, he would definitely use the opportunity to make Tech Connex Pavilion famous. Finally, the opportunity had come.
Lucille asked, "Have you signed the contract?"
""Yes. Let me look for it."
Robert opened the drawer and rummaged through it. Soon, he found a thick contract and handed it to Lucille.
Lucille opened it and saw the words on it. It read that Tech Connex Pavilion and this variety show were going to be working together and that they would be in charge of recording three episodes.
In each episode, the levels and scenes in the virtual world would be set up by the variety show's staff. The head designer of Tech Connex Pavilion, Robert, was responsible for design and construction.
There were no problems with the terms and regulations.
What surprised Lucille was the pay.
According to the contract, Tech Connex Pavilion wasn't charging the crew for constructing a new map. However, it requested 40 percent of the total profits once the show aired.
It had to be said that it was a very bold decision.
No matter how popular the show was that various factors and the results of the show would inevitably lead to drastic fluctuations in popularity. If the audience unsubscribed, the show's viewership rates would be low, and naturally, it would not make any money. At the same time, if the three episodes generated results that were better than expected, 40 percent of the profits would amount to more money than the construction fee.
It could be considered a huge gamble.
Perhaps the director of the variety show never expected that Tech Connex Pavilion would be so confident in their virtual world that they would make an offer like that.
It was no wonder that the director agreed to take the risk and make money at the same time.
It had to be said that he had an eye for things like this.
Lucille put the contract back. She looked at Robert and asked, "All the construction depends on you. Can you do it?"
Just as she was about to ask for help, she saw that Robert was controlling four computers at the same time. His fingers jumped rapidly, and strings of code popped up in a dizzying manner. "Are you talking about this, Miss Jules?"
Lucille was speechless. It seemed that she was just disturbing him.
With such strong processing power like Robert's, there was no use for her at all.
Lucille stood up and began to slack off. "I'm leaving, then. Do your best."
Taking the elevator back to the first floor, Lucille walked out of the pavilion and got into her car parked by the roadside.
As the car drove away, Lucille glanced into the rearview mirror.
Someone was following her.
Lucille sneered and slammed the gas pedal.
The rumbling of the sports car was heard, and in an instant, it zoomed away. The people behind wanted to follow, but they couldn't catch up, so they could only hit the steering wheel angrily. Lucille shook off the person trailing her and went straight back to the Jules Residence,
When she went in, she found that Madam Collins was there.
Lucille threw the car keys aside and went straight forward. "Grandma."
Madam Collins immediately waved her hand and said, "Oh, Lucille. Come here. Let me see if anyone has been taking advantage of you. Have you not been eating well? Why do you look thinner?"
"No, I've been eating properly."
Lucille answered obediently. She then explained to Madarn Collins why she had been gone for the past few days. She said that she had just gone to hang out with a friend and that it wasn't because she had left in a fit of anger after arguing with Joseph. Madam Collins listened very carefully.
A Sigh of Reliefnoveldrama
A Sigh of Relief
She probably believed her, right?
Lucille had just heaved a sigh of relief when she saw Madam Collins pat her hand. With a pained expression on her face, Madam Collins said, "What a silly child. Even when you've suffered, you still try to take the blame. Don't worry. When Joseph comes back, I'll help you vent your anger!"
It seemed the misunderstanding had only grown worse.
Lucille was stunned.
Coincidentally, Joseph came back.
Obviously, he had heard Madam Collins's words. He looked at Lucille with a faint smile and then said to Madam Collins, "Grandma, it's my fault. I made my wife angry."
The way he called her wife was blush-inducing.
Lucille focused on playing with the kitten on the sofa and pretended not to hear it.
Madam Collins snorted twice, satisfied with his attitude as he apologized. She did not continue to hold it against him and only said, "Remember, your wife exists for you to cherish her."
"Don't worry, Grandma." Joseph obediently agreed.
Amusement flashed across his eyes. "She's my wife. Of course, I cherish her."
Madam Collins nodded and let go of her worries.
However, there was another problem.
She asked, "When will you get your marriage certificate and hold the wedding?"
Lucille had always dodged that question with the excuse that she had yet to complete her studies. Now that Madam Collins had brought it up again, she did not know if the previous excuse would work.
She tugged at the kitten's smooth paws, She was about to change the subject when Joseph chuckled and replied, "It's about time we schedule it. What do you think, Bobo?"
Lucille was speechless.
She froze up. Before she could say anything, she heard Madam Collins say with a grin, "You two should get your marriage certificate first. As for the wedding, let's wait until you're ready. That way, if you two ever have a child one day, you won't have to bother with all this." She was thinking a little too far into the future.
Lucille glanced at Joseph and shot him a look.
Before she could lose her temper, Joseph finally stopped teasing her. He said to Madam Collins, "Don't worry, Grandma. You'll get to see your great-grandson
soon."
That made Madam Collins smile. In the end, though, it was their choice. It wasn't appropriate for her to intervene, so she could only nod and agree.
After having lunch with them, Madam Collins left the Jules Residence.
Only then did Lucille let out the breath she had been holding.
That night...
The lights in a bedroom on the second floor of the Gilbert family were on, which proved that the person inside was still awake. Samuel tossed and turned, unable to fall asleep. His mind was filled with the scene of him confronting Lucille at school that day. Why did he suddenly have an impulse to kiss her at the time?
Had he gone insane?
Lucille was such an arrogant and unreasonable woman, not to mention how reckless she was. He was supposed to hate her. Samuel turned over and sat up. He looked down at his pants, and his face turned gloomy before it flushed red. "D*mn it!" He cursed and got up to go to the bathroom.
After the shower, Samuel made a video call to Zoey.
He wanted to hear her voice or see het sweet, moving smile so that he could get rid of the thoughts in his mind.
However, when she picked up, he saw that Zoey was in a low mood, with red eyes as she cried.
Samuel lost interest man instant.
###A Sigh of Relief
A Sigh of Relief
She probably believed her, right?
Lucille had just heaved a sigh of relief when she saw Madam Collins pat her hand. With a pained expression on her face, Madam Collins said, "What a silly child. Even when you've suffered, you still try to take the blame. Don't worry. When Joseph comes back, I'll help you vent your anger!"
It seemed the misunderstanding had only grown worse.
Lucille was stunned.
Coincidentally, Joseph came back.
Obviously, he had heard Madam Collins's words. He looked at Lucille with a faint smile and then said to Madam Collins, "Grandma, it's my fault. I made my wife angry."
The way he called her wife was blush-inducing.
Lucille focused on playing with the kitten on the sofa and pretended not to hear it.
Madam Collins snorted twice, satisfied with his attitude as he apologized. She did not continue to hold it against him and only said, "Remember, your wife exists for you to cherish her."
"Don't worry, Grandma." Joseph obediently agreed.
Amusement flashed across his eyes. "She's my wife. Of course, I cherish her."
Madam Collins nodded and let go of her worries.
However, there was another problem.
She asked, "When will you get your marriage certificate and hold the wedding?"
Lucille had always dodged that question with the excuse that she had yet to complete her studies. Now that Madam Collins had brought it up again, she did not know if the previous excuse would work.
She tugged at the kitten's smooth paws, She was about to change the subject when Joseph chuckled and replied, "It's about time we schedule it. What do you think, Bobo?"
Lucille was speechless.
She froze up. Before she could say anything, she heard Madam Collins say with a grin, "You two should get your marriage certificate first. As for the wedding, let's wait until you're ready. That way, if you two ever have a child one day, you won't have to bother with all this." She was thinking a little too far into the future.
Lucille glanced at Joseph and shot him a look.
Before she could lose her temper, Joseph finally stopped teasing her. He said to Madam Collins, "Don't worry, Grandma. You'll get to see your great-grandson
soon."
That made Madam Collins smile. In the end, though, it was their choice. It wasn't appropriate for her to intervene, so she could only nod and agree.
After having lunch with them, Madam Collins left the Jules Residence.noveldrama
Only then did Lucille let out the breath she had been holding.
That night...
The lights in a bedroom on the second floor of the Gilbert family were on, which proved that the person inside was still awake. Samuel tossed and turned, unable to fall asleep. His mind was filled with the scene of him confronting Lucille at school that day. Why did he suddenly have an impulse to kiss her at the time?
Had he gone insane?
Lucille was such an arrogant and unreasonable woman, not to mention how reckless she was. He was supposed to hate her. Samuel turned over and sat up. He looked down at his pants, and his face turned gloomy before it flushed red. "D*mn it!" He cursed and got up to go to the bathroom. After the shower, Samuel made a video call to Zoey.
He wanted to hear her voice or see her sweet, moving smile so that he could get rid of the thoughts in his mind.
However, when she picked up, he saw that Zoey was in a low mood, with red eyes as she cried.
Samuel lost interest in an instant.
Video Call
Video Call
To be honest, men liked women who seemed like they wanted someone to protect them. He had to admit that Zoey looking so pitiful did stir up his heart.
However, no matter how beautiful she was, one would find it annoying after looking at her for a long time.
Samuel casually comforted Zoey and came up with an excuse to hang up the video call.
Those suppressed thoughts came back again.
D*mn it!
Samuel even began to wonder if Lucille, that despicable woman, had poisoned him. Why did he have the urge to conquer her as soon as he thought of what had happened that day? Crazy. He must have lost his mind.
Samuel turned off the light and forced himself to close his eyes.
The next day...
###The breeze was gentle and the clouds were calm.
When Lucille drove to school, she saw the black car that had been following her the day before.
It seemed that their chase was relentless.
She wanted to see who was so stupid as to try and tail her.
Lucille sped up and turned the car into a long, empty street.
The black car behind her followed.
It was neither too far nor too close.
Lucille's lips curled into a smile and she suddenly stepped on the gas.
The black car behind her had already lost her last time. This time, they did not dare to be careless. Seeing Lucille speed up, they immediately stepped on the accelerator and followed her closely.noveldrama
To everyone's surprise, however, Lucille suddenly changed her direction and drove toward them. She spun the car in a circle and stopped in the middle of the road, forcing them to retreat. The black car suddenly stopped.
The thin man in the passenger seat was shocked. He exclaimed, "D*mn it. Did she notice us? What should we do?"
The other man held the steering wheel tightly and replied calmly, "Don't panic. She's just a little girl. As long as we don't admit it, what can she say? It's not like she can do anything to us."
Lucille got out of the car. She made a come-hither motion at the two men in the black car, signaling for them to get off quickly.
The two men looked at each other. They got out of the car one after another, and said with a laugh, "Miss, may I ask why you suddenly stopped our car?" Lucille got straight to the point. "Who sent you here?"
The two men played dumb. "What are you talking about, miss? We don't understand. There are so many roads here. If you can drive on them, then we can, too. We just happen to be going in the same direction. We aren't following you." They were denying it?
Fine.
Lucille twisted her wrist and casually replied, "If you won't say it now, then don't regret it later."
The two men stepped back subconsciously. At that moment, there were other cars passing by on the street. They immediately shouted to the people around them, There's a fight! Someone, help!"
Samuel was in one of the passing cars.
11
He was going to see a client that day and happened to pass through that road. As soon as he drove over, he saw Lucille stopping a car. She was so arrogant that she seemed to be ready to hit someone at any moment. She was crossing the line.
Samuel got out of the car and scolded Lucille. "Can't you have a single peaceful day? Why do you have to go around hitting people in the middle of the street? Lucille, how did I never notice how unreasonable you are?" Lucille did not expect to run into Samuel. What a small world.
It seemed that she should have checked her fortune before leaving the house.
With Samuel's help, the two men quickly got into their car and then reversed. They were about to leave amidst the chaos.
Why would they run away if they weren't guilty?
Noward the School
Toward the School
Lucille frowned. Just as she was about to stop them, Samuel stood in front of her. He was extremely righteous and declared, "I have to teach you a lesson today and make you understand what etiquette and morality are." At a loss for words, Lucille pushed Samuel away. She coldly retorted, "You've got some serious problems."
Since the two men had run away, it was impossible to know who had been trailing her. Lucille started the car and drove straight toward school.
To her surprise, Samuel followed her there.
She parked the car in the parking lot, and so did he.
She walked toward the classroom block. Unexpectedly, that b*stard followed her there, too.
"Are you done yet?"
Lucille stopped and looked at him coldly.
###Samuel cleared his throat and replied, "This isn't your home. I'm one of the school's shareholders. Why can't I be here?" "Of course, of course," Lucille said with a faint smile. She simply sat down on a bench without leaving.
The meaning of her actions was obvious. She wanted him to get lost.
Samuel forced himself to take a few steps forward before backtracking.
"I'm tired. I want to rest, too. Okay?"
After that, he sat down on the bench across from her.
The school was huge, and no one passed through that path. Occasionally, the wind blew, and the leaves drifted.
Lucille swiped through her phone.
In the group chat, Hugo was talking about all kinds of weird requirements proposed by the variety show's crew. Then, he excitedly told them about how Robert, as the head designer, single-handedly completed every request the director had with utter perfection. Not a single flaw could be found.
After that, everyone sent thumbs-up emojis in response.
Lucille transferred them some money at random and typed: "Thanks for the hard work, everyone."
Immediately after, all of them started fighting to get the money.
It was absolutely hilarious.noveldrama
James' luck was the worst. He cried and asked her to give him a bit more.
Lucille couldn't help laughing and sent him more money to comfort him.
On the bench, Samuel was staring at Lucille.
The girl's cold eyes were covered with a layer of soft light. Her pretty face was delicate and flawless, shining brightly. She didn't need to do anything. Just sitting there made her look like a gorgeous painting. He didn't know which man she was talking to, but she was laughing!
Samuel was so angry that his face darkened instantly.
He was furious that she was completely ignoring him. Thus, he stepped forward and said condescendingly, "Lucille, to be honest, I'm here to fulfill the bet." Lucille squinted at him and asked, "What bet?" Samuel suddenly choked.
###Had she forgotten? Just like that?
Samuel took a deep breath and stated, "Last time, I wrongly accused you of hurting Joanne, so I promised that I would be your servant for a month. I'm here to fulfill my promise."
Without waiting for Lucille to speak, he added, "Don't be too excited, though. I'm just going to keep my promise. Don't even think about trying to take the chance to get my attention. I don't care about any woman aside from Zoey!" Lucille was speechless.
God, help her. What a conceited man.
He had so much blind confidence.
Lucille rubbed her temples, got up from her bench, and left.
Samuel followed closely behind.
It was quite a weird scene. Not to mention, Lucille and Samuel were both well-known figures in the whole school. In an instant, all of the passing students turned
Instantly Sank
to look at them.
Soon, there were rumors everywhere.
When Zoey heard the rumors and ran out to check, she rubbed her eyes, and her heart instantly sank.
Meanwhile, the nosey students approached her and asked, "Zoey, what's going on with Mr. Gilbert?"
Zoey clenched her fists.noveldrama
Why were they asking her? How would she know?
With an unchanging smile, she ran toward Samuel.
When Samuel saw Zoey coming over, his expression became unnatural for a moment, but he quickly steeled himself. After all, the reason why he humbled himself and became Lucille's slave was to fulfill the bet... He hated Lucille. He despised her.
###Therefore, he wanted to use this to prove that even if he gave Lucille a chance to be around him at all times, he would not fall in love with her even for a moment. Thinking of that, the look in Samuel's eyes became increasingly gentle. He asked, "What are you doing here,
Zoey?"noveldrama
"I... I had something to ask you."
Zoey's sense of reason told her that she could not be too controlling with men. If she were to question him about every single thing, Samuel would just end up getting frustrated.
However, she just couldn't help it. All she could do was try her best to suppress her anger. She quietly asked, "Samuel, didn't you say that you were going to see a client this morning? W-Why are you with Lucille?"
"Have you forgotten, silly? Last time, at Mr. Jules' wedding, I wrongly accused Lucille of bullying Joanne, At the time, I promised to be her slave for a month. I have no choice but to keep my promise."
Samuel's words were straightforward and reasonable.
Zoey forced a smile and didn't say anything.
Even so, it had been more than a month since the bet had been made. If he wanted to fulfill it after such a long time, didn't that mean he had other intentions in mind?
Zoey stared at Lucille, trying to burn a hole through her.
What a b*tch. It was all because Lucille had seduced Samuel!
Her gaze was as sharp as a knife.
Lucille turned around and caught the malice in Zoey's eyes. She smiled faintly and said to her slave, "I'm thirsty. Get me some water."
Samuel was stunned for a moment. Of course, he could not run errands like that in person, so he ordered his assistant to go downstairs to buy it from the supermarket. Soon, the water was bought.
The assistant handed the water to Samuel. He handed it to Lucille impatiently and asked, "Are you satisfied?"
"Very."
Lucille's lips curled into a grin. She then slapped a piece of paper onto Samuel's body and said in an arrogant tone, "I'll reward you with a tip."
Did she really think of him as a dog?
Samuel's face turned green with anger, but Lucille turned around and walked away. The edge of her skirt twirled in an arc, looking noble and elegant, but also lazy and charming.
###Lucille did not go to the classroom. Instead, she went to Master Walton's lab as usual. Aside from how she ordered Samuel around earlier to piss Zoey off, she acted like he wasn't there and ignored him. Once the afternoon slipped by, Lucille left school.
Samuel accompanied Lucille for a while. When he went to look for her again, she had already disappeared.
However, the incident that day caused rumors to spread everywhere and become more and more intense. There were even several different versions going around. On the college forum, someone created a post, causing countless students to make their own comments. Someone asked: "Is Mr. Gilbert suddenly having a change of heart?"
Another added: "Actually, I think Lucille is trying to seduce Mr. Gilbert because Mr. Joseph abandoned her! Otherwise, wouldn't she end up looking pathetic? She has to have a man by her side."
One person commented: "Oh my god, I suddenly feel sorry for Zoey. She wouldn't keep getting bullied by that sly fox Lucille if not for how kind she is."
nly After
Shortly After
Another comment read: "Exactly. Alas..."
The post gradually turned into a torrent of abuse.
The things being said were as awful as could be.
However, to everyone's surprise, shortly after the post was made, the forum's contents were all removed, and all the posts were deleted. The accounts that had insulted Lucille were all banned, and some were even forcibly deleted.noveldrama
Obviously, a hacker had broken into their school's system to protect Lucille.
Who was it?
The students couldn't figure out who the mysterious hacker was.
###Lucille did not care about the rumors. In other words, she had already been scolded enough in the past, so getting hated on was nothing to her. If she cared about them, she would have died of anger a long time ago. She didn't pay attention to the school forum, so she didn't know about the mysterious hacker.
After returning to the Jules Residence, the kitten ran to her with a meow.
Lucille bent down and picked up the little cat. She realized that it was much heavier, and the cat had grown up a lot. Its eyes were like sapphire, beautiful and watery.
"What breed are you?"
Lucille rubbed the cat's head and muttered to herself.
The kitten meowed twice and rubbed its head against Lucille's hand.
In the living room of the villa, Culver stepped forward and said, "Mr. Joseph is waiting for you in your room, Miss Jules."
Lucille grunted in reply.
Over the past few days, Joseph would come over once in the morning and once at night to treat her wounds. She found it odd at first, but now she was used to it. Lucille handed the kitten to Culver and walked upstairs.
She pushed open the door of her room and saw Joseph sitting on the small couch. When he saw her come in, he tapped the first-aid kit and said in an overbearing tone, "Come here."
Lucille walked over.
Only then did Joseph sit up. He lifted her sleeve, untied the bandage skillfully, and then disinfected it.
In the end, Lucille felt him smearing something on her with a cotton stick. She smelled the scent of medicine and asked, "Is that scar cream?"
Joseph raised an eyebrow. "You can tell just from the smell?"
Lucille shifted her gaze away and said nothing.
When she was a child, she was too thick-skinned. She often imitated her father and attempted to practice martial arts, which caused her to suffer all kinds of injuries. Her grandfather, who was a medicinal expert, said that scars would taint her pretty skin, so he specifically researched scar cream just for her.
The effect was really good.
Later on, though...
Lucille lowered her eyes and allowed Joseph to bandage her wound.
Soon, the treatment was done.
Lucille cleared her throat and said, "Thank you."
After Joseph had packed up the first-aid kit, he suddenly asked, "Bobo, are you still hung up over Samuel?"
Lucille was stunned for a moment before she replied without thinking, "I'm not blind."
The idea of being involved with Samuel disgusted her.
As if she would be hung up over him.
Joseph chuckled. His eyes, which seemed to contain a smile, were filled with a hint of danger. "That's good." Otherwise, he might have killed Samuel.
Why Are You Asking
The aura emanating from Joseph made her heart palpitate. His eyes seemed to contain an intoxicating smile, but when one looked at them carefully, they seemed to be about to burst with hostility. It was so cold that it made one's heart tremble. Lucille did not understand. "Why are you asking me this out of nowhere?"
She didn't think Joseph would answer. The next second, however, he leaned forward and stretched out his arms, essentially locking her in his embrace.
Lucille raised her head in shock and heard him say...noveldrama
"I'm jealous, Bobo."
###Her heart immediately skipped a beat.
An ambiguous atmosphere was instantly ignited.
Under the light, their shadows intertwined intimately, inseparable.
Lucille turned her face away awkwardly before she angrily muttered, "You're impossible to understand!"
"Why do you say that?" Joseph laughed softly. One could get drunk in his eyes. His next words were deeper and more ambiguous. "My wife has been targeted by another man. Why can't I be jealous?"
"Who are you calling your wife?!" Lucille was furious and corrected him. "We're just partners. Lying to Madam Collins is one thing, but we should have clear boundaries in private that aren't meant to be broken." Clear boundaries in private aren't meant to be broken?
Joseph had a faint grin on his face. His gaze was profound as he pressed his hand against the wall even harder.
Upon hearing Lucille's firm and resolute words that showed that she wanted to distance herself from him, he recalled how Lucille had returned home without even greeting him and even brought a wound with her. The string of logic in Joseph's heart was instantly broken.
Without a second thought, he bent down and captured Lucille's soft lips.
"...Mmph."
The rest of Lucille's words were all cut off.
She opened her eyes slightly. At that moment, all her thoughts stopped. Her brain felt like it was going haywire, and only her senses were infinitely magnified.
She could clearly feel the cool sensation on her lips and felt all her limbs and bones tingling.
Unlike the two kisses that had landed on her forehead, this time, it was Joseph's powerful and domineering aura that made her almost unable to defend herself. That was until the door was suddenly pushed open. "Bobo!"noveldrama
Molly poked her head in.
After seeing the scene in front of her, Molly shivered and immediately shrank back. She didn't forget to close the door on her way out.
Lucille's face was as red as fire, and her rationality finally came back to her.
She immediately pushed Joseph away. She didn't use much force, but he let out a muffled groan. His tall and heavy body fell down and pressed straight down on
her.
Lucille was about to lose her temper when she heard his hoarse voice, which seemed to be suppressing something, ringing in her ears.
"Bobo, I didn't follow your instructions. Now I'm suffering the consequences of my actions."
"Huh?"
Lucille was stunned for a moment before she realized that the poison in Joseph's body was temporarily suppressed and not completely neutralized. During this period of time, he needed to avoid cold food and... suppress his desires. Essentially, he wasn't allowed to do anything that would get him too worked up.
However, he failed to restrain himself.
Lucille reached out to feel his pulse and found that toxins were resurging in his body.
Since the poison was only suppressed, every time the toxins flared up, the pain the body endured would be hundreds or thousands of times stronger than before. He was really just making trouble for himself.
Lucille scolded, "You deserve it!"
Joseph laughed and sighed helplessly. "It seems that we'll have to find the rest of the herbs as soon as possible."
She was speechless. As if!
Lucille was furious, but she couldn't leave Joseph alone.
She got up and looked for her tool bag before opening it up. Then she untied Joseph's clothes with gritted teeth. With her tools glinting, she began treating him. There was a hint of vengeance in her actions as Lucille performed the treatment accurately without any mercy. "Ahem, ahem, ahem." Joseph coughed a few times and suppressed the bloody taste in his throat.
Why Are You Asking
###Despite the immense pain in his body, he didn't show it on his face. On the contrary, a joyful grin appeared on his face as he looked at Lucille with a burning gaze. Even though she was fierce on the outside, she actually had a soft heart.
Joseph chuckled.
Not Going to Save You
Not Going to Save You
After Lucille was finally done treating Joseph and suppressed the poison in his body, she immediately turned hostile and said, "All right, all right. Get out of here. If you try that again, I'm not going to save you!"
The treatment process seemed simple, but in fact, it consumed a lot of her strength.
Joseph rubbed Lucille's head lovingly and said with a smile, "Good night, my dear Mrs. Collins."
Mrs. Collins?
That b*stard is getting more and more shameless!
Right before Lucille could throw a punch, Joseph dodged and he left the bedroom.
"Joseph!"
Through the door, he could hear Lucille gnashing her teeth.noveldrama
Joseph chuckled and went to the study on the other side.
In the study, Culver respectfully stated, "Mr. Joseph, all the posts on Mrs. Collins' school forum have been cleared. I've asked someone to keep an eye on it. I definitely won't let her name be tied to Samuel's."
Sitting on the rotating leather chair, Joseph was not very satisfied with the result, so he said casually, "Since Samuel has so much time, let's give him something to do."
His words were full of coldness.
Culver understood. Joseph intended to torture Samuel to death.
"Okay, Mr. Joseph. I'll do it immediately."
In the bedroom, Lucille picked up the bolster and threw it aside. She then put away all the tools.
Just as she was about to lay down on the bed to sleep, the door was opened by someone.
Molly poked her head out and asked with a smile, "Can I come in, Bobo?"
"Come in."
Lucille turned on the light and got up to pour herself a glass of water.
Molly looked around the room. When she saw that Joseph had left, she asked excitedly, "Why aren't you guys sleeping together, Bobo?" "Pfft."
Lucille spat out a mouthful of water and started coughing.
What kind of question was that?
However, Molly's face was full of innocence. She loudly said, "Madam Dahlia said people sleep together after getting married. Then, they have a baby after sleeping together! Madam Dahlia also said that if you and Mr. Joseph had a kid, it would definitely be adorable." Lucille's head was in chaos. She changed the subject. "Molly, you really like Lala, don't you? I think I can hear it meowing. Go and have a look."
"Huh?"
When Molly heard that, she instantly forgot what she had wanted to ask and looked for the little cat everywhere in the villa. Lucille heaved a sigh of relief. She locked the door and hung a sign on the door that said "Sleeping, do not disturb".
After doing all that, she lay back on the big bed and was about to have a rest.
However, the scene from earlier was still lingering in her mind.
The moment she closed her eyes, she could recall the cool touch.
As soon as she shut her eyes, she would think of Joseph's burning gaze as he muttered, "I got jealous, Bobo."
It made her heart go crazy.
Lucille turned over and buried her face under the blanket.
Half an hour later, Lucille was woken up by a phone call.
She picked up her phone, glanced at it, and clicked the answer button.
"Hello, Master Walton?"
Master Walton's anxious voice was heard. "Help, Miss Bambo!"
"What's wrong? Slow down."
Hearing Lucille's calm voice, Master Walton calmed down and said, "Master, do you still remember that female entrepreneur, Hilda? We treated her daughter back then."
"Two days ago, she was seriously injured by her ex-husband. This morning, the hospital issued a notice of critical illness, saying that she wouldn't make it through the night. Hilda's family came looking for me, but the situation is way too tricky for me to deal with. Can you come and have a look, Miss Bambo?"
Hearing that, Lucille lifted the blanket and got up.
Not Going to Save You
""Which hospital?"
Lucille hung up the phone and rushed straight to the hospital that Master Walton had mentioned after washing up. On her way there, Lucille noticed that the black car was following her again. Barely Survived
Barely Survived
This time, though, the situation was urgent. The most important thing was to save Hilda.
Lucille had no time to bother with the car behind her. She sped up and soon arrived at the hospital.
Master Walton was waiting for her at the entrance of the hospital. When he saw Lucille, he immediately went up to her and told her about Hilda's symptoms.
###Saying that she was injured was an understatement. Hilda had actually been stabbed by her ex-husband.
The knife happened to damage her heart. She had undergone emergency treatment for several days and barely survived. Right then, however, the wound was too serious. Hilda was hanging on a thread. It was likely that she wouldn't make it through the night. Lucille nodded. She had a rough idea of what was going on.
Master Walton took her into the hospital and went straight to the intensive care unit where Hilda was.
At the door of the ICU, Hilda's parents were standing there with her daughter. They were all crying.
It wasn't until Master Walton came that Hilda's parents wiped their tears and asked expectantly, "Master Walton, when is that mentor of yours coming? Can my daughter be saved?"
Master Walton pointed to Lucille beside him and said confidently, "This is my mentor!"
The two seniors looked at each other and said with a bitter smile, "Master Walton, this isn't the time to be joking. This little girl is young enough to be your granddaughter. How could she be your mentor..."
"Huh? You can't just say that. She's my mentor. What does it matter if she's young? You only need to know one thing. If my mentor can't save your daughter, then it's impossible to save her." Master Walton patted his chest with a serious look
"Um...
." Hilda's parents looked at each other. It was obvious that they still did not believe it.
Hilda's daughter, Evelyn, ran to Lucille and cried. "You saved me before. Please save my mother again this time, okay? Please."
Lucille bent down to wipe the tears of the girl in front of her, who was four or five years old. She whispered, "Your name is Evelyn, right?"
"Yes!" The little girl nodded and kept sobbing.
"Your mother will be fine."
Lucille patted Evelyn's head. She then stood up and said to Master Walton, "Have the negotiations with the hospital been settled?"
Her words showed that she was confident.
Master Walton's eyes lit up and he replied, "Everything has been settled. As long as Hilda's family members give their signatures, we can go in and give Hilda treatment." "That's good."
Lucille turned around and looked at the two white-haired people. She saw their hands trembling as they held their pens. They did not sign their names for a long time.
Lucille knew that it was because she looked too young and immature. It wasn't enough to convince people of her medical skills.
Of course, she would not interfere with their decision.
Master Walton was stunned for a moment and couldn't help but urge, "Time waits for no one. Hilda's situation is very risky. If we delay any longer, even God might not be able to save her!" Hilda's parents' hands were trembling, and their tears kept falling.
They were just worried that they would never see their daughter again after they gave their signatures...
"Grandpa, Grandma."
Evelyn raised her head and spoke. Her voice was crisp but firm. "This girl was the one who cured me of my illness. My mother said that this sister is someone I'm indebted to. In fact, the whole family is indebted to her. Just now, she told me that Mom would be fine, so that will definitely come true!"
11
With tears in their eyes, Hilda's parents finally signed the contract.
Master Walton immediately handed over the signature to the hospital. From that moment on, Hilda's condition had nothing to do with the hospital. He and Lucille were in charge of Hilda's situation.
Lucille and Master Walton entered the ICU.
Hilda's condition was not very good. She was unconscious and her face was pale. At that moment, she was only able to breathe with the help of different machines. Lucille took her pulse and muttered, "Pressure has been put on her heart and lungs because of the backflow of blood. There's not much time left. Open the tool bag.
"Okay!"
Master Walton immediately opened the bag of tools. The tools of various sizes looked a little cold under the light.
Lucille's sharp eyes noticed that there was still half of a herb left in Master Walton's first-aid kit. She ordered, "Take a bit of that herb and put it in Hilda's mouth."
Barely Noticeable
Barely Noticeable
"Okay!" Master Walton did as he was told. His herb wasn't premium or anything. It wasn't like he was reluctant to use it. He was just afraid that it wouldn't be effective, which was why he didn't take it out in the first place.
Lucille began to treat Hilda.
In Hilda's current situation, the backflow of her blood had caused her heart and lungs to squeeze against each other, and the situation was very tricky. However, what was even more deadly was that there was some internal bleeding in her chest. It was barely noticeable, which was why nobody had noticed it.
That was the real culprit behind her serious injury.
As Lucille raised her hand, she started the treatment.
Outside the intensive care room, Hilda's parents covered their mouths. They couldn't bear to look through the glass door, and tears fell down from their eyes.
No one noticed that two men were sneakily spying on them.
They were none other than the two men who had followed Lucille many times in that black car.
When they saw Lucille enter the ICU, they immediately called Fiona.
Indeed. They had been following Lucille on Fiona's instructions.
Soon, the call was picked up.
The man lowered his voice and whispered, "Miss Melling, I see Lucille treating the patient, and I've already taken photos and collected evidence. I'm certain that she's the one performing the treatment. Master Walton is just her assistant." "Got it. You don't have to follow her anymore. Come back."
Fiona hung up the phone.
Very good. She had finally seized an opportunity.
Fiona picked up the cup of coffee beside her and took a sip gracefully. Her lips curled into a smile as if she was full of determination.
How dare Lucille treat people without the proper certification?
That was illegal in Shein City.
Fiona stood up. She stepped up in her high heels and arrogantly ordered, "Bring everyone and follow me!"
Meanwhile, in the hospital...
After half an hour of continuous treatment, Lucille's hands started to ache. Finally, she saw traces of blood seeping out from Hilda's nostrils.
That was a good sign. The blood that had been absorbed into her heart and lungs was being extracted.
Watching from the side, Master Walton couldn't help smacking his lips. He desperately wanted to grab a notebook and hurriedly note down all of Lucille's techniques.
Lucille ordered, "You can remove the tools."
"Okay!"
Master Walton did as he was told.
Soon, Hilda's condition was pretty much under control. Without the infection caused by the internal bleeding, the blood all over her body recovered, and it wouldn't pose much danger to her life.
Lucille took all the tools away and finally said, "She's fine now."
Although Hilda had not woken up yet, Hilda could now leave the intensive care unit and stay in an ordinary ward.
When Hilda was pushed out from the inside, her parents, Annie and Owen Sanders, burst into tears and shouted repeatedly, "My daughter, my poor daughter..." Master Walton had to explain, "You guys are crying over nothing. Hilda is fine. She is out of danger." "Huh?" Owen and Annie wiped away their tears and asked in astonishment, "Her oxygen tube has been removed. Doesn't that mean she can't be saved?"
"That's because the foreign matter in her heart and lungs has been expelled. She can breathe on her own. Of course, she doesn't need an oxygen tube!" Master Walton was dumbfounded Finally, Owen and Annie understood what was going on.
Knowing that Hilda had been rescued, the two of them bent down and were about to get on their knees. Master Walton helped her up and said with a smile, "Okay, that's enough. Let's get her to the ward first, and then we can talk about the rest later." Evelyn grinned and began dancing with joy.
The joy of surviving a disaster enveloped the whole family.
The atmosphere was relaxed and harmonious for a while.noveldrama
It was at that mornent that Fiona arrived with her men. WON ONL
Just as She Walked Out
Just as She Walked Out
"Lucille, you don't have a medical license yet you gave a patient unauthorized treatment. According to the law of Shein City, I'm going to put you under arrest!" Lucille washed her hands. Just as she walked out of the sterilization room, she saw the arrogant Fiona standing in front of her and taunting her.
Master Walton was stunned and quickly stepped forward to smooth things over. "Miss Melling, did you make a mistake? Earlier, it was just me and my mentor. I have a medical license. There's nothing wrong with that!"
"Is that so?" Fiona sneered and raised her phone.
The screen on the phone showed that Lucille was the one who was performing the treatment. It meant that Master Walton was just her assistant. Even if he had a license, he could not clear Lucille of her crime. Master Walton naturally understood that, but he still wanted to reason with Fiona.
"Miss Melling, you have to be reasonable. Earlier, the patient was in critical condition. Should my mentor have just watched from the sidelines instead? There was a clear priority. We had to make a decision based on the situation at hand!" he protested. "Your mentor? How can a person without a medical license be your mentor?"
Fiona stroked the hair that had fallen down from behind her ear and said casually, "I didn't expect that Master Walton, who has such a high reputation, would humble himself to be the disciple of a young girl. What a joke!"
Master Walton choked. He immediately retorted, "I'm telling the truth! A medical license isn't enough to prove my mentor's skills. Besides, we've already saved the patient. If you don't believe me, you can ask the patient's family!"
"Yes, that's right." Owen and Annie immediately stepped forward and said, "My daughter's heartbeat is normal now. Her breathing is normal, and even her face looks much better. I think she'll wake up soon. Miss Jules did save my daughter, and our family is heavily indebted to her."
That statement could not prove anything, however.
Fiona had been waiting for this opportunity for a long time. How could she let go of Lucille with just a few words?
It was impossible!
Fiona raised her hand and ordered the men behind her, "Take them away!"
Seeing a group of people surrounding Lucille, Master Walton was furious and shouted, "Miss Melling, what right do you have to arrest my mentor?"
"My father is the supervisor of Shein City. I'm the next in line. What right do you think I have?" Fiona replied with a faint smile.
In Shein City, a supervisor's position was simply indescribable. They had the responsibility of supervision, which meant that everything in the city, no matter big or small, was under the supervisor's control.
That was why Fiona had dared to do such a thing.
Unless there was a higher rank than the supervisor, the Melling family would naturally be in charge of the city.
Master Walton was so furious that his face turned livid. He wished he could beat those people out.
Lucille scratched her ears. She finally understood what was going on. So, Fiona had brought people to capture her because she didn't have a medical license?
It was so obvious that she was trying to get revenge.
Lucille looked up at the arrogant Fiona and asked, "So, Miss Melling, are you saying that as long as I have a medical license, I won't be charged with any crime?" "Yes, but unfortunately, you don't." Fiona shot her subordinates a look and ordered, "What are you waiting for? Catch that criminal!"
She deliberately emphasized the word "criminal".
Her men responded and were about to rush forward to push Lucille down.
Right before they could do so, Lucille suddenly stated, "Just a medical license? That's not a big deal. Give me a moment. I'll go get it."
She had a medical license?
Fiona gaped in shock, and her eyes went wide.
###Don't Have a Medical Licensenoveldrama
That couldn't be. She had sent someone to investigate before coming up with this plan. Lucille was just a student. How could she be so skilled in medical skills that she could obtain a medical license? It was obvious that she was messing with her!
Fiona screamed, "You're lying. You don't have a medical license at all!"
Lucille shot her a look of amusement. "I never said I did."
"So what you just said is..."
"That's right. I'll go get it for you right now," Lucille said, pointing at the examination room set up by the hospital. As expected of a top-level hospital, it had everything a person could need.
Fiona's face turned ashen in an instant. She laughed out loud as if she had heard some kind of funny joke. She cackled so hard that she couldn't stand up straight.
"Oh my god. You? You think you can do that?"
"Hahaha! Hilarious. It's the first time I've heard someone say something like that. How shameless! I feel like my eyes have been opened!"
"Fine, then. Don't say I never gave you a chance. I'll give you ten minutes. That should be enough, right? Go take the exam. If you can do it, I'll leave immediately!"
As she laughed, her expression suddenly darkened. "But if you can't pass the exam or take more than ten minutes, I will arrest you on the charges of practicing without a license and refusing arrest. Lucille, think about it carefully. You will be put behind bars for at least three years with both of those charges!"
"Okay."
The corners of Lucille's lips curled into a bright grin. She strode into the examination room as everyone stared in surprise and anticipation.
Originally, one was supposed to register before being able to sit for the exam. However, since Fiona was the daughter of the supervisor, it only took a single word from her for the employees to let Lucille in.
According to Fiona's instructions, the timer would last for ten minutes.
Ten minutes? How was that possible?
Master Walton clenched his fists and stood at the entrance of the examination room, feeling guilty.
Dont Have a Medical Licence
If he hadn't called Lucille to save Hilda, she wouldn't have ended up getting targeted by Fiona. She wouldn't have faced such an unexpected disaster.
Owen and Annie were also standing by the side. They kept looking inside, worried about Hilda as well as their savior, Lucille.
Master Walton said, "You can go back to the ward first. You shouldn't leave Hilda alone. If she wakes up or anything unexpected happens, you can call me." "Okay..."
The two of them nodded and left with Evelyn in their arms.
In the examination room, Lucille received a real test paper.
She was none other than the legendary Bambo, so these were easy peasy for her.
Lucille went through the exam extremely quickly. She answered all the theory questions in quick succession. As for the practical questions, it was to be expected that none of them posed any difficulty to her whatsoever. In order to prevent Lucille from cheating, Fiona also got someone to broadcast live footage of the room to everyone.
As time went by, there were only three minutes left before time ran out.
Such a short period of time was not enough for her to get a medical license. With Lucille's current speed of randomly answering questions, it would be impossible for her to get it.
Fiona crossed his arms and calmly waited for Lucille to come out and beg for mercy.
There were only two minutes left on the timer.
Lucille came out.
#Claim Bonus For Free Every Day>>
No Way
Fiona smiled contemptuously and spread out her hands. "Where's your license? Why don't I see it?"
###Master Walton was so angry that he glared at her. "Miss Melling, how can you only give her ten minutes? There's no way my mentor can finish answering all the questions in such a short time!" "The way I see it, she's just doing this to protect her ego." Fiona sneered. She didn't want to talk nonsense anymore. She waved at her men and ordered, "Catch her!" The group of men quickly stepped forward.
Just then, there was a notice from the system at the entrance of the examination room.
The system announced: "Lucille Jules, please collect your license. Lucille Jules, please collect your license."
The announcement was made twice.
Everyone was stunned.
Master Walton was stunned for a moment. He was the first to react and ran to the window to help Lucille get her freshly made medical license.
It was real. It was real!
Fiona's face instantly soured.
How was that possible?
She glared at Lucille. Her tone changed as she accused, "You must have cheated! Did you bribe the employees? How dare you, Lucille?"
Lucille scratched her ears, still looking as nonchalant as ever. She said casually, "There are so many pairs of eyes on me. Wouldn't it be obvious whether I cheated or not?" The big screen showing a live broadcast above her head was the evidence.
Fiona was so angry that she kept huffing and puffing. She had never expected that Lucille was actually capable of getting a medical license in less than ten minutes. She had underestimated her!
"Hmph. Don't celebrate just yet. Sooner or later, you will be in the palm of my hand!"
With that, Fiona led her subordinates away.
After they left, Master Walton suddenly covered his chest and bent down. He seemed to be in al bit of pain.
Lucille held him up and asked, "What's wrong?"
Just as she was about to grab hold of Master Walton's hand to take his pulse, Master Walton raised his head and sobbed, "I feel so ashamed as your disciple, Miss Bambo. When I sat for this exam, I had to take it twice before getting my license." Oh. He wasn't sick. He had just suffered a huge blow to his ego.
Lucille found it amusing.
"I don't know how to comfort you. I can only say that it's because of my talent."
Master Walton clutched at his chest. He felt like he had been stabbed yet again.
She might as well have kept quiet. Those words of comfort were so annoying.
Lucille shook her head and straightened up.noveldrama
"All right, I'm leaving. Call me if you need anything."
Either way, she had already gotten her medical license. Fiona wouldn't be able to use that against her next time.
Just as Lucille was about to leave, she heard a weak voice.
"Miss Jules..."
Lucille turned around to see Owen and Annie helping Hilda out of the ward.
Hilda said in a hoarse voice, "You saved me twice, Miss Jules."
Last time, Lucille had saved Evelyn. Evelyn was Hilda's life, so it was equivalent to saving
Hilda herself.
This time, Lucille had pulled her back from the gates of the afterlife.
How could she explain her gratitude in just a few words?
Hilda stepped forward with red eyes and said, "Miss Jules, if you have anything in the future, I will do anything in my power to help you!"
"It's no big deal. You don't have to go that far." Lucille blinked and smiled faintly. "You haven't recovered from your injury yet. Go back to the ward and rest. I'll get going first."
###With that, Lucille left the hospital.
When she reached the hospital entrance, she coincidentally ran into Charles downstairs.
dverthinking
You're Overthinking
Lucille looked straight forward and pretended not to see anything.
Charles stood in front of her angrily. Like a wasp, he approached her and fiercely thundered, Seems like you still have the conscience to come and visit Dad, Lucy!"
Lucille avoided him and replied, "Sorry, but you're overthinking it."
Was he kidding? As if she was kind-hearted enough to come and visit Howard in the hospital.
Anyone with a brain could figure that out.
However, Charles was certain of his assumption. He grabbed her wrist and said, "You're going the wrong way. The patient wards are over here!
Even though he was useless, he was still quite strong.
Lucille rolled her eyes and broke free from his grasp. "Let me repeat myself. You're overthinking it."
"Lucy, I know you're angry. You're mad because Dad gave Zoey the sapphire jewelry that Mom left for you. I heard from Zoey that you already snatched the necklace away, though. Are you still not satisfied?"
Was she still not satisfied?
Still not satisfied?
Even though it was not her first time hearing such words, it still made her disappointed.
Lucille looked into Charles' eyes and asked with a faint smile, "Am I supposed to be content by giving Zoey everything, then? I really don't understand how you guys' brains work. If you guys are such generous people, why don't you just give everything away instead of constantly taking what's mine?" The original host had truly suffered a lot.
"Also, please tell Zoey to return the set of jewelry as soon as possible. Otherwise, I'll snatch it back regardless."
Lucille cast an icy glance at Charles and turned to leave.
She didn't care about the sapphire jewelry, but it belonged to the original host. She didn't
mind if it was thrown away or destroyed, but she refused to let Zoey taint it.
Lucille got in the car and left.
Charles stood where he was and stamped his feet in anger.noveldrama
After arriving at Howard's ward in the hospital, Charles told him what happened. At the end,
Young Overthinking
he added, "Lucy is really too much. How could I have such an unreasonable sister? As always, Zoey is much better. She's obedient, mature, and kind!"
Hearing this, Howard was so angry that he kept coughing.
Zoey, who was in charge of taking care of him at his bedside, quickly calmed him down and said with concern, "Dad, don't be angry. It's all my fault. If I hadn't taken the jewelry out to show off, Lucille wouldn't have seen it..." "It's not your fault. You can wear whatever 1 give you!"
After a long while, Howard calmed down and grumbled, "That incorrigible daughter of mine will make me die of anger sooner or later!"
He used to be in good health. Clearly, he had only gotten sick because of how angry he had been recently.
Ever since the last time he made a scene in Lucille's school, he was still being scolded on the Internet. After seeing that his face had been made into all kinds of stickers, he got so mad that he ended up hospitalized again. Thinking of that, Charles casually said, "That's just how trends are. Most netizens will just go with the flow. Don't be angry, Dad. It's not like you know them, anyway." "Hmph."
Howard didn't say anything.
Charles scratched his head, and an idea came to his mind. "By the way, I heard that a very popular variety show has decided to film in Shein City. They'll be cooperating with Tech Connex Pavilion to shoot the third episode of their survival show. It's a really popular show.. think Zoey should go and take part!"
"Zoey's so pretty, and I'm sure she'll be well-liked by everyone no matter where she goes. That way, if Zoey gets more fans, there will be lots of people supporting us."
"Then, we won't get insulted by those ignorant netizens if something like this happens again.
The more Charles spoke, the more excited he became. "I really think this is a good idea. Dad, Zoey, what do you think?"
Howard rolled his eyes. Last time, he had sent people to set fire to Tech Connex Pavilion. Not only had he failed, but he even made his stepson take the blame for him. Timothy still had not been released yet!
If he could, he would just make Tech Connex Pavilion shut down. Why bother participating in their variety program?
Zoey's eyes flashed slightly, and she inexplicably felt a little tempted.
Younybverthinkma
She once heard from Samuel that the Gilbert fantly was the sponsor of that show. If she wanted to participate, she could easily become the main guest.
What's more, everyone on the show was a big shot. Pretty much all of them were incredibly popular.
With her skills and looks, it wouldn't be difficult for her to attract the attention of the public!
Enjoy Ad Free Reading>>
Gol
Three Times it a flow
Three Times in a Row
Everyone wanted to be a superstar, after all.
Zoey's heart was full of schemes, but she didn't show it on her face. She revealed a sweet and shy smile and replied, "That makes sense, Charles."
That night....
After leaving the hospital and returning to the Jules family, the first thing Zoey did was call Samuel.
Samuel seemed to be busy doing something, though. She called him three times in a row before he finally picked it up.
At the thought that Samuel was willing to lower himself to become Lucille's servant, Zoey's heart was filled with jealousy. She couldn't hold back her anger for a moment. "Samuel, have you gone looking for Lucille behind my back again?" she asked.
Samuel had been so busy that he barely got the chance to sit down. When he finally freed up two minutes to answer the phone, his face fell instantly. "Did you call me just to question me? It was the first time he had spoken to her in such a cold tone.
Zoey panicked and quickly corrected herself. "I'm sorry, Samuel. Don't be you. I wanted to hear your voice. Don't be mad at me..."
angry. I just miss
In the face of such tenderness, Samuel could not be
angry.
He calmed down and massaged the space between his eyebrows. "I'm at the company. I'll talk to you when I'm done with my work. Be good."
It turned out that he was at the company.
Zoey was relieved. She went on to ask, "Samuel, I want to go participate in a variety show called 'Battle Royale'. Can you tell the director and arrange for me to be a part of it?" Samuel was not only the biggest sponsor of the show, but also an investor.
With just one sentence, she could become the main star of the show, not to mention participate in it.
###In the face of Zoey's coquettish tone, Samuel never refused any of her requests. Thus, he subconsciously replied, "Okay, it's up to you." "Thank you, Samuel!"
Lucille was so happy that she gave him a sweet kiss.
Three Temesina kene
After hanging up the phone, Samuel looked at the pile of documents in front of his desk and threw the pen in his hand away irritably.
That day, all the important collaborations that he had discussed before had been suddenly canceled, and even the two ongoing projects had issues. The huge pile of work he had to do in the company left him busy and exhausted.
He had thought that Zoey would be concerned about him over the phone. Unexpectedly, she only made another request to him.
Samuel shook his head. He pressed a button on the landline in front of him, and the assistant immediately pushed the door open and entered. "What can I do for you, Mr. Samuel?"
An hour later...
Just as she had requested, Zoey was invited onto the show.
In three days, she would join the show as a special guest.
Zoey was full of smiles and ambition.
She was confident that she could climb her way up. She was also certain that she could shine. brightly and be fawned over by tens of thousands of people. She wanted to see how Lucille would compete with her when the time came.noveldrama
Meanwhile, in the Melling family...
That day, Fiona was in a bad mood because she failed to arrest Lucille on the grounds of practicing without a license. Everyone was pissing her off.
When the servant was serving her coffee, she accidentally spilled a bit of it, causing Fiona to immediately give the servant a few beatings. Then she raised her chin and condescendingly ordered, "Kneel on the ground and crawl out!" While injured, the servant knelt on the ground and crawled out bit by bit.
The supervisor of Shein City as well as the patriarch of the Melling family, Hogan, walked in from outside. Seeing the scene in front of him, he ignored the servant on the ground and walked to Fiona. He asked, "Who made you angry?" Fiona didn't say anything, but her expression was one of grievance.
expression was one of grievance.
Hogan sat down on the sofa, pointed at his subordinates, and said, "You guys, tell me.
Doesn't Like Her
His men nodded and bowed, then quickly told him what had happened in the hospital earlier that day.
Hogan was surprised when he heard that. "That was the girl who treated Master Gilbert last time? I couldn't tell. She's young, but she is quite capable."
"Are you praising her, Dad?"
When Fiona heard that, she immediately felt dissatisfied.
Hogan laughed out loud. "Since my precious daughter doesn't like her, I'll come up with a reason to kill her."
He spoke so nonchalantly as if he was the king of the world who didn't care about the death of a tiny ant.
Fiona looked a little better, but she had thought about it before. If it were anyone else, all she had to do was snap her fingers to make someone disappear. However, Lucille was Joseph's fiance.
No matter how powerful the Melling family was, they could not mess with the Collins family.
She didn't have the guts to do something like that behind Joseph's back, either.
Hogan had obviously thought of that as well. He muttered to himself, "Since she's Mr. Joseph's fiance, then we must make a long-term plan. We shouldn't act rashly. It's just a marriage agreement, though. There are lots of ways to abolish it." Hogan joked, "You're a smart girl, Fiona. I'm sure you don't need me to teach you things like this, do you?"
Fiona's eyes glittered as she made up her mind.
"Don't worry, Dad. I have an idea."
Ever since she was young, she had always gotten everything she wanted.
No one could stop her!
She was determined to be the young lady of the Collins family.
The next day...
Fiona brought a lot of gifts and precious medicinal herbs to visit Madam Collins at the Collins Manor.
The two families were close.
Doesn't Like He
Fiona came uninvited The servant went in to inform Madam Collins before letting her in.
After entering, Fiona passed through the long courtyard. Madam Collins was basking in the
sun.
Fiona walked over with a sweet smile. "Grandma I'm here to see you."
"Oh, it's you, Fiona. You've really grown up. You look much more beautiful than before."
Madam Collins grinned. She looked kind and graceful.
Fiona wanted to get closer, so he told someone to set down all the gifts and herbs. She said, Grandma, I know that your legs have been hurting for a while. I specially asked someone to get these herbs. They're good for your legs."
"I'm sorry to make you go through all this trouble, but my leg has recovered. It doesn't hurt at all, aside from the fact that it's a little inconvenient for me to walk."
Madam Collins smiled. She didn't hide anything and even proudly declared, "My granddaughter-in-law cured me. I didn't expect her to be so medically skilled despite her young age!
The smile on Fiona's face froze.
Lucille had even managed to win Madam Collins over in such a short time.
"Haha, that's great." Fiona lowered her eyes to hide the resentment in them.
Madam Collins' expression did not change. She continued to smile and said, "So, I can't even use these herbs. You'd better take them back and let your grandfather have them. I remember that your grandfather got seriously ill last time. I wonder if he's recovered yet." "He's almost fully recovered. Thank you for your concern, Grandma."
Fiona didn't stay for long. She quickly found an excuse to leave.
However, she left all the precious herbs behind.
Madam Collins threw some fish food into the water and slowly muttered, "Get someone to send these things back to the Melling family. Tell them that we appreciate the gesture." "Yes."
The servants behind her immediately went to do so..
Eva pushed Madam Collins' wheelchair and asked, "What was Miss Melling trying to do, Madam Collins?"
When to Back Off
When to Back Off
The Old Madame smiled with an unclear meaning, and her expression was a little cold. "What else could she be trying to do? She's trying to use me to get what she wants. She wanted to see how I acted toward my granddaughter-in-law." Fiona had hidden her feelings very well. She was polite, and she knew when to back off.
Madam Collins wasn't some average person, though.
Fiona's true intentions couldn't be hidden in front of her.
Madam Collins sighed and looked at the fish scrambling to eat in the water. She couldn't help but say, "There's only one thing I'm worried about right now."
###Eva had an idea of what it was. With a grin, she asked, "Is it Mr. Joseph and Miss Lucille's marriage, Madam Collins?" "Yes,"
Madam Collins nodded and continued, "I wish I could drag them to the Civils Affair Bureau and make them get their marriage certificate as soon as possible. Once they have a marriage certificate, it will be much more significant than a simple marriage contract." Eva thought the same.
"That's true."
Madam Collins' eyes lit up as she came up with an idea. "Actually, that might be possible. Get Austin to come over and tell him that I have a difficult task for him!"
Austin loved to play around. When he heard that there was a difficult task for him, he ran over happily.
"Grandma, grandma! What kind of task is it?"
Madam Collins smiled mysteriously and waved at Austin. She beckoned him over and stated, "Go think of a way to get Josh and your sister-in-law drunk. Then, make them put their fingerprints on their marriage certificate." "What?"
Austin widened his eyes. Feeling surprised, he asked, "Isn't Joseph not allowed to drink, though?"
"Things are different now. Josh's health is much better than before. He can handle it!"
Madam Collins was determined to make it happen.
"But, but..." Austin gulped and said with a sad face, "I don't have the guts to get Joseph drunk
If he knew that I was scheming against him, he would beat me to death!"
"Don't worry. I promise Joseph won't hill you If he finds out. In fact, he'll thank you."
"R-Really?" Austin quickly shook his head fervently. "You're lying, Grandma. I don't believe it!"
"Are you saying that you're not going to help me, Austin?"
Madam Collins smiled kindly. She seemed easy to persuade.
Austin gathered up his courage and tentatively asked, "If say no, are you going to hit me, Grandma?" Madam Collins' smile didn't falter. With the kindest expression on her face, she said the cruelest words.
"Yes."
"How many times did you race behind our family's back? Isn't that enough reason to beat your to death?"
Austin knelt down. In a righteous tone, he replied, "Actually, I'm not afraid of getting hit. I'm just worried about you, Grandma. I would do anything for you. What happens to me doesn't matter!" "Good boy."
Madam Collins stroked Austin's head with a smile.
Meanwhile, Eva almost fainted from laughter.
Austin had no power at home.
Then, Madam Collins began to make preparations for the plan.
After a day of special training, A After a day of special training, Austin went to the Jules Residence with a box of wine in his
arms at 9:30 p.m.noveldrama
He sneakily circled the villa. He was so focused that he didn't notice Molly, who had followed him all the way.
He went to the gaming room, and so did Molly.
He went to the home cinema, and so did Molly.
After searching for a while, Austin did not see Joseph and Lucille.
Where were they?
Molly softly asked, "Are you looking for Mr. Joseph and Bobo?"
"Yeah. Are they not at home?" Austin answered subconsciously. Suddenly, he realized that
When Back DI
someone was behind him. He jumped up in fright
Alcohol in His Arms
Molly crossed her arms and asked with a serious fook, "Tell me. Why were you sneaking around?"
"I wasn't. You think too much!" Austin didn't dare to admit it. He shook his head frantically, but his eyes were wandering and he looked particularly guilty.
Molly glanced around and noticed the alcohol in his arms. She grabbed it and excitedly exclaimed, "I love fruit juice! Give it to me!'
"This isn't juice. It's not for you!" Austin wanted to snatch it back, but Molly was so strong that before he could stop her, she violently opened the bottle cap. Gulp.
Molly picked up the bottle and drank most of it in one gulp.
"Hic!"
She burped and smacked her lips. "No, no. This juice tastes so bad."
Austin sucked in a cold breath of air. That was a famous type of alcohol that his older brother loved, which was why he had specially picked it over everything else. Just three shots of it were enough to knock even a cow out. Molly, on the other hand, had drank most of it in one go.
"A-Are you okay?" Austin reached out and waved his hand in front of Molly, wanting to see she was drunk or not.
Molly slapped him away and complained, "Where did this fly come from? Why is it so annoying?"
He was speechless. She was really drunk.
Fortunately, even when she was drunk, Molly didn't end up causing chaos. She was like an obedient child as she slowly helped herself up the stairs.
She went to her own room. After making sure that it was the right one, she locked the door first, then lay down on the bed and fell asleep.
Austin's eyes lit up.
The alcohol was quite effective.
Fortunately, he had come prepared. There was a whole box of the same alcohol.
Austin composed himself and finally found Lucille and Joseph in the training room behind the villa.
The training room was specially made by Joseph. It was incredibly spacious. In addition to some basic training facilities, there was also a separate shooting ground.
Lucille had a strict training routine, but since Joseph was around, she didn't dare to show her true strength. She could only practice her skills with the targets in the shooting range.
She hid her skills the entire time. Occasionally, she would hit the target. Most of the time, though, she would miss completely.
Joseph was in a good mood. He came forward and asked, "Bobo, are you affected because I'm here?"
"Why are you asking when you already know the answer?"
Lucille glared at him. She put down the air gun and was about to turn and leave.
At that moment, Austin poked his head in.
"Hey, Joseph, Lucille, good evening! I stole a few bottles of alcohol from home. I was wondering if you guys wanted to
Before he could finish, he was ruthlessly turned down by Joseph.
"Take it away. We're not drinking," Joseph stated.
"These are all my older brother's favorites. I stole them from his alcohol cabinet. They taste amazing. There's no way you would be able to get this on the market," Austin blurted. Suddenly, he caught a glimpse of a faint smile in Joseph's eyes.
"Tell me the truth. What are you doing here?" Joseph questioned.
His eyes were full of pressure as if he could see through all of Austin's thoughts.
Austin felt miserable.
He knew it was going to be a difficult task. There was nowhere to hide in front of Joseph.
Austin was prepared to leave, but Lucille suddenly opened her mouth and said something to save him.
"I want to have a try."
Austin's eyes lit up.
He ran towards Lucille and called out to her, "Let's go to the garden, Lucille. I've already told the kitchen to make some food. Let's go!"
Lucille smiled and strode out.
Since she was already going, there was no way Joseph wouldn't follow.
No Different
A few minutes later, the three of them sat down at the pavilion in the garden.
Austin opened two bottles in one go, and in an instant, the strong smell of alcohol permeated
the air.
He filled all three cups and pushed two of them to Lucille and Joseph.
The color of the wine was very beautiful, and it looked no different from juice at first glance.
Lucille tasted it and raised her eyebrows. "Not bad."
Of course, the alcohol percentage was quite high as well.
Those who couldn't hold their alcohol would definitely collapse after a single cup.
Austin never expected things to go so smoothly. He kept clinking glasses with them again and again, coming up with a reasonable excuse every time.
Soon, he had finished several glasses of alcohol.
Austin's footsteps were weak, and he began to see double.
###He stood up and raised his voice. "Drink. Let's keep drinking!"
The next second, he fell down with a thud, and instantly began snoring.
Joseph was speechless.
He couldn't bear to look straight at Austin.
Lucille couldn't hold back and burst out laughing. She was usually calm and composed, but her exceptionally calm eyes were now stained with tears. Joseph called some servants over to bring Austin away.
Then, he stopped Lucille from drinking. "Bobo, you're still injured. You're not allowed to drink anymore."
"What's wrong? Are you worried that I'll get drunk like Austin?" Lucille shot him a sidelong. glance, her eyes filled with arrogance and contempt. She snorted softly. "I won't get drunk!"
Back then, she was the God of War in Dilsburg. There was nothing she hadn't experienced. She had participated in all kinds of drinking parties. Even so, no matter how much she drank, she still remained sober and never got drunk.
It was the same this time around. She knew that Austin was trying to get them drunk, but she still walked right into his trap because she was confident that she wouldn't get drunk. Lucille picked up hier glass and took another sip.
However, she forgot that the person who could drink a thousand shots and still remain sober was the God of War of Dilsburg. Right then... she was in the body of the Jules family's abandoned daughter in Shein City.
Her alcohol tolerance wasn't necessarily low, but she did have her limits.
Lucille blinked, and the alcohol finally began to take effect. She looked at Joseph in front of her and asked blankly, "W-Why are there three of you?"
Joseph was stunned for a moment before he began chuckling.
"Bobo, you're drunk."
"Nonsense!" Lucille said fiercely. "I'm not!"
She looked completely different from usual.
It was as if her true nature, which was restrained when she was sober, had been completely released at that moment. Every frown and smile she made was full of energy, unrestrained and free. Compared to before, she was much more dazzling, and her entire body was covered in a radiant light.
Joseph's gaze darkened.
At that moment, Austin, who was lifted up from the ground by a servant, was mumbling vaguely in his sleep.
"I wasn't trying to get you drunk, Joseph. Grandma said that she wanted to Civil Affairs Bureau. I don't have the guts to disobey her..."
ag you t
the
When Joseph heard that, he thought for a while and realized what was going on with the
alcohol.
It turned out that Madam Collins was trying to help him.
With a wave of his hand, the servants immediately carried Austin out.
Everyone else left. Under the moonlight, there were only Joseph and Lucille in the quiet and beautiful pavilion in the garden.
It was as if Lucille had changed into a whole other person after getting drunk.
She narrowed her eyes and approached Joseph. Her entire body was filled with the scent of alcohol as she muttered, "I know you... She was adorable like that.
Joseph's eyes were filled with amusement as he said, "I would hope my fiancee wouldn't forget me after getting drunk."
No Diferent
Lucille did not respond at all. She merely spat ou "I remember you kissing me!"
Do You Like Me
Even though Joseph had always been calm, he was stunned by her words. Finally, he replied, "What are you going to do about it, Bobo?"
"What is there to do? It's just a kiss!" Lucille snorted. She walked up to the wooden railing behind Joseph and asked, "Do you like me?"
Joseph's eyes darkened. He stared into Lucille's eyes for a long time. Even though he knew that she would not remember anything after waking up from her drunken state, he still answered her with a single word. "Yes."
Did he like her?
Yes.
Lucille grabbed his collar and asked aggressively, "Have you made up your mind, then? Anyone who decides to be with me is mine. It won't be easy for you to run away!" "I won't run."
Joseph was suddenly curious about what Lucille was going to do.
To his utter surprise, however, Lucille grabbed his collar and declared in a domineering manner, "Good, then. I'm going to kiss you back!"
Her attitude and tone were like a queen speaking to her lover.
Then, she leaned over and kissed him with her cool and soft lips.
Joseph's heart felt as if it had been violently struck
Since that was the case, he decided to indulge himself.
His eyes were dark and he took the lead.
A few minutes later, Lucille staggered a step back.
She was panting heavily and her footsteps were unsteady. She could not stand properly. In the end, the alcohol went to her head, making her dizzy. Lucille collapsed.
She fell into Joseph's arms.
Joseph chuckled and carried Lucille back to her room.noveldrama
The chefs brought hangover soup over just in time.
Joseph struggled to feed Lucille half of the bowl. Seeing that she was fast asleep and could not cooperate at all, he could only cover her with a blanket and turn to leave the bedroom. Do You Like Me
He couldn't stay any longer.
The next day, Lucille woke up with a headache.
Looking at the time, it was already 11 o'clock in the morning.
Her biological clock had always been punctual, not to mention that she had incredible self-discipline. She had never woken up so late!
Lucille sat up and rubbed her throbbing temples, trying hard to recall what had happened the night before.
Austin had brought a lot of wine, so she drank two glasses in a fit of excitement.
Then...
Lucille smacked her head. After that, she seemed to have gotten drunk!
She could no longer piece her memories together. She could only vaguely remember that she had taken the initiative to kiss Joseph. What had she said?
It was something along the lines of, "Anyone who decides to be with me is mine. It won't be easy for you to run away!" Lucille's eyes widened in shock.
No way. She must have been dreaming.
###How could she have gotten drunk? How could she say something like that to Joseph? Lucille got up from the bed and rushed into the bathroom to wash her face.
After a long while, her face finally cooled down. She opened the door and went out.
When she went downstairs, Madam Dahlia stepped forward and asked, "You drank so much last night, Miss Jules. Do you have a hangover? I made you a cup of honey water. I'll serve it to you right now." Lucille stood rooted to the ground.noveldrama
It seemed that it wasn't a dream...
Did anything even more outrageous happen after that?
Lucille tried to recall, but she couldn't remember anything.
Soon, Madam Dahlia brought the honey water. Lucille took two sips and put it down. She lowered her voice and asked, "Where's Joseph? Is... Is he at home?"
Tasted So Bad
Madam Dahlia replied, "Mr. Joseph went out this morning and hasn't come back yet."
Thank goodness.
Lucille heaved a sigh of relief.
Not long after, Molly came down the stairs in a daze with her bedhead.
She yawned. While rubbing her eyes, she complained, "That juice yesterday tasted so bad, Bobo. I'm thinking that Austin must have poisoned it!" "Yes."
If it weren't for the alcohol Austin brought, she wouldn't have gotten drunk and flirted with Joseph.
Lucille hummed in reply and egged Molly on. "Don't bother being polite the next time you see him, Molly. Beat him up!"
"Okay!"
Molly clenched her fists and nodded seriously
Madam Dahlia didn't know whether to laugh or cry. She went to the kitchen and brought a glass of honey water to Molly, then coaxed her as if she was talking to a child. "This is sweet. If you drink it, your head won't hurt anymore." "Thank you, Madam Dahlia!"
Molly took it and gulped it down in a few mouthfuls.
In the afternoon, Lucille overheard from the servants that Joseph was on his way back Her heart skipped a beat, and the scene from the night before instantly appeared in her mind.
As the breeze blew in the garden pavilion, the arrogant girl had trapped the elegant and noble man between her arms. The thought of it was enough to induce a blush.
Lucille massaged the space between her eyebrows.
If she were to meet him face-to-face, she would basically be publicly humiliating herself.
Therefore, she decided to... run!
She could hide for a while, at least.
Lucille made an excuse, then grabbed her car keys and walked out.
When she started the car, Molly climbed onto the passenger seat with the kitten in her arms
and said happily, "I'm coming with you, Bobo!"
Tasted So Bad
"Okay. Put on your seat belt."
Lucille warned her and then stepped on the accelerator.
The gray sports car roared and passed right by the black luxury car that was about to drive back to the Jules Residence at the intersection. Culver's eyes lit up as he drove. "Mr. Joseph, that's Miss Lucille's car. She-
Before he could finish his words, the gray sports car sped away like an arrow being shot from a bow, leaving only a string of blurry tire marks. "Uh..." Culver was stunned.
In the back seat, Joseph raised his eyebrows. His slender and clean fingers tapped lightly on the armrest, making a crisp sound.
"Turn around and chase after her."
"Yes, Mr. Joseph!"
The gray sports car stopped at the entrance of the hospital.
Lucille got out of the car with Molly.
This time, she had come to see Hilda.
Although Hilda's situation had stabilized the day before, she had just passed the most dangerous period of recovery, so she still had to be careful.
Lucille strode into the hospital with Molly and took the elevator upstairs.
When they arrived at the door of Hilda's ward, they saw an old woman crying.
"Hilda, you and my son are husband and wife. He didn't mean to hurt you!"
"If you can't get over it, fine. I apologize to you on behalf of my son! When this is all over, I will treat you well once you get remarried!"
"Hilda, I'm begging you. If you don't agree, I have no choice but to end my life."
The old woman's throat was hard at work as she screamed with great effort.
The scene she was causing made many people around them point and talk about it.
Molly held the little cat in her arms. She wanted to cover her ears but couldn't. She pouted and complained, "What is this person doing, Bobo? She's so noisy." Having a Daughter
Lucille plainly replied, "She's putting on a disgusting act, obviously."
At the start, Hilda's mother-in-law was frustrated with Hilda for having a daughter, so she encouraged her son to cheat on Hilda and get the mistress pregnant.
After finding out, Hilda left her house with her daughter, who was a few months old. She worked hard on her own and used her own strength to fight for tens of millions of dollars worth of property. Then, drama began to happen.
###After Hilda became a famous independent woman in Shein City, her ex-husband's family began to shamelessly use Evelyn as an excuse to take advantage of their familial ties. They guilt-tripped her and blackmailed her for money. Last time, Hilda didn't give them any money and ignored them. In the end, her four or five year-old daughter, Evelyn, was infected by a vermin that Hilda's ex-mother-in-law had planted in her and almost died.
This time, Hilda chose to call the police. However, her ex-husband retaliated and almost stabbed her to death on the spot.
Tsk.
Following the loud scream, the security guards of the hospital arrived.
However, they couldn't stop the old woman from making a scene, and the security guards
were at a loss.
Lucille scratched her ears and muttered, "Molly, throw that old hag out.
"Okay!"
Molly had been longing to do that.
Upon hearing those words, she stepped forward in an imposing manner. She lifted the old woman up with one hand.
The passers-by and the security guards around were all stunned.
They had never seen anything like that.
A young girl with a cute yellow duck bag on her back held a harmless little cat in one hand and the old woman in the other, who kept struggling in mid-air.
She walked out easily without any resistance.
It was a real hammer, the beautiful girl's strength!
Hard & Daughter
Peace finally returned to the entrance of the ward
When Lucille stepped into Hilda's ward, she saw Evelyn tightly holding Hilda's arm by the bedside. Her eyes were red. It was obvious that what happened earlier had frightened the child.
The tense atmosphere eased a little when Lucille entered.
"Miss Johnson, you helped me again."
Hilda spoke with red eyes.
Although she hadn't gone out earlier, she could tell from the noise that the security guards couldn't do anything to the wicked old woman. Lucille must have helped her and gotten the old woman taken away.noveldrama
Lucille shook her head. She sat on the other side of the bed and took Hilda's pulse.
"Your pulse seems okay. After this, you'll need to take a long time to recuperate and recover."
Lucille got a pen and paper from beside her. While scribbling on it, she explained, "I'm giving you another prescription, Hilda. After you leave the hospital, get the medicine I've listed and take it. Don't work every day, or you'll get sick easily." "Okay." Hilda wiped the tears from the comers of her eyes and suddenly asked, "Miss Johnson, don't you think I'm useless?"
If sh
she had been more ruthless before, she would not have ended up getting taken advantage of time and time again by those evil people.
Lucille looked up and asked, "What are you going to do next?"
"I'll make sure they never have the chance to harass me and my child again!" Hilda declared.
""That's more like it."
Lucille believed that Hilda was the type to keep her word.
From then on, the mother-and-daughter pair would be reborn.
Lucille handed over the prescription and said with a smile, "Hilda, take care of yourself. I'll get going."
Just as Lucille was about to walk out of the ward, Hilda's eyes watered and she shouted solemnly, "Miss Johnson, my offer from last time will always be valid. From now on, I will do whatever you say, Miss Jules! I will never betray you!" Lucille did not turn her head. She merely replied with a single word.
"Okay."
She left the ward and took the elevator to the lobby on the first floor.
She had no idea where the old woman went after Molly threw her out. Did she get lost?
Lucille was about to make a phone call to ask about the situation when she heard a commotion
not far away.
###None of Them
There were screams and sounds of fighting.
Lucille followed the voice and saw Molly surrounded by several men in uniforms.
Those people seemed to want to attack Molly, but none of them could defeat her. Every time one of them stepped forward, she would beat them up.
Lucille quickly approached them.
"What's going on?
When Molly saw her, it was as if she had seen her saving grace.
"Bobo!" Molly dashed in front of Lucille, raised her hand, and pointed at the men in uniforms around her. She complained, "These people are too much! There was an old man who was walking kind of slowly. They thought that I was in the way, so they pushed me! I couldn't just stand there and take it, so..."
Molly's voice became smaller and smaller. "So I asked them to bring it on and started fighting
them..."
The little cat let out a meow right then. It raised its delicate little claws as if it was trying to
earn some praise.
Lucille looked at the ground and saw a white-haired old man who had obviously suffered a heavy fall. He was sitting on the ground with a dull expression and empty eyes.
His cognitive abilities had probably deteriorated due to his gae.
The men in uniforms in front of him did not feel the slightest bit guilty. Instead, they arrogantly pointed at the symbol on their bodies and asked, "You two nosey girls, do you know who we are? We're the supervisor's subordinates!" Supervisor?
Did he mean Fiona's father?
Hogan Melling, the patriarch of the Melling family?
Lucille scratched her head and patted Molly's shoulder to comfort her. "You've done a great
job. The only problem is that you went too easy on them."
Hearing this, Molly's eyes lit up. "Should I go again, Bobo?" "Yes."
Lucille silently allowed it.
Since Molly had already started it, those subordinates probably wouldn't let them go.
What was there to be afraid of, then? They might as well deal with it after they were done beating thenoveldrama
guards up.
Molly was so excited that she immediately shoved the kitten into Lucille's arms.
At the same time, the group of people who claimed to be the supervisor's subordinates picked
up
the sticks behind them and were about to pounce on Lucille and Molly.
The people on the sidelines were so terrified that they began to back up.
At that moment, everyone heard a voice that was full of momentum.
"Is this a rebellion?"
The man raised his head and strode forward aggressively.
It was the powerful supervisor, Hogan!
Hogan glanced at his men, who all stopped and put away the weapons in their hands immediately. They nodded, bowed, and said in a flattering tone, "You're here, Mr. Melling." Hogan completely ignored them. His sharp and sinister gaze landed on Lucille. It had to be said Hogan's high position could be felt in his powerful, strong aura. The sense of oppression in his eyes suddenly surfaced, and the onlookers couldn't help shivering.
Lucille, who was being stared at by those eyes, remained calm and composed.
If one looked carefully, there was a hint of mockery in the girl's clear eyes.
In terms of aura, she didn't lose in the slightest. The invisible killing intent around her was enough to make people's hearts palpitate.
Hogan was stunned and a little surprised.
He didn't expect that despite how young and ignorant she looked, she didn't show any fear when he stared at her like this.
What Did It Matter
She was pretty good at acting.
However, what Hogan did not know was that even the highest-ranking men in Dilsburg had to bow down to Lucille, let alone a supervisor like him.
What did it matter if he was the supervisor?
Lucille's eyes were indifferent and filled with disdain.
As they were in a stalemate, Hogan took the initiative to say, "Since you're Mr. Joseph's fiancee, I won't argue with you, but I will take away the cat in your arms and that young girl beside you!"
"Oh?" Lucille gave him a half-smile. "How can you convict someone without a proper reason, Mr. Melling?"
"A reason? Isn't my witness account reason enough? You hurt my subordinates. According to the law, you should be detained!"
Hogan's words were righteous.
Lucille finally understood. Hogan and Fiona were indeed father and daughter. They shared the same roots and even had the same ability to bully others.
In short, true justice didn't matter. A single word was enough for them to draw a conclusion.
Lucille glanced at the surveillance camera above her head, as well as the old man with a blank face who was obviously struck dumb. She coldly stated, "I would like to ask something. Are the supervisor's subordinates allowed to disregard the law and casually push down an old man who is over eighty years old?
"Everyone around here saw it. Even if they didn't, there's a camera above our heads that can, tell us the true story."
"Or are you saying that anymore who holds the title of supervisor is allowed to ignore the law and do whatever they want? Is it okay for them to bully and take advantage of the weak?"
Lucille looked at Hogan and spoke word by word, refusing to give in.
Complaints were beginning to bubble in the crowd.
###At first, they didn't dare to say anything. However, when a single passerby stepped forward, the rest of the people were also filled with indignation and spoke out in unison! "I'm a witness, Mr. Melling. I saw your supervisors push down that old man with my own eyes! After they pushed him down, they even called him a bad omen!"noveldrama
"I'm a witness too, Mr. Melling. I saw it with my own eyes! All of us have grandparents, don't
What at Matter
we? Not to mention, all of us will grow old at some point. Why does he have to suffer for no
reason?"
"The old man is right here. Fortunately, the girl helped him up when he fell down. Otherwise, the old man's head would have hit the ground. He might have died!"
"Please pursue justice, Mr. Melling. Don't disappoint us citizens."
Countless voices could be heard all around.
If a single person was too weak, what about two people or even a whole group?
If a single person's voice could be drowned out, what about a group of people? Hogan frowned.
He did not expect that the bunch of fools under his command would be caught like that. He did not expect that Lucille would be able to incite the people around her to side with her using just a few words. He had underestimated her.
"Everyone, quiet down!" Hogan cleared his throat and stated in a deep voice, "My men didn't intend to push down the old man. At the time, they were carrying out orders to capture a prisoner to protect everyone. Please understand! As expected of a cunning old fox who had been in power for a long time.
A simple sentence could turn the tide.
The most important thing was that it was a reasonable explanation. It was impossible to find a flaw in his statement.
Lucille sneered.
hurt my subordinates
Hogan continued, "I will definitely be stricter with my subordinates' actions in the future. Something like this will never happen again. Either way, though, if you who are on a mission, you will be punished!"
After that, Hogan waved his hand and ordered, "Go and catch that girl and the cat for me!"
Those men who had just been beaten up immediately surrounded Molly.
Meanwhile, there were also people who wanted to lay their hands on the kitten in Lucille's hands.
Drove day
Drove Away
The subordinates' true natures were all exposed.
It seemed that it was different when they had someone backing them up,
With this excuse, Hogan drove away all the onlookers.
No one could stand up for them.
Hogan smiled and said with contempt, "No one can help you now, little girl."
There was no way Lucille was going to let them take Molly away. Her eyes darkened and she
was about to strike.
At that moment, an amused voice was heard coming from the hall.
"What an imposing supervisor!"
The man walked over casually. He was graceful and noble in every move. His eyes were full of smiles, but they were actually cold and aggressive. His body was covered in cold and heavy hostility, and the whole empty hall was filled with haze instantly.. Hogan was shocked and subconsciously exclaimed, "M-Mr. Joseph!"
Joseph gave him a faint grin. Under his gaze, the men who were about to pounce on Lucille and Molly retreated in horror. A chill ran up their spine from the bottom of their feet.
The invisible sense of oppression was overwhelming.
His superior aura made one's heart palpitate and sent shivers down one's spine.
Joseph glanced at Hogan and muttered, "Who are you trying to arrest, Mr. Melling? Hm?"
That hum felt like a mountain of pressure slamming down on Hogan.
Hogan's legs trembled. He had to try his best to stand firm so that he didn't fall to his knees,
as too to
It
He already knew that the Joseph of the Collins family was definitely not a person to be trifled with. The people under his command were all extraordinary, and even their origins could not -be figured out.
Someone who could keep secrets so well definitely had a more complicated identity than just being the young master of the Collins family.
On top of that, Hogan could tell that the rumor of Joseph passing away due to poor health seemed to be fake.
His aura was so strong, and his skills were absolutely unfathomable. How could he be a sickly
patient who could be knocked down by the wind?
Hogan was shocked. Under this kind of pressure, he braced himself and replied, "Mr. Joseph, you misunderstood me. In the situation earlier there were a lot of people watching. It's not easy for me to resolve this, so I decided to put on a fake act to make people stay quiet."
""Is that so?"
Joseph had a subtle smile on his face. He casually responded, "Your subordinates look pretty excited, though. They seem to be pretty good at acting. What are you going to do about that?"
"I will teach them a lesson!"
As Hogan spoke, he turned around and gave the man who had tried to attack Lucille a hard kick.
The man was hit so hard that he coughed up blood.
Lucille's brows did not even twitch. She even wanted to sigh. Hogan was certainly good at adapting. How could he be so good at changing based on the circumstances?
Joseph glanced at them and spoke again, his tone still cold.
"That's enough. I'm not in the mood to see how you discipline your subordinates, Mr. Melling.
When he called Hogan "Mr. Melling", there was not a trace of politeness in his tone. Instead, his words were full of sarcasm.
Hogan left with his subordinates.
Without those eyesores around, the place looked a lot brighter.
Joseph turned around and looked at Lucille with his deep, amorous eyes. "Should we go home, Bobo?"
"Sure." After Lucille said that, she corrected herself and said, "You can go back. I drove here.
Joseph glanced at Culver, who immediately said, "I'll drive your car home, Miss Lucille. Since Miss Molly is here as well, I'll send her back with me."
The moment Molly heard Culver calling her name, she followed him in a daze. As she walked, she waved at Lucille. "Bye, Bobo!"
Lucille was speechless.
Did she really have to be so obedient?
Lucille did not want to be alone with Joseph. The more isolated they were, the more she would think of the embarrassing incident from the night before. Thus, she said, "I'm heading back too." Unexpectedly, her sleeve was grabbed the moment she spun around.
Drove Away.
Before Lucille could turn her head, she heard Joseph's voice, which was filled with resentment.
"Bobo, are you trying to shirk your responsibility by abandoning me after starting this chaos?
The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!
