###Chapter 1 Seduced by Wife's Best Friend


In the evening, at the Thomas family mansion.

Ethan Wilson was kneeling on the ground, cleaning the floor.


Although Ethan was the husband of the Thomas family's daughter, Sharon Thomas, he was doing dirty work like a servant, looking quite miserable.


A sexy beauty, wearing a micro-mini skirt and showing off her long, fair legs, walked towards Ethan with a mischievous grin on her face.


This woman was Flora Smith, the best friend of Ethan's wife, Sharon, who was visiting their home today.

Flora was a famous runway model, not only well-endowed but also with a very curvy figure, long legs,incredibly sexy and charming.


She had dated many wealthy young men, and her romantic experiences were quite rich.

With her long legs, Flora walked up to Ethan.


As Flora was wearing a very short skirt and Ethan was kneeling on the ground, he lifted his head and happened to see her underwear!


He almost had a nosebleed.

White underwear!

Flora's underwear was lacy and semi-transparent!


Ethan could even see her pubic hair and private parts through the semi-transparent lace underwear!

Flora demanded, "What are you looking at?" Ethan quickly averted his gaze and said. "Nothing."


Flora said to Ethan in a commanding tone, "Ethan, stop cleaning the floor for now and come with me. I need your help!”


"Alright!" Ethan immediately stopped cleaning the floor and followed Flora.


Flora and Sharon's relationship was particularly good, so Ethan dared not offend Flora and could only obey her.


Flora led Ethan to the bedroom and then said to him,""Ihave a pimple on my back, can you help me apply some ointment?"


As soon as they entered the room, Flora grabbed Ethan's arm and pulled him onto the bed.


Ethan was happy to help with this small favor.


But soon, he realized something was wrong because as soon as he got on the bed, she hugged him!


Whispering in his ear, Flora seductively said, "You've been married to Sharon for three years and haven't had sex with her. You must be desperate, right? I'm feeling horny, do you want to have sex with me?"


Ethan was stunned!


Flora was trying to seduce him!


However, one thing Flora said was true: he had been married to Sharon for three years without any intimate relations, and he was indeed eager for physical intimacy.


But he was a principled person; he wouldn't cheat with his wife's best friend!

Just as Ethan was about to push Flora away, the bedroom door suddenly swung open!

Sharon walked in, saw Ethan and Flora hugging, and immediately got angry. She started filming with her phone and sternly shouted. "Ethan,you scumbag! How dare you cheat with my best friendf"

Ethan hurriedly got up to explain, "Honey, it's not what you think. We weren't cheating. Flora, please explain to my wife!"


However. Flora suddenly changed her tune and pretended to be innocent, saying to Sharon."Sharon,your husband is a beast. He lured me into the bedroom and tried to rape me!"


Ethan widened his eyes, looking at Flora in disbelief, "Flora, you're lying. It was you wwho lured me into the bedroom and hugged me, wanting to have sex with me!"


Before Ethan could finish speaking. Sharon stepped forward, slapped him hard, and said. "The liat here is you! Flora is not the person you described. How dare you slander my best friend!"

Ethan,holding his face, felt very heartbroken.


His wife, Sharon, didn't believe him!


Flora, seeing Ethan being slapped, had a hint of a smug smile on her face.

Sharon and Flora exchanged a glance, a knowing look passing between them.


Sharon and Flora had conspired in advance!

Sharon wanted to divorce Ethan but didn't want to give him any of her assets. Soshe had Flora seduce Ethan to catch him in the act of infidelity on video, ensuring that Ethan would leave with nothing!


Flora looked at Ethan and said, "Ethan, because you cheated in the marriage, I want a divorce,leaving you with nothing!"


Ethan,seeing Sharon and Flora exchanging glances, suddenly realized something.

These two women had clearly conspired in advance!
They were teaming up to frame him for infidelity in the matriage, alf to leave him with nothing!

Realizing this. Ethan felt deeply disappoointed in his wife. Sharon.


He had been very good to Sharon, working tirelessly like a servant to take care of her.


He never expected that Sharon would resort to such despicable means to falsely accuse him of infidelity and leave him with nothing!


It was truly a case of biting the hand that feeds youl

Ethan looked at Sharon with a face full of disappointment, saying,"If you want a divorce and want me to leave with nothing, just say so. There's no need to resort to such despicable means to accuse me of infidelity!"


"Sharon, I've had enough of you! I will do as you wish. Tomorrow, I will go and file for divorce,and rest assured, I won't take a penny from the house!"


With that, Ethan turned around and prepared to leave.


Sharon was somewhat surprised; she had thought Ethan wouldn't agree to the divorce so easily and would continue to entangle her.


But she hadn't expected Ethan to agree to the divorce so readily and without asking for any money!


What Sharon didn't know was that Ethan was not lacking in money at all.

Ethan was actually a wealthy heir!


His family had assets worth billions of dollars!


Three years ago, Ethan had been ostracized by his family members and sent to Lindwood City to manage a company called the Cloud Group, where he became the chairman.


By a stroke of luck, Ethan got lost on the streets and met Sharon, who kindly helped him. Ethan was very grateful to Sharon and fell in love with het at first sight.

Since then, the two fell in love and got married.

Through his excellent management skills. Ethan had developed the Cloud Group. a small company at the time, into a billion-dollar enterprise in just three years!


However. be had been keeping his identity a secret and hadn't told Sharon about it because he was afraid she would be intimidated by his status. He just wanted to be with Sharon as an ordinary person.


Among the Thomas family members, only Sharon's father knew Ethan's true identity, bout unfortunately.Sharon's father had passed away.


So. neither Sharon nor SharonI's mother, Gabriella, knew Ethan's true identity.


To help Sharon, Ethan had the Cloud Group company collaborate with Sharon's company, bringing significant benefits to Sharon's company.


Sharon had no idea that her company's collaboration with a big company like the Cloud Group was all thanks to Ethan's help behind the scenes!


Sharon treated Ethan as a good-for-nothing and looked down on him.

Gabriella looked down on him even more and often humiliated him.


Originally, Ethan had planned to find the right time to reveal his true identity to Sharon and transfer half of the Cloud Group company's shares to her.


With those shares, Sharon would immediately become a billionaire!

But today, Sharon and Flora conspired to frame him and leave him with nothing!

Ethan was deeply disappoïnted in Sharon! He declded to change his mind!

Just as Ethan was about to leave, Gabrieila appeared and blocked his way!

Gabriella was a money-minded person and very harsh.

She saíd to Ethan coldly. "Do you want to leave just like that? You still owe us, frst pay up before you can leave!


He was very puzzled. "When did I owe you money?"

Gabriella saíd coldly, "You've been eating and living in our house for three years; you owe as a food bill. You have to pay us before you can leave!"


He was very angry.

He had helped Sharon's company behind the scenes, making a lot of money for Sharon!


Not only that, for three years, he had served Sharon and Gabriella like a servant, without asking for a penny.


And now, these two women not only wanted to leave him with nothing but also demanded money from him!

It was truly despicable!


Ethan said angrily, "Money! Money! ! All you care about is money, you love money, right? Fine, I'll give it to you!"


Ethan, in anger, went to his bedroom and took out a gift box.

In front of Sharon and Gabriella, Ethan opened the gift box.


Inside the box were many sparkling pieces of jewelry!

Ethan looked at Sharon, saying, "Sharon, these are gifts I prepared for you!" He introduced."This bracelet is worth one hundred thousand dollats!"


"This ring was designed by an internationally renowned designer, worth two hundred thousand dotars!

"And thís necklace, I bought it at á high price from a foreign collector, worth five hundred thousand dollars!"


--.

There were seven or eight pieces of jewelry in the gift box, totaling five to six million dollars!

These were gifts Ethan had prepared for Sharon, originally intended to be given to her.

Unexpectedly, now they were being used to settle a debt.


Ethan said, "These pieces of jewelry are worth five to six million dollars. I'll give them to you, and then I won't owe you anything!"


Sharon and Gabriella were both stunned.
###Chapter 2 Sharon doesn't Want to Make Love with You,I Do!


Were these pieces of jewelry worth five to six million dollars?

Was it true or fake?

Gabriella quickly made a judgment; she said to Ethan, "You're lying! How could a poor guy like you have such valuable jewelry?"


"So. these pieces of jewelry must all be fake!" Gabriella asserted.

Sharon looked at Ethan angrily. "You're using fake items to deceive us!"

Sharon,despite being Ethan's wife, never believed his words, which left Ethan feeling very disheartened.

Instead of explaining, Ethan said angrily, "If you think these pieces of jewelry are fake,then just throw them away!"


"Tomorrow, we'll go through with the divorce!"

With that, Ethan left the Thomas family mansion without looking back.


Watching Ethan leave, Sharon felt a mix of emotions.

She had wanted to divorce Ethan, but now that he had readily agreed, she felt a hint of regret.

After all, he had been very good to her over the years.


Apart from being poor, he seemed to have no other faults.


Meanwhile,Gabriellawas very pleased. She said to Sharon, "Sharon, after you complete the divorce proceedings tomorrow, I'll arrange for you to meet several wealthy heirs! They are all richer than Ethan,and marrying them will surely make you happier than being with Ethan!" "If you can marry into a wealthy family. I can also benefit and become a wealthy lady too."

Sharon remained silent, but in reality, she already had someone she liked.

The person she liked was the chairman of the Cloud Group!


Although she had never met this mysterious chairman, she had heard that the chairman of the Cloud Group was very capable, having developed the company into a large enterprise in just a few years!


A man with such capabilities,who wouldn't love him?

The reason she was divorcing Ethan had a lot to do with her falling for the mysteríous chairman of the Cloud Group.


Compared to the chairman of the Cloud Group, Ethan was simply a waste and not worthy of her!

Sharon had no idea that the chairman of the Cloud Group she admired was actually Ethan!

At this moment, Ethan had already left the Thomas family villa.

It started to drizzle in the sky.

The rain fell on Ethan, making him look quite disheveled.

At this moment, a Porsche stopped by the roadside, a beautiful woman got out of the car, holding an umbrella, and hurried to Ethan's side to shelter him.


She had a very attractive face, a great figure, wearing high heels and stockings, not only sexy but also exuding a noble temperament.


Whether it was Flora or Sharon, neither of them was as beautiful as she.

Her name is Ella Davis, she was Sharon's cousin, and also a movie star signed by Ethan's company, the Cloud Group. Ella was originally just a small actress, but because she was Sharon's cousin. Ethan directly made Ela the leading actress out of respect for Sharon. and she starred ín several movies.


This directly caused Ella's popularity to soar, becoming the rising star of the flm industry!

So Ella was very grateful to Ethan.

But Sharon was unaware of this, and Ethan did not allow Ella to tell Sharon.

Ella saw Ethan looking sad and asked, "How did you come out on a rainy day? Did Sharon trouble you again?"


Ethan smiled bitterly. "Sharon wants to divorce me and leave me with nothing!"

Ella was angry. "That was so cruel! I'll go talk to Sharon! If Sharon knows you are the chairman of the Cloud Group,she will definitely apologize to you!"


Ethan stopped Ella and said, "If Sharon apologizes to me only because I am the chairman of the Cloud Group, then what's the point of our marriage?"


Ella nodded, indeed, if Sharon only changed her mind after knowing Ethan's identity, then it can only be said that Sharon liked Ethan's status, not Ethan himself.


Ethan said with some sadness, "I have agreed to Sharon's wishes and agreed to divorce her!"

Ella comforted. "Mr. Wilson, don't be too sad, this is not your fault, Sharon is in the wrong, she doesn't know how to appreciate your goodness."


"I'll accompany you to have a drink, alcohol can numb the pain, after drinking and sleeping, forget about Sharon,you will definitely meet a better womanr than Sharon!" Ella invited Ethan to drink.

Ethan nodded and followed Ella.

Ella opened a presidential suite at the nearby Cloud Group hotel. This Cloud Group hotel is an industry under the Cloud Group, which is Ethan's Industry.

Ella took Ethan to the presidential suite, ordered a few bottles of red wine, and sat by the window in the presidential suite to drink.


Soon, the two of them entered a slightly tipsy state.

Ella's face turned slightly red, and she appeared more charming and attractive.

Under the infuence of alcohol, she became bolder, approached Ethan, and said shyly, "Ethan, I have actually liked you for a long time..."


Ethan was not surprised because he had long noticed that Ella liked him.

But in the past, he was already married to Sharon, and he was a man loyal to marriage, he would never cheat within marriage.


But now...

Ella approached Ethan, kissed him on the forehead, and then threw herself into Ethan's arms, saying coyly."Ethan, Sharon doesn't like you, I like you! She doesn't want to make love with you, I do..."


Meanwhile, a helicopter landed on the rooftop of the Cloud Mansion a few hundred meters away.

A woman dressed in fiery red leather, with a hot figure, got off the helicopter, looking particularly eye-catching in the night.


An old man with white hair walked up to Beverly Wilson and said,"Ms. Beverly, your orders have been conveyed, I will keep your itinerary confidential and not let anyone know of your arrival."


The white-haired old man's name was Jayden Wilson, he was the vice president of the Cloud Group,Ethan's right-hand man.


Behind Jayden, there were a dozen bodyguards in suits, tall and fierce-looking, like fierce warriors! Jayden held a high position in the Cloud Group, respected by all.but at this moment, he showed particular respect to Beverly.


Because Beverly was a member of the Wilson family, she and Ethan were from the same family,named Beverly Wilson!


Under Jayden's guidance, Beverly arrived at the chairman's office of the Cloud Group.


Beverly directly sat in the chairman's seat and asked Jayden, "How often does Ethan come to the company?"

Jayden replied, "Mr. Wilson usually comes to the company once a month, and I usually communicate with him about company affairs over the phone."


Beverly said, "He only comes to the company once a month, this chairman is quite relaxed!"

Jayden hurriedly explained, "I usually communicate with Mr. Wilson over the phone about company matters,so even if he doesn't come to the company, he can still handle company affairs."


"And, the Cloud Group was originally a very small company, but it has developed into a billion-dollar enterprise now, all thanks to Mr. Wilson!"


Beverly was surprised, she didn't expect Jayden's abilities to be so strong.

After the surprise, a smile appeared on Beverly's lips.


It seemed that there was a reason why the family chose Ethan as the heir.

"Where is Ethan now?" Beverly asked.

"Mr. Wilson should be at the Thomas family, with his wife Sharon!" Jayden replied.


Beverly was very surprised. "Ethan is married! When did this happen?"

Jayden said, "That wasthree years ago, Master became the son-in-law of theThomas family!" Boverly was shocked. "Son-in-law? The heir of the WNuson family actually became a son-in-law!"


Beverly instructed Jayden. "Jayden. investigate how the Thomas family has treated Echan over the years. If they have mistreated him or caused him any grievances. I will make them pay!"


The next morning, at the Cloud Group hotel, in the presidential suite.


Ella woke up to find that Ethan was nowhere to be seen.

Lookinng at her neatly dressed self in the mirror, Ella smiled bitterly with a sense of loss.


Ethan did not make love with Ella last night.


Because Ethan had not yet completed the divorce proceedings with Sharon, making love with Ella in this situation would be considered infidelity.


Although Sharon no longer loved him, he could not give up on himself!


Although Ella was somewhat disappointed, she could also understand Ethan.


Being faithful to love, such a man was a truly good man!


Ella knew that Ethan must have gone to handle the divorce proceedings with Sharon!


So she quickly freshened up and left the presidential suite.


She had to find Ethan!


Sharon didn't love Ethan, she loved Ethan!


Sharon didn't want Ethan, she did!


Meanwhile, Ethan had already completed the divorce proceedings with Sharon, and they officially divorced. The three-year marriage ended in failure, and Ethan's heatt was heavy.

But besides the heaviness. Ethan also felt a sense of relief.

After all, he was finally free!

He no longer had to be the despised son-in-law!

They walked ona the street, both silent, without speaking.


They reached an intersection.

Ethan spoke first, saying, "Sharon, I'm leaving, take care of yourself."

But Sharon suddenly stood in front of Ethan. "Don't you have anything else to say to me?"


In Sharon's original plan, Ethan should cry and beg her not to divorce, showing a very reluctant appearance.


But Sharon never expected that Ethan would be so indifferent.

This made Sharon feel a bit uncomfortable, she had to ask clearly.


Ethan looked at Sharon and said, "We are already divorced, what else is there to say? In the future, let's not bother each other, and live our own lives well!"


Sharon said angrily, "Ethan, you are too heartless!"


Before Ethan could respond, a voice suddenly rang out, "It's you who are heartless!"

As the voice fell, a beautiful woman appeared by Ethan's side and took his arm.

This woman was none other than Ella!
###Chapter 3 Instant Bankruptcy


"Ella?"

Sharon looked at Ella in astonishment.

Ella was not only her cousin but also her friend.

Sharon actually admired Ella a lot. After all, Ella was not only beautiful but also a movie star.


But Sharon never expected that just after her divorce from Ethan, Ella would be holding Ethan's arm. looking very intimate with him.


Sharon suddenly felt betrayed.

Had Ethan and Ella been involved all along?


Sharon questioned Ethan angrily, "Ethan, what is going on? You must give me an explanation!"

Ethan was also at a loss for words. There was nothing going on between him and Ella!


Ella spoke up for Ethan, "There's nothing to explain. You are already divorced from Ethan, so you have no relationship with him anymore! And I, I want to pursue Ethan!"


Sharon was shocked.

She could hardly believe her ears!

Ella was actually pursuing a man she looked down upon!


Why?

Sharon couldn't understand! At this moment, many passersby had already noticed Ella and gathered around.

After all, Ella was a movie star!

Seeing a movie star on the street was a rare occurrence.

Moreover, Ella was a goddess in the eyes of many young men!

When these young men saw Ella,they were very excited.

However, when they heard Ella say she wanted to pursue Ethan, they found it very hard to accept.

"What! My goddess wants to pursue this loser? I can't accept it!"

"This must be a movie shoot! Quickly, find out where the cameraman is!"

Ella's words caused a stir in the crowd.


Ella didn't care, Ethan was the most outstanding man in her eyes, and Sharon dared to look down on Ethan and often bully him, she needed to help Ethan save face!


After a brief shock, Sharon finally came to her senses.

She realized that someone as outstanding as Ella could not possibly like a loser like Ethan.


Ella must be filming a reality show!


Although she didn't see any cameras or cameramen around, she was sure that the cameras and cameramen must be hidden in the crowd!


Sharon was angry because if it was really a reality show, then the role she was playing at the moment must be that of a bad woman who abandoned her husband!


So Sharon covered her face,panicked, and ran away. Before leaving, she didn't forget to say harsh words to them, "EHa, I mrisjudged you. I didn't expect you co make a fool of me in front of the camera!"


"And you! Ethan, you conspired with Ella to make a fool of me! You are a despicable person, Tm glad Esaw through your true colors and divorced you!"


Before Ethan could explain. Sharon had already run far away.

Ethan shook his head and couldn't be bothered to explain to Sharon.

That was it, he had already divorced Sharon!

One hour later, Ethan arrived at the Chairman's office of the Cloud Group.

Jayden was the Vice President of the Cloud Group and also Ethan's right-hand man, so he folowed Ethan to the office.


"Has anyone been in my office?" Ethan frowned and asked.


He used to come back once a month, and during the rest of the time, no one else from the Cloud Group was allowed to enter, but now he found signs of movement in the furniture and objects.

Obviously,someone had been in!

Jayden wiped his sweat and explained, "I had the janitor come in for cleaning."

Beverly had instructed Jayden to keep her schedule confidential, so Jayden had to help cover up.

Ethan nodded, not suspecting anything. He then took out a plan and said to Jayden, "Sell off all the projects in the group! I want to take the company out of Lindwood City."


Ethan had stayed in Lindwood City for Sharon, but now that he had divorced her, there was nothing worth staying for in Lindwood City. He wanted to take the Cloud Group to a bigger city for development!

"Leave Lindwood City?"Jayden was surprised.

In recent years, the Cloud Group had been growing rapidly in Lindwood City, with revenue and profits increasing every year. Why would they suddenly retreat at the peak of their success?


Although he was very puzzled. Jayden didn't dare to ask too many questions and could only obey Ethan's decision.


However,Jayden also asked Ethan a question,"Mr. Wilson, what about Ms. Sharon? Are you taking her with you?"


"I have already divorced Sharon, she is no longer my wife!"

Jayden felt sorry for Ethan.


Because he knew that Ethan not only took care of Sharon in every way but also did many things for her in secret.


For example, Sharon's company, The Listening advertising agency, originally had no qualifications to cooperate with their Cloud Group, but Ethan secretly helped Sharon and the two companies reached a cooperation agreement.


And in the cooperation, Sharon's The Listening advertising agency did not fulfill the obligations stipulated in the contract, but Ethan was generous and did not hold Sharon accountable...


Sharon didn't know how to appreciate the kindness of Ethan!


If Sharon knew the true identity of Ethan, she would definitely regret it!


Jayden asked Ethan, "Mr. Wilson, since you have divorced Sharon,should we cancel the five-phase contract with Sharon's The Listening advertising company?" "No, let's keep it." Ethan shook his head.

Ethan was a man of great loyalty, after all, he had been matried to Sharon for three years, even though they were no longer together, he still wanted to help Sharon in the end.


After that, he took out a share transfer agreement from the drawer.


This share transfer agreement was originally prepared for Sharon, as he had intended to fransfer half of the Cloud Group's shares to her.


But now that they were divorced, the agreement was naturally void.

He tore up the share transfer agreement and threw it into the trash can.

Let the past be the past!

If Sharon knew she had missed out on a multi-billion dollar share transfer agreement, she would definitely regret it!


Jayden left the Chairman's office and returned to his own office.

Later,he called Beverly and informed her of Ethan's divorce.

Jayden also mentioned how Sharon and her family had mistreated Ethan over the years.

After learning the whole story, Beverly was very angry.

Ethan was the heir of their Wilson family!

How dare Sharon look down on Ethan and humiliate him so much, it was truly despicable!

She had to help Ethan get justice!

Beverly immediately ordered Jayden, "Immediately stop the five-phase contract with The Listening advertising company, and investigate the issues in the contract. If they want to sue, we will see it through to the end!"


Jayden responded,nYes!11


Like Beverly, Jayden also cared about Ethan. It was because of their concern for Ethan that they disliked Sharon.


They wanted to help Ethan get justice!


One hour later, a well-dressed lawyer arrived at Sharon's The Listening advertising company.


The lawyer handed Sharon a court summons and said, "Ms. Sharon, I am the lawyer for the Cloud Group.I found that your company had been negligent in the first four phases of cooperation, failing to fulfill the obligations stipulated in the contract. According to the contract, we will immediately cease cooperation with your company and seek compensation!"


Sharon's face changed drastically. "How could this happen?"


The lawyer didn't explain and left after handing over the court summons.


She was dumbfounded.


The Cloud Group had been cooperating very well with her company, and had always been helping her.


It was precisely because of this that Sharon was very grateful to the Chairman of the Cloud Group and even admired him.


Although she had never met the mysterious Chairman of the Cloud Group, he had always been helping her.


Why was he suddenly not helping anymore?


Sharon couldn't understand what had happened.

Soon after, the company's phones rang one after another, bringing countless bad news. "Ms. Thomas, all our partners have called, saying they want to stop cooperation and demand compensation.What's going on?"


"Just now, the Cloud Group stopped cooperating with us. It seems that these companies all got the news.They originally cooperated with us because of the face of the Cloud Group, but now that the Cloud Group has stopped cooperating with us, they have also stopped working with us."


Sharon rubbed her head in a headache.

"Our cooperation with the Cloud Group has always been pleasant, how could it suddenly stop? Should we go ask Jayden?" suggested one of Sharon's subordinates.


"The Cloud Group's mysterious Chairman have never appeared in public, and the daily business is handled by the Vice President, an old man named Jayden, said to be a trusted aide brought in by the Chairman from out of town."


It was Jayden who had taken the initiative to approach their company three years ago and started the cooperation. With the rise of theCloud Group, their company had also grown rapidly, and in the following three years, they had worked closely together for four phases, which could be described as intimate.


However,now that the Cloud Group was suddenly causing trouble, what had happened?


"Ms. Thomas, the bank has sent people over and said they want to reevaluate our assets and business, and discuss bankruptcy matters!"


Sharon heard the bad news and almost couldn't stand. Everyone in the meeting room wwas also shocked.


How long had it been since te Cloud Group sent people over? Their company was already on the brink of bankruptcy!


Under the dominance of the Cloud Group, everyone felt a suffocating silence.

"Alright, I understand. Reply to the bank, we will account for the assets as soon as possible, and ask them to come back in a few days." Sharon's eyes were lifeless. like a walking corpse.

In a short period of time, the huge blow had almost crushed her.

"Ms. Thomas, the only way now is to find Jayden and find out what went wrong!"

Sharon nodded in despair and dialed Jayden's number.

"Hello. is this Mr. Wilson?"


"Why did you suddenly cancel the cooperation with our company? Although we have faws, is it necessary to take such drastic measures? Did I do something wrong?"said Sharon.


After a brief silence on the other end of the phone, a strange female voice sounded.


It was Beverly's voice!


Beverly had answered the phone for Jayden.


Beverly said, "Of course, you did something wrong!"

"Who are you, where is Mr. Wilson?" Sharon suddenly became alert.


"I am Beverly Wilson. Mr. Wilson listens to my orders. You have offended someone, which displeased me, so
I want to punish you! That's why I canceled the cooperation with your company!"


"Who did I offend?" Sharon was very confused.
###Chapter 4: The Banquet


Beverly didn't respond to Sharon but instead said, "I won't tell you the answer to that question, think about it yourself!"


After saying that, Beverly hung up the phone.

Sharon was frustrated.

She couldn't understand who she had offended.

Now,with The Listening Advertising Company facing such difficulties, if the trouble wasn't resolved quickly,The Listening Advertising Company would go completely bankrupt in a few days, and she wouldn't be able to face her deceased grandfather.


Then, another call came in.

It was Christine Thomas, Sharon's cousin!


Sharon's uncle was the chairman of The Thomas Group, and The Listening Advertising Company was just one of the subsidiaries of The Thomas Group


"Sharon, is there a problem with The Listening Advertising Company? Even the stock price of The Thomas Group has been affected and is plummeting!"


Sharon sighed softly and said, "The Cloud Group has stopped working with us, The Listening Advertising Company might go bankrupt."


"Bankrupt? Is it that serious?" Christine Thomas was shocked.


After listening to the whole story, she pondered for a moment and then said, "Tonight, The Cloud Group is hosting a dinner at The Cloud Grand Restaurant, and it's said that the mysterious chairman of The Clouc
Group will appear. You can talk to him, maybe you can salvage the cooperation."

"The chairman of The Cloud Group will appear!" Sharon was overjoyed.

In these three years, The Cloud Group had developed rapidly, but the chairman of The Cloud Group had never shown his face, which was very mysterious.


Everyone was guessing his identity.

Some said he was a retired king of soldiers with a military background, which was why he could rise rapidly.

Some said he was a financial genius who had stirred up Wall Street.


Regardless of the speculation, without exception, everyone recognized him as an extremely mysterious and powerful business tycoon.


He hadn't shown his face for three years, and just by remote command, The Cloud Group had become the largest enterprise in Lindwood City. Such a person was simply a legend!


Sharon greatly admired this mysterious chairman and also harbored a crush on this mysterious chairman.

The thought of meeting this mysterious chairman soon made Sharon's heart beat with excitement.

"Okay, I'll go right now!" Sharon couldn't wwait.


"Wait, go home first and put on some makeup, change into a nice evening dress!" Christine Thomas reminded her.


Sharon was puzzled, "Why? I don't usually wear makeup, and the professional attire I'm wearing now is not bad, it's suitable for discussing work." Christine Thomas explained, "You need to dress up a bit to get the attention of that mysterious chairman of The Cloud Group!"


"And if that mysterious chairman takes a fancy to you, not only will the cooperation issue of The Listening Advertising Company be solved, but you could also become the wife of a billionaire!"


Sharon thought it made sense, and she happily said, "Okay, then I'll go back and change into a nice dress now!"


At six o'clock in the evening, with one hour to go before the banquet started, the top-floor banquet hall of The Cloud Grand Restaurant was already crowded.


The news that the chairman of The Cloud Group would appear had spread throughout the entire Lindwood City, and almost all the prominent figures were present, which could be called a grand gathering of the Lindwood City business community.


And Sharon and Christine Thomas had also arrived together.

At this time, Sharon, wearing a yellow evening dress, her fair and sexy neck and shoulders exposed, looked extremely beautiful, like a goddess!


Christine Thomas, who was with her, was dressed very revealingly and also looked pretty, but she paled in comparison to Sharon.


As soon as the two women entered the room, almost everyone's gaze turned to Sharon.


Seeing this scene, Christine Thomas secretly regretted bringing Sharon along; Sharon was just too beautiful and completely overshadowed her.


"Are you two here to bid as well?"

A man in a hand-tailored suit came forward and handed them his business card. "Bidding for what?" Sharon and Christine Thomas looked at each other in confusion.

"Don't you ladies know? The Cloud Group suddenly announced they are leaving Lindwood City, and this dinner is for auctioning off a series of their projects."

"A piece of fat from The Cloud Group is enough for everyone to digest. Of course, our Johnson Family, as the main force in this bidding, still has some say here. If the miss encounters any trouble, you can find me."

The man smiled elegantly and then walked away.

After seeing the business card, Christine Thomas was very excited: "Sharon, do you know who he is?"

"Andrew Johnson! The young master of one of Lindwood City's top families, The Johnson Family!"


Christine Thomas held the business card, excited, not expecting to catch a big fish just upon arriving.

Meanwhile,downstairs at The Cloud Group, a row of bodyguards stood as if waiting for someone.

Soon, a man walked out of the main gate.

It was Ethan!

Jayden, dressed in a high-end custom tailcoat, quickly walked to Ethan's side, respectfully saying, "Young master, everything is ready, please get in the car."

Looking at the Rolls-Royce fleet in front of him, Ethan shook his head.


"The Cloud Grand Restaurant is just a few hundred meters away from here, there's no need for a car, I'll go by electric bike."


After speaking, to the astonishment of everyone watching, Ethan walked towards a dilapidated electric bike. Ethan said to the electric bike, "Old friend, I'm about to leave this city, today should be the last time you carry me."


Patting the electric bike, Ethan was full of emnotion.


For the past three years, the Thomas Family never let him ride in a car, Sharon also never let him ride in a car.


The most used means of transportation for Ethan was this dilapidated electric bike.

"For three years, perhaps the only thing left by my side has been you."


As soon as Ethan sat on the electric bike, it made a souand.


This electric bike was too old!


But Ethan had used this electric bike for a long time and had developed an attachment to it.


So he decided to use this electric bike one last time.


Ethan rode the dilapidated electric bike towards The Cloud Grand Restaurant.


Jayden had no choice with Ethan, could only smile bitterly, and then commanded the Rolls-Royce fleet to slowly follow behind Ethan's dilapidated electric bike.


Passersby who saw this scene were all shocked!

###Chapter5 Fighting for a Parking Space


Two minutes later, outside The Cloud Grand Restaurant.

Ethan arrived at his designated parking spot, ready to park.

Suddenly, a Porsche sped up, trying to steal the spot before Ethan could park.


Ethan's electric car couldn't dodge in time and collided with the front of the Porsche, nearly deforming the electric car.


Fortunately,Ethan reacted quickly and got off the electric car in time, avoiding any injury.


Before Ethan could speak up, a bald middle-aged man stepped out of the Porsche. The man was dressed in a hand-tailored suit and wore a Rolex on his wrist.


Pointing at Ethan, the middle-aged man cursed loudly, "Are you blind? Can't you ride a bike?"


Ethan was speechless; it was clearly this guy who hit him, yet he dared to blame Ethan?


"And you dare to look at me? Are you asking to be slapped?"

"This is not a place for poor people like you. Push your broken car and get lost!"


The middle-aged man ranted furiously,shoving Ethan.


Initially, Ethan didn't intend to argue, but the man was too rude, so Ethan simply placed his electric car in front of the Porsche,blocking its way.


"You hit my car first. You're not leaving today without apologizing to me!" Ethan said angrily. The middle-aged man sneered. "Apologize? You expect me, a successful man driving a Porsche, to apologize to a nobody riding a broken electric bike?"


The middle-aged man seemed to have heard the funniest joke, holding his stomach as henearly burst out laughing.


At that moment, the passenger side window rolled down, and a slim, scantily-clad, sexy woman stepped out of the car. Her face was delicate and beautiful.


"Honey, what's going on? Didn't you promise to take me to see the chairman of The Cloud Group? How come you can't even deal with a smelly loser on an electric bike now?"


The sexy woman pouted, complaining discontentedly.

She glanced at Ethan, paused for a moment, and then sneered,′′Ithought it was someone important. Isn't this the useless son-in-law from The Thomas Family?"


Three years ago, The Thomas Family's search for a son-in-law had caused quite a stir in Cloud City, and this sexy woman clearly had seen Ethan before.

Then,she clung to the middle-agedI man's arm, saying,′′bet he's so broke he can't afford a meal, that's why he's here to scam money! Honey, just give him some cash to get rid of him. The banquet is about to start;don't waste time here."


"Tsk, tsk, so he's the infamous good-for-nothing son-in-law!"

"To live like you, it's a disgrace to all men!"

The middle-aged man grinned, showing disdain, pulled out several thousand dollars from his wallet, and threw them at Ethan's face arrogantly,saying:


"I'm not short on money, this should be more than enough to buy your electric bike. Now scram, don't be an eyesore!"

Not only did the middle-aged man throw money at Ethan's face, but he also spat disdainfully at his feet.obviously treating Ethan like a beggar.


Seeing the scattered banknotes on the ground,Ethan was very angry; this was the first time someone dared to throw money at him!


The middle-aged man got into his car and drove the Porsche into the parking spot. As for the electric bike blocking the way, he acted as if he didn't see it and just ramnmed through it!

With a dull thud, the electric bike was sent flying!


The Porsche's window rolled down, and the middle-aged man sneered, flipping the bird at Ethan, "Get lost,pauper! Or I'll run you over too!"


Looking at the scattered pieces of his electric bike, Ethan was completely enraged!


That electric bike was his old friend!

It was priceless!

The middle-aged man was utterly despicable!

The next moment, Ethan charged forward, dragged the middle-aged man out of the car, and punched himn in the nose!


The middle-aged man's nose bled profusely.

That wasn't the end of it; Ethan slapped the middle-aged man's face!

The middle-aged man was knocked to the ground, screaming in pain. completily oventurnad theit wonldeo!


Even the sexy woman covered fer mouth in shock.


She never expected Ethan to dare hit her boyfriend.


She hurriedly wens forward and helped her boyfriend up from the ground.


The middle-aged man struggled to stand, covering his mouth, furiously saying to Ethan. "You dara bit mo You're deod! Do you know who I am?"


However, at that moment.


Not far away. a procession of Rolls-Boyce6 approoched.


A group of suit-clad bodyguards descended from the cars. They were tall and imposing, standing in aline beside Ethan.


Leading them was a silver-haired elder, who ran over with a worried fa.ce.


It was Jayden Wilson!


Jayden asked Ethan with concern, "Young Master, are you alright?"


The middle-aged man's eyes widened in shock, "Young Master?" The middle-aged man recognized Jayden; Jayden was the vice president of The Cloud Group. a big shot he couldn't afford to offend.


Jayden was addressing Ethan as Young Master'?

Who exactly was Ethan!?


Jayden gave the middle-aged man a stern look, then turned to Ethan for instructions, "Young Master, how would you like to deal with this man?"


Seeing this, the sexy woman burst into laughter, "This poor guy on an electric bike, a young master? You must all be actors he hired!"


She also mocked Jayden,"And you, old man, you've got quite the acting skills!"

After she finished, she laughed heartily on her own.


The middle-aged man was terrified.

This foolish woman, she dared to mock Jayden! Did she no longer want to live?


The middle-aged man slapped the sexy woman, "Shut up, you whore!"

Then, the middle-aged man bowed to Jayden and Ethan, apologizing,三'm sorry, I was wrong!"


Ethan said to Jayden indifferently, "Jayden, this parking spot is mine. I don't want to see any other cars parked here."


"Understood!"


Jayden nodded, turned to the suit-clad men, and gave a command, then they got into their cars. The next moment, an astonishing scere unfolded.


Five Rolls-Royces started up.


Bang! Bang! Bang!


They crazily rammed the Porsche, pushing it out of the parking spot!


This spectacle made countless passersby drop their jaws.


In no time, the Porsche was totaled by the five Rolls-Royces!


With his Porsche wrecked, the middle-aged man didn't dare to get angry. Instead, his face showed extreme terror, and he knelt on the ground, continuously apologizing.


"I was wrong, please spare my life!"


Ethan ignored him and walked away.


Jayden gave the middle-aged man a stern glance, then also turned to leave, quickly catching up with Ethan's pace.
###Chapter 6: Why Are You Here?

In the grand hall of The Cloud Grand Restaurant. Jayderi said to Ethan, "Young Master, the banquet won't start for another half hour. You can go to your private lounge to relax. The Thai Spa here is quite authentíc."


Ethan replied1, "No need. You go ahead with your work; I'd like to be alone for a while."

"Yes!" Jayden Wilson nodded and said, "Then I'll go greet a few important guests first. Call me if you need anything.Young Master!"


"Alright." Ethan nodded.


Watching Jayden Wilson leave with the guests, Ethan sighed helplessly.


The world chased after unparalleled wealth and the attention of the masses.


Little did they know, Ethan had no interest in money. Instead, the time he spent with Sharon Thomas during the three years he was married into the Wilson Family was an indelible memory in his life.


Unfortunately, those days were gone.


"Mr. Wilson, you were quite impressive just now."

At that moment, a sexy and charming figure approached him.


Ella Davis looked up at Ethan with eyes full of admiration and desire.

She had just witnessed the entire process of Ethan teaching a middle-aged man a lesson downstairs in the hotel.


A rich man driving a Porsche was beaten up by him and didn't dare to let out a peep! Was this the world of top-tier billionaires?

Ella Davis's face flushed with excitement. If she could marry Ethan, she could become the wife of a top-tier billionaire!


However, Ethan seemed not to hear her at all, walking straight to the floor-to-ceiling window,his gaze melancholic.


Undeterred by Ethan's disregard, Ella Davis had dressed meticulously for the evening's banquet.

Her black and gold evening gown was noble and elegant, her exposed shoulders pale and tempting, her sexy and enchanting figure paired with a perfect and delicate face. She was confident she would be the brightest star at tonight's banquet.


Ella tugged at her black and gold evening gown, pulling the neckline down slightly to reveal her fair and tender chest. Her fingers casually brushed her hair behind her ear.


Then, she slowly walked behind Ethan and made a bold move.


She hugged Ethan from behind!


If not for the fact that the hall's corner was sparsely populated, this scene would have caused a sensation!


Ella pressed her body close to Ethan's and whispered into his ear with deep emotion, "Mr. Wilson, Sharon may not care about you, but I do! I'm ready to become your wife at any time, I can make love to you,give you oral sex... I can do anything you want!"


If these words were to spread, they would surely drive countless men wild!


Ella Davis, the goddess from the television screens, was actually offering herself so humbly to a man!

Yet Ethan rejected her, "Ella, I don't like you. Stop bothering me!" Ethan did not like to mess around with relationships. Even though he was divorced, he did not want to sleep around casually.


After saying this,Ethan left.

Watching Ethan's retreating back, Ella Davis's face turned red with embarrassment, wishing she could find a hole to crawl into.


Ella couldn't understand why Ethan didn't like her.

Could it be that Ethan still had feelings for Sharon?

Ethan arrived at the entrance of the banquet hall, intending to find Jayden Wilson.

Just then, a familiar figure emerged from the restroom nearby.

It was Sharon!

"Ethan, what are you doing here?" Sharon exclaimed in surprise.

She had not expected to see Ethan here!

Sharon speculated that Ethan must have followed her secretly!

Ethan was clinging to her!

Ethan wanted to remarry her!

Sharon scolded Ethan, "This high-end event is not for poor people like you. Leave before the security notices you!"

Ethan retorted, "If you can be here, why can't I?" Sharon angrily said, "Ethan. I don't want to argue with you! Today's banquet is very important to me. If you continue to bother me and try to ruin my plans, I will hate you forever!"

Ethan was angry. Sharon actually regarded him as a despicable person!


Ethan asked Sharon. "After three years of marriage, is this really what you think of me?"


Sharon replied, "Yes, you are exactly that kind of person! Even if you put on a suit, you still reek of poverty!"


"Don't bother me anymore! I want you to stay far away from me, never to appear in my world again!"

Sharon Thomas's words were like a sharp sword, mercilessly stabbing into Ethan's chest.


However, at that moment, Ella Davis approached.


Although Ethan had just rejected Ella, this did not discourage her. She decided to continue pursuing Ethan!


Ella said to Sharon, "Cousin, how can you slander Ethan like that! You have no idea how outstanding a man Ethan is!"


Then, to the shock of many, Ella slowly took Ethan's arm.

Ella looked at Ethan with deep affection, "Darling, don't stoop to Sharon's level. In my heart, you will always be the best!"


With these words, the crowd in the hall was instantly abuzz.


"Ella is a movie star! She's actually embracing a man?"


"Big news, Ella Davis has a boyfriend!"

"Who is this guy that Ella Davis is chasing after?" "I know him, his name is Ethan, the son-in-law of the Thomas Family!"


The crowd buzzed with conversation.


Seeing this scene, Sharon Thomas's face turned very ugly.


Ella had embarrassed her in front of everyone again!


Sharon couldn't understand why Ella liked Ethan, that loser.


Not wanting to become the center of attention, Sharon glared fiercely at Ethan and Ella before storming off angrily.


After Sharon left, Ethan shook off Ella's hand.


"Don't do that again!" Ethan warned Ella.
###Chapter 7: Trouble Brewing


Ethan entered the banquet hall, found a corner to sit in, and started drinking alone, drowning his sorrows in alcohol.


Meanwhile. at a table near the front of the hall, Christine Thomas was flirting with Andrew Johnson.
Knowing the Johnson family was extremely wealthy and powerful, Christine aimed to seduce Andrew.


She even went so far as to flash her cleavage at Andrew. As a playboy, Andrew didn't reject Christine's advances. If it weren't for the crowd, he would have liked to take her right there.

As the two were flirting, Sharon walked over. Andrew suddenly became serious; he pushed Christine aside.straightened his clothes, then turned to Sharon with a smile on his face, saying, "Sharon, you're back!"


Andrew smiled at Sharon, leaving Christine, who was just playing flirtatious games with him, out in the cold.It was clear that Andrew preferred Sharon!


Christine was furious, stomping her foot and grabbing a glass of wine to gulp down in one go. Sharon was also quite angry and did the same with another glass!


Noticing Sharon's anger, Christine asked, "Sharon, what's wrong?"


Sharon Thomas put down her glass angrily, "Ethan is stalking me, he's here too!"

"What, that loser is following you?" Christine was surprised.


She also cursed, "Ethan is such an annoyance! But you don't have to take him seriously, after all, you're not in the same world anymore."

At this moment, Andrew Johnson seemed to see an opportunity and spoke with a smile, "Sharon, are you in trouble? If you need anything, just say the word. There's nothing in Lindwood City that The Johnson Family can't handle."


His eyes were full of concern and admiration.

Christine chimed in, "Mr. Johnson, Sharon has run into her ex-husband Ethan, a leech and a loser!"


"Sharon supported Ethan for three years, and now that they're divorced, Ethan is still pestering Sharon,probably trying to get money from her."


Andrew angrily said, "Such a high-end event is tainted by this kind of trash, and moreover, he dares to bother Miss Thomas, I must teach him a lesson!"


With that, guided by Christine, he quickly found Ethan in the corner, wallowing in his drink.


Andrew walked straight up to Ethan, his tone cold,′′Isthis a place for trash like you? Do you have an invitation? If not, get out!"


Ethan frowned at Andrew. Did he need an invitation to drink in his own hotel?


Seeing Ethan couldn't produce an invitation, Andrew sneered, "I knew you were just here to freeload, maybe you even have ulterior motives!"


"Since you don't have an invitation, get out immediately!" Andrew barked.


The scene caught the attention of everyone in the hall.


That guy who was chased by Ella Davis is causing trouble again?

The crowd,looking forward to the drama, watched eagerly.


Ethan furrowed his brows, "You're not from The Cloud Group, right? What right do you have to ask me for an invitation?" Andrew snorted with pride, "I may not be from The Cloud Group, but I am the eldest son of The Johnson Family. Andrew Johnson!"

At his declaration. the crowd turned their heads. The Johnson Family's strength was top-notch in the entire banquet hall, and no one dared to underestimate it.


The crowd wore playful smiles, thinking Ethan was in for bad luck for offending Andrew Johnson.


Andrew boasted, "Though I'm not from The Cloud Group, The Johnson Family has always had business dealings with The Cloud Group, and we have a good relationship. As the eldest son of The Johnson Family,maintaining order for The Cloud Group and dealing with freeloaders and swindlers like you is part of my duties."


"If you don't want to get beaten, leave immediately!"


His words caused a stir in the hall.

"So Ethan is just a freeloader and swindler, probably Ella was also fooled by his sweet talk!"

"How does The Cloud Group's security work, letting such people in!"

"Fortunately, Andrew discovered this swindler. He truly is the heir of The Johnson Family!"

Andrew Johnson stood with an air of righteousness, and the crowd's admiring gaze made him the center of attention, a feeling he's enjoyed since the day he was born.


Among the crowd, Sharon Thomas watched Ethan being scolded by Andrew Johnson and ridiculed by everyone, a sense of vengeful pleasure appearing on her face.
###Chapter 8 The Bodyguatry


Androw atipraached 因n分t 由rd t北录 粗时 为助进 此发护势 抵勤 wy：


"Sharon, you Ur tiron wronged, Huving do spend afiree yors ohuadrled oo eukle e lomeet"


Aftor sponkingt Andraw turned to Ethan and ordered. "Got outf Get out of Here vighe now!"


Androw Johnwon pointed an fihan's noue, standing tall and proud as if ha could see the other man begging af 为1 foa．


Md tMs moment. Ethao clenched his fsts,silent.


Boing provoked for no tonson was one thing.


Bui his ox~wite standing with the other man,joining in the humiliation, was another.


Did they roully think Ethan was mado of mud?


Filled with rage, there was no nood ao hold back any longer. He stepped forward.


Slap!


A crisp sound echoed as a slap landed hard on Andrew Johnson's face, leaving five bright red fnger marks.


"You have no right to order me around:"


Silence!


This shocking scene rendered everyone present speechless! A lowly son-in-law had slapped the young master ofThe Johnson Familyf

The slap was so powerful that Andrew Johnson's ears rang, nearly losing his senses. His grip on Shacor Thomas's hand was forced to release as he staggered to stabilize himself against a nearby table.


After regaining his senses, Andrew Johnson was furious, his fingers trembling as he pointed at Ethan.


"You...you dare to hit me?"


He roared and lunged at Ethan.


However, Ethan effortlessly dodged, stepping on his back, sending Andrew crashing face-first intothe ground.


Lying there, Andrew Johnson's face turned beet red.


Gritting his teeth as he got up, he threw a heavy punch at Ethan.


Bang!

There was a loud noise, and before the crowd could see Ethan's move, Andrew Johnson was already flying backward, crashing into the wall!


He wailed in pain.

"What's going on? How is he so fast?"


"Holy shit, he really dared to hit him, that's Mr. Johnson!"


"Poor Mr. Johnson, meeting someone who doesn't fear trouble. Looks like he's going to back down."

As the young master of the central plains' number one family, he had learned various skills from a youngage,and combat was a compulsory subject. Beating up someone like Andrew Johnson, who was nothing but a
sack of wine and rice, was Hike squashing an ant.


Sharon Thomas was also shocked by Ethan's performance.


Although she knew Ethan was always efficient in his work, she never expected him to be able to fght but what surprised her even more was the fierceness in Ethan's eyes when he struck, something she had never seen before.


Andrew Johnson hit the wall, dazed until Christine Thomas helped him up, and he gradually regained his senses.


"Mr. Jobnson, let's just let it go, a wise man does not eat the loss in front of him," Christine Thomas cautiously advised.

Others friendly with The Johnson Family also suggested, "Mr. Johnson, this reckless guy is just a brute.There's no need to stoop to his level right now. A gentleman's revenge can wait ten years."


Unexpectedly, Andrew Johnson's expression grew even more furious, shaking off Christine Thomas harshly and cursing at Ethan, "You bastard!"


"I want you dead!"


He was completely enraged.


"Brother Noad, help me!"


Andrew Johnson shouted, his shrill voice piercing through the hall and reaching outside.


The next second, a towering figure appeared at the doorway.


The man was tall and burly, his face chiseled, with a long scar running down his left cheek, cutting through the corner of his eye. His very presence brought a tense. oppressive feeling of fear.

"Im sorry for being late, young master."

His arrival instantly bolstered Andrew Johnson's confidence.


"Brother Noad, I'm troubled to ask for your help. Get rid of this trash for me. Today, I want him dead!"


Upon hearing this, Noad didn't ask why, but stepped forward, looking coldly at Ethan, "Kid, how do you want to die?"


As a bodyguard, he had been with The Johnson Family for half a year without a chance to show his strength,taking a hefty salary without earning it, which made him feel guilty.

Now,looking at Ethan, he knew his opportunity to repay the favor had come.

"It's him, Noad! No wonder Mr. Johnson is so confident."

"Oh? Is this Noad that impressive?"

"More than impressive, he's a retired special forces soldier. He once went into the Golden Triangle alone and single-handedly took down a drug lord's lair, receiving military commendation. He's a true soldier king!"

His identity announced, the crowd in the hall applauded.

Facing a tough guy like Noad, even if Ethan didn't die, he would leave half his life behind.


"Ethan, just apologize."

At this moment, Sharon Thomas suddenly spoke up.

Although she deeply resented Ethan, deep down, she didn't want to see him disabled by a beating. "Apologize? For what reason should I apologize?" Ethan scoffed.


With a wave of his hand, he shouted, "Brother Noad, teach Ethan a lesson!"


Noad's eyes flashed with a harsh light as he charged at Ethan with incredible speed, swinging his fist towards him.
###Chapter 9 The Head of the Johnson Family


Faced with Noad's punch, Ethan did not dodge but threw a punch of his own!


Ethan's mother had taught him fighting techniques since he was young, and his combat ability was strong; he was not afraid of Noad.


Noad's fst collided with Ethan's, and Ethan's strength was far greater,sending Noad flying!


Noad's arm was broken by Ethan's punch!


Noad lay on the ground, clutching his arm and screaming in pain!

Everyone was shocked.

Noad was a retired special forces soldier, yet he couldn't beat Ethan!


The crowd's gaze towards Ethan was suddenly filled with awe, surprise, and curiosity.


Where did this son-in-law get such ability?


Sharon Thomas also covered her mouth in shock.


In three years of marriage, she never knew Ethan had such capability!


Andrew was terrified and wanted to run away,


However, Ethan suddenly approached Andrew and kicked his knee.

Andrew immediately knelt before Ethan! Ethan looked at Andrew coldly and said. "You have two choices: either kowtow three times right now and then get lost, or stay kneeling here until the banquet is over."

"Choose. Let me know when you've decided!"

As these words were spoken, everyone in the hall was stunned, their faces a picture of amazement.

Andrew was the eldest son of The Johnson Family, yet he was subjected to such humiliation!

Upon hearing Ethan's words, Andrew's face turned red with rage, breathing heavily, wishing he could get up and fight to the death.


But he couldn't beat Ethan.

Andrew Johnson's face turned bitter as he sighed inwardly, preparing to beg for mercy.

Just then, a stern shout rang out.

"Andrew, what is going on here!"

A line of suit-clad men walked in from outside the hall, led by a middle-aged man with an imposing presence.


Seeing the middle-aged man, Andrew's face lit up with joy:"Dad!"

This middle-aged man was one of the top figures in Lindwood City, Elijah Johnson

He was the head of The Johnson Family!

The hall immediately buzzed with activity, and Andrew quickly got up and ran to Elijah to complain.

Elijah looked at Ethan angrily and said: "A mere son-in-law dares to hit my son!"

"What audacity!"


At this time, Noad got up from the ground and came to Elijah, reminding him, "Master, this kid is very strong; I couldn't even take one move from him."


"Noad,you couldn't even beat Ethan?" Elijah Johnson was shocked.


Noad was a bodyguard he had personally hired for a large sum, yet he couldn't beat Ethan?


Elijah immediately put away his contempt.


He gestured with his right hand behind him, commanding his bodyguards:


"All of you,go!"


Elijah had brought many well-trained special forces bodyguards. Although none were as good as Noad, their combined strength was far superior.


His order for them to attack together showed his anger and the importance he placed on Ethan!

The head of The Johnson Family, when he acted, it was with thunderous force!


No matter how capable this kid was at fighting, in this confined space, he would be overwhelmed, unable to fend off the multiple attackers.


Seeing this, the crowd felt a mix of pity and sympathy, yet they also felt a faint sense of anticipation.


Could he create another miracle?


After all, with a series of face-slapping feats, this seemingly lowly son-in-law had already amazed everyone. Just as the bodyguards were about to move, an elderly voice rang out.

"Stop!"


It was Jayden Wilson, making an appearance, and the crowd greeted him one after another.


After all, this was The Cloud Group's territory, and Jayden Wilson was a prominent spokesperson for The Cloud Group; they did not dare to be disrespectful.


Elijah Johnson also came forward, smiling and greeting, "Mr. Wilson, long time no see."

He had dealt with The Cloud Group several times and had quite a few interactions with Jayden Wilson. Even with the power behind this old man, someone as arrogant as he was treated him with considerable respect.


He pointed at Ethan and said with a smile, "This trash offended my son, and I'm about to teach him a lesson."


"Don't worry, I won't interfere with the normal start of the banquet."


He waved his hand, signaling his men to surround Ethan and take him outside the hall for punishment.

However, at this moment, Jayden Wilson shouted angrily, "Stop!"

"Whoever dares to lay a finger on Ethan,I'll kill him!"
###Chapter 10 Not Good Enough


Jayden's angry rebuke instantly silenced the entire hall.

"What is the meaning of this?" Elijah was unable to contain his annoyance.

Jayden came from an incredible background, but the Johnson family was still formidable opponent. It was very rude of him to raise his voice at Elijah when the two families were practically on an equal footing.


In an attempt to mediate, someone moved forward and said, "Let's not get angry and keep things at peace.Maybe Vice President Jayden just misspoke."


Surprisingly, Jayden snorted and said, "I'll repeat it again; if you touch him, I'll destroy all of you! Feel free to try f you think the Cloud Group lacks the necessary skills!"


He waved his hand, abruptly dimming the hall lights.


Soon,the sound of several footsteps approaching from outside the hallway filled the whole space.

It was obvious that Cloud Group's large security crew had encircled the location.


Everyone eventually recognized tha Jayden, who was usually renowned for his artificial smile,was serious this time.


"Mr. Wilson, what exactly is your connection with this kid?" Elijah asked firmly, his face turning pale.


"If he's your biological son, then maybe I can give you some respect. If not, don't hold my family accountable for his rude behavior, regardless of who shows up!"

Elijah was confident enough to say such things, leading one of the most prominent families in Novaria.Ultimately,despite the Cloud Group's immense power, it was still a strong dragon that couldn't suppress the local snake.


With a snort, Jayden turned to face Ethan, his face changing to one of respect. He bowed slightly, getting ready to reveal who Ethan was.


As they all held their breath, they all excitedly anticipated learning who Ethan was.


But just then, a scornful voice abruptly reverberated from outside the hallway, "You're unworthy of knowing his identity!"


An attractive woman with her hair in a ponytail, wearing crystal high heels and a red leather jacket,walked into the hall.


Elijah was infuriated to hear her rude tone, furrowing his eyebrows as he asked, "And who might you be?"


The red-haired woman arrogantly lifted herchin and said, "I'm the Wilson family's daughter!"

"The Wilson family? Where did they originate from?"


"I've never heard of the Wilsons among Novaria's elite families."

"They're probably third-rate!"


"Ha, a simple third-rate family dares to be arrogant in front of the Johnsons?"


She was seen as a foolish girl by the audience, who pointed and giggled at her.


However, Elijah's eyes flickered as he asked, "Which Wilson family are you referring to?"

"The one you're thinking of!" scoffed Beverly.


Elijah suddenly felt his body tremble, recalling hidden rumors. It was said that Cloud Group ascended to prominence in just three years with the backing of a super force.

And the fabled super family, the Wilson family, was the most plausible candidate for this extraordinary backing!


The Wilson family was very renowned in England, even if their fame wasn't well-known in the upper classes since everyone was aware of their terror.


These rumors were only reinforced by Beverly's unexpected entrance, posing as a member of the Wilsons. It was true that Cloud Group served as the Wilson family's pawn in the outside world!


Elijah's face turned white in an instant. The Johnson family was like an ant in the Wilson family's eyes; easily squashed!


Furthermore, Jayden's response supported his assumption even more.


Now, instead of being full of arrogance, Jayden gave Beverly a polite glance and bowed while asking, "Miss what brings you here?"


There was odd silence in the hall.

"Who's this wwoman?"


"Is the vice president of this esteemed organization truly bowing down to her?"


At this time, Ethan was still in the dark about Beverly's arrival in Novaria yesterday night.

His brows furrowed as he asked, "What're you doing here?"


Beverly sneered,"I'm here to let off some anger for you!"

Her eyes were disdainful and indifferent as she stared across the hall, not putting anyone in her eyes. "I heard someone had the gall to make a scene at my Wilson family's banquet, so I came to see who the person was!"


As Beverly said that, everyone's strange eyes shifted to Elijah.

Jayden's demeanor at this moment showed that this woman was truly remarkable.

But as the Johnsons, Novaria's local lion, what sort of demeanor would they put on?

Everyone was anticipating an exciting fight, and they were all fired up.

However, Elijah took them all by surprise with his next move.

"Miss Wilson, I misunderstood Mr. Ethan because I was blind. I'm deeply sorry!"

With sorrow and fear on his face, he bowed down deeply.


Had it been simply Jayden, he would've felt more comfortable to compete, but even Jayden treated her with such dignity, suggesting that she most likely had close ties with the Wilsons!


She was certainly not someone Elijah could upset, regardless of her standing within the Wilson family.

"What the-am I seeing things? The Johnson family's head is apológizing?"

"I mean, even the vice president is acting so respectfully toward her. Seems like she's got a terrifying background."


"Ethan is quite lucky to have gained the support of someone so influential."

Beverly cast a mocking glance at the group of people discussing.


They're really oblivious, unable to recognize that Ethan, whom they've been underestimating, was the one with the actually-distinguished background.

"Now that you know you've messed up, why don't you leave?"

Beverly cast a scornful, disdainful glareat Elijah.

Elijah's face flushed. The Johnsons would have their reputation severely damaged if he left in this manner without any explanation.


Thus, he cleared his throat and boldly asked, "May I request that Miss Wilson tell me about Mr. Ethan's connection to you? I'd never dare bother the Wilsons, for whom I have the highest regard to. However,we still have a reputation to maintain as the Johnson family in Novaria, and we can't let this young man off the hook without providing clarification. That is unless he really is a member of the Wilsons!"


The crowd erupted in laughter at this, and even Elijah couldn't contain himself.

How could this worthless man be from the Wilsons?


Elijah choked back a laugh, his eyes narrowing particularly on Ethan.

He'd move to destroy Ethan as soon as his identity was made public!


The crowd gave Elijah a nod of approval as they noticed his resolve. It would be quite nice to humiliate Miss Wilson.


Beverly grinned, a very charming smile flashing among the crowd's keen stares.

She stepped to Ethan's side, wrapping her jade arms carefully around his neck. Their attractive forms blended together well, radiating a strong sense of desire and mystery. Damn it!
The sight took everyone by surprise; their eyes widened, and the entire dinner hall's atmosphere explodec..

"Why are they suddenly hugging each other?"

"Is it possible that they're romantically involved?"

"No, no! It's impossible that Miss Wilson would be interested in someone like him."

"The sole justification is that he's got to be her...Boy toy?"


At that time, Beverly spoke up.

Her soft lips parted, her breath fragrant as orchids as she looked seductive.and enticing.

"Are you curious about his identity?"


With an air of unparalleled scorn, she looked around the room and said, "You're unworthy to know!"

"Unworthy?"

The crowd grew restless, giving Ethan looks of contempt and, for the most part, jealousy.


"Not only does the Wilson family have a distinguished history, but this woman who looks after him is extremely attractive; he's clearly not at a loss!"


"How did this worthless piece of garbage find himself in such a favorable situation?"

At the side, Sharon's cheeks flushed with anger as she balled her fists, her knuckles turning white.

He just got divorced from her, and now he's become someone's boy toy!

The authoritative Elijah was furious when he heard Beverly's response. Ethan was now being kept as a pet by the Wilson family. There's a well-known proverb saying that a dogs fate depends on its owner. Now, there was no way they could handle him!


"Let's just leave."
###Chapter 11 Beverly


With impatience, Elijah shouted out to Andrew, who rose from the ground and gave Ethan an envious Look.


"This guy can survive off other people in an amazing way. Sharon was the first victim, and now he got the intriguing Miss Wilson. He's quite blessed."


"However, even if he becomes the protector of a wealthy family, a mongrel is still a mongrel. His true identity won't change!"


He cast a glance at Sharon, who was furious, and was instantly thrilled. Ethan becoming a boy toy wasn't completely a bad thing. At least he won't fight with him over Sharon anymore.


As she was a married lady, his attraction toward her was far greater than toward Miss Wilson!


The Johnsons departed without looking back. They kept their heads down, determined and fearless, even while the bystanders were stunned. The so-called Wilson family turned out to be considerably scarier than they had thought.


Beverly smiled scornfully at Sharon, as everyone had predicted."You must be the woman who recently filed for divorce from Ethan. That was your idea, right?"


She sneered, "You'll never know what a wonderful man you just missed out on, you foolish woman."


Sharon's face darkened quickly, her tone mirroring Ella's.


Beverly circled around Sharon as she continued, "Judging by your lack of judgment, I doubt you've ever seen what a good man looks like. What, are you planning to go after that playboy from the Johnsons?"

“Hahaha!” Laughing boldly, Beverly nearly started crying.′′Let me tell you the truth. That garbage who's luxurious outside but a mess within, Andrew, isn't even worthyto be Ethan's shoe shiner! How do I say it... How wan I even describe your taste?"


Sharon was filled with rage after hearing Beverly's remarks, especially under the mocking and disdainful looks from the spectators.


She snapped, unable to take it anymore, "And you? In what way are you amazing? The fact that you're keeping up such a worthless creature is absurd!"


"I never realized his true personality during our three years of marriage. Do you really think he'll ever show you real love? No, he'll just be a lazy vampire that drains your life force!"


Sharon exhaled deeply after saying that, perhaps releasing all the hatred that had accumulated over the previous three years.


But at that moment...

Slap!

She was surprised by the powerful sound of Beverly's smack. Sharon covered her face, her eyes welling up with anguish from the scorching sensation on her left cheek.


"Are you done?"

"Do you even have any value?" said Beverly in an icy manner. "You're just a gold digger, acting as though you have any rights to criticize Ethan."


Beverly was about tospeak when Ethan abruptly took her wrist.

"Beverly, that's enough." When he did that, Beverly was infuriated.

"What, you actually feel bad for her?" she replied, chuickling.

"How did her family treat you, and how is she always behaving toward you? Feeling sorry for her now, is it worth it?"


After giving her a quick glance, Ethan said, "Whether it's worth it or not is none of your business."

He was shaken when he saw Sharon's upset look in her eyes.

They were married for three years after all, and he couldn't stand it when he saw her wounded.

"Are you okay?"

Instinctively, he extended his hand and wiped at her tears, just as he had done three years before.

"Ethan, don't touch me, you disgust me!"

Snap!

Sharon pushed away his hand, her eyes filled with anger and disdain.


"After three years of being useless, did you really give up your dignity as a man?" she replied with clinched teeth. "Have you truly gotten to the point where you need someone else to look after you? You disgust me so much, I'm glad we're divorced! I don't need your pity, you vile man!"

After saying that, Sharon bitterly and angrily hid her face before bolting out of the hallway.

Ethan stood there, lost in thought. "Am I really that worthless in her eyes?" he thought to himself.


He felt a knot tighten in his heart as he watched her leave, restless for no apparent reason. He did not want to spend any more time in this place.


Ethan said in a low voice before quickly leaving the banquet area.


This so-called bidding banquet was unbearably unpleasant for him!

Beverly sat down in the president's office,facing Ethan with her knees crossed.


"Why have you come here?" With a scowl, Ethan questioned.


Two years older than him, Beverly emerged as the family's pillar at an early age and could even become the youngest elder in the family's history should she ever join the elders' council.


The family's concern about the situation was evident when she returned to retrieve Ethan this time.


Beverly spoke promptly and bluntly, "Pack up and prepare to return to the Wilson family as the heir," making it clear what her goal was.


"What about Logan?" Ethan chuckled, his expression sarcastic.


The Wilson family's rightful heir was currently Logan Wilson, his uncle's son. Back then, the family moved Ethan to Novaria out of concern that his presence could harm Logan's position.


"Logan is nothing more than a failure who brings more harm than good!" Beverly said, her face darkening."He was given an opportunity to prove himself,but he blew it."


"You're back!" Gabriella exclaimed as she rapidly gave the Thomas family members gathered in the living room tea and water.


Uncle Thomas got up and pointed at Sharon while asking with a disgruntled look, "What precisely happened with The Listening? Why did they file for abruptly sever ties with Cloud Group and even goto court? The price of our Thomas Group's shares has also been significantly impacted by this!" The remaining Thomas family members expressed doubts as well, worried that their share of the family's assets might be impacted by The Listening's situation.


In truth. Sharon almost received nothing when Grandpa Thomas split up the inheritance. She wasn't given a share in The Listening until after Ethan entered as the family's son-in-law.


The Thomas family had never really given them much hope, though. The Listening was already on the verge of going out of business; What could a widow with an incompetent son-in-law even do?


But what followed took them all by surprise. After securing a contract for advertising with Cloud Group,The Listening began to develop. Under Thomas Group's management, it transformed from a failing venture tothe most profitable business.


These accomplishments allowed Sharon and Gabriella to finally rise in the Thomas family's eyes, no longer being looked down on.


However, The Listening was no longer associated with Cloud Group and was even involved in a legal battle.Thomas Group's stock prices as a whole was severely harmed by this, and the family members were quite anxious and demanded explanations right away.


"Do you realize how big of a deal it would be if you dragged The Listening down, Sharon? "Uncle Thomas and several other family members coldly said,giving her a chilly look.


Despite her internal dread, Sharon clenched her teeth and reassured everyone, "Rest assured, everyone.The Listening won't fall, and this issue will be fixed shortly!"


It was then that Christine suddenly spoke up, "Maybe you're all unaware, but Sharon and Cloud Group have cut all ties!"


"What?! How's that possible?"

"Sharon, this is unbelievable How could you do this?" The entire family stepped up to point fingers at Sharon, glaring at her.


Gabriella suddenly walked up to them and asked, "What happened? How did things end up like this?"


"Weren't you supposed to meet with Cloud Group's chairman? Did you not do that?"

Christine laughed when she heard her say that, replying, "Auntie, Sharon and Cloud Group had fallen out because of you and your daughter's conduct! Did you know? Miss Wilson, a member of the Wilsons that founded Cloud Group, has been looking after Ethan! You've already angered him with the way you two treated him previously. How can you expect him to be kind to you now? I believe that this lawsuit is far from over, and The Listening is nearing its end!"
###Chapter 12 Sharon Pays a Visit


Everyone was astonished to hear this.

"Who are you referring to? Ethan? Being looked after by the Miss from Cloud Group?"

Gabriella's eyes widened, hardly believing that Ethan had made that much money in a single day!

After a while, the rest of the Thomas family realized that Ethan, the person they had been making fun of all along,had risen above them!


But then, something snapped in their minds, and they were all staring at Sharon accusingly.

"Sharon, why were you so hasty in divorcing him?"

"It's honestly because you and your mother were too harsh with him. It makes sense why, after finding support, he began to attack you. You are to blame for the impact we're getting now!"


"You're so worthless, Sharon! You couldn't even control a worthless man, and even let him cheat on you.Even after divorcing, he found a bigger thigh to cling on!"


Gabriella and Sharon turned pale and felt completely embarrassed as their family members blamed them.


Gabriella had been pushing for a divorce in Sharon's ears back then, and now that it was finalized, that deadbeat had become even more troublesome!


What a disappointment!

Gabriella was enraged, wanting to beat Ethan up the way she used to.


Sharon was shivering with anger as well. Who would've imagined Ethan to be so blatantly self-centered? He got a caretaker shortly after the divorce, and then turned around to attack the Thomas family. He truly was a wolf dressed in sheep's clothing!


Thankfully,they were able to successfully divorce him after seeing his′′trvue colors."


While everyone began fighting, Uncle Thomas cleared his throat and remarked, "This whole argument is pointless. Either way, that worthless Ethan is the key to saving The Listening as well as ourfamily's stock prices!"


Uncle turned to face Gabriella and Sharon at this moment, saying firmly "The family has suffered heavy losses as a result of your conduct. Therefore, both of you need to own up to this! You have three days to convince Ethan to spare The Listening and our family's reputation, by whatever means necessary."


Gabriella and Sharon went pale at this, but the other family members nodded in agreement.


"Ethan has indeed built a close connection with Miss Wilson. With his assistance, we can undoubtedly recover Thomas Group's losses," Christine murmured; hiding herlips and forcing a grin. "Sharon, you need to think about the bigger picture here! Which is more important, the Thomas family's welfare or your reputation? The situation will be settled as long as you please Ethan and let him speak to Miss Wilson."


Sharon felt an indescribable sensation of embarrassment, clenching her fist at Christine's words.


Did she really have to go beg that useless Ethan?


That would be even more gross than eating sh*t!


But no matter how much Sharon hated Ethan and didn't want to see him, she had to give in to the Thomas family's pressure as well as The Listening's imminent bankruptcy.


After a while, she called to invite Ethan.


Next afternoon, at the Fillin's Bistro. Ethan was conflicted as he looked across at Sharon's icy, disdainful gaze.


It felt like a major difference from their friendly encounter three years ago to their stranger-likeinteraction now.


Ethan sighed softly as he opened his mouth to greet her.


But Sharon's expression became icy, openly ridiculing Ethan while saying, "Amazing,Ethan! You normally don't make much of a fuss, but who would've guessed that you could become a kept man? Even after three years of my support, you still didn't think it was enough. So, you decided to give up your dignity and become a pampered duck? You have no morals at all, Ethan. I wasted three years of my youth,thinking I was right about you."


Taken aback, Ethan realized that Beverly's intimate gesture from yesterday had led Sharon to misunderstand.


He attempted to clarify, "Sharon, things aren't what it looks like."

Before he could say anything more, Sharon slammed the table hard, fury visible on her face.


You still want to argue? You feel embarrassed now? What respect do you even have left at this point? Do you think everyone is a fool? Why would that Beverly help you if she wasn't keeping you, even going against the Johnsons for you?"


"You don't have any respect at all! What, are you going to claim you're a member of the Wilsons? Beverly's relative?”


After giving a solemn nod, Ethan said, "You're correct, Sharon. I'm from the Wilsons."


Sharon was shocked, and then lost.her temper.

"You still want to brag? Alright, I can help you make a greater claim! Why don't you just announce that you're the Wilson family's heir, destined to inherit their wealth and easily become the richest person in the world?"


After giving Sharon's words some thought, Ethan sincerely replied,′′Ifyou want me to do that, it's not impossible."


"You filthy liar!" scoffed Sharon, gritting her teeth in a fit of rage. "I have no time to play games with you!"


If she didn't need his help, she wouldn't have dealt with such a shameless and lying man.

In an attempt to gather herself, she bit her lip and revealed her motive.


"Cloud Group abruptly terminated The Listening's contract, and they went so far as to hold us responsible for the previous collaborations. The Listening is currently in risk of going bankrupt. Since you and Miss Wilson are close. Out of our three-year marriage,could you help plead with her to bring back The Listening's partnership with Cloud Group?"

When she said that, Ethan was taken aback.

How did things turn like this when he had explicitly told Jayden to keep helping The Listening?

But soon enough, he understood that Beverly must've been the one who did this!
###Chapter 13 The Offer


Sharon saw the look on Ethan's face at this very moment and sighed sadly, thinking he was going to say no.


"I really can't depend on you, Ethan. It appears that my theory was correct; you're not the only pet Beverly has nurtured, and you're most likely unable to interact with her. However, I can't just sit back and let The Listening fail. All I can do is hope for you. Do your best, and I'll offer myself to you whether or not you succeed. After all, you've always wanted to have me, no?"


She said that with a tone full of sarcasm and contempt, a tear rolling down the corner of her eye.


After a moment of confusion, Ethan understood what she meant and laughed miserably.


"I've always been kind to you during our three-year marriage. We've never done anything intimate just because you didn't want to. Now after our divorce, you want to bed me for money? I never thought you'd be like this, Sharon. I'm genuinely disappointed down."


Ethan's voice was hurt and gloomy. He never thought Sharon would choose to do this!

At this, Sharon suddenly glanced up. Her eyes met his, and she was instantly outraged by the mixture of sympathy, scorn, and disappointment he was displaying.


"Ethan, you're in no position to speak that way about me! You're just a boy toy, so how are you better than me? I've put in a lot of effort to provide for this family. Do you even know how much pressure I've been facing? Of course, you wouldn't know a thing! You were merely taking advantage of the Thomas family, and you're still a parasite outside. You're a man without any decency!"


Sharon covered her face in pain at this time.


She had imagined her ideal partner to be able to shield her from wind and rain! However, she got this useless man instead. How could she not feel let down? She had no one to confide in. especially now when she was having problems. Her worthless ex-husband's harsh glare was the only thing she could expect!

Sharon hoped she could run somewhere right now and cry all over the place, forgetting about the Thomas family!


Ethan felt his heart ache at seeing her current state. He was still unable to let go.

He reached for a tissue,ready to comfort her.


At that moment, a tall and attractive man wearing a smart suit saw Sharon as he passed by. "Sharon, what's the matter?" he exclaimed.


Benjamin Brown was Sharon's college classmate in addition to being the eldest son of the second-rate Brown family. Even after Sharon married Ethan, he had been chasing her incessantly.


When Sharon glanced up and saw him, she felt a sudden feeling of helplessness. She started crying.


As Benjamin saw his goddess crying, his heart broke. He turned to face Ethan, overcoming with rage.

"Ethan,you useless waste! Did you irritate her again?"

Furious, Benjamin lifted his fist and prepared to hit Ethan.


"Hold on!" Sharon interrupted quickly.


Despite her terrible mood, her common sense said that she still had to rely on Ethan for The Listening's survival. After all, the company could perish permanently if he was beaten up.


Dropping his fist furiously, Benjamin took a seat next to Sharon. Openly embracing her shoulders, he comforted her gently and asked, "Sharon, what's the matter?" Sharon would usually distance herself from people who tried getting close to her. But she had been throu zh so much lately, and she had no one to lean on in. She was worn out.


When she finally found a seemingly-trustworthy shoulder,she let all her concerns out. She forced back ber emotions as she told him what was wrong.


Benjamin heard it and erupted with laughter.


"That's all it was? I thought it was a bigger issue than I had anticipated!"


"If you can't handle such a simple problem, then you don't deserve Sharon!" he replied mockingly, glancing at Ethan.


He then turned to Sharon and confidently said, "Don't worry, it's just a collaboration with Cloud Group.I'll help you in arranging it!"


Sharon glanced up at Benjamin with teary eyes after hearing this, a flicker of hope emerging in her heart.


"Really? You can help me, Benjamin? if you really can, then I'll pay you back!"


Rather than kneeling down and begging Ethan, who was nothing more than a loser, she would rather ask Benjamin for assistance and hand herself up to this playboy!


After all, he was bringing a few benefits to her company.


In regards to Ethan, he did nothing but humiliate her!


“Of course!”


With an assured smile, Benjamin continued, "Sharon, I have connections with Boss Sam. All I have to do is inform him regarding fixing The Listening's collaboration. Cloud Group's chairman will undoubtedly show Boss Sam some respect!" Boss Sam!


When Sharon heard that name, she was very relieved.


Even though hiding behind the scenes, Boss Sam, also known as Samuel, was the previous commander of the underground forces and still continued to enjoy great respect. Furthermore, he was Jayden Wilson's close friend. Whenever Boss Sam spoke up, the other party would have to respect him!

After all, this was only a minor partnership for Cloud Group. Should it collapse, it was due to Beverly's intervention. Cloud Group's chairman definitely wouldn't disregard Boss Sam on a small matter like this.


"Benjamin, thank you so much. You really are kind."


Sharon faked a grateful grin to Benjamin. Seeing this, he felt joy flood his heart in an instant. If all went according to plan, he could have a future with Sharon now that she was expressing interest in him.He felt excited by this thought.


Ethan saw this and let out a sad sigh. He thought Sharon was a girl who wouldn't bow to authority for her own benefit. It seemed like he was wrong,though. Had Sharon changed, or did he just never truly understand her? Ethan experienced intense disappointment.
###Chapter 14 Has it really changed?


When Sharon saw this, she sneered and said, "Ethan, do you regret it now that you no longer have a chance with me? Do you feel disappointed? I'll never like parasites like you come near me again in my life! I don't need you at all and I don't need to beg you anymore, so get out from here! I don't want to see your face!"


Gazing at Ethan, Sharon spoke with a tone of contempt.

If she knew it would've been settled this easily, why would she degradeherself and beg someone like Ethan?Sharon pondered in her mind.


When he heard Sharon's harsh remarks, Ethan gave a sour smile. Even though he had put in a lot of work for the Thomas family, she still thought he was a freeloader?


"Sharon, am I really that insufferable for you?"


Sharon crossed her arms and replied coldly while snickering, "Ethan, being such a worthless man, aren't you ashamed to ask me that?"


"Get lost already before I react, Ethan. Since I have matters to settle with Sharon, I don't want to see incompetent people like you coming and ruining the environment."


With a sly smile, Benjamin boldly put his hand on Sharon's shoulder.

Although she shivered, she didn't say no.


When Ethan realized this, he became enraged and glared at Sharon as he asked, "A useless person? Do you not realize that the Thomas family wouldn't have anything without a freeloader like me?"

"What did you say? I had no idea that you were so skilled at bragging, Ethan! Are you implying that you contributed quietly to the Thomas family's current success?" Sharon retorted, making fun of him.
"In any case, do you believe that the Thomas family and Cloud Group's collaboration came out of nowhere?"Ethan answered.


"Didn't that partnership come only after I married into your family?" he said, meeting Sharon's gaze.


Momentarily, Sharon was taken aback. His words seemed to be true. Was that really the truth?


On the other hand, Benjamin mocked and scoffed at Ethan,""Will you stop patting yourself on the back?Sharon is a business genius; everyone in Novaria knows that. Her potential must have been seen by Cloud Group, who then made the decision to work with the Thomas family. What do you have to do with any of that? You really are shameless, to spout such things!"


After hearing that, Sharon concluded that it was true. The Thomas family couldn't have been transformed by the worthless Ethan. Deep down, she didn't want to believe it either!


She looked at Ethan coldly and said, "Ethan, you're such a good liar; you nearly convinced me there. It was right for me to divorce you; Otherwise, you would've fooled the Thomas family by now!"


Ethan let out a sigh. The other party didn't believe him when he spoke the truth, and he couldn't be bothered to prove it to them.


"Come on, Sharon, let's ignore this idiot. I've already scheduled a meeting with Boss Sam to let him know.Cloud Group and the Thomas family will resume their collaboration right away."


Benjamin chuckled and gave Sharon a hug. He was eager for her to embrace him.


She nodded and said, "Then I'll be counting on you, Benjamin."


Afterward,they both ignored Ethan and left.

Ethan sighed as watched them leave. He was aware of Boss Sam's character; It would be difficult to get his assistance.Ethan hesitated for a second before calling Jayden and saying, "Sharon will see Samuel later, Jayden. Kindly tell him not to harm her in any way."

Either way, they used to be a married couple, and he didn't want her to end up in danger.

"All right, Young Master. However, Samuel wants to discuss selling the properties here with you," Jayden stated on the phone.


"Okay," Ethan answered after giving it some thought.

Nobody else was aware of it. It was just a power that Samuel believed in.

He planned to leave now and have a chat with Samuel.

Half an hour later.

Sharon and Benjamin arrived to Spring Villa. In this place, Samuel owned an own tea plantation. The smell of incense filled the entire hall.


Samuel closed his eyes and savored his tea.

He was already 65,yet he had a powerful, muscular frame. He was so naturally intimidating that without any anger, he was commanding respect just by sitting there!


He didn't seem like an old man, save for some creases on his face and a few white hair strands.

"Boss Sam!"

Benjamin entered and spoke politely.

"You've arrived?"

Samuel slightly looked up and saw Sharon standing next to Benjamin, his eyes flickering with a trace of sharpness.


"What is it? Tell me!" he spoke in a low tone.


"Boss Sam, I need your help with something."


With a charming smile, Benjamin quickly explained the situation at hand.


"Oh, I see. So, you want me to get the Thomas family and Cloud Group working together again?"


Samuel gave Sharon a glance.


"Yes,Boss Sam."


Sharon glanced at Samuel, a littlescared.

When he heard this, he grinned obscenely at this and replied, "Yeah, that's no problem. However, I won't do it until you sleep with me."


"What?!"


Benjamin and Sharon's expressions shifted at this.

They had no idea Boss Sam would demand this, given his old age.


She could still accept Benjamin. After all, he was still attractive and youthful, at least. Boss Sam, though, was older than her father, She felt nauseous at the very idea of it, and it was impossible for her to agree.


"This isn't possible, Boss Sam. Sharon is my woman..." Benjamin begged swiftly.


"Impossible?" Samuel cast a spiteful glare at Benjamin, hate shining in his eyes.

Benjamin trembled, afraid to say anything.


"Nobody dares to refuse me the woman I want!" Samuel sneered coldly. "Are you willing to disagree? Or do you oppose in any way?"


His expression deepened as he glared at them, his intimidating aura pressing down and preventing them from turning away.


Benjamin's expression quickly turned pale as he blurted, "No I don't, Boss!"


He came from a second-rate family, so he was nothing to Boss Sam! He had absolutely no courage to disagree with him.


Sharon felt hopeless as she saw Benjamin's look.
###Chapter 15 I Was Wrong


Sharon was filled with a deep-seated hatred in addition to her desperation. She felt hatred toward Ethan!



If Ethan didn't want to help, she wouldn't have come to plead Boss Sam,and this wouldn't have occurred!



'Did you really think I'd grovel before you, Ethan? Dream on!'



'Even if I gve myself up to this old man, I won't do the same for you! I'll absolutely make you pay a steep price if I get close to Boss Sam!" Sharon had great animosity in her eyes.



Afterward, she turned to face Boss Sam.′′Iagree!"



This was the only thing she could do in order to save the Thomas family and get revenge on Ethan.



"Hahaha, excellent! You're intelligent, and I enjoy those kinds of women," Boss Sam said with a big chuckle before calling her



He'd force himself upon the woman he wanted, even if she didn't want to. However, her consent would make it even better.



Sharon approached him, her eyes welling with tears.



After pulling her into his lap, his strong and huge hand slipped inside her clothing.



Sharon held back her tears, her crimson lips nearly bleeding from her biting. It was all Ethan's fault that she got humiliated today.She'd definitely get twice the revenge!



Benjamin stood to the side, his eyes turning red with sadness and jealousy! He should've played with Sharon first before passing her over! He knew she hadn't been touched by that useless Ethan yet.



Now, not only was Boss Sam benefitting, but he couldn't even grumble. "Hmm? You're not out of here yet? What, do you want to watch us?"
Boss Sam's narrowed his eyes as he stared at Benjamin. Startled.Benjamin quickly smiled flatteringly as he said, "Take your time,Boss!"



Then he walked out of the room. Boss Sam put his hands around Sharon's plump thigh, a sly smile spreading over his lps.



"We can play for as long as we want now that nobody else is around."



Just as he said that, his subordinate reported, "Boss Sam, Jayden is here!"



"Huh? Why did he come so early?" Boss Sam scowled.



He scheduled a tea appointment with Jayden for today, although it will likely take place later.



"Never mind, just let him in."



Reluctantly squeezing Sharon's arm, Boss Sam waved his hand and
muttered. "Looks like we'll just have to continue later. You step asíde for the time being."



Given that Jayden had traveled so far, he needed to show some decency and couldn't just send him away.



With her hands clenched, Sharon remained silent. She brushed away a tear that was about to fall, then stood silently at the side.



Soon,the servant brought Jayden over.



At the living room entrance, Boss Sam grinned and welcomed him,saying, "At last, you're here! I've been waiting for you."



Jayden said nothing, then looked at Sharon inside the room. He furrowed his eyebrows a bit and said, "Samuel, do you know who she is?"



"Huh?"


Boss Sam was shocked, then chuckling as he said, "What, do you
want her? I can give her to you!"



"Be quiet!"



"She's the young master's ex-wife!" Jayden said, his expression darkening.



"What?!"



Boss Sam's face turned pale at the news.



He was aware that Jayden was referring to Ethan, with him being one of the few people who knew Ethan's true identity.



"You're not joking, are you? Are you telling the truth?"



Boss Sam turned completely pale. His authoritative demeanor entirely disappeared, with no signs of it anymore.



"What else would it be? Why do you think I came here so early?"
Sharon was in the room, but she couldn't hear Jayden's voice well enough. However, for Boss Sam, it was as loud as thunder.

G
"So,you're saying the young master...?"


Boss Sam's knees felt weak, and his face had lost all color!



Even if Sharon was only Ethan's ex-wife, he couldn't mess with her!



It would be awfual if Ethan found out about this.



He quickly raced into the living room and kneeled down in front of with a "thump," thinking about this.



"Miss Thomas, I offended you earlier by acting like a bastard. Please,please, please forgive me!"



As he said, Boss Sam's voice wavered and blood spurted from his head as it struck the ground.
Sharon was astounded by his demeanor.


What was happening?



As she turned to face Jayden, she saw Ethan's figure in her thoughts.



Was it possible that Ethan requested Jayden to help her? However,she ruled out this option afterward.



Moreover,it would be odd if he was aware of this. Confusion gripping her, she turned to face Boss Sam.



If she knew that Jayden would help her, she wouldn't have come here in the first place. Furthermore, Ethan is only Beverly's gigolo;how could he command Jayden?



Not being able to understand, Sharon no longer bothered anymore."I can forgive you, but I hope that Cloud Group and my company can revive their partnership," she remarked, glancing at Boss Sam who was lying on the ground.
As she said that, she looked at Jayden. His expression became uncomfortable. Beverly was the one who decided this, and he couldn't refuse her. However, Ethan's ex-wife was Sharon. He knew his young master to be devoted and emotional, even after the divorce.



After giving it some thought, Jayden responded, "Miss Thomas,I can't be the one to decide this, but I can help convey your message."



"No problem! Mr. Wilson, you can set any conditions you'd like as long as the Thomas and Cloud Groups can continue their collaboration." Sharon reddened as she clenched her teeth. By now,she didn't care much anymore.



Jayden's expression darkened and he paused for a moment, but he remained silent.



When Sharon saw this, she bit her lip and went up to Jayden,saying,"Mr. Wilson..."



"You can leave now, Miss Thomas. I'll take care of this," Jayden said.backing away from Sharon a few steps.
"Oh. okay..." Sharon only nodded before turning away, her gaze complicated.



6

Dazed,she wandered outside and started straightening her rumpled clothes. However, the buttons began to fall off, so she held them in her hand.



As she arrived at the teahouse's entrance, she was shocked to see Ethan approaching her.



"Ethan?" Sharon's eyes blazed with hatred. "You came to make fun of me, didn't you? Are you satisfied now that you've seen me in this state?"



With a gaze full of contempt against Ethan, her eyes welled up with tears.



It was all this scum's fault that she had reduced to becoming a disgusting man's toy!



When Ethan saw her like this, he was overcome with an intense rage. He already told Samuel about this.
When she finished her angry words, Sharon turned and left, not wanting to see the man she'd considered as worthless. On the other hand,Ethan wasn't in the mood to care about her words just now.
All he wanted to do was find out who had betrayed him; Jayden or Samuel.
###Chapter 16 Valuable Subordinate


He strode into Spring Villa right away.


Inside, Boss Sam didn't care that blood was pouring down his head.He shuddered before Jayden, pleading with him to say something positive in front of Ethan. Otherwise, no matter how many lives he had,they wouldn't be sufficient!



At that moment, Ethan entered.



"M-Mr.Wilson!"


Boss Sam's heart was in his throat, his eyes widening with horror!


Ethan has arrived. What did that mean?



Thump!


Boss Sam dared not to give it too much thought. Without any delay.
he knelt down deeply in front of Ethan, slamming his skull into the ground!



"Mr. Wilson, I'm at fault! Please punish me!"



There was brief anger in Ethan's eyes.



Besides, his life couldn't be spared since he laid a hand on Sharon!



"I was really unaware of Miss's identity, Sir. I only touched her slightly..."



Upon thinking that Ethan wanted his life, he was so terrified that he begged for forgiveness. Despite that, Ethan ignored him completely and went to face Jayden immediately.



Jayden obviously realized what he meant, instantly falling on his knees and begging, "Young Master, please forgive me. Miss was standing next to me when you called earlier, so it prevented me from telling Samuel what you said, which is what led to this predicament. Please punish me accordingly, Young Master."
"If this happens àgain, the Wilsons won't be able to save you."Ethan coldly said to Jayden after a little pause.



0

"Thank you very much, Young Master. I swear this won't repeat again."



Jayden bent down, thanking Ethan.



When he saw Ethan's icy, cruel look on Samuel again, he hastily attempted to save the latter.



"Master, over the years, it's impossible to separate Samuel's underground operations from Cloud Group's rising. I understand a little bit about the situation; he didn't force her, but... It was rather the former Miss who took the initiative!"



Even though he was risking a lot by speaking up, this matter also concerned him as well. He didn't want Samuel to dragged into it.



Ethan felt Jayden's words strike him in the head like a wake-up call.
Sharon really took the initiative?


Had she really changed that much?



Noticing that Ethan wasn't angry, Jayden persuaded him further. "In my opinion, Young Master, you don't really need to go so far over that kind of a woman. She's no longer the same as she was before... Miss Thomas has completely changed!"



"Ha..."



Ethan finally let out a sigh. It was true; He really need to let go of her.



"I'll spare you this time.


Ethan looked at Samuel, aware that a single word from him may end up killing Samuel.



But for that type of woman, was it really worth losing a faithful subordinate?
Ethan didn't understand this.


"Thank you, thank you so much, Mr. Wilson!"



Boss Sam bowed swiftly, full of gratitude.



"Regarding leaving Novaria, talk about it with Jayden."



Ethan left right away, not wanting to stay any longer.


"Master, let me go with you," Jayden said urgently.



"No need; I'd like to go for a walk alone," Ethan said,waving his hand.



The way Sharon had changed made him uncomfortable.



Even though he was strolling through well-known streets and commercial centers, everything appeared to be different.
Feeling sorrow, he shook his head and kept moving on.


Just then, there was a loud cry coming from nearby.


"Go away, don't touch me!"



A gorgeous, tidy woman in business attire left a hotel swiftly,obviously drunk. She was, however, blocked by a few men who appeared to be thugs.



"Miss Miller, you left before our boss finished his drink. Isn't that disrespectful?"



"That's right, Miss Miller. Return upstairs and have a couple more drinks. If you do so, our boss will sign your contract."



"You shouldn't spoil our boss's mood. If you anger him, we won't be able to collaborate."



The drunken woman was being mocked by the thugs who were blocking her path and trying to gethold of her.
nmm
"Go away!"



With a swaying body and an angry look, Chloe Miller shoved them away. "I refuse to drink. I don't want that contract anymore,damnit!"



"Even if it reaches the worst point, I don't want it!"



She was drunk and a little lightheaded, but she wasn't stupid enough to overlook what the other party wanted. By hook or by crook, she wouldn't go back to that place.



"You don't want it? I can't let you do that, Miss Miller. Our boss is really excited about this deal, so you'll sign whether you want to or not!"



With a tinge of menace, one of the hooligans sneered.



When they saw this,people in the area stayed away in fear of getting involved. They were all aware that these people were from the Royal Hotel, and those who could spend money there were either wealthy or influential! Since they were all high-ranking
people, the general public wasn't allowed to get involved in their affairs.



As a result, a lot of people pretended not to see, with some even avoiding the area.



Chloe felt hopeless. Were all of these people blind?



Her head was spinning even more. At that time,she saw a tall person approaching them.



She couldn't see very well, but based on the body type, it seemed like a male. She charged straight toward Ethan, without even thinking twice. "Darling, you arrived at last!"



She leaned dangerously close to him as she yelled.



Ethan was engrossed in his memories and failed to see the current situation. When he finally snapped back to reality, Chloe's delicate form was perfectly pushed against him, soft and flexible.
"Darling, you're running late..."


Chloe spoke to Ethan in a seductive manner. Then, she turned to face the men obstructing her path and said, "He's my boyfriend, and he's a Taekwondo black-beltér! I won't be having another drink with your stupid boss, so you'd better leave!"



Ethan raised an eyebrow slightly as he turned to see the intoxicated lady in his arms.



The men looked at him with a look of disdain on their features.


"A boyfriend?"



"I doubt it!"


"Kid, no matter who you are, she's now our boss's woman! You'd better get lost if you don't want to die!" the leader spat at Ethan.



"You can't leave me, Darling!"
Even with her eyelids heavy with sleep, Chloe held onto Ethan's clothes.



"Didn't you hear? My girlfriend isn't interested in returning and drinking. You should quickly go, or else I won't hold back anymore."



Ethan said icily.



He didn't want to get involved initially, but since the woman was grabbing his clothes and dragged him into this, he might as well lend a hand.



"You're acting like a hero, huh? Okay, let us show you the meaning of asking for trouble!"



With a frightening expression, the hooligan leader threw a punch directly at Ethan's face. The others laughed, anticipating the show.



This man was a former elite soldier who had really been on the front lines!
Not to mention a Taekwondo black-belter, even a Taekwondo champion probably can't match up to him in a real fight!



However, their smiles abruptly froze in the next instant.



With a piercing sound, Ethan violently punched the hooligan leader.sent flying as he crashed into the hotel entrance's glass door.
###Chapter 17 Your Woman?


Everyone looked at this scene in shock.



Ethan seemed like any other guy, but he was this strong?


They couldn't even see his movements!



Chloe, still drunk and groggy, also woke up slightly and tried to raise her head that was plastered against Ethan's chest.wanting to see his face. However, her failure to see well due to the alcohol increased her interest even further.



"Who...Are you?"



She muttered as she saw Ethan use all his strength. She sagged in his grasp, finally losing consciousness as she could no longer hold on.



"What? Still going to fight?"
Ethan cast a disinterested glance at the group. The goons gulped nervously, slightly afraid.



Their toughest man had been knocked out with a single blow,so why would they continue fighting Isn't that the same as pursuing death?



They didn't give up, though, since their boss was on their side.



One of them clenched his teeth and glared at Ethan, saying,"Kid,don't leave if you have the guts! I'm going to call our boss right now!"



"Let's go!"



After he said that, the thugs quickly dashed back inside the hotel.



"How are you doing?"


Ethan looked at Chloe, noticing just now that she fell asleep.
What a pain!


He let out a sigh. It wouldn't be proper to just abandon this woman,even though he wanted to do that.



"Fine, I'll just help until the very end..."



With Chloe in his arms, Ethan made plans to return her to the hotel.



Just then, a stern-faced middle-aged man in a custom suit walked out along with the goons from earlier.



"Boss, that guy's the one who took Miss Miller away!"



One of the thugs pointed to Ethan.



With a dark chuckle, the middle-aged man approached Ethan and gave him a shoulder pat. "Kid, you're really brave for wanting to steal my woman? Don't you realize who I am?"
Before he could say anything more. Ethan turned to look at the man. Before he even finished his speech, the man abruptly stopped as if he were choking.



His face went pale, unable to talk due to the tightness in his neck!



It was actually...Him!



Ethan recognized this man. He was the one who crashed into his electric bike during the banquet.



"What a coincidence... So, this is your woman?”



With a mocking sneer, Ethan added, "If you want her so badlly,I can hand her over."



The man was so terrified that he was unable to talk. In his eyes,Ethan's smile appeared deadly!



He was terrified beyond belief!
Why was he so misfortunate? He actually touched the woman Mr.Wilson found attractive. He was doomed!



On the other hand, the middle-aged man's thugs were too busy to notice the shift in their boss's face. Foolishly, one of them remarked,"Kid, who do you think you are to speak like that?" while pointing haughtily at Ethan. "You're lucky that Boss is interested in your woman. Even if the woman was your mother, you'd have to present her on a silver platter!"



The middle-aged man's expression instantly changed at this, and he turned to give the lackey a hard smack.



Smack!



The lackey was instantly knocked to the ground by the forceful smack.



"Why did you hit me, Boss?"



The lackey was devastated and completely baffled. The others were equally bewildered.
"Hit you? I really want you dead!"



The middle-aged man spoke with bloodshot eyes, gritting his teeth.Even if he had 10 lives, he wouldn't be able to survive for daring to speak such things to Mr. Wilson!



Thud!



The man instantly bowed in front of Ethan and said, "Mr. Wilson, I apologize; I was unaware Miss Miller was your woman. I swear I haven't touched her in any way! Moreover, this youngster who insulted you will be dealt with immediately! Please, please forgive me."



The bystanders were astonished to see the man bowing.



Gavin, this middle-aged man, was a Novaria real estate magnate!
Moreover, he had deals with the Novaria underground forces several times!



Even some wealthy bosses were afraid to irritate him. There weren't many individuals in Novaria that Gavin was afraid of.
But now that he was seeing Ethan, he was shaking like a chicken in front of a tiger!



Upon witnessing their boss's demeanor, the thugs also turned pale.
They had mocked and ridiculed Ethan before this, even though they knew he clearly wasn't an average person.



As soon as they realized this, they bowed down in front of Ethan.



"Enough, just get out of here. I don't want to see you anymore.
Don't expect to keep your lives if I find you doing something like this next time," Ethan said coldly.



With a pale face, Gavin bowed again swiftly and said, "Thank you,Mr.Wilson!"



After that, he ran away with his men.



Ethan stared at his arms and grumbled, "Ugh, what a hassle."


Seeing Chloe asleep, he was a little powerless. He had been
dragged unnecessarily into numerous problems. Nevertheless, he went to the hotel with Chloe and booked a room.



He initially planned to leave Chloe behind and move on, but she was holding onto his clothes hard. Thus, he chose to stay because he thought something could happen to her in her current state.



Soon, night time passed.



Chloe got up early in the morning, looking a little messy in her clothing and hair.



"Am I in a hotel?"



Chloe was shocked to see her surroundings, but then she saw that her garments appeared to be intact.



"That's a relief..."


She was relieved.
"Are you awake?"



Ethan came from the restroom at that very time,seeming a little tired. Since Chloe was talking in her sleep last night, he didn't get much sleep.



"Ah! Who are you?"



Startled, she turned to face Ethan in fear. But then, it seemed like she recalled something.



"You... You helped me yesterday?"



Chloe's head hurt. She could barely recall what happened yesterday the day before, other than the fact that Gavin's guys were all around her. During then, she had grabbed someone randomly to use as a shield.



That person seemed to be Ethan.



The man who had saved her was quite attractive. It appeared as
though she didn't suffer any losses from this.



With her long legs tucked into her black stockings, she sat on the bed and blushed as she turned toward Ethan. With a hint of embarrassment, she said, "I ápologize for yesterday, and thank you for your help."



"That's alright."



Ethan let out a yawn.


"Sorry for disturbing your rest; I'll leave now."



She hurriedly got out of bed, straightened her clothing, and prepared to leave. Then, she abruptly turned around and asked."Give me your number. I want to treat you to a meal as thanks someday."



Ethan gave a nod. "Alright."


After handing her his number, Chloe blushed as shelooked intently
at Ethan before turning and leaving.
###Chapter 18 Apology,


At the Thomas family's old mansion.



The Thomas family were gathered here at this very time.



The Listening's situation kept getting worse, which led to a sharp decline in the Thomas family's shares. This made the Thomas family quite nervous about this, but they didn't know what to do.



"Sharon,you said you were going to figure things out, right?"



"Has the issue been fixed? Why are things still like this?" Aunt Thomas asked.



"Yes, I've taken care of it. We'll soon be working with Cloud Group again, and The Listening will soon get better. All it takes is some time, so why are you so anxious?"



Speaking slowly yet confidently, Sharon took a drink of her tea while maintaining a composed expression.
She had paid a price with her own body, and Boss Sam intervened.She did not believe that the Cloud Group would stubbornly cut off cooperation with The Listening.



The Thomas family was glad to see Sharon's attitude as well.



Just then, Sharon's secretary abruptly announced to her as she walked over holding a phone, "Boss, something bad happened! This morning, we received calls from a large number of companies asking to end cooperation with us,along with all of the Thomas Group's firms! Moreover, some of our long-time partners are even ready to pay hefty fines rather than continue working with us! What do we do,Boss?"



"What?! How's this possible?" Sharon abruptly sprang to her feet,her face turning pale.



"It appears... that the Cloud Group is to blame! I heard them announce that Thomas Group must perish. Our partners stated that dealing with a bankrupt company is unnecessary. Boss, I... I want to quit as well." With nervousness, the young secretary murmured.


Sharon's body trembled, her face going pale as she nearly lost her
balance.


How is this possible?



At the time, Jayden and Boss Sam promised to assist her; why hasn't the situation changed since then? Rather, it dragged the entire Thomas Group in.



"What's going on, Sharon? You said you handled it, so why did this happen?"



"I don't believe you fixed it; you just made it worse!"



"Sharon, what have you done? Are you trying to ruin the Thomas family?”



After a while, one angry Thomas family member after another reproached Sharon.



"I... I really don't know..." Biting her lip, Sharon was deeply hurt.
It was obvious she had paid a physical price,so why?



"Sharon, The Listening is in such terrible shape, and you just sit around doing nothing."



At that time, Ella went forward and said coldly. She was viewed as a half-Thomas, and Beverly's repression had affected her greatly as well.



"It didn't matter who you begged or pursued; everything you did was useless. Ethan is the only person you can beg now.If you don't do it, there'll be no way out."



She was no longer receiving funding from the company,and if things kept up this way, she would soon find herself as a sidelined artist!



"What is Sharon even doing? I told you to beg Ethan, didn't I? Did you simply disregard what I said? Make a quick phone call to him and give him a sincere apology! Plead him to spare our family!If not, you can leave the family as soon as possible! Both you and your mother aren't permitted to enter the ancestral hall!"
Uncle Thomas gave an angry warning, his rage unrivaled.


"What?!"



At this, Sharon and Gabriella shuddered



Will they actually expel the two of them from the Thomas household?



In addition to losing their job and becoming homeless if they were actually banished, they would also lose respect and turn into Novaria's laughingstock!



"Don't, please! I'lI have Sharon apologize right now!" In a panic,Gabriella grabbed Sharon and told her, "Sharon, get moving and contact Ethan right away! Ask him forgive us! Otherwise,what will we do if Thomas Group files for bankruptcy?"



"I've already begged him, and it didn't work, He refuses to help us since he has a strong grudge with our family!"
Her eyes reddening, Sharon bit her lip.



Had Ethan been willing to help her, would she have given up her innocence?



Furthermore, forcing her to apologize to Ethan in front of so many Thomas family members was more humiliating than death!



"We have to do it, whether it works or not." Uncle Thomas stated coldly, "That's the only way our family, especially you two,can survive."



"Our Thomas family, especially you two, will publicly apologize and self-reflect in front of Ethan when I welcome him here. I'm going to give him a call and invite him over!"



Afterward, Uncle Thomas gave Gabriella and Sharon a stern look,his tone leaving no room for speculation. He picked up the phone and gave Ethan a call right away.



When Ethan saw who was calling, he thought for a second before responding, "What's the matter?"
"This is the thing, Mr. Wilson. We, the Thomas family, would like you over for dinner, Is that alright?" Uncle Thomas's voice carried slight flattery.



Ethan didn't say anything, rémaining silent.



He had no desire to rekindle relations with the Thomas family or go back in time.



Uncle Thomas immediately spoke up after seeing Ethan's silence,saying, "Mr. Wilson, you suffered a lot of misery and ridicule from us in the past. I'm aware of everything. Looking back,we regret it so much. That's why we'd like you to come over so that we may personally apologize to you. If not, we won't be able to find inner peace."



"No need, I don't want to go," Ethan refused.



He was aware of the Thomas family's nature. They never gave him an opportunity to make amends over the years, so it was strange that they suddenly felt the need to apologize.
He had absolutely no interest in going now, even if they were sincere.



"Oh. I understand, Mr. Wilson. I bet you're still blaming Sharon,but she had her reasons before divorcing you. She did everything for the sake of protecting our family!"



"Due to our recent financial crisis, Sharon sacrificed herself to draw the attention of a few affluent young men so that they'd get closed to her and invest in our family. We are all to blame for it!" Sighing deeply, Uncle Thomas continued, "She also felt guilty and heartbroken after divorcing you. She's been crying at home.showing regret about her choice to file for divorce. Please come over. If not,I'm worried Sharon might take drastic measures!"



Uncle Thomas spoke in a very genuine tone, as though he were telling the truth.



"What? Is that true?" The words made Ethan's previously sinking heart tremble.



And she was remorseful over this?
Uncle Thomas replied, "Yes, it's true. If you come, she'll explain everything to you!",



"Well, I'll be there." Ethan let out a sigh. Even hearing these lies made his heart ache, even though he knew that these statements were probably lies.



Even after spending three years together day and night, he was unable to let go of that woman.



After some time, Ethan reached the Thomas family's luxurious estate.



"Mr. Wilson, you've arrived!"



Uncle Thomas looked at Ethan, grinning quickly as he stepped up to greet. The rest of the Thomas family gathered around as well,smiling and acting nicely.



Upon seeing this situation, Ethan couldn't help but feel a little ironic. In the past, these people would only cruelly mock and abuse him whenever he stepped foot on their estate. It was already a
miracle if they didn't drive him away. When did he ever see such a friendly scene?
###Chapter 19 Cold-hearted


"Dinner is ready, Mr. Wilson. Please take a seat!" Uncle Thomas waved, a very polite grin on his face despite his deep discomfort. He never imagined that he'd have to be so humble in front of this useless guy!



It wasn't Ethan who scared him; it was Miss Beverly, the powerful Wilson family member who was covertly backing him. Now, Ethan had to beg Beverly to stop repressing and condemning the Thomas family in order for them to get out of this dilemma.



"No need. I assume you invited me over for something, no? Just tell me directly," Ethan gestured with his hand. He was certain that the Thomas family would never make such a scene without a purpose.



"Actually, Sharon is the one who'd like to talk to you. Sharon!"Uncle Thomas gave an obedient grin, gesturing to Sharon and Gabriella behind his back.



Sharon nearly bled from biting her red lips. Despite her intense discontent, she moved forward and inhaled deeply. "Ethan, it was
my mistake. I apòlogize. Please accept my apologies and implore Miss Wilson to protect our family."



"I was wrong as well, my son-in-law. I was the one who treated you badly in the past. Please, be kind to Thomas Group and spare us.It's only a matter of you sending Miss Wilson a message. If not, the Thomas family will drive Sharon and me out to the streets. You don't want us in such a condition, do you?" Gabriella moved closer to beg as well, seeking to touch his feelings while shedding tears.



However, Ethan said silent, a sensation of sorrow washing over him.There was a glimmer of hope in his eyes when he came here,hoping that the Thomas family would truly turn around and apologize to him.



However, it appeared as though he was only there for them to formally apologize, since it was in their best interests to do so. They didn't feel guilty about what they'd done to him.



Sharon was enraged when she sawv Ethan's reaction. "Ethan, you've already received an apology from us. What more are you looking for? Will you not let the Thomas family go? Do you wish to totally destroy us? We've been there for you over so many years; are you
truly that cruel?"



Tears filled her eyes as she spoke. Her expression held a sense of determination mixed with resentment.



After wiping away her tears, she turned to face Ethan and said, "Is my body all you want? As long as you keep the Thomas family safe,you can do whatever you want to me right now. Is that enough?"



Her voice grew cold, and she cast an even colder, almost disgusted glance at Ethan. Ethan felt an ache in his heart upon seeing this.Was this how Sharon saw him, after all these years of living with her? Was he really that awful of a person?



"Forget it, you don't need to beg me," he said, waving his hand in place,"I'll ensure that Cloud Group once more collaborates with The Listening, and I'll release all of the pressure on your company."



Feeling a chill in his heart, Ethan turned to face Sharon and said,"Oh, and please don't get me wrong, I no longer have any interest in or thoughts toward you. That applies to your body as well."
"What did you say?!" Anger filled Sharon's face, a mixture of embarrassment and rage. His words were even more degrading rather than violating. Infuriated, she was about to say something. but Uncle Thomas stopped her in her tracks.



"Enough,Sharon! Now that you've gained Mr. Wilson's forgiveness.you should leave!" He scolded her, saying, "Stop causing trouble here!"



He then feigned a grin and added, "Mr. Wilson, please make the call right now," to Ethan.



At first,they had assumed that Ethan would give Beverly a call.However, they were shocked when he called Jayden instead.



The Thomas family felt at ease when they soon learned that the businesses that had severed their links with them were suddenly returning. Just as they were ready to lavish more praise on him,Ethan turned around and left, not wanting to spend any more time with them.



"How dare you disrespect me like this, Ethan! You better believe I'll make you pay!"
"May you die a horrible death! I'll make sure there's no happy ending for you!"



Sharon watched Ethan's disappearing figure, bitterness welling in her eyes. Her nails penetrated her palm deeply, red blood pouring through the wounds.



Ethan's phone started ringing not long after he left the residence.Beverly was calling.



"What do you think you're doing?"


Ethan answered the call, talking in a cold tone.



"Do you even have any idea what you're doing, Ethan? You were treated horribly by the Thomas family, and now you're letting them off the hook? Do you deserve to be the Wilson family's successor with such a weak attitude?" Beverly angrily reprimanded.



She found it unbearable how cruel the Thomas family had been,and she thought Ethan's actions were simply self-destructive!
"I don't need you to judge or point fingers-it's my own business.Furthermore, I never had intentions of becoming the Wilson family's successor at all." Ethan gave a chilly response.



"You..." Too angry to speak clearly, Beverly clenched her teeth.



Many people in this society desired to be wealthy and powerful like the Wilson family, but Ethan had no interest in any of it!



He even turned down the family head role that was offered to him!



"Ethan,you're really wasting away your life! You've been utterly charmed by the Thomas family! Do you not think that I can command the Thomas family to be destroyed at this very moment?Can you stop me?" Beverly made a threat.



"Destroy the Thomas family?"


A spark of intense rage appeared in Ethan's eyes. "Go ahead and try if you have the courage to! I'm not sure what I'll do if you do that."
Beverly was furious and clinched her teeth. "Ethan, it appears that you've really fallen under the Thomas family's spell!"



She was aware of Ethan's temper; there was no knowing what horrible things he may do if'he went insane. Besides,they couldn't push things too far since the Wilson family needed him in the future.



"All right, then. Go ahead and defend that family; one day, you'll look back and regret it!"



Beverly's warning lingered in the air as her voice faded.



"You'll regret your foolishness and stubbornness one day!" she clenched her teeth.



Ethan said coldly, "Whether I regret it or not is my own business;1don't need your involvement," and he hung up.



He let out a deep sigh. He had clearly seen the Thomas family's true colors, but even after spending so much time with them he couldn't quite let go of one aspect of himself.
Ethan sighed.


It was noon now with the sun up, and he was beginning to feel a bit hungry.He received a call just as he was going to choose a place to eat.



He pondered for a second before choosing to pick up.



"Hello, handsome, do you remember me?" A cheerful girl's voice came from the other enad.



"Who is this?" Ethan was surprised.


This voice was somewhat familiar.


"Hi, I'm Chloe-the person you helped yesterday!" Chloe grinned in response.



′′Oh, it's you," After pausing briefly, Ethan remembered, "What's the matter?"
"As thanks. I'd like to take you to lunch tomorrow at noon. I've reserved a restaurant in advance, so will you come?" There was a tinge of cleverness in Chloe's tone.



"All right." Ethan laughed pitifully. How could he refuse when the restaurant was already reserved?



"Then tomorrow, meet me at the intersection, and I'll come get you.Be on time!" Chloe happily said before hanging up the phone.
###Chapter 20 A Ruined Reputation


At night, in the Thomas family's estate.



Sharon rolled around in bed, bitterness welling up in her heart. She felt thoroughly humiliated by Ethan's statements today, which made her the Thomas family's laughingstock!



That loser Ethan had dumped her, Novaria's beauty and talent! How could that loser have the right to discard her? How could he treat her like this?!



"I promise, Ethan. I swear I'll make you..." With her teeth nearly piercing her lips, Sharon's breathing intensified.



Her thoughts were cut off at that very time by the sound of her phone ringing. After giving it a cold glance, she answered the call.


"Hi, Sharon. It's me, Andrew." Andrew's voice came through the phone.
After some silence, she icily replied, "Mr. Johnson, why are you calling me so late?"



"I know everything that took place today."


"You called at this time just to make fun of me?"



Sharon's eyes flashed with coldness.



"No, Sharon. I want to clarify that Ethan is also my enemy, and I'd like to work with you to bring him down!"



Andrew's voice was overflowing with anger.



He pledged to take revenge after Ethan humiliated him by making him kneel in front of so many people last time!



"Revenge? Mr. Johnson, the Johnson family can't even handle Miss Wilson behind Ethan, and your abilities are incomparable to Ethan's. How are you going to do that?" With a sneer, Sharon showed some scorn toward Andrew's remarks.
Andrew's eyes flared with a hint of anger. This woman hit the nail on the head!



However, he quickly recollected himself and continued,"Sure,I couldn't do anything to him previously, but with your assistance, I can discover a way to ruin Ethan entirely! Isn't Beverly who he depends on? Then, we'll completely crush him using her hand!"



He sounded confident."So, what do you think of my plan? Are you interested,Sharon?"



"I... I am!" There was a twisted, spiteful smirk on Sharon's face.'You made me do this, Ethan. You'll just have to wait for death at this time!







Early the next day.


Sharon gave Ethan a call.
"Ethan, I miss you. Won't you come over?"


Sharon's voice was soft and slightly sad as she said that.



After a pause, Ethan stated coldly, "I've already told you to stop looking for me anymore."



Sharon felt a twinge of pain as she heard the other person's frígid tone. When did he ever speak to her like this? It was as if they were no more than strangers!



Afterward, she was filled with even more hatred. She ended up this way because of this scoundrel.



And now, he was disregarding her?



It was just unforgivable!



Her fingernails dug deep into her palms.
She managed to calm down thanks to the pain in her body,
speaking gently as she said, "Ethan, I know you stillblame me,and I know I went too far before. However, after you left, I realized that I really can't let you go."



"I dream about our interactions, our wedding,and all of our small moments together every night. I truly want to talk, see, and bid you a proper goodbye. I swear that this will be my last request and that it'll be our last meeting. Can't you do that, Ethan?"



Ethan felt his heart melt as she talked with such anguish and sorrow. How could he just walk away from their three-year relationship?



"Where are you?" he asked with a sigh, as if this was their last goodbye.



"I'm at the Moon Hotel, in room 508."



Excitement filled Sharon's eyes as she replied with a proud smile."I'll be waiting."
Ethan hung up and sighed deeply once he was done talking. Was he really this soft-hearted?



He reached the hotel 15 minutes later.


On the other hand, Sharon had been waiting inside the room.



She was wearing a transparent nightgown that showed off her bra underneath. Its incredibly short hem showed off half of her butt as well as her seductive, lovely legs.



The moment he walked into the room and saw Sharon, Ethan froze up.



Despite having lived together for three years, he had never seen Sharon looking so good in a nightgown. This had only ever been in his imagination.



She truly had the most gorgeous and flawless physique.


"Why are you dressed like this?" Ethan's breath became rapid,
hurriedly averting his gaze.


However, Sharon came right up to Ethan and put her arms around him. Shepressed her delicate body against his, the thin nightgown feeling invisible.



"I took a shower because I was feeling too hot," she said, lifting her head and asking, "Do I look good in this?"



Ethan felt her body's sensation and swallowed firmly, "Stop doing this."



He attempted to push her away.



"Do you think I'm unattractive, Ethan? Am I unworthy of you?"With a pitiful expression in her teary eyes, Sharon clutched him closely.



"No..." Ethan shook his head, stung by this scene. "Our divorce is already final."
"Does that really 'matter, though? The man I really love is you! I never gave myself to anybody else, and I'm prepared to offer myself to you if you want to!"



Her lovely cheeks reddened a little as she blushed.′′Iwant to give you my most valuable gift, so... Feel free to do whatever you want to me."



Her lips were hot as she spoke, pressing against Ethan's as her delicateand tiny hand reached out toward him.



Trembling,he hurriedly pushed her away. "If there's nothing else, I'll be leaving."



"No,you can't leave! I want you!"



However, Sharon stepped forward once again.


"You're insane!"


With a furious yell, he pushed her to the ground this time.
Sharon's beautiful eyes widened, filled with astonishment.



After gathering his thoughts, Ethan calmly said, "I'm sorry.I did crave intimacy with you like today in the past, but not anymore."



He found the current Sharon unfamiliar, even disgusting; he had no trace of passion left for her.



"What did you say?"



Sharon had a look of disbelief.



She saw resistance, indifference, and even a trace of disdain in Ethan's glance.



This coward.



This man,who used to wash clothes on his knees and prepare meals, was actually disgusted with her?
How on earth was that possible?



"Who do you think you are, Ethan? Don't blame me for doing this since you're so heartless!"



Sharon's expression turned cold and relentless.



Then, to Ethan's surprise, she suddenly scratched her own shoulder with her long nails!



Scratch!



Her thin nightgown tore apart, exposing her shoulder's red wounds.



Smack!



Then, she smacked herself hard on the face, screaming on the ground,"Help! This beast wants to assault me!"
###Chapter 21 Identity

As soon as the screams started, the door was kicked open as a group of people led by Andrew and Uncle Thomas rushed in.



Upon seeing Sharon's appearance,they were all shocked.



"Sharon,what happened?”



"Uncle Thomas, Mr. Johnson! You must help me!"



Sharon sobbed, biting her red lips as she pointed at Ethan,“This beast... wants to humiliate me!"



Upon hearing this, Uncle's eyes widened in anger as he cursed,"Ethan,you bastard, you can't leave Sharon even after the divorce,and now you want to humiliate her? You truly are an outrageous beast!”



"We,the Thomas family, have truly misjudged you!"
"You are nothing!”


The Thomas family cursed angrily



"Ethan, don't assume that just because Miss Wilson is supporting you,you can do anything you want. Don't worry, Aunt Thomas and Sharon! With me present today, I'll undoubtedly defend you!"Putting on a virtuous expression, Andrew turned to face Ethan and said,"I'm going to call Miss Wilson immediately and show her your real face! Then, let's see whether she still wants you! See if she'll still be willing to help you!"



A sly smile flashed across his lips as he waved his hand.



Click,click,click!



Behind them, a group of people took out their ready phones and cameras and started taking pictures of the two of them.



When Ethan saw this, his face became as cold as iron and his eyes narrowed. He wondered whether Sharon was hiding something from him when she approached him voluntarily. However he nar
would have imagined that his ex-wife, who had lived with him day and night for three years, would band together with outsiders to paint him in this particular light.



This was putting him in a life-threatening situation.



Ethan stared at Sharon, his voice as cold as a blade,"I have already made Cloud Group and The Listening continue collaboration. Why are you still doing this?"



“Why?”Sharon sneered, her face filled with madness and resentment,“Ethan,you still have the gall to ask me why?"



"I asked for you to help the Thomas family, but what aboutyou?”



"Would I have been violated by that filthy old man, Samuel, if you hadn't refused to help me? Would I still have to apologize to you in front of my entire family?"



She let out a cold and bitter laugh, filled with resentment,"Ethan,do find it fun to act superior in front of me and force me to bow down to you? Do you find it fulfilling? Let me tell you something!"
"In my heart, even though I bow down to you,you are nothing more than a waste-a stray dog that our family adopted! I, Sharon.will never let this stray dog to live in comfort if it dares to make me feel insulted and made fun of! I'll consume his flesh and drink his blood! I'll inflict pain on him till he dies"!



The more she spoke, the more ferocious her expression became.She wished she could see Ethan in a miserable state right now!



Hearing her words. Ethan felt his heart wrench in pain.



Were these her true thoughts?



Was this the wife he had cherished and held dear for the past three years?



He never expected that three years of love would amount to this.


Ethan's expression turned extremely cold.


Cold and indifferent, he swept his gaze around, looking at everyone
who had a mocking and gloating smile as if they were all waiting for his death.



In their hearts. Ethan should be trampled under their foot!



However, he insisted on standing arrogantly above them. so he must die!



It's what he deserved!



"I didn't expect it to be quite lively here with so many people gathered here, what happened?”



At this moment, a clear and melodious female voice came.



Beverly walked leisurely, followed by Jayden and some executives from Cloud Group.



"Miss Wilson, you finally arrived! You have to stand up for me!"
Sharon quickly stepped forward and cried out.


"Stand up for you?"



Beverly raised an eyebrow.


"This scum, he wanted to assault me!"



Sharon pointed at Ethan with hatred, "Miss Wilson, I'm not asking you to punish him, but please don't help this scum either!”



"He is a vile and blatant crook; I know that from having been married to him for three years! He committed a number of obscene acts under the Thomas family's name while he was with us!"



"And now, he wants to physically assault me in your name! He has committed offenses before! How many obscene things has he done behind your back? You shouldn't even let this kind of person to be your boy toy, and he needs to be disciplined!"


Sharon spared no effort to throw all the mud onto Ethan.
In Sharon's eyes. Beverly had only known Ethan for a short timne,so she could say whatever she wanted!



Ethan's face turned icy cold, silent.



Beverly couldn't help but laugh, glanced at Ethan, and said,"Alright, I understand. Don't worry, Ethan's matters has nothing to do with me, so you can do what you want with him."



“But I want to ask, how do you plan to deal with him? Maybe I lend a hand." Beverly smiled playfully.



“What! Help us?"



Everyone was first stunned, then pleasantly surprised.


"Miss Wilson is truly open-minded!"


"Thank you for Miss Wilson's help!"
Now that Ethan had lost his final support, even Beverly was going to deal with him as well. This useless man was done for today!



“Ethan, Miss Wilson has seen through your true colors and doesn't want to help a useless scum "like you anymore. Now, get down on your knees and apologize to me! Otherwise, I'll expose everything you've done."



“Expose it, let everyone in Novaria know what kind of person you are! You'll be ruined! Become a disgrace!" Sharon screamed coldly.



"Ethan,your actions today could already put you in jail, but for Miss Wilson's reputation, if you sincerely apologize and cripple yourself, we can let this matter go," Andrew sneered.


"Hahaha... Become a disgrace? Cripple myself? You think that with you people... You're worthy of doing that?!" Ethan suddenly burst into laughter,full of coldness and mockery.


'It seems that the three years of love and my efforts have come to an end.'
"Sharon. I'm not sure why you feel so superior to other people. Do you honestly believe that you're a refined princess and a business genius? Are you saying that the family only succeeded because of you? You might've shone brightly and led a fulfilling life when I valued you, but the moment I don't, nobody would dare take you even if you sold your body! I'm going to turn every Thomnas family member into a disgrace today!"



“You bastard! What did you say?!" Sharon glared with fury,trembling with anger.



“Who do you think you are to insult Sharon like this, Ethan? Stop spewing such nonsense!" Andrew also retorted angrily.



"Shut up!" With a snap, Ethan surveyed Andrew with his eyes like an untamed beast. "What makes you, a mere pampered Johnson family member in Novaria, worthy of yelling in my face? You still don't know your place and even ask for trouble again, even after F spared you the last time because I didn't want to deal with trash like you!"



"This tíme, I'll let you know that even though the Johnson family may be a king in Novaria, but in my eyes, you're nothing more than
lowly ants!"


"You useless scum, what did youa say? Miss Wilson won't help you anymore,so what rights do you have to be so arrogant!" Sharon screamed.



“Someone, get rid of this idiot for me!"



Sharon and Andrew's eyes turned bloodshot, filled with extreme anger.



Just as they were about to take action, Beverly suddenly
remembered something and said, "Oh, by the way, there's something I forgot to tell you. I said I wouldn't help Ethan, but that's because if he wants to destroy all of you, he doesn't need my help."



What!


He doesn't need her help?


This statement instantly made those who were just about to quickly
kill Ethan freeze in place.



Beverly swept a scornful gaze over the crowd and slowly continued."Because his true identity is that he's from the Wilson family.England's noble family."
###Chapter22 Sharon Goes Mad


Everyone turned to look at Beverly as her words left them all in shock.



Was it possible that Ethan's arrogance stems from his backing?



Wilson was also his last name. Was he actually connected to the Wilson family somehow?



Sharon's heart began to churn, but she brushed it from her mind.



How on earth could the worthless Ethan be related to the Wilson family?



It is not possible at all!



She didn't believe it-and she didn't want to believe it!


"Ethan is indeed the Wilson family's young master."
In the next moment, Beverly's words settled like a divine proclamation. Everything fell into place.



In an instant, everyone's faces turned alarmingly pale,sweat trickling down their foreheads as their jaws fell in disbelief.



They stared at Beverly, hoping to see a mocking expression as if she was lying!



However, Beverly's expression remained unchanged. Even Jayden,standing behind her, was the same.



It couldn't be that Jayden was pranking them as well, could it?


Could it be...true?!



Ethan was the prestigious heir of England's first family, an absolute noble!



Everyone's faces turned even paler than paper, filled with fear and disbelief.
How? Just how?



Sharon felt like she was going crazy. Ethan was clearly just a useless person, so how did he suddenly become the Wilson family's young master?!



This couldn't be possible!



If that was really his identity, then how could he become the Thomas family's son-in-law and treat her so obediently?



She didn't believe it, nor could she accept that it was true!



"Jayden, make sure to sever all partnerships with the Thomas family and investigate any illegal activities. I want to receive news of their disappearance from this world within ten minutes." Ethan instructed indifferently.



"Yes." Jayden nodded respectfully, pulling out his phone to make arrangements.
Upon seeing Jayden's actions, Uncle Thomas couldn't help but interfere.



Whether Ethan is the heir of the Wilsons or not, he couldn't just stand by and watch the Thomas family go bankrupt.



"Mr. Wilson! It's all a misunderstanding, I swear!"



Uncle Thomas quickly pleaded with Ethan, "We didn't arrive here until after getting Sharon's message. This disgusting woman, Sharon,was the one who planned to frame you. We have nothing to do with this! Go after Sharon if you want to punish someone and let out your rage! We, the Thomas family, won't object even if you kill her!"


He begged desperately to Ethan.


"Yes, this has nothing to do with us. Sharon acted alone! Please spare our family and deal with her instead!"


People from the Thomas family also pleaded one after another.
Not to mention the Wilson family, even if Cloud Group suppresses them, they'd cease to exist!



Now, they can only shift all the blame onto Sharon.


"You bastards! You cowardly group of losers! Do you1 still not get it?There's no way he's the Wilson family's heir. Everything is fake and a show! Are you really begging him for forgiveness? You've brought the Thomas family disgrace!" Sharon yelled out.



In Sharon's mind, three years of marriage had deeply ingrained the image of Ethan being a useless man. She would rather believe in ghosts than believe that Ethan could be the Wilson family's heir.



It's simply impossible.



At this moment, the urgent sound of a phone ringing broke the silence.



Uncle Thomas answered the call, and a man's anxious voice came through the phone.
"Boss. bad news! All our business partners have severed ties with us!”



“The bank demands immediate repayment of the loan,otherwise they'll use all the company's assets as collateral."



"Most of the employees in the company are applying for resignation."



“Boss,we're about to go bankrupt..."



When Uncle Thomas answered the phone, everyone in the room instinctively fell silent. Everyone could clearly hear the call's contents,



Suddenly, the members of the Thomas family had incredibly pale faces. Especially so for Sharon, whose mind went blank, the tension she had been holding onto completely snapping!



Jayden had actually done it. Even if Ethan wasn't the Wilson family's young master, it meant that he was truly part of the Wilsons! Otherwise, he wouldn't have made such a huge sacrifice!
Reality turned out to be the one thing she couldn't accept and the last thing she believed! She actually drove away and divorced the Wilson family's heir!



She could've enjoyed living in unending luxury and magnificence.However, the Thomas family was now bankrupt, and she was left with nothing.



"Mr. Wilson, I beg you! Please spare our family! Please!"
Immediately, Uncle Thomas knelt down, banging his head on the ground with blood flowing all over his face.



Seeing this, the rest of the Thomas family also understood what was happening. They quickly followed suit, begging for mercy like Uncle Thomas.



"Are you truly the Wilson family's heir?" Sharon stared straight at Ethan, still somewhat unwilling to give up.



"Yes,”Ethan's face was cold.


"Your company's cooperation with Cloud Group was thanks to me.
That incident where you arrogantly slapped the boss who asked you to accompany him with wine, and he wanted to disfigure you, I was also the one who discreetly settled that."



"It was all me thanks to me that you and the Thomas family have been living luxuriously all these years. I just wanted to be by your side as a regular person at first, but you grew too arrogant and voracious. Do you have any further questions at this point?" Ethan stated icily.



After hearing his words, Sharon seemed to lose all her vitality. She slumped on the ground as tears streamed uncontrollably.



It turned out that all the prosperity she had once enjoyed had been given to her by her former husband, whom she had regarded as a loser.



All the fame and respect she desired, her luxurious life; she ruined it all by her own hands. She regretted it! She was unwilling!


"Ethan, I know you loved me, otherwise, you wouldn't have given up your status and endured so many years of mistreatment in the Thomas family for me," Sharon desperately begged as she grasped
for his clothes. "Won't you please forgive me this time? I swear that I will love you unconditionally and live a happy life with you."



It would be better for her to die than to be left with nothing and be despised, especially to be stomped upon in this manner. She needed to win Ethan's forgiveness.
###Chapter23 Immediate Bankruptcy


"I gave you many chances, but you didn't know how to cherish them. It's impossible now."



After giving Sharon a solid shove, Ethan turned to face Jayden and asked, "Jayden, what will happen to the Thomas family after they go bankrupt?"



"The bank will seize all significant assets belonging to the Thomas family because they are currently insolvent. They would have to keep paying back the bank's debts in addition to being made homeless," Jayden reported right away.



"Perfect!”



Ethan nodded in satisfaction, smirking as he continued coldly,"Previously, the Thomas family thought highly of themselves and looked down on me, humiliating me. Now, I'll give them the same humiliation they gave me."


He then turned to Andrew, who was cowering behind others and
trembling. Ever since he discovered Ethan's true identity, he had been terrified. As the Johnson family's young master, he could move freely in Novaria.



However, he knew very well that he meant nothing in front of Ethan.



Ethan really wanted to ruin him now, and the Johnson family didn't dare to utter a word.



Before, when he saw Ethan confronting the Thomas family, he had been praying that he would forget about this.



However, as soon as their affairs were settled, Ethan immediately came looking for him.



“Mr. Wilson, you're a really kind person, right? Please,spare me this time. I promise..."



Without saying another word, Andrew directly knelt to the ground as he continuously bowed and begged for mercy. He was still young and didn't want to become worthless.
Without saying anything, Ethan kicked Andrew to the ground with a cold and severe expression, throwing four consecutive kicks.



Andrew passed out from the pain, his hands and feet totally broken.



Although the Thomas family was somewhat startled by Ethan's firm act in ruining Andrew, they didn't have any other reaction and continued pleading with him to spare them.



Although they couldn't be considered as distinguished, with their development in recent years, they could be considered a powerful family and lived a prosperous life.



Now. to make them lose everything and end up on the streets, they would never be able to accept it.



After Ethan disposed of Andrew, he completely disregarded the Thomas family and left without a word.



"The Thomas family... is finished..,” Uncle Thomas was now completely desperate, his legs giving in as he sat directly on the ground.
The other membèrs of the Thomas family looked as though their souls had been sucked out; some were weeping silently while others were sighing with anguish.



Only Sharon watched Ethan's figure, with an icy gaze resembling a venomous snake.



"Ethan, wait. I need to talk to you,” Beverly chased after Ethan from behind as he came out of the room.


"I have nothing to discuss with you," he said without even turning his head, already making it clear to Beverly the last time they spoke.



"Are you really planning to reject the family's decision of making you the heir? Have you considered the consequences?”



"Did they ever think that when they first banished me back then?I'm not the Wilson family's dog; they can't push and pull me around as they please," Ethan retorted,sneering.



"Ethan, I hope you can always be this stubborn!" Beverly said angrily.
Ethan paid her no attention and left directly.



As he walked out of the hotel, he suddenly felt a sense of relief as he looked at the busy street ahead.



For the past few years, he had been living for others. Now, thinking about it, he found it somewhat ridiculous.



From now on, he would live for himself.



At that moment, his phone in his pocket vibrated. It was a call from Chloe.



"Finally, you picked up the phone. Is eating with me really so hard for you? We discussed it yesterday, and despite my repeated calls,you didn't even return them!" Chloe was dissatisfied from the moment the call connected.



"Sorry,something came up and I didn't hear you calling," Ethan apologized.
He noticed the phone was vibrating just now, but he didn't have time to answer. He didn't expect it to be Chloe calling.



"Do you realize how long I've been waiting to eat with you? Do you really believe that saying you have something else will suffice?"Chloe expressed mild displeasure.



Initially, Ethan didn't feel like going out to eat with her, but her words made him feel a little guilty, so he said,"How about I treat you to a meal?"



"I won't hold it against you this time; you've helped me previously,so forget it. I've already made a reservation at a good restaurant;should I meet you there or pick you up?"



"I'll meet you there."



Ethan didn't want to trouble Chloe, so he hung up the phone after confirming the address.



He took a taxi. When he arrived, he saw Chloe waiting for him at the entrance.
"Sunrise Restaurant?”



He was momentarily taken aback when he saw the restaurant's name.



“Don't let the fact that it's a restaurant make you overlook it. This is one of Novaria's few fine-dining establishments. This place has better-tasting, more pricey food than some five-star hotels! Normally,I can't bear to visit this place," Chloe explained with seriousness.



"I know."



Ethan nodded. Sunrise Restaurant was a high-end chain restaurant under Cloud Group, his famly's restaurant. How could he not know about it?



He just hadn't been here before because he married into the Thomas family.



"Let's go, I finally managed to book a seat. If we're late,someone might snatch it from us!”
Chloe said and quickly pulled Ethan into the restaurant.



The restaurant's interior was luxurious and elegant, exuding a sense of extravagance.



After presenting their reservation number, Chloe and Ethan were led to a table by a glass wall where they could enjoy the viewv outside.



"What kind of food are you craving? Don't hesitate to choose whatever you want!"



She handed the menu to him and said confidently.



"Aren't you usually reluctant to eat here? Won't it hurt you if I eat whatever I want?" Ethan laughed.



"You saved me before. If I hesitate in paying your meal, wouldn't that be rude?" Chloe revealed her bright white teeth and smiled mysteriously.



"In addition, you seem like my lucky star. Not only did you save me
yesterday, but I also unexpectedly signed a large deal! I won't think twice about you ordering the priciest dishes!" Yesterday,she and Gavin had been talking business when that occurrence happened.



She thought the collaboration would definitely fail. However, Gavin unexpected apologized to her and even signed a bigger contract!



He admitted that his people had acted out of line and offended her.and the new contract served as an apology!



This made Chloe both surprised and delighted. She figured it was probably because Gavin didn't want the situation to escalate and tarnish his reputation, so she didn't suspect Ethan's involvement.



But no matter how Ethan played a part in it, as soon as the contract was settled, she immediately wanted to treat him to a meal.



"Is that so? Then I won't hold back."



Wilson smiled at her words, his eyes subtly shifting as if he knew the reason behind it. Despite that, it seemed that Chloe was unaware of the specifics, and he didn't mention them in details,either.
###Chapter24 The Wild Girl


“Oh,by the way, what do you do for a living? How come you're.so good at fighting?" Chloe suddenly asked.



When she fainted that day, she saw Ethan kick someone down. If he wasn't skilled, she would've been caught by the thugs.



“I'm just naturally strong," Ethan replied with a slight smile,thinking for a moment before saying,"I... currently don't have a job.”



"Unemployed?" After expressing surprise, Chloe said, "I recently moved to Novaria, and ironically, I need a bodyguard. Would you mind working as my bodyguard? Alright, I can give you 8,000 a month! How does that sound?"



"A bodyguard?" Ethan couldn't help but laugh. "No, thank you."



Having the Wilson family's young master work as a bodyguard would surely drive the Wilsons crazy. Moreover, he didn't have any interest in being a bodyguard as he had many things to handle at
Cloud Group.



Chloe was a bit stunned. The salary she offered was considered high in Novaria, yet Ethan actually declined? Wasn't he jobless?



"Well, okay. However, if you ever want to work for me, feel free to give me a call anytime!" she smiled, not taking the matter to heart.She had invited him to work for her with intentions to help him out.



She believed that he was probably no more physically strong than she was, but there was still a big difference between him and a real bodyguard who could actually defend people.



After ordering the dishes, Ethan handed the menu to Chloe.“I'm going to the restroom."



Just then, a voluptuous woman wearing a open-shoulder dress and a tight skirt walked down the aisle, exuding a seductive charm.


With a thin waist and a prominent chest, she appeared as if she were an indifferent queen. As people tried to pass by her, they
-h日 .
quickly moved out of her way.


Ethan got up and turned to walk away when the woman came close. She was used to others making room for her because of her noble background, therefore she had no intention of making room for him. After all, had she ever shown others respect before?



"Get out of the way," she coldly rebuked Ethan, displeased with his shabby appearance. At the same time, she raised her foot and mercilessly stomped it on his toes with her high-heeled shoes.



Frowning, Ethan swiftly dodged her attack, catching the woman off-guard.



He was able to evade it, but the woman stepped on an empty space and slipped, falling on her butt.



“Ouch!”


She held her butt, crying out in pain. She fell in a very disheveled manner, with her clothes torn up.
"You jerk! What do you think you're doing?"she immediately screamed and angrily scolded Ethan.



"That's what I wanted to ask you; what do you think you're doing?”


Ethan's face darkened slightly.



"You stood in my way,and you were so bold as to step aside when I kicked you. Are you aware of who I am? Are you able to make up for the damage you caused to my Chanel clothing? You poor man!"



She observed him from head to toe, her eyes filled with disgust and scorn.



“Furthermore, when did you, a lowly employee, believe you could enter such an upscale restaurant? It really frustrates me! Leave this place now! I don't want to see anything as repulsive as you when I'm eating here, so get out!"



With a condescending look, she commanded Ethan to leave.
The few waiters behind trembled and dared not say anything. The people eating here all had status, and even if they dressed poorly.they weren't ones that waiters could drive away.



Ethan's expression turned héavy, but before he could speak up,Chloe suddenly interrupted, “Auntie, this is the guest I invited. You bumped into him, and now you're asking him to leave. Who do you think you are?"



"Auntie? Who do you think you're calling Auntie?!”



Anastasia's face changed, her voice trembling with anger. How could this girl insult her like this?!



"Who else is an auntie here, besides you? Whoa, perhaps you too are a woman in your middle years! What's causing your horrible attitude and fussing so much? Are you going through menopause or something? Would you mind going somewhere else if you can't bear us? Why create a fuss here?" Chloe cruelly ridiculed her.



Ethan listened on in a daze, realizing that this young girl was not ordinary.
Anastasia was so angry that her whole body trembled. She glared at Ethan and Chloe with resentment, cursing angrily.


"Okay, very well! Do you think that by bringing thislittle b*tch to support you, you can be arrógant in front of me?!”


"I'll have you know that my boyfriend will be here soon, and you two b*tches won't be spared! Just wait and see!”



Slap!



Before Anastasia could finish her curse, Chloe stood up and slapped her hard across the face!



"You can insult me, but you better show some respect to my guest!Otherwise, the next slap won't be so light!”



Chloe stared at Anastasia, her expression ice cold.


"You.., you dared to hit me?”
Anastasia covered her face, looking at Chloe.



Ethan couldn't believe what he saw. He didn't think Chloe would defend him. He was ready to speak when she gave him a comforting grin and said, "D'on't be afraid. I can still keep you safe in this kind of place! I can slap that b*tch across the face if she tries to offend you once again!"



"Thank you," he responded with a smile. She was the first girl who stood up for him, even though they weren't very familiar with each other.



"No problem,you helped me yesterday too," Chloe smiled back.



Suddenly, Anastasia burst into tears and ran towards the restaurant's entrance.



"Darling, what happened?”



A man in a suit was just entering when he asked, his eyebrows slightly furrowed,
"Those two bastards conspired against me! They even slapped me.and my face is all swollen!" Anastasia pointed to her red and swollen cheek as she cried.



"What?!" The man's face dafkened, but when he caught sight of Chloe,a strange look flashed in his eyes.



"Did you hit my woman?" the man walked up to them, his gaze disdainful as he looked at Ethan. His instinctively assumed that Ethan was the culprit.



“It was me." Chloe immediately took responsibility, showing no signs of fear. Somehow, she seemed to have certain privileges in this restaurant.



“You?" The man looked at her, a slightly cold smile forming at the corner of his mouth as the strange look his eyes grew more apparent.



"Very well, I like your personality,"he said, his gaze excited and perverse."Pretty girl, I can give you a chance. If you spend a day with me, I'll let this incident go. What do you think?"
Feeling displeased, Anastasia protested,"Darling,how can you..."


“Shut up!" The man snapped angrily, leaving her feeling wronged and unable to say anything.



"Lady, the poor man next to you has neither money nor power. He would definitely need a year to save enough money for a single meal here. He is not deserving of you. On the other hand, I can bring you here for meals every day if you choose to be with me.I have a lot more money than the destitute man standing next to you!I can even give you my car if you agree." Without even looking at Ethan, the man slammed his Ferrari keys onto the table with an air of confidence.



The people watching this scene didn't step in to intervene, but instead derived pleasure from the commotion. Many of them were looking down on Ethan.



Anyone with eyes could see that the man's clothes alone were worth tens of thousands of dollars, if not more, while Ethan's clothes were simply cheap goods.



A true portrayal of poverty!
To them. Ethan was probably bringing Chloe here to eat and pick up girls.



When he heard this, Ethan said nothing. Since he and Chloe had just recently met, he didn't mind if she went with the dapper man.



He had no idea that Chloe would scowl when she heard the man's statements.



"Do you think you can show off just because you have some money?Do I look like I need your dirty money? Use your wallet to support your mother and get lost!"
###Chapter25 Anger


Chloe stared angrily at the man. Men who flaunted their money disgusted her the most!



This was because they usually viewed women as toys, completely obvious to the meaning of respect!



Seeing this, Ethan looked at her with surprise. He knew she didn't lack money, but he didn't expect her to be this fierce.



"Are you sure you want to refuse me?" the man said,his face turning grim.



"Didn't you hear my friend swear loudly at you just now? Are you stupid or deaf? If you're really unhealthy, go visit the hospital rather than this restaurant," This is when Ethan also gave a chilly mockery. He naturally wanted to stand behind Chloe since she had stated her position so clearly.



Hearing this, Chaloe chuckled and looked at Ethan, “I didn't expect you to be so good at insulting people,"
"No choice, they're being so foolish. Coming to a restaurant but not eating properly, offering themselves up to be insulted,” Ethan shrugged and laughed.



As the two bantered back and forth, the man's face turned almost as dark as coal.



Anastasia,however, smiled mockingly as she pointed at the two while shouting coldly,“You assh*les! How dare you insult my boyfriend like this? You're in big trouble!"



As soon as she said that, a commnanding voice could be heard.



"Who dares to cause trouble in our restaurant? Do you have any desire to live anymore?”



A middle-aged man with an authoritative aura approached imposingly.



He was Caleb, the manager of this establishment!
The scenario was too complex for the ordinary staff to manage. The patrons here were nobility or the wealthy, after all, and they would not dare step in if there was a brawl between the aristocrats. Thus.they summoned Caleb.



Despite his modest status as a small manager, Caleb was empowered to speak for Cloud Group and deal with these disruptive individuals. Under the company's protection, those people would be afraid to retaliate.



"Caleb,you're quite imposing. Are you trying to kill me?”the man said,scanning Caleb coldly.



“Sir!"



Seeing the man, Manager Caleb's previously imposing demneanor instantly vanished, replaced with a flattering look as he hurriedly ran over.



He asked,"Why are you here? I don't know what happened,but did someone infuriate you?"
He wiped off his cold sweat, frightened.



Evan was not someone to mess with!



"You're the manager here? These two people harassed us while we were eating. If you kick them out now, I won't report this incident,and I won't send a complaint about you," Chloe said hurriedly.



After she finished speaking, Caleb looked at Chloe as if she were silly.



"Miss,did you offend Evan?" he coldly asked.



"What do you mean, offend him? It was they who started harassing us! We were merely reacting!" Manager Caleb's attitude greatly annoyed Chloe,who immediately threw a golden card at him as she said, "Do you recognize this card? I hereby order you to get rid of them!”



"A golden membership card!”
Seeing this membership card, Caleb was stunned, then burst into laughter.



The people who could become golden members here did have remarkable statuses, but compared to Evan, they were nothing!



A hint of scorn appeared on Evan's face as he scoffed. Now he saw why the other person was so confident, even though he had been hesitant to ask!



He had no worries left.



Anastasia even mocked Ethan and Chloe,“Hahaha! You're a joke,you useless wastes! Did you check if this woman has a functional brain? Using a golden membership card in front of my beloved, do you even know who he is?”



"His name is Evan, the vice president of a company under Cloud Group! Despite you, you're using a worthless membership card to kick us out? You guys are incredibly hilarious! Now bow down and humbly plead for forgiveness, and my darling will spare you!
Otherwise,you will not have a happy ending today!"
Anastasia looked at the two with a sneer, proudly speaking.


"What? Cloud Group's vice president??" Hearíng this, Chloe's face turned slightly pale.



Even though Evan might come from a third-rate family she didn't know about, she still knew Cloud Group!



That was a top enterprise!



Even if the man in front of her was just the vice-president of a company under the group, he could still be considered part of the Cloud Group. If things escalated, it would indeed be troublesome.



"How do you feel? Do you feel afraid now?" With a haughty demeanor, Anastasia folded her arms and uttered, "I'll tell you what,kneeling down and expressing regret is us giving you a second chance. Take it seriously! Otherwise, it won't be that easy if you miss this chance!”



"Yeah,kneel down and apologize before Evan gets angry. It's not that embarrassing. If you get kicked out after being taught a lesson.
it will be even mòre embarrassing." Caleb also chimed in.


Biting her red lips. Chloe watched them approach her, hatred and wrath visible in her stunning eyes. They were obviously not at fault.so why should they apologize?



"Are you bullying me?" she exclaimed.



"Hahaha! So, what if I am?” Evan sneered, his gaze wandering over Chloe."Now,you have only two choices: kneel and apologize,or be my woman. I promise that even if I bully you, it'll only be in bed."



As he said that, the people arounad burst into laughter.



"You!” Listening to his lewd words, Chloe was both angry and hateful. She clenched her fists tightly.


She never would've feared such a bastard in the past. After all,these folks would've been horrified simply to hear her prominent family name mentioned. However, she had just gotten away from her house. She would most likely be reprimanded and be taken back if she called her family right now. She didn't want to do that.
However, if she didn't make the call, today's situation would indeed be troublesome.



“Evan isn't usually interested in people. He's willingly chasing you yet many women would do everything to win his favor. Don't you think it's an honor? It's such an easy decision, so why not take it?He's incredibly wealthy and attractive, and now he's offering you a chance to become closer.you are you foolish enough to not cherish this chance?" with a patronizing glance in Chloe's direction, Caleb convinced her from the side.



Chloe was so angry that she couldn't speak.



"I never thought your Sunrise Restaurant would have such a negative attitude. Is a manager actually bullying the helpless? Well,I've seen it all today. Is your supervisor aware of your actions?"Ethan looked at Manager Caleb with a spark of suppressed rage in his eyes, sneering as he sipped his tea. By allowing such filth beneath him, he had damaged his company's prestige!
###Chapter26 Survival of the Fittest


"What? Don't agree, kid? That's fust how the world works. It's survival of the fittest. Even if the boss finds out, he would support what I did," Caleb sneered, Tooking scornfully at Ethan. "Look at yoursell. You're not worthy of this beautiful woman. only Evan is."



Evan also condescendingly glanced at Ethan before coldly laughing at Chloe. "Alright, beautiful, I've run out of patience. Sínce you refuse to accept my conditions, I won't force you, but he will suffer the consequences,"



With a cold smile, he pointed at Ethan. "Break his legs and throw him out,”



Evan's gaze was arrogant. With his status and position, he didn't even acknowledge ordinary people.



Inside, even if something went wrong, it could be resolved with some money.



"Men!” Caleb called out coldly.
Whoosh!


In an instant. several security guards appeared behind Caleb.



"Did you all understand Evan's orders? Hurry up and get rid of this trash." Caleb looked at Ethan as if he were looking at a corpse.



"Don't mess around!" Chloe's face changed,"Lay a finger on him and I will call the police.”



Caleb sneered disdainfully, “Call the police? The police station is full of Evan's people. What difference would it make if you called them?”



Upon hearing this, slight panic finally appeared on Chloe's face. She could protect herself now, but she couldn't protect Ethan.



What should she do?



Should she call someone for help?
Seeing Chloe's panicked expression, Anastasia, who was unsatisfied just a moment ago, suddenly felt triumphant and sneered,“B*tch!You were so big-headed, right? Show me how arrogant you can be now? Watch your man get beaten to death! You will also be utterly toyed with by our Evan!" She said coldly, her eyes filled with hatred.



Caleb waved his hand coldly,"Hurry up and get to work. Clean this scum up!"



"You...” Looking at the security guards approaching with batons.Chloe's face turned pale.



“Don't worry, Chloe. I'll handle this."



Ethan held onto her and looked at Caleb calmly,“Have you thought this through? Do you really want to be someone else's dog?"



"You got a death wish, kid? Kill him!” Caleb was infuriated and shouted before grabbing a security baton and swinging it toward Ethan.
Bang!


Ethan dodged, the baton striking the table hard and leaving deep cracks to appear on the tempered glass surface. Caleb's hand throbbed with pain.



He didn't expect Ethan to actually dodge that attack. Before he could react, Ethan grabbed him by the throat and slammed his head against the table!



Shatter!



The tempered glass shattered completely, shards flying everywhere along with a strong, red color of blood. Ethan didn't stop there; he grabbed a chair with his other hand and struck again.



Caleb's head bust open, his spine fracturing!



"Arghhh!" he let out a sound akin to a pig being slaughtered.


The next moment, Ethan kicked him out and said, “F*ck off!"
Thud!



Caleb fell to the ground, eyes rolled back with his life dangling by a thread.



Those around them were also shocked. No one expected Ethan to be so ruthless!



Chloe was taken aback as well, a hint of astonishment simultaneouisly rising in her heart.



Didn't Ethan say he couldn't fight, but just had a little more strength?



Was this... really just a little more strength?



"It's your turn." Ethan looked at Evan and Anastasia.



At this point, both of them were immobilized with terror.
“You dare lay a hand on me? Do you know where you are?” Evan shouted in panic at,the stunned security personnel.“What are you standing there for? Get him!”"


Only then did the security guards react and rush toward Ethan.



Many customers in the restaurant put down their chopsticks,turning their heads to see what was happening.



“What's going on? Someone dares to cause trouble at Sunrise Restaurant?"



"Do they not want to survive in Novaria?”



"This is Sunrise Restaurant, the top luxury restaurant under Cloud Group!”



"If anyone dares to make a scene in here, it's equivalent to a death sentence!"



No matter the reason, whoever makes the first move wouldn't end
well!



Besides,those security guards weren't to be trifled with.



Just as many people were preparing to see how Ethan would be beaten up. their jaws dropped in astonishment!



They saw him dodging left and right, effortlessly taking down his opponents without any injuries!



On the other hand, Evan and Anastasia were dumbfounded.



The customers in Sunrise Restaurant were all wealthy, so the security here is top-notch, being at least military-level!



Despite that, he took care of them that easily?



Was he even human?


Chloe breathed a sigh of relief when she saw Ethan was fine, but
then seemed to realize something as her heart sank.



By publicly beating up Caleb and the security guards,it was obvious that the situation had escalated. Not only would Evan go after Ethan, but Sunrise Restaurant's business and reputation would be affected, with Ethan held responsible.



However, it wasn't his fault. After all, he did this to defend himself



Oh no. She can only use her connections now...



Chloe bit her lip.



Although she didn't want to, there was no other way now.
Otherwise, Ethan would be in serious trouble!



Ethan, who was squatting on the ground, stood up and looked at
Evan with a smile. "By the way, what was it you said earlier?
Survival of the fittest? Kneel down and apologize? Disable me?"



Feeling the coldness in his smile, Evan suddenly felt weak in his
legs and stammered, "You... Don't you dare mess around, I...I...I...”



He felt his throat dry up, struggling to speak clearly. He didn't want to end up like Caleb!



However, at that moment, the door suddenly opened.



There was a commotion as a group of elegantly-attired men and women entered, led by a seemingly-extraordinary man. It was clear that they had a remarkable status.



As soon as the man appeared, the scene's atmosphere instantly changed. Everyone's face showed a hint of respect and fear.



The man was none other than Kevin, Sunrise Restaurant's owner.


"Can someone tell me what's going on here?"



Today, he happened to be discussing business with a few out-of-town friends. When it was time to eat, he wanted to have a meal at
his own restaurant.



But who could've expected that as soon as he walked in,he would see this chaotic mess resembling nothing like a top-notch restaurant.It simply destroyed his reputation!



Hearing this, the onlookers couldn't help but let out cruel and cold laughter.



This was Kevin, a prominent figure. Whoever angered him was going to suffer a very unpleasant fate.
###Chapter27 Apologies


Kevin looked around, with everyone instinctively lowering their heads. Even the restaurant staff didn't dare step forward and become involved in this unfortunate situation.



At this moment, Evan secretly smiled and stepped forward to explain, “Boss, I'm Evan fromn Cloud Group's subsidiary company!We met at the company's annual meeting before... You still remember,right?”



He continued,"It all started when my woman came here and this guy bumped into her. Not only did he not apologize, but he also insulted her. Therefore, I came here to make him apologize, but he started causing a scene. Manager Caleb also tried to intervene, but ended up getting severely injured...”



Following Evan's direction, Kevin looked over and saw Caleb lying on the ground in a miserable state. His face changed colors as he said,"Splendid, just amazing. It's been years since someone last dared to cause trouble in my place!"
Regardless of who was right or wrong, or the reasons behind it. how dare someone lay hands on the customers in his restaurant? They simply didn't want to live!



"Yes, Boss! They even slapped mel These kinds of arrogant scum caused trouble in your restaurant, so they must be severely punished!" Anastasia also walked over, showing her red face.



"He's lying! That's not what happened at all, because they're the ones who started it!”



At this moment, Chloe quickly exclaimed, “Evan is making stuff up!It was that woman who caused trouble! And earlier, he and the manager said such offensive and insulting words to us, but now they're blaming us for everything!"



"Don't worry, I'll give everyone an explanation regarding this matter,"



Kevin looked at her, his face dark and his eyes icy, “Did you all really start a fight just now?"
If this incident didn't get a proper resolution, how could he continue to establish himself with the locals?



Chloe bit her lip, not knowing how to explain.


"No need to waste your breath with them. I made the first move.”



"What about your hand?” Before Chloe could finish speaking,Ethan, who had been facing away from Kevin all this time, finally turned around and took a step forward.



Upon hearing these arrogant words, the guests present Wasn't he afraid of divine punishment? Does he not fear death?



For a moment, the entire room fell silent, and everyone was eager to see what cruel means Kevin would use to take care of Ethan.



Kevin was burning with anger. Just as he was about to order someone to punish Ethan, he swallowed his words back when he saw Ethan's face clearly.
Wasn't this Ethan Wilson? Cloud Group's mysterious chairman he had heard of?!



He was the boss of his boss, and it wouldn't be an overstatement to say that he was his lifeline!



This mysterious chairman wasn't typically known even to the company executives. Kevin himself had only met Ethan by chance once before, never expecting to meet him again in his own restaurant and in such a situation!



If Ethan were to get angry, not only would Kevin lose his position,but his future would also be in jeopardy!



Cold sweat instantly broke out on his forehead as he hurriedly walked over.



Seeing him walking straight toward Ethan, many people began to sneer.



This guy was indeed bold, actually daring to start a fight in Sunrise Restaurant.
Moreover, the person who had been fighting seemed to have an extraordinary background. Based on his speech, he seemed to know Kevin!



This matter was about to escalate completely!



Evan and Anastasia looked at Ethan with scorn in their eyes. Ethan had been arrogant, and now he would get what he deserved. Now, it was time for him and Chloe to suffer!



Even Caleb,who was lying on the ground with a broken skull and bleeding,stared at Ethan with eyes full of resentment. He wanted to see Kevin kill Ethan!



Contrary to their expectations, Kevin quickly wwalked up to Ethan,slightly bowing as he respectfully said,"Sir, what exactly happened here? Did those people disturb your meal?”



Seeing this, everyone was stunned. A strange silence filled the room.



No one had expected the situation to develop like this.
Not only did Kevin not punish Ethan severely, but he also respectfully asked him what happened?



What was going on?



Chloe,sitting across from Ethan, just as confused.



She thought that Ethan was done for!



Kevin was smart. He knew that Ethan kept his identity a secret from the world, so he kept his mouth shut.



"Not only did they interrupt my meal, but Caleb, as the manager,dared to bully the weak in public, trying to make my friend sleep with that scumbag. Tell me, does your restaurant not have any rules?" Ethan's tone was calm, but it sounded like a heavy bombshell in Kevin's ears!



How dare these bastards try to steal Mr. Wilson's woman?



They didn't even have enough to lives to make up for their deaths!
"Is that so?!" Kevin's gaze turned ice-cold as he looked back at Evan, Anastasia, and Caleb on the ground.



Upon hearing Kevin's words, Evan's face turned pale as he quickly
said,"Boss, don't listen to this kid's nonsense...”



“Shut up!” Kevin turned his head, glaring at Evan with a dark expression. “Get over here and apologize to this gentleman and this lady immediately!"



Kevin's voice was stern.



"Boss...” Evan was baffled, wanting to explain something, However,when he saw Kevin's gloomy face, he immediately shut his mouth.He also knew he had no choice.



If he offended Kevin, the latter could easily destroy him with his position in Cloud Group!



"Evan, why should we apologize to these losers? I don't want to!"Anastasia protested unwillingly.
Although Evan was also from Cloud Group, Kevin actually helped an outsider instead of his own people!


“Shut up and apologize to them!" Evan shouted angrily.



"You don't want to? Fine," Kevin sneered.“I'll report your behavior to those above, which has already seriously affected Cloud Group's image. At that point, not only will you lose your position,but there will also be a sky-high compensation fee. Sunrise Restaurant will do everything in its power to destroy your family!”



Upon hearing Kevin's words, Evan's heart trembled.



With the man's position, he could definitely accomplish what he said!



Although their family is wealthy, their assets were only a few tens of millions of dollars. If Kevin suppressed them, how could they survive?



It would mean death!
Thinking of this, Evan immediately knelt down with a thump



"I'm sorry! I was wrong!"



“Please forgive me, both of you. I'm just a foul-mouthed jerk!”



“I'm a scumbag!"



"I offended you earlier, and I truly apologize!"



As he apologized, he knocked his head on the ground with a loud banging sound.



Chloe was also stunned, as if in a dream.



This man from Cloud Group actually knelt down and apologized to her?
###Chapter28 Are you satisfied?


Evan knocked his head firmly. With each one, his forehead cracked.blood flowing freely!



“Evan!”



Beside him, Anastasia's face turned pale as she desperately reached out and pulled at his sleeves, her voice quivering with tears,“Get up quickly! Why are you kneeling down to them? You're Evan, the vice president of a company. You...”



Evan screamed angrily and forcefully shoved her to the ground,kicking her mercilessly, “You still have the gall to speak? Kneel down with me!”



It's all this damn woman's fault!


Why did she provoke the wrong person?


Why did she have to anger such an important figure right in front
of him?


Doesn't she have a brain? Can't she understand the situation?



Although Kevin didn't say it explicitly, even a fool could tell that the status and position of these two people far surpassed his. After all,even he had to bow in front of them!



With his measly status and position, Evan wasn't even a fart. In front of this important person, he was trash; pure scum!



Anastasia's face was bruised and swollen from Evan's beatings. Hurt,she sobbed loudly, "Who are they anyway? Why are they making me kneel? You're supposed to love me the most, so why did you back down and even hit me?"



“Who are they?"



The same question was on everyone's mind, not just Anastasia's, but also the other customers at Sunrise Restaurant!
"That man kneeling on the ground, isn't he Evan, Cloud Group's deputy general manager?"



Not far away, several tables of customers set down their chopsticks and kept casting amazed looks toward Ethan. They couldn't help but exclaim,"Why would he kneel before someone?!”



“His family background isn't simple. His family's total assets are worth several million dollars, and they have a big status in Novaria.Is he making a fool of himself today?"



Someone lowered their voice, looking cautious, "Shh, keep your voice down. Didn't you see the boss? In front of that young man,even the boss had to bow and smile respectfully. His status is definitely extraordinary!"



"Look, the young man is standing up..."



Under countless gazes, Ethan slowly stood up.


Looking down at Evan from above, he spoke deeply, “As a subordinate of Cloud Group, you humiliated others in public,

bringing shame to the company! Are you truly worthy of being the company's deputy general manager? Do you deserve that position?!"


Evan trembled in fear, crawling toward Ethan and tightly grasping the man's legs while crying out, "Please calm down, Sir! It was my mistake to offend you! Please, show me mercy. I'm willing to work for you like a dog. I truly know my wrongs!”



"Work like a dog?“



Ethan's body trembled, and he directly sent Evan flying with each firm word,"In my company, virtue comes first before ability! What of those qualities do you have for you to dare become my subordinate? Do you deserve it?!"



Evan was thrown five meters away and fell to the ground, as lifeless as ashes. He deeply regretted his idiocy!



"Sir?”


Kevin stood beside with a respectful expression and cautiously said."Should I contact Vice President Wilson now to terminate Evan's
Rosition?"



Ethan's face was cold and indifferent as he said in a deep voice,“Tell him that the new deputy general manager of this subsidiary must possess both virtue and talent, along with outstanding abilities!Dismiss Evan immediately, and notify all subsidiaries under Cloud Group, including relevant partner companies, to never hire him again!”



With a single command, Kevin didn't dare to delay even half a second. He immediately walked to the side and quietly made a call to Jayden.



Just half a minute later...



Buzz...


Evan's phone buzzed urgently in his pocket, indicating an incoming call.



He took out his phone and saw the caller ID, making his scalp tingle.It was Luke, his immediate superior and his companay's
president!



With a voice filled with rage, Luke's voice boomed through the phone,"Evan, what the hell did you do? Abusing your position and acting all high and mighty? You, don't even say a word! Just pack up and get lost! You're finished, and so is your family!"



After speaking, there was a loud click as he abruptly hung up the call.



Evan was completely frightened.



Everything was ruined!



He worked so hard to reach his current position, only for it to be destroyed in an instant. It was all because of that despicable Anastasia!



"I'll kill you!"



Suddenly garnering energy, he grabbed Anastasia's neck, wishing to
strangle this despicable woman to death!


“Enough!”



Kevin coldly shouted and quickly walked in front of Ethan,slightly bowing his head.“Sir,how should we proceed with this? How do we deal with Evan... and this bastard!"



As he said that, he pointed his finger at Caleb, who was lying on the ground.Caleb was in a pitiful state. Ethan had broken his spine,and the back of his head was also injured. He laid on the ground convulsing, but his consciousness remained clear, having seen everything that had just happened. He had reached the position of manager for a reason, which was that he wasn't stupid. Now,everything was very clear to him.



This man in front of him even made Kevin humble himself, and a single word from him could determine life or death!



"Whether they live or die, I don't want to waste my time thinking about it." Ethan's gaze lowered, and he calmly spoke, "This is your territory, handle it as you see fit.”
Kevin's heart shook violently.


This was... a test from Mr. Wilson, the chairman!



If he handled this incident well, he would easily rise to success. But if he messed up, his position might come to an end. If Mr. Wilson wanted to deal with him, it'd be as simple as eating and drinking water!



"Despicable creature!" Kevin's mind suddenly became clear.He turned angry as he kicked Caleb's temple with force, knocking him out cold. Afterward, he said with fury, "To dare anger Mr. Wilson,you don't deserve to live!"



After the kick, his gaze fell once again on Evan's face.



There was an air of murderous intent.



Boom!


A thunderous sound exploded in Evan's mind, and Kevin's gaze
startled him, making his heart pound. He desperately looked toward Ethan and begged,"Sir...”



Before he could finish his sentence, his words got stuck in his throat.



Ethan's gaze sent shivers down his spine!



It was cold, resembling indifferent eyes of someone superior looking down on ants!



"You angered Mr. Wilson, and you still ask for mercy?" Kevin's eyes narrowed. "If you refuse being a decent person, then be a dog instead! Break his limbs so he can never stand again!"


Several bodyguards behind them acted at the same time. With their strong and powerful legs raised high, they stomped down heavily.



“Arghhh!”


Evan was in excruciating pain as his legs and arms were crushed by
the bodyguards, letting out a heart-wrenching scream.



Next to him, Anastasia was suffocating from being choked. When she opened her eyes and saw this scene, her eyelids fluttered and her face turned pale, collapsing directly on the ground.



The bodyguards hesitated as they glanced at Kevin. One of them asked,“Boss,what about this woman?"



Kevin turned his head anad looked at Ethan. On the other hand.Ethan raised his cup and sipped his drink, his face calm.



Afterward, he commanded,“She insulted me with vulgar language.Slap her a hundred times and beat her filthy mouth!"



Kevin's gaze turned ruthless. "Make sure you slap her unti you break all her teeth with the slaps, then throw her out!"



The bodyguards struck left and right, swinging their hands with full force as they ruthlessly slapped Anastasia's face. Soon, her mouth filled up with blood and broken teeth. She could only scream in agony until she fell into a complete coma,no longer making any
sound.



Evan,Caleb, and Anastasia were ultimately grabbed by a few bodyguards and flung ouat of the restaurant's entrance as if they were sacks, landing heavily on the dusty streetand raising a cloud of dust.



"They've all been settled with."



Inside the restaurant, Kevin finally felt a sense of relief.He cautiously looked toward Ethan and asked, "Sir, are you satisfied with our actions?"
###Chapter29 Mental Preparation


"Ethan remained silent, only glancing at Kevin. His gaze held a hint of approval.



"Thank you, Sir!" Kevin said gratefully, feeling a huge weight lifted off his shoulders. He then turned to Chloe respectfully."Miss, as Mr.Wilson's friend, you are a valued guest in our restaurant. Therefore.please accept this."



As he spoke, Kevin retrieved a gold-plated card from his pocket and handed it to Chloe, cradling it in both hands.



Sunrise Restaurant's Supreme VIP Card!


As a Supreme VIP, all expenses at the restaurant will be given a 50% discount, and you will receive the highest-quality service.



In all of Novaria, there weren't even ten of these membership cards!



Chloe held the card and glanced at Kevin, then to Ethan, her face filled with astonishment. The way Kevin handled Evan and the others earlier so quickly and neatly already left her in shock
And now, he personally gave her this supreme membership card.which left her feeling somewhat overwhelmed.



C

'Who exactly is Ethamn, to command such respect from Sunrise Restaurant's owner?' Chloe wondered with excitement and surprise.'Is he a close friend? No, that doesn't seem right... Do they owe him money?!



As soon as she thought of that, Chloecouldn't help but burst into laughter. It was impossible for them to owe Ethan money! Under Cloud Group, Sunrise Restaurant was an established name in Novaria's dining scene, well-known for its enormous profitability.Kevin was worth at least a few billion dollars as the owner, so how could he possibly be indebted to Ethan?



Just who was this guy? His skills were impressive, and his status was certainly not simple. Chloe felt like she had stumbled upon a treasure this time!



Not only her, but everyone in the restaurant was now fixated on Ethan, speculating about his identity. Those who were more well-informed leaned in, whispering softly, "Did you see that? When the owner came, he even bowed to that man! Friends don't typically do that to each other,so who could he be?”
"Evan's limbs are all broken, and that woman suffered even worse."a female customet paled, stealing a glance at Ethan's face. "Do you think this gentleman could be the owner's superior, a high-ranking executive at Cloud Group?"



Some male customers couldn't help but envy the attention Ethan and Chloe were receiving, their gazes shifting between the two with admiration.



The man was handsome and charismatic, while the woman was stunningly beautiful, like a goddess! To live life at such heights was the pinnacle of success!



"There's no need to guess about my identity," Ethan disregarded all the surrounding gazes, smiling lightly at Chloe. "We're just friends."


Friends. With just a simple word, Chloe's smile bloomed instantly,with the precious VIP membership card in her hand shining even brighter.



In front of Chloe, he smiled and said, "50% discount, and the previous orders don't count. I'll be paying, so order whatever you want again!"
There was no need to place an order at all.


Kevin had already made arrangements before leaving. A luxuríous food trolley quickly arrived,filled with Sunrise Restaurant's signature dishes costing at least a few hundred thousand dollars.



As the dishes were being plated, Chloe's smile gradually froze.



A few hundred thousand dollars?! Even with a 50% discount, it was still a huge amount. Starting a business wasn't easy, and seeing so much money being spent on just one meal made her heart ache.



The food trolley server was extremely respectful. "The owner said that your bill today will be paid by the restaurant. Please enjoy your meal."



Ethan shook his head and smiled. "That's thoughtful.Tell the owner he did a good job."



“Yes,Sir!”


The server bowed and then pushed the food trolley away.
Chloe was once again stunned, looking at Ethan with a puzzled expression.


Kevin must owe this guy a lot of money!


"The food is here,let's eat."


Ethan said as he picked up his chopsticks and started eating quietly.


Although it was the same meal, their moods were completely different. Ethan ate calmly, but occasionally furrowed his brows while lost in thought.


On the other hand, Chloe ate with great enthusiasm while guessing Ethan's identity. She couldn't help but look at his face from time to time, unable to contain her curiosity. "You don't seem very happy. Is something the matter?"


"I'm feeling a bit emotional.”


He put down his chopsticks and his gaze slightly darkened. "Evan is just the vice president of a subsidiary company, but he abuses Cloud Group's reputation, acting arrogantly and domineeringly.It's despicable.”
Chloe ate and smiled. "That's normal. Cloud Group is such a big company,so the employees below would naturally bemixed up. The upper management could only turn a blind eye to this, since they can't really do anything else about it."



Turn a blind eye?


A cold light flashed in Ethan's eyes.



A big wooden house can be destroyed bya colony of termites.People like Evan were stumbling blocks in Cloud Group's development. They must be thoroughly eradicated, with no compromises!



"Actually, Evan isn't the worst. There are people worse than him."Chloe obviously didn't notice Ethan's expression. She took a sip of her juice as her pretty face showed slight concern. "Ah, I didn't want to tell you this."



Four months ago, her company collaborated with a subsidiary company under Cloud Group, but even after the project was completed, they still hadn't received the final payment of over 6million dollars. They couldn't retfieve it no matter what, and it was giving her a headache!
"That subsidiary company is not short of money."


The more Chloe talked, the more frustrated she became.



She sulked, not even drinking the juice, and said,"I work in interior design, and making money is not easy!"



“That bastard Zachary,taking advantage of being Cloud Group's subsidiary, is deliberately not paying. Tell me, isn't he more horrible than Evan?!”



Zachary!



Ethan's gaze suddenly turned cold.


Zachary was the president of Cloud Infrastructure, and his reputation in the industry has never been great. However, his work performance was still decent and brought in considerable profits to the group.



But it's not a reason to maliciously withhold payment for a collaboration!
During the interrial reorganization of Cloud Group,he will be targeted!



"After dinner, let's go to Cloud Infrastructure," Ethan remained calm and said lightly, "I'll ask Zachary for the payment he owes you."



"You'll ask him for me?”



Chloe was first taken aback, her pretty face filled with disbelief.



But even Kevin showed such respect toward Ethan,so maybe this guy really has a way?



"I'd given up hope, but since you say so, let's give it one more try.'she pursed her lips and smiled lightly.



"However, be prepared. If you get kicked out by Zachary as well,don't blame me for not warning you."



Too?


Ethan caught onto that word precisely and chuckled a few times.
He felt secretly annoyed!


With just one word, it was obvious that she had been kicked out by Zachary more than once when demanding payment!



Was this how Cloud Infrastructuretreated their partners?



Zachary must've taken the presidency to an extreme!



"Let's continue eating."



Ethan picked up his chopsticks again and said softly, "We'll leave after we finish."



Half an hour later.



The two of them left Sunrise Restaurant. Chloe drove,and they swiftly headed toward Cloud Infrastructure in a white BMW X3sedan,
###Chapter30 No Pleasantries


In the Novaria North Development Zone, at Cloud Infrastructure's president's office. Zachary sat on his revolving chair while holding his charming secretary in his arms. His pleased grin reflected his enjoyment as his fingers strayed beneath her formal skirt.



"Sir," the secretary's eyes were seductive, her body twisted in his arms like a water snake,“You promised to buy a villa for me, but I haven't even seen the shadow of it!”



Zachary chuckled and took out a bunch of keys from his desk,stuffing them into her collar. "Take these!”



"What are these?”



She couldn't contain her excitement as she took the keys from her chest.



Zachary replied,with his face flushed with excitement.




邱
"The Thomas family's villa; it's yours."
He reached out his hand and squeezed her waist elatedly. "That girl.Chloe, probably hasn't even realized that I already used up her final payment for the project. I used that money to buy the villa!"


The secretary giggled flirtatiously.



Swallowing the final payment was something Zachary had done countless times; he was familiar with it!



Cloud Infrastructure was Cloud Group's subsidiary, and it had no shortage of partners. Who would dare make a fuss over him swallowing one payment after another?



In Novaria, Cloud Group was everything!


Zachary smirked and touched his belt, "I gave you the villa, so how will you thank me?"



The secretary understood, throwing a seductive glance while slowly reaching down.


Just at that moment.
There was a knock on that door, and a young man's voice came through the wooden door, "Reporting, Sir, the manager of Chloe Renovations is here and wants to see you!"



"Chloe Renovations?”


Zachary was in a good mood and waved his hand impatiently.
"Doesn't she know I'm busy? Tell her to leave,and..."



But suddenly, a wicked gleam flashed in his eyes.


Chloe wasn't ordinary pretty. She was young and beautiful,like a fresh and tender peach. She paid great attention to the final payment for their last collaboration, so she's visited him several times!



"If I can get her into bed..." Zachary's thoughts grew hotter and hotter. He pushed his secretary aside and raised his voice,“Tell her I have some free time, bring her in!”"



Outside the door, the sound of the young man's footsteps quickly faded.



About three minutes later.
With a creak, the door was pushed open from the outside. Chloe and Ethan walking in one after the other.



“Hmm?”



Zachary glanced at her pretty face; his eyesfilled with desire. Then,he looked at Ethan and couldn't hide the hint of mockery at the corner of his eyes.



In the previous visits for payment, she came alone, but now she brought an assistant?



Looking at his expressionless face, Ethan irritated anyone who laid eyes on him!



“Sir.”



Chloe endured Zachary's observant gaze and politely smiled,"According to the agreement, our collaboration has already been completed, and the final payment should've been given to me a month ago."



However,her words were directly interrupted.
Zachary crossed his legs and constantly admired her exquísite figure, his eyes filled with greed, "Miss Miller, you want money.right? Let's be straightforward; I have money! Come to Moon Hotel,Room 1106 at 8 tonight. You know what to do!"



Chloe's mind raced and exploded with anger. With a hum.her delicate fists clenched tightly, shaking with anger.



Scum,rogue,bastard,scum!



Not only did he not give her the money, but he also wanted her to sleep with him?



Shouldn't he go take a piss and look in the mirror to see his ugly face, resembling a whole car accident scene? He was simply disgusting!



"As far as I know, Cloud Infrastructure is Cloud Group's subsidiary," Ethan calmly said beside Chloe. "I have checked Cloud Group's employee regulations, and the 6th article strictly prohibits any department or individual from doing anything damaging to the company's interests, image, reputation, or development."
F

"May I ask, if your actions here are reported to Cloud Group's high-
Jevel management, could you still keep your position as president?"



Ethan's voice wasn't loud, but every word was determined and sharp!



"You've got quite a sharp tongue!"



Zachary shifted his legs and sneered at Ethan with a sideways glance."Talking to me about employee regulations?”



As he said that, he slammed the table with arrogance. "Kid,remember that this is my territory, my company! I have the final say!”



"And you, Chloe. Is this the kind of employee you have under you?How dare he talk to me like this? Get him out of here, I don't want to see him any longer!"



"Sir, you've gone too far!"



Chloe's chest was about to burst with anger as she glared fiercely at Zachary,ready to scold him.
"Zachary," Ethan waved his hand gently, signaling her not to say more as he whispered, "I'll give you three minutes to settle the final payment for the cooperation in full. Otherwise,you'll face the consequences. Countdown starts now!”



Three minutes? Countdown?



Zachary burst into laughter instantly.



He patted his thigh, motioning for his secretary to come over as he embraced her thin waist with a sneer. "Secretary, tell them where the final payment is?”



The secretary twisted her waist, glancing at Chloe and Ethan with pursed lips as she softlychuckled."You don't need to think about the fina payment, since the president bought me a villa with it! Do you know about the Thomas family in Novaria? That villa belongs to them!”



The Thomas family villa?!



Ethan's heart skipped a beat.


His emotions couldn't help but become complicated!
1
He had lived in the Thomas family's villa for three years and naturally had some feelings toward it. Now that the Thomas family had gone bankrupt, the villa was mortgaged and sold at a low price to Zachary. Even worse, it had been given to his mistress.



A hidden woman!


"Listen carefully! Chloe didn't get it because I've spent all that money!” Zachary obviously didn't notice Ethan's expression, and even if he did, he wouldn't care at all. He arrogantly laughed,"Listen closely and get lost now, or don't blame me for being rude later!”



Ethan understood, and Chloe understood it even more!



She originally wanted to curse angrily, but when she saw Ethan's silent face, she sighed faintly in her heart and pulled his sleeve.“I knew it. We definitely wouldn't get the money back. Forget it, let's go.”



As she spoke, she turned around to leave.


"No,”Ethan shook his head slowly.
His feet seemed to have taken root on the ground. standing firmly in place with his gaze and voice equally cold. "Zachary. I'd like to see how impolite you can be!"



“Oh?” Zachary sneered and pointed at Ethan,full of arrogance."It−S simple to deal with you, isn't it? Secretary, call someone and kick this guy out for me!"



The secretary slid off his thigh, glancing at Ethan with scorn.
Afterward,she picked up the landline on the desk and shouted sweetly,“Bring all the security guards up right now. There's trouble here,and we need these people thrown out!"
###Chapter 31 Alarm


"The security guards arrived quickly, consisting a total of ten people!


Led by a captain, they all held rubber batons while some held electric ones them held electric batons, bursting into the CEO's office.



They surrounded Ethan and Chloe with fierce looks.


"Scared now? Do you see how rude I can be now?”



Zachary was smug, crossing his legs and propping them up on the desk. "It's not too late to regret now, as long as you kneel and beg me...”



Ethan no longer lístened to his nonsense.


Just like a high and mighty king, he had no interest in mocking ants!



One punch.
m
He only threw ore punch!



This punch was both firm and gentle, directly hitting the security captain's chest.


The security captain didn't even have a chance to dodge, his body forcefully falling and colliding with the other guards behind him.



Crash!



Taking advantage of their confusion, Ethan swiftly stepped forward.He wasn't scared of these burly men.



He continuously threw punches along with clever leg techniques.
The security guards were knocked down one after another,
screaming in pain and crying out repeatedly!



Beside Ethan, Chloe stared wide-eyed, unable to help but swallow her saliva.



It was too astonishing!


Back at Sunrise Restaurant, she had seen him take action and knock
down a group of security guards.



But at that time, there weren't as many guards, so his martíal arts skills weren't as impressive.



But now,such power...



It was clear that Ethan was furious!


"You know how to fight?!" Zachary jumped in shock,getting up from his chair as his legs trembled uncontrollably.



'I've misjudged him!'



This young man in front of me is actually skilled and can fight this well?



Cloud Infrastructure's security guards, arranged by Cloud Group,were either veterans or recruited individuals from society. Without exception, they've all received formal training and could handle three or four opponents.	台


However, even this professional security team couldn't withstand his
attacks.


Who really was he?!


“Don't hit me!" The secretary's face turned pale. She instinctively hid behind Zachary, her voice trembling as if she was about to cry.



Zachary's face changed again and again. He suddenly turned his head and glared at Ethan, his face full of arrogance."So, you can fight, huh? Then stay put! All I need is one phone call, and you won't be able to leave!"



"Don't let him make the call!”



Chloe almost reflexively shouted. shaking her head repeatedly at Ethan.



A hero cannot beat a multitude!


If Zachary makes a call and brings in a gang of thugs, even if Ethan was skilled, he wouldn't be able to handle it!


"Go ahead, I'll wait!" Ethan stood firm, his sharp gaze piercing into
Zachary. "No matter who you call, I'll be wvaiting to see who can save you today!"


"Fine, you asked for it. Don't regret it!" Zachary, fierce on the outside but cowardly within, pointed at Ethan while cursing.
Afterward. he pulled out his phone and quickly dialed a number.



Turning toward the wall, he quietly said a few words into the phone.



"What are you doing?!”



Beside Ethan, Chloe anxiously stomped her feet while holding his wrist."I said not to let him call, but you never listen. Come on, let's go! We still have time!"



Ethan remained unmoving, shaking his head slightly at her while only uttering,“Wait.”



After about ten seconds.



Zachary finished the call and slammed his phone on the desk,sinisterly mocking, "If you're a man, then don't leave. WVithin twenty minutes, my people will definitely arrive!"
Ethan didn't even spare him a glance, turning directly toward the sofa for guests. He gestured Chloe to sit next to hím, lifting the teapot to pour water. Drinking calmly, he displayed an unparalleled calmness.



"This fool..." Chloe clenched her teeth, feeling completely helpless as her mind raced mind racing with countless thoughts.



If things really escalated here, she'd to call her family at any cost and protect Ethan no matter what.



Time flew.



About twenty minutes later.


A series of urgent alarm sounds, accompanied by the roaring engines of vehicles, came from the road beneath Cloud Infrastructure's building.



In the CEO's office, Ethan paused slightly while holding a cup of water.



Sirens...
The police?


Zachary made that call, and it turns out he called the police?



Chloe,seemingly realizing something, turned to look at Ethan and almost sprayed out the tea she had just sipped.



She thought that coward, Zachary, had called his lackeys over
However, it turns out he rang the police!


Even though he owed her the project's final payment, he still had the gall to call the police?



When it came to having thick skin, nobody would dare claim to be number one if Zachary admitted to being number two!



"My men have arrived!" At this moment, Zachary had already returned to his chair, listening to the urgent sirens outside with a smug look. "If you have the guts, go ahead and make a move. Go on,take a look at them!"

F
As he said that, he pointed at the security guards sprawled on the ground while laughing loudly. "This is all evidence. After you beat them up, they haven't even gotten up! Let's see how you try to
defend yourself now!"



Just as he was speaking, a set of orderly and loud footsteps echoed.



A total of 12 police officers briskly entered the office, exuding an air of composure and professionalism.



The chief, with a guan around his waist, first glanced at the security guards on the ground before his expression darkened. He walked up to Zachary with large strides and whispered,“Boss.what's going on!?”



"Captain Clark,you finally showed up!"



Zachary and Clark was obviously famailiar with each other. He quickly stepped forward, pointing at Ethan with a smug and ruthless expression.



"He caused trouble in my company, and even attacked my security guards! He even extorted money from me, threatening my personal safety.Captain, please arrest and punish him severely. Have him sentenced to at least 10 years in perison!”



Clark frowned and turned to look at Ethan, his hand on the gun
handle. He said deeply, "Starting trouble and attempted injury is enough for criminal detention. You must come with us now!"



As soon as he said that, two police officers immediately rushed forward. They stood on both side, their eyes fixed on Ethan.



It seemed that if Ethan made any unusual movements, they would immediately take action!
###Chapter 32 Distorting Right and Wrong


Under the gaze of the two police officers, Ethan's expression remained unchanged.



He slowly raised his head, looking at Clark as he whispered, “Are you going to arrest me over just one side of the story? Captain Clark,isn't your law enforcement too oppressive? Zachary here owes me money, and I've come to collect it. However,instead of paying me back, he ordered his men to attack me!"



"These security guards attacked and injured me. I was only acting in self-defense, within the bounds of the law. Is there anything wrong with that? You won't arrest Zachary,but you want to bring us to the police station. Is this how you exercise your law enforcement powers given by the country?!"



Starting with a calm tone, his words were sharper with each sentence, piercing Clark's heart like a sword.



"Self-defense within the bounds of the law?" Clark raised an eyebrow, then turned to Zachary."Is that true?"
F


"Of course, he's lying!" Zachary sneered, looking at Ethan before
pointing at the secretary and the security guards. "Secretary, and all of you! Tell Captain. Clark what really happened here!"



The security guards whorn Ethan knocked down quickly got up.angrily pointing to Ethan as they cursed. "You're talking nonsense!It was clearly you who attacked us first!"



"Yes! We were all knocked down by him. He even broke my nose..."



The secretary's face twisted with malice."Captain Clark,they intentionally hurt people. They're criminals, spinning lies, and not a word can be trusted..."



With each statement, they spouted nonsense one after another,but their words were full of righteous indignation as if they were speaking the truth.



Zachary glanced at Ethan and Chloe,wearing a victorious expression.



"You dare challenge me?”
Ethan remained calm as always, disregarding Zachary's smug expression as he remained silent.



After all, they were unworthy of his words!



To Zachary, Ethan's calm demeanor seemed to carry a different meaning.



"Kid,you seem quite calm. What, are you acting tough?" Zachary sneered in a low voice, standing in front of Ethan."Are you angry?Frustrated? Listen, I have ten thousand ways to kill a useless piece of garbage like you, and there's nothing you can do except face it!"



After saying that, Zachary quickly returned to Captain Clark's side while smirking. "Captain Clark, now that you know the situation,how do you think it should be handled?"



"Of course,according to the law!" Clark coldly looked at Ethan and said,"The case has been investigated, and it's clear that the suspect maliciously injured others with a horrible attitude. According to relevant regulations, they will be detained for three months,also having to compensate for the security guards' medical expenses!"



"How serious!" Zachary glanced at Ethan, smirking insidiously.
"This guy isn't worth any pity,which is too bad for Miss Miller. I heard that the women's prison is filled with all sorts of deviants.There are inmates who enjoy tormenting, disfiguring people.and hurting others."



At this point, he glanced at Chloe's face and sighed, shaking his head in fake sorrow. "Miss Miller is so beautiful, but once she enters prison, her life will be over!"



Chloe's face instantly paled, and she instinctively grabbed Ethan's arm, unable to suppress a shiver.



A women's prison! She had heard some things about what happens inside. Some female prisoners who didn't do severe crimes would be killed by other inmates before they even got sentenced, and some never even made it to the news.



If she were caught and thrown in, even if they didn't kill her, her life would be-over!



"Sir!" Chloe forced a smile,"I apologize for your anger. We won't ask for the final payment for the project, and we can settle this matter privately. We're willing to compensate."
"Settle privately? Compensate?"



Zachary burst into wild laughter in his mínd, "So,you want to settle this privately?" He looked her up and down, unable to help himself as he licked his lips with a lecherous look on his face."Make this guy bow to me and apologize with 100 bows! As for you, come to Moon Hotel, Room 1106 by tonight. We can have a private conversation then!"



Chloe understood exactly what "private conversation" meant.


This old bastard wanted her to sleep with him!



Clark naturally understood Zachary's intentions. His mouth twitched involuntarily as he put on a righteous face and took on a dignified tone."Settling privately won't do. This is a criminal case, so it must be handled according to the law. Therefore, let's arrest her and then decide!”



Chloe's face turned even paler.



Once inside the prison, life and death are out of one's control. There were too many secrets and dangers!
"Miss Miller?" Seeing the fearful expression on Chloe's face.Zachary secretly gave a thumbs-up to Captain Clark, feeling overjoyed.



He quickly approached her, speaking in a low voice with a lewd grin. "Did you hear that? Captain Clark wants to throw you into prison! If you spend a night with me. I'll plead him and he'll spare you!"



As he spoke, his eyes scanned Chloe's chest, taking in the sight of her fair skin, causing his mouth to water.



"You disgusting pervert!"



Chloe raised her hand to cover her chest, looking at him with a face full of embarrassment and anger. "You can forget about it! I won't compromise, even if I have to go to jail! You're dreaming if you think I'll ever sleep with you!"



She scolded him while secretly feeling distressed.



This time, it's truly over!


After finally escaping from home and starting her own business, she wouldn't be able to avoid going back now!
She definitely couldn't go to prison. If it came to that, she could only involve her family.



'I need to call my family, otherwise this matter might not be resolved!' Chloe's thoughts were unknown to Zachary.



All he heard was a series of curses!



“You shameless b*tch!" Zachary, furious and embarrassed, returned to Captain Clark's side in long strides and forcefully said,“Captain Clark, no need to waste time with them, just arrest them immediately!"



Clark nodded, his gaze turning ruthless as he raised his hand and commanded,“Take action!"



The two officers closest to Ethan and Chloe immediately sprang into action, taking out handcuffs and moving forward to apprehend the two.



At that instant...



"Wait," Ethan made a move, holding his phone in his hand with a smile and said, "Zachary, I didn't stop you from making a phone
call just now. Now, would you not let me make a call as well?"


"Would I?" Zachary was momentarily startled, then burst into laughter.



He put his arm around Clark's shoulder, looking at Ethan scornfully as he said,"Do you know who Captain Clark·is? He is the Lord of Novaria 's nephew! Even if you make a hundred calls, it wouldn't matter!"



"If you have the guts, go ahead and make the call. I don't believe you can change the situation!"
###Chapter 33 Seeking Death on One's Own


Clark's uncle was actually Novaria's Lord?



Chloe was terrified by this news, her face changing.



The Lord was the supreme authority of the entire city. No one could offend him.



Being the most influential family in Chicago, close to Novariak,Chloe's family had a great deal of power, but even they have to humble themselves before the Lord.



What would be the consequences of offending the Lord's nephew?



Even if she called her family, it would be useless!



"Now you know how formidable Captain Clark is?" Zachary looked at Chloe's frightened expression with disdain and said arrogantly,"You wanted to make a phone call, right? Go ahead, make it!”


印

"Thinking of finding someone to deal with me and Captain Clark?The Lord can crush you with just a finger!"
Ethan shook his head and smiled.



Coincidentally!


The person he was about to call was none other than Robert Torres.Novaria's Lord!



Three years ago,Robert was just a Deputy Lord, responsible for attracting investment and the economic development Novaria.Within three years, he successfully rose up with Cloud Group's help.



Cloud Group itself, along with its subsidiary investment projects, was Robert's most significant achievement in politics.



It can be said that without the company, Robert wouldn't have succeeded.



In the current prosperous scene, Robert no longer holds the position of the city lord!



"Mr. Torres." Ethan dialed Robert's phone, not even lowering his voice and smiling slightly. "There's a small matter, so could I please trouble you to come over?"
He briefly explained the matter and then hung up the phone.


"You called my uncle?" Clark almost laughed out loud when he heard him end the call. "Are you acting in front of me? You're pretty good, and quite convincing!"



Indeed,it was quite ridiculous.



The position of the city lord was esteemed, and except for his relatives, ordinary people would never have his phone number.Calling him? It was utterly absurd to say the least.



Without exaggeration, in the whole of Novaria, the number of people qualified to have a direct conversation with the city lord wouldn't exceed ten!



"You really made me laugh!" Zachary laughed heartily, almost shedding tears. "I thought you were going to call someone important, but it turns out to be Mr. Torres!”



"You're expecting him to speak up for you? Are you stupid? You must be dreaming!"	F



“Weren't you listening to what I just said? Mr. Torres is Captain
Clark's uncle! If the city lord is supporting you, then I would kneel down and eat shit on the spot!"



Ethan nodded; his expression always very calm.“This proposal is not bad. If you want to eat shit, I can fulfill your wish."



After speaking, he turned his head and smiled slightly at the pale-faced Chloe, softly saying, "Don't worry, Mr. Torres will be here shortly.”



Chloe wanted to speak but hesitated,sighing in her heart.



"It would be fine if Mr. Torres doesn't come, but if he does, things will become even more difficult! Which uncle wouldn't favor their own nephew?"



'Oh, Ethan,you've really caused us a lot of trouble this time!'


Unbeknownst to them, time flew by quickly.


After about fifteen minutes, a sound of neat and powerful footsteps came from the corridor.
A middle-aged man walked in, assistant by a fotal of 20 elite bodyguards.



It was none other than the city lord of Novaria, Robert Torres!


"Uncle?!" Inside the office, Clark looked surprised and quickly went up to greet him."Why are you here? I..."



His words got stuck in his throat.



Robert completely ignored Clark and walked past him directly,quickly heading toward Ethan sitting on the sofa.


As he walked, he extended his right hand with a smile. "Mr. Wilson,there was a bit of traffic on the way. Did I make you wait long?"


Ethan also stood up from the sofa and shook hands with Robert,smiling. "Mr. Torres, you're joking. Come, have a seat, let's talk."


Afterward, they appeared like close friends, sitting down together.


As they were sitting on the sofa.
“Uncle."


Clark was quite shocked, forcing a smile on his face as he walked up to Robert.



Just seconds ago. Robert had a smile on his face, but he then harshly slapped Clark in fury. "What the hell have you done? Do you even know who Mr. Wilson is?!"



"Now. apologize to Mr. Wilson in front of me, immediately!”



Clark covered his face, completely dumbfounded.



Not just Clark, but also Zachary, the secretary, as welI as the security guards...



Even Chloe, standing next to Ethan.



Everyone stared in astonishment at Robert and Ethan, their minds unable to understand.

f
Mr. Torres actually slapped Clark in the face?
Moreover, he's making him apologize on the spot?


It was unbelievable. He was Mr. Torres' nephew, after all!



“Uncle...”



Clark endured the pain on his face, constantly speculating about Ethan's identity as he gritted his teeth in frustration.



“Damn it!”



Just now, he deliberately sided with Zachary without verifying the truth before making an arrest.



Later, when Zachary showed interest in Chloe and wanted to sleep with her, he also along with it.



Deep down, he knew very well that what the security and the secretary said might not be true.


'However, what about it?!'
Mr. Torres was his own uncle. and no matter how close his relationship with this Wilson guy was, he couldn't possibly help an outsider go against his own nephew!



“Uncle!"



Clark's heart suddenly hardened, gritting his teeth as he said,"He caused trouble and purposely harmed someone; it's a crime!"



"No matter who he is, if he commits a crime, I will arrest hím! As a law enforcement officer, it's my duty, and I did nothing wrong!"



Then came an even harsher slap!



“You're foolish and confused!" Robert stared into Clark's eyes; his face full of rage. "You don't know Mr. Wilson's identity? Well,let me tell you!"



"He is Ethan,Cloud Group's chairman! He came to inspect his subsidiary, and you call that provoking trouble? Disciplining his subordinate, and you call that causing harm? Tell me,which law did he break? Tell me!"	8



Word by word, like roaring thunder, it struck Captain Clark's mind.
It also struck everyone's hearts!


Zachary, the secretary, and the security guards...



Over a dozen pair of eyes stared at Ethan's face, as if they had encountered a fierce beast from ancient times. unable to withhold their shock.



Their legs went soft as they suddenly felt darkness before their eyes.Especially for Zachary, who felt a chilling sensation run down his spine and messing his brain up.



What?! He turned out to be the legendary, mysterious CEO of Cloud Group?!



This...How is it possible? It's over.



Everything was over!



This time, it wasn't just a small mistake. It was like poking a hole in the sky!



A vice president of a subsidiary company, offending the company's
chairman and twisting the truth with malicious accusations.


Moreover,he even tried to sleep with the chairman's woman?



It has even alarmed the city lord!



What was this?



This was called bringing trouble upon oneself and tying two bricks to your feet. Not even a deity could save him now!



"Mr. Wilson!” The more Zachary thought, the more frightened he became. Unable to bear it, his knees went weak and he knelt down with a thud, crying out loud.



"I've made a horriblemistake! Please spare me, Mr. Wilson!"

###Chapter34 Fulfilling the Promise


As Zachary knelt down, the others followed suit. The secretary and the security guards knelt down one after another, trembling with lowered heads.



They were terrified!



They were just low-level employees of a subsidiary company, yet they had implicated themselves with Zachary, falsely accusing the chairman of the main company?!



Once the chairman made them pay for it, they wouldn't even know how they would die!



Ethan ignored them, patting the sofa next to him and smiling at Chloe."Miss Miller,come and sit.”



Chloe's lips moved a few times, wanting to say something, but no words came out.



Stunned.
Her shock was indescribable!


When they were at Sunrise Restaurant, she had speculated about Ethan's identity, thinking that he could be someone important.



However, she never imagined that he would be this influential!



Cloud Group's chairman!



In Novaria's entirety, there was no one bigger than him in the business world.



"Miss Miller."


Robert smiled and spoke amiably, "You're Mr. Wilson's friend.
which makes you my friend as well. Please, have a seat."


With a single "please," Chloe felt like she was floating. Excitement overwhelmed her.


What an honor this was!
Just because she stood beside Ethan, Mr. Torres started to regard her with admiration.



Even her father, the billionaire king of Chicago, couldn't receive such treatment in front of the city lord!



Being able to be friends with Ethan was truly fortunate!



After she sat down, Robert's expression turned serious as he stared at the group of people kneeling on the ground. He said in a deep voice,“Aaron!”



His secretary, Aaron, was kneeling among them. He raised his head and replied,“Sir!”



"Immediately step forward!"



"Do a thorough investigation on Zachary!” Robert said in a cold voice."As a subordinate,how dare you offend Mr. Wilson? You're absolutely audacious!"

F
"Check his accounts, assets, and his relatives!"
“Expose all of his crimes, and give me the results in ten minutes!"



Aaron bowed and immediately took out his phone, ordering the relevant departments to investigate.



'It's over...'



Zachary knelt on the ground, his legs trembling uncontrollably.He couldn't help but shiver, and a large wet spot appeared in his pants.



He was scared to the point he lost control!



There was no doubt about Mr. Torres' power; He could easily dig up Zachary's entire history.



Embezzlement of company assets, personal profit from corruption...


Once exposed, he would never be able to turn over a new leaf. It would be enough for him to spend the rest of his life in jaill


穴"Mr. Wilson!" Zachary couldn't imagine his fate. He sobbed loudly,
"Please forgive me! I made a foolish mistake, please spare me!"
While sobbing, hè glanced at Captain Clark standing beside him. He felt like he'd been hit by a lightning bolt hadstruck, as if he'd found his last salvation.



"Clark, we're buddies, right?”



He crawled toward Clark, desperately holding onto his thigh while crying and wailing.



"Mr. Torres is your uncle, right? Please, my friend! Help me beg for mercy, spare me this time!"



“Bullsh*t! Who's your friend? Get lost!" Clark was shocked and infuriated. He kicked Zachary away, his face turning red with anger.



He was such an idiot, a moron, a damn fool!


At a time like this, he still wanted to establish a relationship?



Why offend the Chairman of the Cloud Group, a person even his uncle had to show respect to?



This time, he was trualy ruined by this bastard!
“You're friends with someone like him?" Mr. Torres had calmed down, but now he was furious.



He turned his head and glared at Clark, roaring,“Clark, you can resign from your position as Chief Officer and go home to reflect and write a self-examination! My reputation has been tarnished by having a nephew like you!"



Clark jolted, feeling an indescribable regret. Tears almost streamed down his face.



He looked at Mr. Torres with a pleading expression and his voice became tearful,“Uncle,please calm down. I know I was wrong..."



However, he couldn't finish his sentence.



"Mr. Torres, there's no need to get angry," Ethan sat beside Robert,shaking his head with a smile. "I didn't know Clark was your nephew. Today was just a misunderstanding, so dismissing him and ordlering a self-examination is too much."



Clark was momentarily stunned,his face full of surprise with slight gratitude rising in his heart. He originally thought that Ethan would surely say bad things about him in front of Robert,but not only did
he not say anything negative. but he actually pleaded for Clark and spoke well of him!



"Mr. Wilson..." Clark's face was filled with guilt as he lowered his head towards Ethan. "Thank you so much, Mr.Wilson!"



His words were interrupted by Ethan once again!


Ethan cast his gaze down and spoke softly, “I remember Zachary said he wanted to eat sh*t?"



"Now, I'd like Captain Clark to do me a favor and hold Zachary to his promise!"



Clarks was first taken aback, but then his eyes swiftly moved and landed on Zachary's face, with a fiercely intense gaze.



Zachary's body immediately stiffened, completely startled.“Eat shit?!This was even worse than being killed!”



"Please wait a moment, Mr. Wilson." Clark rubbed his stomach vigorously and bowed to Ethan, "I'll go to the restroom and be right back!”
After speaking, he gave Zachary a stern glare and ran toward the restroom.



"No!”Zachary was terrified and rushed toward Clark, clinging tightly to his leg while crying and wailing. "Clark, Clark, you can't do this to me! We're good buddies, you must have mercy on me!"



His voice was on the verge of hoarseness from crying.



“Get out of my way!" Clark kicked Zachary with a swift motion.sending him rolling several meters away before going toward the restroom.



“No!!!" Zachary was so scared that his courage almost shattered,but he continued to sob and hold onto Clark's thigh.



His crying had made his voice almost inaudible!



"I said get lost!" Clark kicked Zacharyagain,sending him rolling away again. Afterward, he went straight into the toilet.

伊
He returned after a while, holding a plastic basin with one hand while covering his nose with the other. The basin contained a large yellowish lumpthat had a horrid odor which enveloped the office.
Everyone in the office instinctively covered their noses, while their gazes all fell upon Zachary's face.



Zachary was already scared out of his wits, trembling all over. His face had lost all color, and he didn't even bother covering his nose.He was completely stunned!



“Is it enough? If not, I can go for more!" Clark took a big step forward,placing the basin in front of Zachary while shouting angrily,“Hurry up, open your mouth and eat!"



Zachary recoiled in fear, with tears and snot streaming down. His voice was trembling with cries as he said, “Clark, spare me! I've treated you to a meal before!"



His voice abruptly stopped.



"Are you still spouting nonsense?!" Clark's palm landed harshly on his face as he angrily scolded, "Don't think you can smear my name like that!"



"Since you don't want to eat, then I'll feed it to you!”


After saying that, he tightly grabbed Zachary's neck and forcefully
dunked his face into the basin with a loud splash.
###Chapter35 The Head of the Wilson Family


The office was in chaos.



Clark tightly grasped Zachary's scalp, pushing his head into the basin. He didn't let go, no matter how much Zachary struggled and cried out in pain.



Zachary had desperately tried to keep his mouth shut, not daring to breathe.



However, he didn't last even two minutes.



A series of strange sounds came, mixed with his agonized screams!



They were truly horrifying and bone-chilling screams!



Clark finally released, and Zachary, with a face covered in shit,rushed to the side and vomited uncontrollably.



Everything he had just eaten, along with the lunch he had earlier...
He continued to vomit violently until he could only upheave stomach bile.



In the span of a few momients, Secretary Aaron had finished his investigation.



He walked up to Robert, holding his phone with both hands as he handed it over.



"Embezzlement, accepting bribes...“



Robert pinched his nose with one hand and watched the phone.



After reviewing the investigation results, he gave Ethan the phone with a solemn expression. "Mr. Wilson, the total amount involved is 280 million dollars. This is truly despicable!”



"The sum is enough to sentence him to life in prison while having all these illicit gains confiscated. We can't tolerate and condone such trash and corporate parasites!"

F
Ethan didn't look at the investigation results, simply returning the phone back to Aaron. After a brief thought, he smiled at Robert and said,“Cloud Group's investment plan in Novaria's southern
development zone is already completed. After the project has been completed, it will provide at least 8,000 job positions with annual salaries of no less than 600 million dollars."



Robert was moved and his heart started racing. He couldn't contain his excitement!



This was a great achievement, a major one!



With just a few of Ethan's casual words, he had solved the employment problem of 8,000 people. With over 6,000 dollars in average monthly wages, these jobs could sustain 8,000 families and support many people.



It was also another step in Robert's promotion, a tremendous favor!



"Mr,Wilson!" Robert's excitement grew, and even his usually-composed demeanor couldn't hide the excitement on his face,repeatedly expressing his gratitude.



"Within the next three days, Zachary will be sentenced and imprisoned, and the embezzled funds will be returned to Cloud Group, If you have any troubles in the future,feel free to call me.After all, your matters are my matters! Cloud Group, as a super
company,will receive fuIl support from Novaria!"


Ethan smiled knowingly. "Mr. Torres, you're just too kind. We've already taken up quite a bit of your time today, so let's meet up another day.“



"Alright, we must meet again another day!"



Robert laughed heartily and hesitated for a moment. Afterward,he glanced at the secretary and the others kneeling on the ground.“Mr.Wilson, what about them...?“



Ethan didn't even spare them a glance and calmly said, “Take the secretary and Zachary away. As for the security guards, leave them to me."



Robert nodded, raising his big hand and waved as he shouted,"Take them away!"



Several officers rushed forward and handcuffed the secretary and Zachary.



The secretary was in somewhat better shape than Zachary. Although she was trembling all over and was afraid to say a word, she was
still able to walk on her own.


Zachary, on the other hand, was in a miserable state. He had been vomiting continuously since he ate sh*t, and he was now unable to stand up straight. Two officers grabbed him by the ankles,dragging him out like a dead dog.



As they dragged him, he continued to vomit,leaving the entire office in a disgusting mess and an unbearable stench.



It wasn't until Robert and his men left that the commotion settled.



“And you!" Ethan sat on the sofa, looking at the ten kneeling security guards with a cold face,



They were just low-level employees who followed Zachary's orders.but their malicious accusations needed to be taken seriously!



"Everyone will have their monthly salary penalized and receive a formal warning!"he scanned the crowd with his gaze and said solemnly,"If there's a second time, you'll be fired on the spot!"


The ten security guards were instantly grateful, especially the captain,who couldn't help but burst into tears.
They thought they'd be grateful by not even going to jail, but thankfully, they were also spared from getting fired.


"Have the cleaning staff come and clean up."


Ethan wrinkled his nose and waved his hand,"As for the vice president, call him over immediately!”


The ten security guards quickly stood up and bowed deeply to Ethan. The captain picked up the stool on the ground before they all lined up and ran out.


In just a few minutes, two cleaning women came and cleaned the office spotless, opening the windows for ventilation and spraying air freshener to extinguish the horrible odor.


Edward, Cloud Infrastructure's Vice President, hurriedly entered the office and stood in awein front of Ethan.


"I have two things for you to do," Ethan spoke lightly, "Zachary's going to prison, so you'll temporarily be this company's CEO for three months. If you do well,you will be given the position permanently."
Edward was overjoyed and thanked Mr. Wilson profusely.



"Secondly," Ethan turned his head to look at Chloe, smiling faintly,"The finalpayment for Chloe Renovations should be paid immediately according to their contract!"



Edward didn't dare delay for even a second, quickly grabbing his phone to contact the finance department.



It took less than half a minute for a notification with the transfer amount to arrive to Chloe's phone.



“6... 6 million and 800,000 dollars?!”



Chloe looked at the transferred amount, her face filled with joy, “Mr.Wilson...“



Ethan replied seriously, "The final payment is 6,200,000 dollars,and the extra 600,000 dollars is compensation. Cloud Group must bear the losses caused by the delayed final payment, especially since we're friends,"



He extended his right hand toward her with a sincere gaze,“Miss Miller, it's a pleasure to work with you."
She shook hands with Ethan, gazing into his eyes. She couldn't help but feel her heart racing as her cheeks blushed.



Cloud Group's chairman, Ethan, was the most outstanding man in all of Novaria.



He was truly remarkable!



"Now that things are settled, we should leave." he gently withdrew his hand and got up from the sofa, walking toward his office.



However, just as he took his first step, his phone rang from his pocket.



Stopping, he took out his phone and checked the caller before answering,“Jayden?”



In a nervous voice, Jayden spoke on the other end of the phone,"Sir,something big has happened. I'll try to buy some time, but please come back to the headquarters as soon as possible!"



There seemed to be something he couldn't say over the phone as he offered no explanation before hastily ending the call.
“Something big...“Ethan's expression slightly changed.


Something's not right!


Jayden had been following him for over three years, and always handled things with composure. His behavior just now was completely out-of-character, almost showing some fear!



"Miss Miller," Ethan didn't hesitate, immediately turning to Chloe as his voice deepened,“Please take me to Cloud Group headquarters immediately. The sooner we arrive, the better!"



Chloe didn't hesitate either and quickly nodded.



On the other side of town, in Cloud Group's office building...



In the top floor conference room, a young man sat on the sofa with his legs crossed, chewing on gum with an impatient expression.



He was Tim, the Wilson family's new head as well as Ethan's cousin.



"It's been half an hour, but Ethan hasn't returned yet."
He glanced at his diamond-studded Rolex and sneered at Jayden “Which littles∗ut did he meet up with this time?"



Jayden's face darkened as he whispered, "You should show respect to Mr. Ethan and address him properly as your cousin."



“Cousin? Ptuih!”



Tim casually spit out the gum, wearing a disdainful smile,“After today,whether Ethan lives or dies is uncertain. Now, you want me to call him my cousin? Is he worthy of that?!"



Jayden's heart shook, his face filled with shock,"Are you implying...“



Tim glanced at Jayden from the corner of his eye,smiling maliciously,"Old man, you better know your place. You're the Wilson family's servant, not Ethan's lap dog!"



"He's in a lot of trouble this time; he might even die. If you're smart, you should quickly pledge loyalty to me.., “



Jayden's face turned pale; his lips trembling for a moment as he tried to say something more.
Just then. the conference room door swung open as Ethan walked in with large strides. He only glanced briefly at Timn's face before swiftly going to Jayden and talking sternly.



"Jayden. what happened?"
###Chapter36 Incident


In fact. Jayden didn't know what really happened. However. Tim's hostile attitude, and the family's sudden video meeting was enough to give him a bad feeling.



"Sir, there are definite signs of an internal power struggle within the family, and the situation seems to be escalating...”



"I don't know the details, but the elders are waiting for you to return and do a video conference. I also got this news just now,"Jayden explained, his worried look becoming more evident.



"Ethan, you really have no manners to return so late. Don't you know the elders are waiting for you?" Tim scolded Ethan arrogantly.



Ever since Ethan walked in earlier indifferently, Tim had been holding back his anger.



"Who do you think you are? If I have to use my status as a cousin to suppress you, I don't really care. You're nothing in my eyes!Ethan responded expressionlessly,
Tim didn't expect him to have the audacity to fight back. his face darkening. Afterward, he thought of the upcoming video conference and smirked maliciously before saying, "Fíne, enjoy your arrogance for now. A few minutes later, you'll be crying!"



"That's enough, Sir. Let's start the meeting quickly so the elders don't have to wait any longer," Jayden said, not wanting Ethan to fight with Tim anymore. Otherwise, it'd make things difficult, even for Ethan.



Before Tim could retort, Jayden had already pressed the control button,switching the video to the conference room.



In the center of the video was an old man with a white beard and eyebrows. His thin and wrinkled face was red, his sharp eyes emitting a formidable aura.



This old man was Elder Brady, the Wilson family's current head and Tim's grandfather.



On his left and right were two other elders, both with cold and stern expressions at the camera.


Seeing these vaguely familiar faces, Ethan couldn't help but feel a
mix of etotions. Evet since he was banished three years ago. he'd never expected to meet them again like this. They never contacted him until now, as if they had completely forgotten about him.


"Grandfather, respected elders!" Tim immediately bowed and greeted the video with a smile, showing a stark contrast to Ethan's calm and unaffected demeanor



"Ethan, why didn't you greet the elders when you saw them?"Brady narrowed his eyes and asked in a low voice.



"Don't you already have Tim to be your good grandson? Since you wouldn't really care about me, I won't join in this lively scene"Ethan replied calmly.



"I initially thought you were just being mischievous and you'd still redeem yourself, but now it seems you're not even willing to fight for your last chance." Brady angrily sneered in a low, menacing tone,



"Stop beating around the bush and get straight to the point. Don't you have something to discuss?" Ethan responded nonchalantly.


"I'm extremely busy right now, and I don't want to waste anyone's
time. Therefore, you should stop labeling me as someone who doesn't know bettet!" Ethan urged impatiently.



"Ethan, what's with this attitude? How dare you talk to the elders like this? "One elder immediately slammed the table and angrily questioned.



"Alright, let's get straight to the point. I'm asking you, will you accept being the family's heir? This is your last chance, so think carefully before answering.



Otherwise, you will lose everything you have now and be banished completely from the Wilsons!" Brady waved his hand, signaling the elder beside him to calm down.



Ethan furrowed his brows. Whenever things don't go as he expected, there was probably something suspicious going on. Was Brady so eager to change his attitude and make him the hei just because of his business abilities?



"I've never thought of being the heir, nor do I care." He replied bluntly. Since he suspected something fishy, he would never agree to this, Who knew if they were setting a trap for him?
"Have you thought this through? It you give up. not only will you lose Cloud Group, but you'll also be banished from our family!"Brady's face immediately turned grím, and the other elders revealed uncertain expressions. Seeing this, Ethan could confirm his guess even more.



"I believe the elders haven't ages so much to the point they can't hear me, right?" Ethan was determined. This made Jayden anxious on the side, but unfortunately, he had little influence and couldn't say anything.



“Ethan, you chose this, so you can't blame anyone else! Now,as an elder of the Wilson family, I banish you from the Wilson family. We will cut all ties immediately, and your position as Cloud Group's chairman is revoked, with Tim temporarily assume that position.Let it be known to everyone immediately!" Brady snorted coldly,announcing Ethan's expulsion from the Wilsons without mercy.



“Grandfather,you can rest assured that I will take over Cloud Group and ensure its further success!" Tim exclaimed joyfully. Whilst expressing gratitude, he also looked at Ethan with imperiousness.



“Elders, this isn't right... All these years, it was Ethan who'd revived the declining Cloud Group and contributed greatly to the Wilsons..." Jayden's face immediately turned sour and couldn't help but plead for Ethan.
"Enough, Jayden. They've already decided this, so how you change it with a few words?" Ethan interrupted hím,knowing that it was futile to plead at this point.


Jayden suddenly lowered his head and fell silent.



"Ethan,how dare you act arrogantly in front of me?" Tim mocked him with a smug look on his face.



Unfortunately, Ethan still treated him like air, acting as if he hadn't heard a word.



After some silence, he looked up at Brady and said slowly,"Since it has come to this, I won't complain if you want to remove me from the Wilsons, However, Cloud Group was my hard work. Without me, it would've long gone bankrupt! All these years,my only hope was to get a single answer. As long as you can tell me the truth about the car accident that killed my father and caused my mother's disappearance,I will hand Cloud Group over."



Upon hearing this, the faces of the elders changed simultaneously.clearly shocked by his question.


Nobody in the Wilson family had mentioned that car accident for
years. They didn't expect him to still hoId onto it after so long!


"You're no longer a member of the Wilson family, so why should[tell you? Moreover, Cloud Group was originally our property; why must I wait for you to hand it over? Do you think you're the only one capable of doing so? Let me warn you, this is my family's top secret, and outsiders have no right to know. If you dare to investigate it privately, don't blame me for not showing mercy! The meeting is over!"



Brady's response was extremnely decisive, with no intention of explaining. Afterward, he directly ended the video.



“Perhaps I should've expected this outcome, Brady. However, do you think everything is under your control? I'll make you realize that even if I leave the Wilson family, I won't tolerate anyone stepping on me!"



Ethan clenched his fist tightly, shocked that even after leaving the family, Brady still didn't want to say anything about the car accident. In an instant, his anger reached its peak.



Turning his head, he coldly stared at Tim's proud face before walking out of the conference room without looking back.
###Chapter37 Ethan's Prestige


"Where are you going without my permission?!"



Tim was angry by Ethan's indifference,shouting at the latter's back.



Unfortunately, Ethan ignored him completely, not even pausing for a moment as he disappeared instantly.



"I'm now Cloud Group's chairman, so how dare this worthless man be so arrogant?!"



Tim slammed the table in anger, the joy from becoming the chairman vanishing due to Ethan's lack of concern.



"Sir, even though you are the chairman, Ethan has already severed ties with the Wilsons. You can't control him anymore."



“What makes you think I can't?!"



Jayden seethed with an unpleasant expression.
"Shut up and know your place. You're just the Wilson family's dog.so what gives you the right to talk to me like this? As the chairman.I order you to get Ethan out of this place immediately! I don'e want to see him leaving unharmed; I want him crawling out like a stray dog!”



Tim vented all his anger on Jayden in an instant, pointing angrily toward the door.



"I apologize, Sir. Even if I am a dog, I know not to bite the hand that feeds me. I know my place, so I won't bother to submit my resignation letter. After all, you probably won't even readl it.Anyhow,goodbye!"



Jayden snorted with an unpleasant expression and,without hesitation, chased after Ethan with Tim's sinister gaze behind him.



He was a loyal person. How could he abandon Ethan at a time like this?



"This is outrageous! You're nothing but a dog, and only I can give you the juiciest bones! You've reallylost your mind, to follow useless Ethan! Do you think I can't finish both of you off?"
Filled with rage. Tim shouted and cursed at Jayden's receding figure, but all he got in response was Ethan's resolute footsteps!


At that moment, his hatred for them had reached its peak. He wanted nothing more than to find a way to them disappear without a trace!



"You go and bring them back! I want to see them begging on their knees!"



He stormed to the door and angrily ordered the Wilson family's bodyguards he had brought with him.



"Sir, the company isn't a place for physical confrontation. Moreover,Ethan is skilled in combat. The elders have instructed you to exercise restraint, and Mike should be here soon! Once he arrives,you can decide how to deal with them!"



The leader of the bodyguards immediately tried to persuade Tim.



"So, you're implying that you're not a match for Ethan? And that you're afraid?"


Tim sternly asked.
"Well... I thought it'd be better to wait for Mike to join and increase our chances. Ethan,may not be my match, but I'm worried he might run off. If we're going to take action, we shouldn't give him even the slightest chance!"



The bodyguard's face looked uncomfortable as he explained with a lowered head.



"Useless, all of you are useless!”



Tim cursed in anger twice in the direction Ethan and Jayden went.



Without the title of chairman, Ethan could no longer take the chairman's private elevator. It wasn't that the security guards wouldn't allow it, but it was just impermissible.



After leaving the meeting room, he simply took the stairs down.


Not long after, Jayden also followed from behind.



"Jayden, why must you do this?" Ethan didn't stop walking,his voice soft.
Sighing heavily, Jayden walked behind him. There was no need for guessing or questioning; the answer was obvious.



“I know what I should do. Besides, even if I stayed. I'd only be no less than a dog in front of some people!"



Jayden responded calmly with a smile.



Ethan remained silent, but a slight smirk appeared on his. lips involuntarily.



Though Jayden rarely expressed his loyalty, he knew very well that this person who had followed his father for many years was undoubtedly the one he trusted the most!



Although they were walking down the stairs, they still had to cross the entire office area to reach the company's main entrance.



On the other hand, Tim had already taken the elevator with his men and arrived at the lobby, waiting to see Ethan and Jayden look lost and out of sorts!



When Ethan appeared in the lobby, all the employees around looked at him.
At the same time, many employees from the 2nd and 3rd foors also appeared in the circular corridors. All of them had their eyes fixed on him.



Ethan continued looking forward, but his footsteps suddenly paused briefly before he resumed walking to the entrance.



“Ethan, I wiIl make all of Cloud Group's employees see your miserable appearance and pitiful end. Don't worry, I'll make you know the feeling of wanting to die!"



Tim revealed a sinister smile on his grim face.



However, this smile froze by the next second. He was infuriated when he saw how the new employees stared at Ethan. Although they didn't dare approach or speak to him, they all bowed down toward him as a respectful way of sending him off!



After all, they all knew that his great contributions were the reason behind the company's present success!



"Damn it, damn it! Did I tell you all to bow to him? Didn't I tell you to mock and scold him for being so ignorant?!"
Tim lost control of his emotions, angrily yelling at everyone.



However, nobody responded. After Ethan walked out of the entrance, they all indifferently returned to their positions as if nothing had ever happened.



"You humiliated me before you left, Ethan. Since you asked for it.don't blame me for being ruthless!"



Tim's face turned ashen and he clenched his fist tightly. He ordered the bodyguard beside him,"Keep a close eye on him and arrange things immediately. I can't wait any longer!”



The bodyguard's eyelids twitched upon hearing this, but he swallowed his words when he saw Tim's intimidating gaze.



"Not laying a finger on him within the company has been my greatest restraint!"



Tim reminded with narrowed eyes.


"I'll get it done right away!"
The bodyguard could only promise reluctantly.


At the same time. Ethan and Jayden had just walked out of the company. They stopped, staring at the company they had built from scratch.



"Sir, do you regret it? “Jayden asked quietly. Despite Ethan's calm face, there was a resolute glimmer in his eyes.
###Chapter38 Chloe's Helplessness





"Do you really want me to become the heir? If I did, Brady would definitely trap me in a cage!" Ethan reminded while slightly smiling.



“What I mean is, you worked so hard to save Cloud Group. Without you,it wouldn't have developed to where it is today! Are you really willing to let go just like this?" Jayden asked with a bitter smile.



"Let Brady enjoy his temporary victory. Not just anyone can snatch my belongings, and that includes him! I'll take Cloud Group back,and I'll make it rise even higher than before," Ethan confidently said, blinking at Jayden as if what happened just now didn't affect him at all.



Jayden was surprised, his intuition telling him that things weren't as simple as they appeared. Ethan seemed to have expected this to happen and had a backup plan.



Just as he was about to ask, Ethan's phone suddenly rang.
It was Chloe. Why was this girl calling again?


Seeing the caller, Ethan paused for a moment before answering.



"Ethan, are you alright?" Chloe's concerned voice immediately came through the phone.



"What could be wrong with me? Why are you asking?" he replied with a smile.



"I saw the news about you.." she paused without continuing her sentence.



Ethan's eyes narrowed upon hearing that. He didn't expect Brady,that old bastard, to act so quickly and announce it to the news!



"That's right, I'm no longer Cloud Group's chairman, and you could even call me a vagrant! Are you still willing to be friends with me?"Ethan asked with a carefree smile.



"What are you talking about? Do you think I only befriended you
for your status?" Chloe couldn't help but sulk, but then grinned and continued. “But judging from your current state, you seem fine. I'm glad!"


"Thank you for your concern," Ethan felt somewhat touched. Not everyone would proactively call and care about you when you're down and out.



"We're friends now, so there's no need to be so distant. By the way,what's your next plan?" Chloe changed the topic.



"I haven't thought about it yet, but at least I'm sure I won't starve!"Ethan replied with a laugh.



She suddenly invited him, "How about coming to my company?I knowit's small and you might not be impressed, but at least you have a temporary place. Of course, I won't stop you if you get better opportunities,”



"Just because you know about my situation doesn't mean you have to do this for me. Thank you for the offer!" Ethan said sincerely.
"You're welcome, buddy!" she replied warmly.


He reminded her with a serious tone,"Are you sure you want to help me at a time like this? My enemies are not easy to deal with."



She bluntly replied, "We've already established that we're friends,no? Why worry about burdening me anymore? Besides, if it weren't for your help, Zachary would've ruined my small company a long time ago!"



Ethan was shortly confused. Her attitude and actions at this moment reminded him of Sharon, who once helped him when he was at his lowest.



The two women's figures suddenly overlapped at this moment.giving him a sense of déjà vu and an inexplicable heartache.



"Why are you so quiet? I'm not helping just you, but also myself.During Cloud Group's decline, you turned the tables and brought the company success. With you around, my small company might becomne the next Cloud Group," Chloe said, seemingly concerned about Ethan's uneasiness.
"No, it's just that I haven't made up my mind yet. I'll get back to you once I've thought it through," Ethan explained with a wry smile.



If possible, he didn't want to involve Chloe in his matters. After all.the Wilson family wasn't easy to deal with. One wrong move could lead to his own downfall, and he couldn't guarantee her safety.


She compromised and invited him again,“Alright, I'll give you some time to think. Once you've decided, feel free to find me. But before that, as a friend, I want to invite you for some coffee. You wouldn't refuse,would you?"



"Coffee? If you don't mind me bringing a friend, I would be delighted!" Ethan raised an eyebrow, turning his head to look at Jayden as he smiled.



Considering the circumstances and knowing she would likely persuade him to go to her place after they meet, he couldn't refuse Chloe's goodwill anymore.



"No problem, bring your friend along!" She gave himn a coffee drop's address.
Just as Chloe ended the call, an old man's voice came from behind her,"Miss, Madam says you have a maximum of three more months. She hopes you can return sooner. Why are you still wasting time in Novaria?”



"I remember we máde an agreement with the family before. They promised to not interfere with my life for two years. When the time is up, I will obediently return to accept their arrangements. Now, are you telling me that you won't even give me these last three months?” Chloe looked at the old man behind her. Her face showed a hint of refsal, but her eyes were filled with deep helplessness.



"Miss,please don't misunderstand. Madam heard about the incident where you were almost humiliated a few days ago, which infuriated her. She's just worried about your safety and seeks your return as soon as possible. If you want to stay in Novaria, I can only stay with you to ensure your safety!" The old man hastily explained, his tone leaving no room for negotiation.



"What's the difference between this and monitoring me?" Chloe angrily questioned.



"I apologize, Miss, but this is MIadam's bottom line. She doesn't
want anything similar happening again. However,please rest assured as I'll only come when you're in danger. I won't interfere with your life!" he solemnly assured her.


Chloe could only sigh and fall silent. Even though she was the Miller family's most cherished daughter, she couldn't help but feel a deep sense of powerlessness.



Ten minutes later, Ethan and Jayden arrived at the café. They saw Chloe waiting for them at a booth on the second floor.



"So, the friend you mentioned turns out to be Mr. Wilson!"she exclaimed in surprise upon seeing them together.



“Miss Miller must be joking. I'm longer with Cloud Group,so I don't deserve the title Mr. Wilson anymore. You can just call me Jayden." Jayden replied with a bitter smile, shaking his head.



Chloe was even more astonished. She only knew that Ethan had left Cloud Group, but she never expected Jayden to leave as well!


At that moment, Tim couldn't believe that right after leaving the
company. Ethan was already having coffee with a beautiful woman.This angered him.



“Bring everyone along. This time, I'll make sure Ethan has nowhere to hide!" Tim immediately commanded his bodyguard without hesitation.



“But Sir, Mike hasn't arrived yet! Shouldn't we wait a bit longer?"The bodyguard hesitantly suggested.



"Who's your Young Master right now? I can't wait for any longer! If you don't want to be punished, go and kill Ethan for me!” Tim angrily scolded, leaving the bodyguard with no choice but to lead his men and follow him straight to Ethan.

###Chapter39 Tim Is Impatient


Inside the café, Chloe asked Ethan why things had suddenly escalated to this point. Ethan didn't hide anything and briefly explained what happened.


Basically, someone in the family coveted Cloud Group and used other means to take it away.

After listening, Chloe was filled with righteous indignation.

“I never expected the people from the Wilson family to be so shameless. Relying on being the grandson of the Wilson family patriarch, Tim conspired with his own people to attack his cousin. It's despicable!”

She had a certain charm when she was angry.

"Alright, let's calm down and figure out the next steps," Ethan said, trying to ease the situation.

“The person involved doesn't even care, so don't be so upset!” he couldn't help but laugh lightly, appearing carefree.


"You're not angry at all?" she asked him, surprised that he could still laugh.


"If getting angry could solve the problem, I would've been furious by now. Keeping my possessions doesn't depend on my anger, it depends on this," Ethan seriously replied, pointing at his head.

"I support your idea, so let's work together. Although my company's small, you're one of Novaria's business legends. I'm sure you can replicate Cloud Group's success and reach even greater heights!" Chloe's eyes lit up,excitedly hitting the table as she spoke.


Shaking his head with a wry smile, Ethan asked, "You asked me to consider it, right? So, you invited me to coffee just to discuss this?"
"I'm sevious! Some things can't be explained over the phone, and I have full belief in you," she said earnestly.pouting her lips.


“How ridiculous! Cloud Group's former chairman now needs a woman's help to make a comeback?"

Just then, a snide voice came from nearby, accompanied by an applause.

"Tim? What're you doing here?" Ethan raised his eyebrows, staring coldly at Tim.


“If I didn't come,how would I know that the Wilson family's exiled dog still have the mood to invite women around? They call you a business genius and Novaria's legend, but I don't really see that."


Tim walked and looked down at Ethan sitting on the couch. He had a proud attitude, his voice laced with mockery.


"Sir,we have no relations with Cloud Group anymore. Why are you still trying to assault us? Aren't you going too far?" Jayden questioned with an annoyed look.

Without hesitation, Tim slapped Jayden's old face.

“You're just an old dog, but you think so highly of yourself! You dare talk to me like that, even ignoring me and leaving the company with this waste! I'Il make you regret betraying me!"

With fierce words, it seemed like Tim had control over Jayden's life and death.

"How can you just hit someone? Have you lost your mind?” Chloe regained her senses, immediately standing up and angrily pointing at Tim.


Ethan's pupils constricted, his face blunt as he spoke in a low voice,"Kneel down and apologize to Jayden right now!"

He knew very well that if Tim had reasoning, he wouldn't have followed them here. Trying to reason with
someone like him wouldn't work; he just had to understand what pain was!

"What did you say? You want me to apologize to this old dog? Ethan, have you gone mad? Honestly... Let me tell you, I came here today to settle scores. You should be the one apologizing rightnow!” Tim sneered.maintaining a high-and-mighty posture. He packed back and forth without even looking directly at Ethan,only casting a sidelong glance.

"...I almost forgot about the main issue. You and this old dog actually have billions of dollars in your accounts, and I suspect you of embezzling company assets. Therefore, you're coming back with me for investigation!" Tim leaned down, staring at Ethan with a smirk and menacing eyes.


He had planned this a while ago, despite knowing the money was simply the two's accumulated salaries and profit dividends over the years. They didn't have any problems at all.


"This money is our legitimate earnings. On what grounds can you accuse us of embezzling? If you don't believe me, you can check the company's accounts!”


Jayden's face turned red, angrily retorting. He couldn't believe that even at his age, he would still be falsely accused.


“Of course, I will. Isn't that why I invited you both to go back with me? As for whether this money is legal or not, we can only find out after the results are out!" Tim lightly laughed in satisfaction. For him,accusing these two like this was well-deserved!


"Considering that you were once my cousin, I can give you a chance. This way, you won't say I'm unfair. As long as you hand over the money and kneel down while apologizing, maybe I'll let you off nicely," Tim continued, reminding Ethan with an ironic tone.


"Save your breath. Let me ask, do you want to apologize on your knees, or should I help you?” Ethan squinted indifferently, his tone surprisingly cold. He didn't care about Tim's provocation at all.

Tim was surprised that Ethan still had the audacity to speak to him like this, instantly furious and
embarrassed.

"Ethan! Do you still think you're Cloud Group's high-anad-mighty chairman? Let me remind you, right now,you're nothing! I can even make your life a living hell with just a word, so how dare you threaten me?Guards,give this fool a good lesson!" Tim's face contorted in a hideous manner.


"I advise you to obediently go back with us, or else I'll have to take action!" The bodyguard had already prepared himself. He stared at Ethan like a cheetah, ready to pounce at any moment.


With a crisp sound, Ethan's response was a merciless slap directly across Tim's face.


“Since you won't apologize, then this slap is for Jayden!" his emotionless voice resounded coldly, even making the bodyguard involuntarily shudder!


As far as he knew, Ethan's skills should not surpass his own. Why did this guy suddenly burst out such a fierce momentum? It even made him feel fear!


"You dare hit me?" After a while, Tim finally snapped back to reality, his eyes widening!

"You even dare to...”


“It's nothing much, really. Since you're so stubborn, I'll make sure you can't even leave this building!" Ethan sneered disdainfully.
###Chapter40 Shadow Gang


"What are you standing around for? Get him! I want him dead!" Tim was infuriated, his face twisting as he yelled at the bodyguard.


“For daring to slap him, I'll disable your hand first!" The bodyguard was determined, shouting angrily as he threw a punch at Ethan.


“Be careful!" Worried that Chloe and Jayden might be affected, Ethan propped himself on the table and kicked the sofa they were sitting on along with the two people on it.

With his fists swinging in the air, the bodyguard shouted coldly,"You should watch yourself first instead of others!”


Ethan blocked with his elbow. However, the bodyguard smiled strangely, suddenly turning his fist into a claw gesture as he grabbed Ethan's shoulder.


Ethan's expression changed, twisting himself into a strange angle to narrowly avoid the attack. He involuntarily took several steps back.


“I thought you were stronger, but it seems you're nothing special!” With just a few simple moves, the bodyguard immediately determined Ethan's strength, dispelling his previous worries and becoming even more aggressive.


Ethan also felt a sinking feeling; this bodyguard's combat skills surpassed his own. If he couldn't finish the fight faster, he would truly be in trouble.

Just then, the bodyguard leaped forward like a bullet, speeding toward him.


Ethan squinted his eyes, his retreating footsteps abruptly stopping. He stood in an awkward posture, as if he gave up resisting.
Seeing that the bodyguard clearly had the upper hand and Ethan was lost, Tim was excited and yelled,“Get rid of him, no-disable him first! To quell my anger, I want to torture him by my own hands!"

However,his excitement froze right after.

A scream echoed as the bodyguard, who had just gotten a chance and got close to Ethan, was inexplicably sent flying. He crashed heavily into the café's wall before collapsing to the ground.

"No... this is impossible! You were clearly losing to him!" Tim's eyes widened, his face filled with disbelief.

Not only him, but Chloe and Jayden were also surprised. They were worried for Ethan just now, but the table had turned in an instant!


Only Ethan himself knew that he was just lucky. Thanks to his opponent being hasty and letting his guard down shortly, Ethan had an opportunity.

Otherwise, even with the techniques his mother taught him, he wouldn't have won so easily!

Currently lying on the ground in a miserable state, the bodyguard had serious wounds as he bled continuously.


He couldn't understand how Ethan, who was clearly weaker, suddenly matched his strength. The moment they collided, he was sent flying.


'I was unexpectedly defeated in one move!' He thought to himself.

"You useless trash, het up and finish him off! Hurry up!" Tim exclaimed angrily at the bodyguard on the ground.


However, the bodyguard's eyes rolled back as he immediately passed out.

When Ethan's gaze turned toward him, Tim trembled. He realized that the situation wasn't going well for
him.

“What are you all standing around for? Attack, all of you!" Panicking, he immediately urged the other four bodyguards to charge forward.


Despite that, although they would've been capable against normal people, Ethan quickly and easily took them down with three punches and two kicks. They were unable to even crawl back up!


Tim was truly panicking now. As Ethan walked toward him, he involuntarily retreated, falling on the ground.

“What...What do you want?" he trembled uncontrollably, looking up at Ethan towering above him.

“I didn't provoke you, yet you want to kill me. Do you really think I'm that easy to step on? Or do you think I wouldn't dare to kill you? “Ethan's gaze flickered with a hint of killing intent.

“You can't kill me, you wouldn't dare! You definitely wouldn't!" Now terrified, Tim cried out repeatedly.

"I could never do something as ruthless as killing someone, because I'm not a beast! However, the best way to handle a beast is to inflict pain and fear, making sure it never dares to bite you again!" Ethan solemnly said.For a short while, he really wanted to get rid of this hassle. However, he knew very well that he couldn't kill Tim yet, or else all his efforts would be in vain.


Ethan forcefully suppressed the killing intent within him.

"You wouldn't dare lay a hand on me. If you did, none of you will survive! Grandfather will definitely seek revenge for me!" Upon hearing Ethan's words, Tim vigorously shook his head. Had his legs not buckled, he would've escaped by now. How could he still have the audacity to make such bold threats?

"Nonsense: Even if I won't kill you, I can still disable you!" Ethan's expression suddenly turned fierce,kicking Tim's abdomen and sending him flying just like bodyguards.

Tim didn't even have a chance to scream. The moment he crashed into the wall, he was silent with his life
hanging by a thread!

"Watch out!" At that moment, a figure flew toward Ethan from behind.

Not far behind him, Chloe suddenly shouted.


His heart skipped a beat. When he turned around, he saw a figure already closing in on him.

It was already too late by the time he realized!

The opponent was too quick, and Ethan instinctively dodged to the side. He was inches away from the punch aimed toward his back.


He successfully saved his critical spots.


Immediately, sharp pain enveloped his backside shoulders, making him lunge forward with tremendous force.

“You're swift with your feet!"

The shadow stopped beside Tim's unconscious body, letting out a cold snort.

Then, he crouched down and examined Tim's injuries, seemingly unconcerned that Ethan could escape.

“You're...Mike!”

On the other hand, Jayden immediately recognized this person's identity. He was shocked as hehurriedly went to help Ethan up.

"Not bad. I'm Mike from the Shadow Gang. I remember you, Jayden! We've met before!"


The newcomer seemed certain that Tim had just fainted from minor injuries. Only then did he stand up.revealing his identity when Jayden recognized him.
"What are you doing here?"

Jayden was immediately cautious.


"I didn't expect that old bastard. Brady, to think so highly of me. He brought out the entire Shadow Gang just to get rid of me!


Ethan endured his injuries, his pale face mocking with scorn.
###Chapter41 Unexpected


"Just with those words, I can bring you back for questioning! Will you come voluntarily, or do you want me to take action?"


Mike didn't show any signs of anger,still asking indifferently.

All of this seemed natural to him.


“Why'd you have to attack me from behind? If you have the guts for it, why don't you let me recover first and then fight me again?“


Ethan sneered coldly, taunting.


“Your taunts are pointless. Anyway, it seems like you won't cooperate. Then, I'll have to use a bit more effort!”


As Mike said that,he slowly approached Ethan.

"Stop! What do you think you're doing? I won't let you hurt him!"

Chloe suddenly shielded Ethan, standing between them both.

“You've got nothing to do with this. If you don't want to die, you'd better scram!"

Mike didn't stop his footsteps, merely warning coldly.

She snorted stubbornly,“You might as well kill me too!"


"Chloe,you need to run. You can't stop him!" Ethan became anxious at this moment.
He already knew Mike's formidable strength earlier. Not to mention him, even Chloe wouldn't be able to stop Mike.


However, she showed no signs of backing down, ignoring Ethan and still stubbornly staring at Mike's approaching figure.

"Greg, if you don't take actionright now, then I'll die with him!"

Just as Mike was getting closer, she suddenly shouted at the top of her lungs.

Before she even finished saying that, an old man in a robe suddenly appeared at the staircase in front of them.


Although he walked slowly and looked weak, he made Mike's face turn dark, contrary to his usual calmness.

"Must you interfere in other people's business?" Mike asked in a low voice.

Upon seeing the old man, Chloe relaxed.

Ethan and Jayden glanced at her, unusual expressions on their faces.

"I don't care about anything else, but nobody can harm her on my watch!" Greg pointed at Chloe calmly,filled with undeniable confidence.


Mike's face twisted unpredictably. He sensed a dangerous aura from Greg, sharpened through numerous life and death experiences.


His intuition told him that Greg's strength was definitely greater than his. He would lose if they were to fight now!


"Ethan, consider yourself lucky today. I will settle scores with you soon, so you better pray Tim is alright!”
Mike sneered coldly, carrying Tim's unconscious body and vanishing instantly.

What incredible speed! Ethan finally snapped back to reality, his body sweating profusely.


The Wilson family had the Shadow Gang. Though Ethan had never seen them, he had heard of this organization.


All of its members were orphans the family adopted. They didn't leadordinary lives, not even receiving names until they trained enough and was qualified for it. These individuals had been learning how to kill since young, making them the most mysterious force within the Wilsons.


The Shadow Gang was controlled by the patriarch and elders, and ordinary members of the family couldn't mobilize them.


What shocked Ethan even more was Greg appearing and chasing Mike away!

Who was this old man?

Without waiting to ask Chloe, Ethan's previously calm face suddenly turned red with pain.

"What's wrong, Ethan?" she noticed his pained expression and rushed to help him, asking with concern.

Ethan responded by spurting out a mouthful of blood!


“Are you wounded? How are you feeling? I'll take you to the hospital immediately!" her face changed instantly.


"No need; It's just a minor injury. I can handle it myself. Going to the hospital would only be unsafe," Ethan replied with a pale face, directly rejecting her suggestion.


She invited, "Then come to my place. It's safer and quieter there. With Greg around, they wouldn't dare make any bold moves,"
Upon hearing this, Ethan looked at Greg and hesitated for a moment. Finally, he nodded in agreement

Chloe and Jayden hurriedly supported Ethan and left the café, heading straight downstairs.

She lived in a small neighborhood at the city's outskirts. The housing prices here weren't too high, although it was a bit desolate. However, the peacefulness and the nice scenery was its advantage.

Ethan and Jayden, both wounded, were brought back to Chloe's villa, where they were settled in a guest room on the second floor.


“Miss Miller, that gentleman earlier... “Jayden glanced outside and curiously asked about Greg's absence after returning to the villa.


"He's an elder in my family and also knows some combat techniques. Just relax for now. If there's anything,let me know. With him around, Mike wouldn't dare step foot here!" Chloe explained, clearly not wanting to reveal the old man's identity.


Lying on the bed, Ethan reminded Jayden, “Jayden, don't pry into what you shouldn't. Thank you so much for today,Miss Miller!"


“Why are you still being so polite to me? And stop calling me that; just use my name! Are we still friends or not?" Chloe retorted, an upset look on her face.


Ethan could only shake his head wryly. He initially thought she was just a normal and nice girl, but Greg's presence made him realize she had a terrifying background! He had underestimated her.


“Rest for a while. I need to handle something!" Chloe said as she turned and left, knowing that Greg was surely waiting for her.

On the villa's rooftop, she saw Greg standing at the edge, facing away from her.

Feeling a bit nervous, she softly said, "Greg, thanks for your help earlier!"
Greg sighed as he warned her. "Just consider it a payment for Madam's help. However, Miss. I must remind that you're already engaged."


Upon hearing this, her eyes were slightly bitter. She smiled self-mockingly as she said. "I know. I just want to help him as much as possible before leaving."


"You can't! The Wilson family's internal struggles aren't something we should get involved in. It's too complicated! If Madam finds out, it wouldn't be good for either of you. You might even endanger him!"Greg reminded her with a serious tone.


“Are you going to tell her about this?" Chloe's face turned pale.
###Chapter42 The Night Away


Greg fell silent for a moment before sighing. “As long as Madam doesn't ask me, then I don't have to say a word. However,I don't want today's event to repeat. You shouldn't have brought someone from the Wilsons here!”


Hearing this. Chloe sighed in relief, but her expression changed once again.

She spoke resolutely, "He's injured now and may still be pursued. Can't he stay for a few days? Greg, I know what you're thinking, but he has helped me twice before. The previous incident might've offset your debt, but there's still one more. I must repay him!"


Ethan laughed and reminded, “Jayden, please stop speaking nonsense. We're at her house right now, so don't let anyone hear us!"


"Well, I do Miss Miller is quite suitable for you!" Jayden smiled and helped Ethan apply medicine,his tone serious.


In fact, Greg's appearance made him realize that Chloe wasn't simple. Right now, he obviously wanted to find someone who could help Ethan. Furthermore, he could also see that Chloe had developed feelings for Ethan.Otherwise, she wouldn't have bravely protected him and risked everything to force Greg out just now!


Ethan didn't expect Jayden to continue talking. Frowning, he was about to say something when there was a knock on the door.


Immediately after, Chloe walked in.

She worriedly asked,“Ethan, are your injuries serious? Should I call a doctor to come check on you?"


With his complexion seemingly normal again, Ethan smiled calmly to Chloe as he replied, "I'm fine, Jayden just helped treat it for me. How could it be serious? I'll be fine after a few days!"
“Good,then just stay here for those few days. I'll go prepare dinner for you," she said and turned to leave.

However, Ethan clearly sensed something unusual from her last gaze.

"Sir, I feel like something's off with Miss Miller. Her emotions don't seem quite right!" Jayden whispered,noticing her strangeness as well.


Ethan's heart stirred. Why was she so hesitant and helpless?

He suddenly ordered, "Jayden, let's leave quietly tonight. Prepare yourself, and make sure Chloe doesn't suspect anything!”


“Leave tonight? “Jayden was startled.

"No matter who she is, we have no reason to burden her. She has already helped us once before! If we directly tell her that we're leaving, she wouldn't agree. Therefore, we have to go quietly," Ethan explained, his tone leaving no room for doubt as he had made his decision.


Jayden fell silent.

"What? Do you have something else to say?” Ethan raised an eyebrow and asked.


“Sir, I have a villa here in Novaria. If you really plan on leaving, perhaps we can go there temporarily,"Jayden hesitated for a moment before explaining.


"You've truly thought ahead, Jayden!" Ethan laughed immediately upon hearing Jayden's words.


It seems Jayden was also prepared for this outcome!

During dinner, Chloe appeared to be deep in thought while occasionally talking with Ethan.

Greg was nowhere to be seen, creating a somewhat abnormal atmosphere.
Ethan and Jayden exchanged glances, finalizing their decision to leave tonight.

After returning to the room, Ethan wrote a letter and placed it on the bedside. After all, he needed to inform Chloe why he was leaving without saying goodbye.


Later that night, when Chloe had turned off the lights in her room and gone to bed, they both quietly left the house and got into a waiting car by the roadside.


On the villa's rooftop, Greg stood in the dark as he watched them getting into the car. There was slight helplessness in his eyes, "It's better this way...

An hour later, the car dropped the two off at a villa area near Breeze Resort.

Once they got out, Jayden led Ethan into the area and casually said,"Wealthy people bought most of the villas here for vacation purposes. Normally, there's only security guards here, and not many people. It's safer for us."


“You always think things through!"' Ethan nodded approvingly.

Jayden's villa was located near a man-made lake beside Breeze Mountain, and it had quite a nice view.

Just as they settled in,Jayden made a bowl of instant noodles for Ethan and brought it to his room.

He weakly explained, "Sir, since we came here suddenly, we didn't have a chance to buy groceries. There's only some noodles in this place, so please bear with it for now,"

“Don't say that, Jayden. It's fine. Having a warm meal is enough for now,“ Ethan reassured.

He took the noodles, smiling as he continued, “Having a temporary place to settle down is already more than enough.”


“Sir,did you already expect this would happen? What's your next step?" Jayden suddenly asked, changing
the topic.

Ethan didn't plan to hide anything from Jayden regarding his arrangements, responding as he ate. "If Brady could frame me, then why can't I fight back?“


"So that means you do have some early preparations?" Jayden stared at Ethan intently and inquired.
###Chapter43 The box Mother left behind


"Ever since Brady threw me to Novaria three years ago. I've been preparing for any possible mishaps. Do you remember the largest partner company we had overseas?" Ethan nodded, asking in return.

“Do you mean that offshore investment company?" Jayden seemed to have guessed something and was surprised.

Ethan explained while smiling, "Yes, that's my Plan B! Almost all of Cloud Group's investments in the past three years were established through that company. As a third-party and the largest investor in all those projects,they can withdraw funds at any time and leave the mess to Cloud Group!"

"Back then, I never understood why you insisted on collaborating with such a shady foreign company.I didn't expect it to be yours!" Jayden had now understood Ethan's plan.

Once this company withdrew all of its investments, Cloud Group would face defaults and enormous losses.It wouldn't be impossible for it to collapse within a short time. Moreover, the pile-up of bad debts and legal suits from partnerships will make Cloud Group panic.

Jayden knew Ethan had a backup plan, but he didn't expect it to be so big and decisive!

Ethan put down his chopsticks and approached the window, looking at the moon in the sky. His gaze became sharper.

"Like I said, it'd be impossible for Brady to get something with nothing. Since he wants Cloud Group,I'll give it to him! However, what he'll get is a ticking time bomb!

Ethan's words shocked Jayden even more.

His plan wasn't just aimed at Cloud Group, but at the Wilson family's entire business empire!
Once Cloud Group collapsed or even went bankrupt, it would be a huge blow to the entire family,even affecting their work with other businesses. Their total assets would fall by at least 5 to 10percent!

Although it sounded small, less than a tenth, it would still be a major blow to a large corporation like the Wilsons. Their business empire would be greatly affected.

In terms of big issues, this was uandoubtedly a terrifying number. Once this occurs, it would definitely make Brady lose his temper and greatly affect hisreputation in the Wilson family!


"Sir, if you do that, the consequences...“


Jayden's face contorted. The consequences he mentioned weren't about the Wilson family's losses,but their subsequent anger!


"That's also my biggest concern, so we must do this at the right time! It's either we strike while the iron's hot,or we just don't!"


Ethan snorted coldly, clenching his fists tightly.


"However, we wouldn't be able to withstand their anger right now, especially since Mike is a major threat now!"Jayden couldn't help but remind.


Upon hearing this, Ethan sighed helplessly. "That's why I want power, enough to confront the Wilson family's stength! However, I can't rush in doing this."

If Mike reappeared,with Ethan's current strength, he wouldn't stand a chanceand could only be killed.

This powerlessness made him feel frustrated and deeply helpless.

After brief silence, Jayden suddenly said, "Sir, I think it's time I give you this thing I've been keeping."

Ethan was surprised as he asked,"What is it?"
“...It's a box that Madam entrusted me to keep. I'm sorry. Sir, for hiding this from you all this time. I did it under Madam's request. One time, she told me to only hand this over to you when there's no other choices in a crisis.“


Jayden explained through clenched teeth.

"My mother? Why are you telling me this now?" Ethan's face turned pale as he asked.

He had always trusted Jayden, and the latter knew how much he wanted to find any clues about his mother.
Despite that, he hid this information about his mother for so many years!

"I'm sorry. Sir! I merely followed Madam's orders, and I never wanted to keep this from you! I won't complain if you're angry or want to scold me!"


Jayden immediately kneeled on the ground, resolutely apologizing.

This instantly diminished Ethan's anger by half. He also knew that since this his mother specially requested this, Jayden wasn't the one at fault.


"Alright, get up and tell me what exactly happened. When did my mother give you this box, and what did she say?"


Ethan waved his hand, urgently asking.

After so many years, he finally received some news about her. However, he never thought she'd left him something!

"It was just a few days before the car accident. At that time, Madam suddenly called for me and gave me this small box:"


Jayden slowly began to explain.
"I didn't think much of it at the time since she was still..."

"Anyway, I agreed to do it. I never expected that she'd be in a car accident later,and only then did I realize that she probably sensed that she was in danger. Therefore, she carved a way out for you! However.I can't understand why Madam, who has always been with the Wilsons and didn't contact the outside world much.would do such a thing."


"It must be related to the Wilsons. I must find out the truth behind this accident. To do that, I need enough power to defeat the Wilsons and force Brady to reveal the truth!"


Ethan clenched his fist tightly. Only with this could he find clues about his mother and figure everything out!


“Oh. where's the box you mentioned?"


At this moment, he suddenly remembered the box and quickly asked Jayden.


"Please wait a moment, I'll go get it for you!" Jayden said and got up to leave the room.


Shortly after, he returned while holding a dark box that had a palm-sized eagle pattern.


"Is this the box?" Ethan accepted the box and carefully examined it.


However, after looking at it for a while, he noticed that it couldn't be opened at all. One side of it had a keyhole, clearly indicating that it needed a key to open.


"What's inside? Where's the key? "Ethan asked.


"I'm sorry, Sir. I aIso don't know what's inside since I've never opened it before. When Madam gave me this,she never gave me the key. She said that she already gave it to you!" Jayden shook his head and explained while staring at Ethan.


“She already gave it to me?” Ethan was taken aback by the news.
A memory of a conversation with his mother suddenly flashed in his mind. Ethan's gaze fell on his chest.on an amber stone pendant his mother gave him years ago, instructing him to keep it safe. Turns out it was a key to unlocking a treasure!


Afterward, he thought that his mother was probably joking around.


After realizing this, Ethan immediately took out the amber stone from his chest and fiercely smashed it on the ground, cracking it open and revealing a thin and long metal object inside.
###Chapter44 The Enchanting Pearl


"There really is a key!" Jayden's eyes lit up instantly.


Ethan picked up the key and was about to open the small box on the table.



Jayden suddenly interrupted,“Master, let me leave first. You can take your time to look at it!"



Ethan was surprised for a moment before seriously saying.“Why are you leaving? Who can I trust if I can't even trust you?"



Upon hearing this, Jayden didn't argue or try to leave anymore.



Ethan didn't say anything more and, under Jayden's eyes,inserted the key and opened the box!



When they sawv inside it, both of them were immediately shocked.
There was only a robin egg-sized sphere,entirely blue with nothing else!



"There's only a small bead inside?" Jayden looked at the bead.surprised as he asked. On the other hand, Ethan was silent.



Since his mother left this for him, it meant that this bead was extraordinary!



Taking it out, Ethan carefully examined it.


Seeing that Ethan was still silent after observing it, Jayden asked.“Sir,do you notice anything?"



"Did I notice anything special?" Ethan looked at the bead again,absentmindedly holding it in his palm as he showed Jayden a helpless look. But at this moment, his expression suddenly changed.


"Jayden, hold this bead in your palm and see if you feel coldness seeping into your hand."
With the same expresson, he looked at Jayden and immediately gave him the bead. Jayden was surprised for a second, but still followed suit. He took a closer look at the bead before closing his hand around it. However, after waiting for a while, he didn't feel anything.



He showed confusion to Ethan as he handed the bead back.



"You really didn't feel anything?"



Ethan was stunned by Jayden's reaction, quickly trying again. The moment he held the bead in his palm, he indeed felt distinct coldness creeping into it. Could it be that only he could feel it? Or was this bead able to recognize its owner?



“Sir, please continue your research and rest well. I won't disturb you any further," Seeing Ethan focused on the bead, Jayden directly left the room.



Ethan was immersed, seemingly unaware of Jayden's departure.Shortly after, he was surprised to find that the coldness indeed seeped into his palm, spreading all over his wrist, arm, and throughout his body.
The cool sensation made him extremely comfortable, and it even treated most of his injuries! This bead's coldness unexpectedly had a healing effect!



Without realizing. Ethan sat while holding the bead all night without feeling any fatigue or discomfort. He didn't wake up until dawn,when Jayden knocked on the door.



"It's already bright out? All my injuries have somehow healed!”



He glanced at the rising sun outside the window, realizing that all his wounds had disappeared!



"Sir, you're awake." Jayden walked, surprised to see Ethan sitting on the chair. Ethan's heart skipped a beat, swallowing his words. It wasn't that he didn't want Jayden knowing this bead's ability; some things were just best unsaid. He should only keep this to himself,and he can't even let his closest person know. Otherwise, it might bring trouble!



"Jayden, you came at the right time. There's something I need you to do!" Ethan immediately said.
"Please give your orders. Sir!" Jayden didn't think much of it and simply responded respectfully.


"Go to Citibank immediately. I'll give you the key and password.I want you to get all the contracts and other information inside!"



Ethan gave Jayden a note containing the password and the key to the safe.



"If we don't need them now, shouldn't we just keep them in the safe?" Jayden asked, somewhat surprised.



"No,we need to retrieve them before the Wilsons can take action.After that, I need you to take these documents and go to the offshore company in Norway. Keep them safe and manipulate the company to cooperate with my actions when necessary!”Ethan instructed seriously.



"But what will you do while I'm gone?" Jayden asked worriedly.


"I'd less likely be targeted if I'm alone, and it'll be easier for me to do anything. If you stay, the worst that could happen is that if we
get attacked. I might have to return and save you!' Ethan sighed.Jeaving Jayden embarrassed. Although he knew some martial arts.he wasn't skilled enough.



Jayden shook his head and smiled bitterly, "Sir, what you said makes sense. If I stay, I'll only be a burden to you."



In the end, he agreed to Ethan's request and left Novaria with the documents, helping Ethan from behind the scenes.



Meanwhile, in Chloe's villa, Chloe had just finished making breakfast. She was about to go and wake Ethan up, realizing he wasn't in his room.



When she found the letter, she immediately ran up to the rooftop.She held the letter as she asked Greg. "Greg, did you say something to Ethan?"



"Miss, are you suspicious of me?" Greg responded calmly.


She angrily asked again,"If it weren't for you, why would Ethan leave without a goodbye last night? You promised me three days!"
0
"Believe it or not, they left on their own. Have you ever considered that instead of sticking around you all the time. they'd have their own matters to settle?" Greg sighed helplessly.



Upon hearing this. Chloe froze on the spot. Ethan's letter, besides expressing gratitude, did mention that he had important things to do. Could she have wrongly accused Greg?



She took out her phone and dialed Ethan's number. As Ethan watched Jayden leave the villa, he received a call from Chloe.



“Ethan,why did you leave without saying a thing?" the moment he picked up, she asked in annoyance.



"It would be too much trouble for you if I stayed, and I have something important to take care of. I knew if I told you in person,you would try to persuade me otherwise, so I could only leave quietly!” Ethan explained with a wry smile.



Ethan knew that Chloe would call him after reading the note in the morning, so he had anticipated her call,
She finally relaxed when she heard Ethan's determined tone.
knowing he wasn't lying. "Well, if there's something you need. just tell me. Maybe I can lend a hand."



At that moment, the villa's doorbell suddenly rang.



Ethan's heart skipped a beat, and he immediately said. "I have something to do. I'll explain later!"



After hanging up, he walked to the window and parted the curtains to glance out front. Soon, a peculiar expression appeared on his face.
###Chapter45 The Female Neighbor


When Ethan peeked outside, he was surprised to see a tall and beautiful woman standing there. After confirming she had nothing to do with the Wilsons, he opened the gate and stepped into the yard.



He bluntly asked, "What can I do for you?”



"I'm sorry to bother you. My name is Hannah, and I live next door.When I came home just now, my house had no electricity. Could you please take a look?" she asked, pointing to the three-story villa next door.



Ethan frowned, "Shouldn't you inform the property management instead? I'm sorry, but I'm not an electrician. I don't think I can help you.”"



“But the property management said the electrician hasn't started work yet and asked me to wait for over an hour. It's scorching hot,and I really can't stay at home without electricity. I had no choice but to come to you!" she pleaded pitifully to him.
Letting a stranger stay in his villa?


Ethan couldn't agree to such a request. He shook his head again.refusing,"I'm sorry, but I really can't help you. You should find someone else."



Hannah was surprised. She didn't expect him to reject her so decisively. Although she couldn't be considered a great beauty, she was quite confident in her looks and shape. Usually.no man would refuse her request once she asked. Despite that, she was firmly rejected by a young man today!



"If there's nothing else, I'll go back now." Ethan said with a furrowed brow, closing the gate and walking toward the villa.


She suddenly shouted toward him, "Wait, have we met before?"



Ethan paused his steps and replied, “You muist be mistaken. I've never seen you before!"



Hannah looked at his figure, smiling bitterly. She did find him somewhat familiar, but she couldn't remember. Since the other party
also said so, she prepared to leave reluctantly.


"Hannah! I finally found you!"



Just at that moment, an angry male voice echoed from far away.



Hannah turned her head, her face contorting as she asked,"Richard,what are you doing here?!"



“B*tch,if you weren't avoiding me, how could I find this place?Were you hooking up with another man behind my back again? If I don't see a 100,000 dollars today, I'll kill you!"



Richard stepped forward and slapped her hard, knocking her down to the ground from it.



Ethan was just about to close the door when he saw this scene.



"Richard,can you still call yourself a man? We're already divorced,so why won't you leave me alone?!”Hannah struggled to stand up,her face filled with anger as she questioned him.
"Stop talking nonsense. What does it matter if we're divorced? Of course, I'll still come to you if I need money! Don't think that just because your mother took away that little b*tch, I won't be able to find her. If you push me too hard, I can do anything!”



Richard threatened with a grimace on his face.



“You...you heartless bastard. Fiona is your own daughter!"



Hannah's face turned pale as she heard this.



Fiona, her daughter, was her only soft spot!



"Who knows if she's a child you had with another man? Anyway,I have custody rights over this girl now. If you don't hand over the money, I can take her back anytime. If you dare to hide her, I can call the police. Let's see if they take your side or mine!"



Richard threatened with even more urgency in his words.


"You, you're inhuman! We agreed that if I gave you $500,000,
you'd give me custody over Fiona. However, you've taken more than a million from me!"



Hannah question him in despair.



"I helped you raise her for three years, and you think $500,000 is enough for me? That amount is only for the custody rights! In these three years. I've spent a lot on raising her. I won't bother you if you want, but I'll only do that if you give me another million?
Otherwise, prepare $100,000 for me every month, and I'll come to get it!”



Richard greedily presented his own conditions.



"It's impossible. Even if I die, I won't agree!"



She clenched her teeth and coldly retorted. It wasn't that she didn't want to exchange money for her daughter, but she had seen through this man's insatiable greed. If she complied with his wants,he'd definitely return for more!



"How dare you refuse me, you b*tch? I'll let you know the
consequences of disobeying me today!"



Richard was infuriated, rushing toward Hannah again as he raised his fist.



Hannah retreated in fear, stumbling and falling tothe ground once more.



“Stop!”



At that moment, Ethan walked out from the villa's gate.



Alas, he wasn't so cruel, to just watch a woman being insulted and even physically abused in front of his own house.



"What,is someone here to save you? Are you my wife's boy toy?"



Richard turned his head and sneered at Ethan. In his eyes, Ethan looked like a fresh graduate who had just entered society. How could he be taken seriously?
"You better shut your mouth ánd get lost! Otherwise..."



Ethan couldn't be bothered to waste his breath with this shameless man; he felt disgusted to the core.



“F*ck... Looks like you won't know fear until you're taught a lesson!"



Richard was infuriated from this, pulling out a fruit knife as he rushed toward Ethan.



“Watch out!"



Hannah screamed in shock.



However, Ethan's expression darkened. Without panicking,he grabbed Richard by the hand that was holding the knife. His eyes flashed with harshness.



Richard froze in place. Before he could react, Ethan kicked him in the abdomen. Then, he powerfully twisted Richard's wrist, the
sound of bones dislocating echoing.


With a painful cry, the knife dropped to the ground. Richard's hand was already strangely twisted, clearly broken by Ethan's forceful twist!



Richard screamed in anguish, cold sweat instantly dripping down his cheeks in large droplets.



"If you dare come again, I'll disable all your limbs!" Ethan coldly warned,indifferent.



"You're ruthless. Just you wait; this isn't over!” With a resentful look, Richard clutched his deformed wrist and staggered away, not forgetting to threat Ethan beforehand.



"Are you okay? Do you need me to take you back?” Ethan walked over to Hannah, who was still lying on the ground. He reached out to help her up.



"Thank you, I appreciate it!" she nodded gratefully. His previous refusal made her feel uncomfortable, but she never expected him to
rescue her without hesitation!



For a brief moment, she even believed God had sent Ethan to save her from misery!



'This woman is unexpectedly quite informal,' Ethan thought with a wry smile. He decided to continue being a good person, helping her back to the villa.
###Chapter46 Ore Trading Conference


"It was just a tripped fuse in the basement. Maybe something in your house short-circuited, so if this happens again, check if the fuse tripped!" Ethan brushed off the dlust from his hands,reminding Hannah as they walked up the stairs from her villa's basement.



"Thank you so much. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't have known what to do. You even fixed the circuit for me! How about I buy you lunch?" Hannah was sitting on the sofa in the living room while dabbing her scraped arm with ointment after changing into a white dress.



"No need, it was just a small favor! I'll head back now!" Ethan brightened up, thinking that this woman looked quite beautiful in a dress. However, he wasn't in the mood to appreciate a beautiful woman right now; he was eager to go back and continue what he was doing!


"Wait..." Unexpectedly, despite her many hints, Ethan was still oblivious. Hannah quickly stood up and called out to him.
"Is there something else?” Ethan furrowed his brow, seeming dissatisfied with Hannah taking up his time.



"I still don't know your name." Hannah laughed bitterly. It was the first time she had encountered a man who wasn't immediately at her feet.



"It's Alex." Ethan concealed his real name. This woman mentioned that she had seen him at the villa gate before, and he didn't want to complicate matters.



"Alex... Alright then, are you interested in minerals? I'm attending a mineral trading conference this afternoon. If you're free,you could tag along...”



"How about I buy you a piece of ore as a token of gratitude?"Hannah extended an invitation to Ethan.



"Are you talking about mineral gambling?" Ethan's interest was immediately piqued.



"That's right. You seem interested, so how about I pick you up at
the entrance after lunch?" Hannah noticed Ethan's hesitation and had a sudden idea.



"Do you know a lot about the industry?" Ethan was instantly intrigued as he was struggling to figure out the bead's origins



"I personally own a jewelry company, so I have some knowledge about gemstones!" Hannah modestly explained.



"Then, could you help me identify this bead's material?" Ethan said as he took out the bead from his chest pouch.



“Oh,it's blue and has a very unique texture. If it weren't transparent, I would've suspected it was artificial. I'm sorry,but I don't know either! Maybe you can come with me to the mineral trading fair and someone there might recognize this!"


Hannah looked at it for a while but couldn't make sense of it.Helplessly, she returned the bead to Ethan while inviting him.



"Consider it an opportunity to broaden your horizons!" she smiled at him, hoping he'd give in.
"Here's my number, so give me a call before you leave." Ethan hesitated for a moment but eventually agreed, leaving his phone number with Hannah before leaving.



"What an interesting young man!" Watching Ethan return to his villa from her own yard. Hannah had a faint smile.



But soon, she remembered what had just happened and a trace of worry flashed through her eyes.



Back in his room, Ethan couldn't wait to take the bead out. It was strange how he could wear it directly on his body.



After all, it was strange for a grown man to wear a pouch.


"Hannah owns a jewelry company, I should ask her to turn it into a necklace so I can wear it," Ethan thought, suddenly recalling his neighbor.



Shaking his head, he put that though aside and focused on the blue bead.
Just like last night, as long as he held it in his palm, he would feel a cool sensation seep into him.



Moreover,he could feel that even though the coolness had grown fainter with time, it was still flowing throughout his body.



He couldn't understand the purpose of it, but the fact that it healed his injuries overnight was mind-blowing.



Also, he felt more energetic than before, with a slight improvement in his senses and touch.



However, this improvement wasn't very noticeable. Could it be just his imagination?



Unable to figure it out, Ethan decided not to dwell on it and continued holding the pearl.



He continued to feel the comforting coldness, eventually drifting off.
Since this cooling sensation had therapeutic abilities, it must have other advantages as well. He was willing to investigate and discover
this bead's wonders long as it didn't harm his body.
Ethan was woken up from his slumber when his phone rang,“It's already 1?"he glanced at the time and chuckled. He felt strength surge in him, and he was revitalized, which gave him a new understanding of the pearl's effects.



The call was from Hannah, who had already parked her car in front of his villa. After answering the phone, Ethan went downstairs without worrying about lunch; he didn't even feel hungry at the moment.



Hannah was driving a BMW 7 Series. As Ethan walked out of the villa's gate, he saw her lowering the car window and waving at him."Have you eaten? Do you want to grab a bite first?"



She asked with concern.



"I alreadly ate, so let's just go to the fair you mentioned!" Ethan bluntly replied, getting into the passenger seat and fastening his seatbelt.



Hannah didn't really respond and started the car. As the car started moving,he involuntarily glanced at villa's yard before showing a strange expression on his face. Unable to resist, he turned his head
to look again.


In Jayden yard wwas a sycamore tree, one side of its crown grew dense and lush, while one corner had bare branches that stood out in stark contrast to the rest of the tree.



Moreover, that corner seemed to be right next to his bedroom window!



Before Ethan could examine it further, the car had already driven away. He didn't pay it much mind since he could see it later when he returned.



The mineral gambling event that Hannah mentioned was held at a convention center in Novaria's district, with a grand setup and bustling crowd.



"Miss Collins, you've arrived. I've been waiting for you for over half an hour!" Just as they got out of the car, Ethan put on the sunglasses he brought as they were approached by a well-dressed young man.
Ethan noticed that this man looked at him with a hint of vigilance and hostility in his eyes.


"I got held up. Clint, didn't you say you invited Mr. Foster? Where is he?" Hannah casually asked, seemingly uninterested in explaining much to this man.



"Don't you trust me? Mr. Foster has already arrived and is in the venue. He went to help check the mineral's qualities. Miss Collins,this is...?” Clint finally directed the conversation toward Ethan.



"This is Alex, mny friend. Since Mr. Foster has arrived, let's go in quickly and not keep him waiting!" Hannah made a brief introduction and urged them to move.



Hearing this, Clint didn't ask any more questions and calmly led Hannah and Ethan to one of the exhibition areas.


"Your employee?" Ethan quietly asked her, walking by her side.


"Yes, his name is Clint, and he's the company's vice president.He's quite capable, but he's also a bit of a snob!"” Hannah explained with
a smile, showing her confidence in Clint.



Ethan didn't ask any further despite sensing something from Clint's eyes. However, that was Hannah's business, and he didn't want to get involved as long as he wasn't bothered.



Under Clint's guidance, they arrived at an ore exhibition area. The Mr. Foster Clint mentioned before was a man in his 50s or 60s, his attire slightly messy with a magnifying glass in hand.



“Mr. Foster, thank you for your hard work today! I'll make sure Clint takes good care of you tonight!" After meeting, Hannah warmly expressed her thanks to the old man.



"Miss Collins, you're too kind. I already promised you that I'd do my best to help!" Jovan politely replied, before his gaze fell on Ethan and showed a hint of doubt.
###Chapter47 Gambling on Stones


Seeing this, Hannah quickly introduced Ethan, and Jovan's face eased up.



Ethan thought of something. Jovan appeared to have benefited in some way from Hannah, worried that his business would be abruptly taken away by someone.



This alone reduced Jovan to nothing more than a self-righteous man,regardless of whether he was actually an expert in mineral appraisal.



Originally, Ethan wanted to have the old man take a look at his pearl, but now it seemed like a bad idea.Moreover, the man's occasional eye contact with Clint made him see that something fishy was going on while Hannah was completely unaware of this situation.



"Alex, take a look and see if any of these stones catch your eye.I can get you one as a gift!" Hannah asked Ethan, who was observing a pile of stones.



Upon hearing this, Clint and Jovan looked at each other,both
revealing a surprised expression.


"That's alright. I don't like taking advantage of people. Even if I really like something. I'll just buy it myself!" Ethan turned his head and refused without hesitation, as he had been observing two fist-sized stones in front of him for a while but couldn't make any sense out of them.


Hannah didn't insist after hearing his answer, but Clint suddenly chuckled ambiguously,“You're quite arrogant, aren't you? I guess you're unfamiliar with these stones' prices? Some are worth thousands or even tens of thousands of dollars, and someare astronomical figures...”


“It's not something that a fresh college graduate like you can afford!”


"Clint, Alex is my friend. Why are you speaking to him like that?”


Hannah's eyebrows furrowed at his words, and she scolded him dissatisfiedly.


“Miss Collins, I'm just kindly reminding him so that your friend doesn't make a fool of himself later!"
Clint sneered dismissively


On the other hand, Ethan remained completely silent, ignoring Clint's mocking remarks as if he wasn't listening at all.



"Can I touch these stones?” Ethan asked Hannah.



"Of course, as long as you don't damage them!" Hannah nodded.



"So,you know nothing!”



Upon hearing this, Clint chuckled and then exchanged a glance with Jovan. The two of them walked towards a pile of larger ore on the side.



"Take a look first and let me know if you need anything!" Hannah instructed Ethan before catching up with Clint.



Hannah had asked Clint to bring theso-called Mr. Foster here today to find some reliable jadeite ore for her company.



Ethan paid no attention and replied absentmindedly. He carefully observed the small pieces of ore, which when put in his hands,
weren't particulatly large.


After examining several pieces, Ethan didn't notice any difference between the stones. It seemed that appraising minerals was really not an easy task and relied heavily on luck.



No wonder mineral trading is alsocalled gambling.



But just as Ethan had put down several pieces of ore, something unexpected happened!



As he was examining a fist-sized piece of ore, he suddenly felt a cool sensation in his chest.



It was the same as the mysterious pearl, but didn't it only occur when held in the palm of his hand?



Why did hanging it on his chest also trigger this reaction?



Soon, Ethan noticed that the spot on his palm where it made contact with the stone also felt strange. The stone actually emitted that strange energy, which then seeped into his palm.
Moreovet, these energies were much stronger than before. They then traveled through his arm in the direction of the pearl at his heart and disappeared!



It turned out that the pearl absorbed the cool energy from the stone through his body as a medium!



Ethan couldn't help but feel overjoyed. Although he couldn't understand what this cool energy was,it was definitely a good thing. And why didn't the previous stones emit this same energy?



"How much is this stone?" Ethan had a bold guess in his mind and asked the man guarding the stall.



"You're interested in this piece? You look like a recent graduate. I'll give it to you for $10,000! I won't make a profit off you, but if you lose in gambling, don't come looking for me!"



The man couldn't help but sneer, not believing that Ethan could afford it.



Ethan,who seemed clueless, quickly turned his eyes and said to the man,"Three thousand dollars, if I lose,it's my bad luck!"
Ethan pretended not to hear what the boss said earlier and quoted his own price.



"Who bargains like this? Alright, take it for eight thousand dollars!How about this?”



The man widened his eyes, thinking that this person didn't seem easy to fool?



Seeing Ethan staring straight at him, the man had to change his words again,"Five thousand dollars, can't go any lower!”



Upon hearing this, Ethan turned and walked away!


"...Don't leave...three thousand dollars will do, okay?"



Seeing that Ethan was really leaving, the man suddenly became anxious.



"You've made three thousand dollars, don't act like you suffered a big loss!”



Ethan paid the man for the piece of ore he had just picked up, then
left without looking back.



"Spending three thousand dollars on a piece of junk, look at what you're capable of!"



When Ethan was far away, the man sneered coldly.



“Alex,is that the stone you bought?”



Seeing Ethan approaching with a piece of ore in his hand,Hannah asked in surprise.



"Isn't it just a piece of worthless scrap? You actually bought this kind of stone? But then again, what else could you afford?"



Clint glanced at the ore in Ethan's hand and mockingly laughed.



Seeing Hannah glaring at him, Clint shut his mouth reluctantly, but a cold and sinister expression flashed in his eyes.



"I want to open it up and see if there's any jade inside!"
Ethan didn't even look at Clint. He fast said to Hannah.



"Hahaha...you really dare to think...Miss Collins...you better take him to cut the jade quickly, so he doesn't miss out on making big money!"



Clint couldn't help himself and laughed again in response to Hannah's disapproving gaze.



"Then come with me!”



Hannah said and took Ethan to the stall where they cut the stones.



Looking at the piece of scráp that Ethan brought, the stonecutter looked at him contemptuously and pointed to the price list, saying to Ethan, "Take a look at the price lst. Regardless of the size of the stone, I charge one thousand dollars per cut!"



"No problem, go ahead and cutit!" Ethan said nonchalantly.



The stonecutter also didn't expect to encounter such a fool like him today. He took the stone from Ethan and placed it on the cutting table.
"It's too small. do you want me to cut or polish?" the stonecutter asked Ethan.



"Cut it in half from the middle!" Ethan said without hesitation.


The stonecutter didn't take it seriously and casually cut the small stone in half with the saw blade.



Suddenly, a curse word burst out of the stonecutter's mouth.



As the one who cut the stone,he was naturally the first one to see the inside after it was cut!



"Is a piece of scrap really worth making such a fuss about? I want to see...”



“Look...”


At this moment, Clint came forward and took half of the ore in his hand.


At the same time, the conditions of the two halves of the ore were presented in front of everyone's eyes, instantly choking Clint's words
in his throat!
###Chapter 48
In fact, Jayden didn't know what really happened. However, Tim's hostile attitude, and the family's sudden video meeting was enough to give him a bad feeling.

"Sir, there are definite signs of an internal power struggle within the family,and the situation seems to be escalating...”

"I don't know the details, but the elders are waiting for you to return and do a video conference. I also got this news just now," Jayden explained,his worried look becoming more evident.

“Ethan,you really have no manners to return so late. Don't you know the elders are waiting for you?" Tim
scolded Ethan arrogantly.

Ever since Ethan walked in earlier indifferently, Tim had been holding back his anger.

"Who do you think you are? If I have to use my status as a cousin to suppress you, I don't really care. You're nothing in my eyes!” Ethan responded expressionlessly.

Tim didn't expect him to have the audacity to fight back, his face darkening. Afterward, he thought of the upcoming video conference and smirked maliciously before saying,“Fine,enjoy your arrogance for now.
A few minutes later,you'll be crying!"

"That's enough, Sir. Let's start the meeting quickly so the elders don't
have to wait any longer," Jayden said,not wanting Ethan to fight with Tim anymore. Otherwise, it'd make things difficult, even for Ethan.

Before Tim could retort, Jayden had already pressed the control button,switching the video to the conference room.

In the center of the video was an old man with a white beard and eyebrows. His thin and wrinkled face was red, his sharp eyes emitting a formidable aura.

This old man was Elder Brady, the Wilson family's current head and Tim s grandfather.

On his left and right were two other elders,both with cold and stern
expressions at the camera.

Seeing these vaguely familiar faces,Ethan couldn't help but feel a mix of emotions. Ever since he was banished three years ago, he'd never expected to meet them again like this. They never contacted him until now, as if they had completely forgotten about him.

“Grandfather,respected elders!" Tim immediately bowed and greeted the video with a smile, showing a stark contrast to Ethan's calm and unaffected demeanor

“Ethan,why didn't you greet the elders when you saw them?”Brady narrowed his eyes and asked in a low voice.
“Don't you already have Tim to be your good grandson? Since you wouldn't really care about me, I won't join in this lively scene,”Ethan replied calmly.

“I initially thought you were just being mischievous and you'd still redeem yourself, but now it seems you're not even willing to fight for your last chance." Brady angrily sneered in a low, menacing tone.

“Stop beating around the bush and get straight to the point. Don't you have something to discuss?" Ethan responded nonchalantly.

“I'm extremely busy right now, and I don't want to waste anyone's time.Therefore,you should stop labeling me as someone who doesn't know
better!" Ethan urged impatiently.

“Ethan,what's with this attitude?
How dare you talk to the elders like
this?“One elder immediately
slammed the table and angrily
questioned.

"Alright, let's get straight to the point.
I'm asking you, will you accept being
the family's heir? This is your last
chance,so think carefully before
answering.

Otherwise,you will lose everything
you have now and be banished
completely from the Wilsons!” Brady
waved his hand, signaling the elder
beside him to calm down.

Ethan furrowed his brows. Whenever
things don't go as he expected,there
was probably something suspicious
going on. Was Brady so eager to
change his attitude and make him the
heir just because of his business
abilities?
###Chapter 49

"I've never thought of being the heir, nor do I care." He replied bluntly. Since he suspected something fishy, he would never agree to this. Who knew if they were setting a trap for him?

“Have you thought this through? If you give up, not only will you lose Cloud Group, but you'll also be banished from our famiy!”Brady's face immediately turned grim, and the other elders revealed uncertain expressions. Seeing this, Ethan could confirm his guess even more.

“I believe the elders haven't ages so much to the point they can't hear me, right?" Ethan was determined. This made Jayden anxious on the side, but unfortunately, he had little influence and couldn't say anything.

"Ethan, you chose this, so you can't blame anyone else! Now, as an elder of the Wilson family, I banish you from the Wilson family. We will cutall ties immediately, and your position as Cloud Group's chairman is revoked, with Tim temporarily assume that position. Let it be known to everyone immediately!" Brady snorted coldly,announcing Ethan's expulsion from the Wilsons without mercy.

"Grandfather,you can rest assured that I will take over Cloud Group and ensure its further success!" Tim exclaimed joyfully. Whilst expressing gratitude, he also looked at Ethan with imperiousness.

"Elders, this isn't right... All these years, it was Ethan who'd revived the declining Cloud Group and contributed greatly to the Wilsons..."Jayden's face immediately turned sour and couldn't help but plead for Ethan.

"Enough, Jayden, They've already decided this, so how you change it with a few words?" Ethan interrupted hím, knowing that it was futile to plead at this point.

Jayden suddenly lowered his head and fell silent.
“Ethan, how dare you act arrogantly in front of me?" T'm mocked him with a smug look on his face.

Unfortunately, Ethan still treated him like air, acting as if he hadn't heard a word.

After some silence, he looked up at Brady and said slowly,"Since it has come to this, I won't complain if you want to remove me from the Wilsons. However, Cloud Group was my hard work. Without me,it would've long gone bankrupt! All these years, my only hope was to get a single answer. As long as you can tell me the truth about the car accident that killed my father and caused my mother's disappearance, I will hand Cloud Group over."

Upon hearing this, the faces of the elders changed simultaneously,clearly shocked by his question.

Nobody in the Wilson family had mentioned that car accident for years.They didn't expect him to still hold onto it after so long!

“You're no longer a member of the Wilson family, so why should I tell you? Moreover, Cloud Group was originally our property; why must I wait for you to hand it over? Do you think you're the only one capable of doing so? Let me warn you, this is my family's top secret, and outsiders have no right to know. If you dare to investigate it privately, don't blame me for not showing mercy! The meeting is over!”

Brady's response was extremely decisive, with no intention of explaining. Afterward, he directly ended the video.

“Perhaps I should've expected this outcome, Brady. However, do you think everything is under your control? I'll make you realize that even if I leave the Wilson family, I won't tolerate anyone stepping on me!”

Ethan clenched his fist tightly, shocked that even after leaving the family, Brady still didn't want to say anything about the car accident.
In an instant, his anger reached its peak.
Turning his head, he coldly stared at Tim's proud face beforewalking out of the conference room without looking back.
###Chapter 50

"Where are you going without my permission?!"

Tim was angry by Eithan's indifference, shouting at the latter's back.

Unfortunately, Ethan ignored him completely, not even pausing for a moment as he disappeared instantly.

"I'm now Cloud Group's chairman, so how dare this worthless man be so arrogant?!"

Tim slammed the table in anger, the joy from becoming the chairman vanishing due to Ethan's lack of concern.

“Sir, even though you are the chairman, Ethan has already severed ties with the Wilsons. You can't control him anymore."

"What makes you think I can't?!"

Jayden seethed with an unpleasant expression.

"Shut up and know your place. You're just the Wilson family's dog,so what gives you the right to talk to me like this? As the chairman, I order you to get Ethan out of this place immediately! I don't want to see him leaving unharmed; I want him crawling out like a stray dog!"

Tim vented all his anger on Jayden in an instant, pointing angrily toward the door.

“Iapologize, Sir. Even if I am a dog, I know not to bite the hand that feeds me. I know my place, so I won't bother to submit my resignation letter. After all, you probably won't even read it. Anyhow.goodbye!”

Jayden snorted with an unpleasant expression and, without hesitation.chased after Ethan with Tim's sinister gaze behind him.
He was a loyal person. How could he ábandon Ethan at a time lfke this?

“This is outrageous! You're nothing but a dog, and only I can give you the juiclest bonesl You've really lost your mind, to fallow useledd Ethanl Do you think I can't finish both of you off?"

Filled with rage, Tim shouted and cursed at Jayden's receding figure,but all he got in response was Ethan's resolute footsteps!

At that moment, his hatred for them had reached its peak. He wanted nothing more than to find a way to them disappear without a trace!

"You go and bring them back! I want to see them begging on their knees!”

He stormed to the door and angrily ordered the Wilson family's bodyguards he had brought with him.

"Sir, the company isn't a place for physical confrontation. Moreover,Ethan is skilled in combat. The elders have instructed you to exercise restraint, and Mike should be here soon! Once he arrives, you can decide how to deal with them!"

The leader of the bodyguards immediately tried to persuade Tim.

"So,you're implying that you're not a match for Ethan? And that you're afraid?"

Tim sternly askod.

"Well... I thought it'd be better to wait for Mike to join and increa6e our chances. Ethan may mat be may maareh, but I'm worried he might run off. I we're going to take Action, we shouldn't give bim even the slightoat chancel"

The bodyguard's face laaked uncomntortable as he explained with a
lowered head.

"Useless, all of you are useless!”

Tim cursed in anger twice in the direction Ethan and Jayden went.

Without the title of chairman, Ethan could no longer take the chairman's private elevator. It wasn't that the security guards wouldn't allow it, but it was just impermissible.

After leaving the meeting room, he simply took the stairs down.

Not long after, Jayden also followed from behind.

"Jayden,why must you do this?" Ethan didn't stop walking, his voice soft.

Sighing heavily, Jayden walked behind him. There was no need for guessing or questioning; the answer was obvious.

"I know what I should do. Besides, even if I stayed, I'd only be no less than a dog in front of some people!"

Jayden responded calmly with a smile.

Ethan remained silent, but a slight smirk appeared on his lips involuntarily.

Though Jayden rarely expressed his loyalty, he knew very well that this person who had followed his father for many years was undoubtedly the one he trusted the most!

Although they were walking down the stairs, they still had to cross the entire office area to reach the company's main entrance.

On the other hand, Tim had already taken the elevator with his men and arrived at the lobby, waiting to see Ethan and Jayden look lost and out of sorts!
When Ethan appeared in the lobby, all the employees around looked at him.

At the same time, many employees from the 2nd and 3rd floors also appeared in the circular corridors. All of them had their eyes fixed on him.

Ethan continued looking forward, but his footsteps suddenly paused briefly before he resumed walking to the entrance.

"Ethan, I will make all of Cloud Group's employees see your miserable appearance and pitiful end. Don't worry, I'll make you know the feeling of wanting to die!"

Tim revealed a sinister smile on his grim face.

However, this smile froze by the next second. He was infuriated when he saw how the new employees stared at Ethan. Although they didn't dare approach or speak to him, they all bowed down toward him as a respectful way of sending him off!

After all, they all knew that his great contributions were the reason behind the company's present success!

“Damn it, damn it! Did I tell you all to bow to him? Didn't I tell you to mock and scold him for being so ignorant?!“

Tim lost control of his emotions, angrily yelling at everyone.

However,nobody responded. After Ethan walked out of the entrance,they all indifferently returned to their positions as if nothing had ever happened.

"You humiliated me before you left, Ethan. Since you asked for it,don't blame me for being ruthless!”

Tim's face turned ashen and he clenched his fist tightly. He ordered the bodyguard beside him,"Keep a close eye on him and arrange
things immediately. I can't wait any Ionger!"
The bodyguard's eyelids twitched upon hearing this, but he swallowed his words when he saw Tim's intimidating gaze.

"Not laying a finger on him within the company has been my greatest restraint!”

Tim reminded with narrowed eyes.

"I'll get it done right away!"

The bodyguard could only promise reluctantly.

At the same time, Ethan and Jayden had just walked out of the company. They stopped, staring at the company they had built from scratch.

"Sir, do you regret it? “Jayden asked quietly. Despite Ethan's calm face, there was a resolute glimmer in his eyes.
###Chapter 51


"Do you really want me to become the heir? If I did, Brady would definitely trap me in a cagel" Ethan reminded while slightly smiling.

"What I mean is, you worked so hard to save Cloud Group. Without you,it wouldn't have developed to where it is today! Are you really willing to let go just like this?" Jayden asked with a bitter smile.

"Let Brady enjoy his temporary victory. Not just anyone can snatch my belongings, and that includes him! I'll take Cloud Group back,and I'll make it rise even higher than before," Ethan confidently said,blinking at Jayden as if what happened just now didn't affect him at all.

Jayden was surprised, his intuition telling him that things weren't as simple as they appeared. Ethan seemed to have expected this to happen and had a backup plan.

Just as he was about to ask, Ethan's phone suddenly rang.

It was Chloe. Why was this girl calling again?

Seeing the caller, Ethan paused for a moment before answering.

“Ethan, are you alright?" Chloe's concerned voice immediately came through the phone.

“What could be wrong with me? Why are you asking?" he replied with a smile.

"I saw the news about you..." she paused without continuing her sentence.

Ethan's eyes narrowed upon hearing that. He didn't expect Brady,
that old bastard, to act so quickly and announce it to the news!

"That's right, I'm no longer Cloud Group's chairman, and you could even call me a vagrant! Are you still willing to be friends with me?"Ethan asked with a carefree smile.


"What are you talking about? Do you think I only befriended you for your status?" Chloe couldn't help but sulk, but then grinned and continued,“But judging from your current state, you seem fine.I'm glad!”

“Thank you for your concern," Ethan felt somewhat touched. Not everyone would proactively call and care about you when you're down and out.

"We're friends now, so there's no need to be so distant. By the way,what's your next plan?" Chloe changed the topic.

“I haven't thought about it yet, but at least I'm sure I won't starve!”Ethan replied with a laugh.

She suddenly invited him,"How about coming to my company? I know it's small and you might not be impressed, but at least you have a temporary place. Of course, I won't stop you if you get better opportunities,”

"Just because you know about my situation doesn't mean you have to do this for me. Thank you for the offer!" Ethan said sincerely.

"You're welcome, buddly!"she replied warmly.

He reminded her with a serious tone,"Are you sure you want to help me at a time like this? My enemies are not easy to deal with."

She bluntly replied, "We've already established that we're friends, no?Why worry about burdening me anymore? Besides, if it weren't for your help, Zachary would've ruined my small company a longtime ago!”
Ethan was shortly confused. Her attitude and actions at this moment reminded him of Sharon, who once helped him when he was at his lowest.


The two women's figures suddenly overlapped at this moment,giving him a sense of déjà vu and an inexplicable heartache.

"Why are you so quiet? I'm not helping just you, but also myself.During Cloud Group's decline, you turned the tables and brought the company success. With you around, my small company might become the next Cloud Group," Chloe said, seemingly concerned about Ethan's uneasiness.

"No,it's just that I haven't made up my mind yet. I'll get back to you once I've thought it through," Ethan explained with a wry smile.
###Chapter 52
If possible, he didn't want to involve Chloe in his matters. After all,the Wilson family wasn't easy to deal with. One wrong move could lead to his own downfall, and he couldn't guarantee her safety.

She compromised and invited him again, "Alright, I'll give you some time to think. Once you've decided, feel free to find me. But before that, as a friend, I want to invite you for some coffee. You wouldn't refuse,would you?"

"Coffee? If you don't mind me bringing a friend, I would be delighted!” Ethan raised an eyebrow, turning his head to look at Jayden as he smiled.

Considering the circumstances and knowing she would likely persuade him to go to her place after they meet, he couldn't refuse Chloe's goodwill anymore.

"No problem,bring your friend along!" She gave him a coffee drop's address.

Just as Chloe ended the call, an old man's voice came from behind her,“Miss,Madam says you have a maximum of three more months.She hopes you can return sooner. Why are you still wasting time in Novaria?”

“I remember we made an agreement with the family before. They promised to not interfere with my life for two years. When the time is up, I will obediently return to accept their arrangements. Now, are you telling me that you won't even give me these last three months?"Chloe looked at the old man behind her. Her face showed a hint of refusal, but her eyes were filled with deep helplessness.

“Miss,please don't misunderstand. Madam heard about the incident where you were almost humiliated a few days ago, which infuriated her. She's just worried about your safety and seeks your return as soon as possible. If you want to stay in Novaria, I can only stay with
you to ensure your safety!" The old man hastily explained, his tone leaving no room for negotiation.

"What's the difference between this and monitoring me?" Chloe angrily questioned.

"I apologize, Miss, but this is Madam's bottom line. She doesn't want anything similar happening again. However, please rest assured as I'11 only come when you're in danger. I won't interfere with your life!"he solemnly assured her.

Chloe could only sigh and fall silent. Even though she was the Miller family's most cherished daughter,she couldn't help but feel a deep sense of powerlessness.

Ten minutes later, Ethan and Jayden arrived at the café. They saw Chloe waiting for them at a booth on the second floor.

"So,the friend you mentioned turns out to be Mr. Wilson!" she exclaimed in surprise upon seeing them together.

"Miss Miller must be joking. I'm longer with Cloud Group, so I don't deserve the title Mr. Wilson anymore. You can just call me Jayden.”Jayden replied with a bitter smile,shaking his head.

Chloe was even more astonished. She only knew that Ethan had left Cloud Group, but she never expected Jayden to leave as well!

At that moment, Tim couldn't believe that right after leaving the company,Ethan was already having coffee with a beautiful woman.This angered him.

"Bring everyone along. This time, I'll make sure Ethan has nowhere to híde!" Tim immedíately commanded his bodyguard without hesitation.

"But Sir, Mike hasn't arrived yet! Shouldn't we wait a bit longer?"The bodyguard hesitantly suggested.
"Who's your Young Master right now? I can't wait for any longer! If you don't want to be puníshed, go and kill Ethan for me!” Tim angrily scolded, leaving the bodyguard with no choice but to lead his men and follow him straight to Ethan.
###Chapter 53

Inside the café. Chloe asked Ethan why things had suddenly escalated to this point. Ethan didn't hide anything and briefly explained what happened.

Basically, someone in the family coveted Cloud Group and used other means to take it away.

After listening, Chloe was filled with righteous indignation.

“I never expected the people from the Wilson family to be so shameless. Relying on being the grandson of the Wilson family patriarch, Tim conspired with his own people to attack his cousin. It's despicable!”

She had a certain charm when she was angry.

“Alright, let's calm down and figure out the next steps," Ethan said,trying to ease the situation.

"The person involved doesn't even care, so don't be so upset!" he couldn't help but laugh lightly,appearing carefree.

"You're not angry at all?" she asked him, surprised that he could still laugh.

"If getting angry could solve the problem, I would've been furious by now. Keeping my possessions doesn't depend on my anger, it depends on this," Ethan seriously replied, pointing at his head.

"I support your idea, so let's work together. Although my company's small, you're one of Novaria's business legends. I'm sure you can replicate Cloud Group's success and reach even greater heights!"Chloe's eyes lit up, excitedly hitting the table as she spoke.
Shaking his head with a wry smile, Ethan asked, "You asked me to consider it, right? So, you invited me to coffee just to discuss this?”
"I'm serious! Some things can't be explained over the phone, and I have full belief in you," she said earnestly, pouting her lips.

"How ridiculous! Cloud Group's former chairman now needs a woman's help to make a comeback?"

Just then, a snide voice came from nearby, accompanied by an applause.

"Tim? What're you doing here?" Ethan raised his eyebrows, staring coldly at Tim.

"If I didn't come, how would I know that the Wilson family's exiled dog still have the mood to invite women around? They call you a business genius and Novaria's legend, but I don't really see that.“

Tim walked and looked down at Ethan sitting on the couch.He had a proud attitude, his voice laced with mockery.

"Sir, we have no relations with Cloud Group anymore. Why are you still trying to assault us? Aren't you going too far?" Jayden questioned with an annoyed look.

Without hesitation, Tim slapped Jayden's old face.

“You're just an old dog, but you think so highly of yourself! You dare talk to me like that, even ignoring me and leaving the company with this waste! I'll make you regret betraying me!"

With fierce words, it seemed like Tim had control over Jayden's life and death.


"How can you just hit someone? Have you lost your mind?" Chloe regained her senses, immediately standing up and angrily pointing at Tim.

Ethan's pupils constricted, his face blunt as he spoke in a low voice, “Kneel down and apologize to Jayden right now!"
He knew very well that if Tim had reasoning, he wouldn't have followed them here. Trying to reason with someone like him wouldn't work; he just had to understand what pain was!

"What did you say? You want me to apologize to this old dog? Ethan,have you gone mad? Honestly... Let me tell you, I came here today to settle scores. You should be the one apologizing right now!" Tim sneered, maintaining a high-and-mighty posture. He packed back and forth without even looking directly at Ethan, only casting a sidelong glance.

"...I almost forgot about the main issue. You and this old dog actually have billions of dollars in your accounts, and I suspect you of embezzling company assets. Therefore, you're coming back with me for investigation!" Tim leaned down, staring at Ethan with a smirk and menacing eyes.

He had planned this a while ago, despite knowing the money was simply the two's accumulated salaries and profit dividends over the years. They didn't have any problems at all.

"This money is our legitimate earnings. On what grounds can you accuse us of embezzling? If you don't believe me, you can check the company's accounts!"

Jayden's face turned red, angrily retorting. He couldn't believe that even at his age, he would still be falsely accused.

"Of course, I will. Isn't that why I invited you both to go back with me? As for whether this money is legal or not, we can only find out after the results are out!” Tim lightly laughed in satisfaction. For him,accusing these two like this was well-deserved!

“Considering that you were once my cousin, I can give you a chance.This way, you won't say I'm unfair. As long as you hand over the money and kneel down while apologizing, maybe I'll let you off nicely," Tim continued, reminding Ethan with an ironic tone,
"Save your breath. Let me ask, do you want to apologize on your knees, or should I help you?" Ethan squinted indifferently, his tone surprisingly cold. He didn't care about Tim's provocation at all.

Tim was surprised that Ethan still had the audacity to speak to him like this, instantly furious and embarrassed.

"Ethan! Do you still think you're Cloud Group's high-and-mighty chairman? Let me remind you, right now, you're nothing! I can even make your life a living hell with just a word, so how dare you threaten me? Guards, give this fool a good lesson!" Tim's face contorted in a hideous manner.

"I advise you to obediently go back with us, or else I'll have to take action!" The bodyguard had already prepared himself. He stared at Ethan like a cheetah, ready to pounce at any moment.

With a crisp sound, Ethan's response was a merciless slap directly across Tim's face.

"Since you won't apologize, then this slap is for Jayden!" his emotionless voice resounded coldly, even making the bodyguard involuntarily shudder!

As far as he knew, Ethan's skills should not surpass his own. Why did this guy suddenly burst out such a fierce momentum? It even made him feel fear!

"You dare hit me?" After a while, Tim finally snapped back to reality,his eyes widening!

"You even dare to...”

"It's nothing much, really. Since you're so stubborn, l'll make ehre you can't even leave this building!" Ethansneered disdainfully.
###Chapter 54

"What are you standing around for? Get him! I want him dead!" Tim was infuriated, his face twisting as he yelled at the bodyguard.

"For daring to slap him, I'll disable your hand first!" The bodyguard was determined, shouting angrily as he threw a punch at Ethan.

“Be careful!" Worried that Chloe and Jayden might be affected, Ethan propped himself on the table and kicked the sofa they were sitting on along with the two people on it.

With his fists swinging in the air, the bodyguard shouted coldly,“You should watch yourself first instead of others!"

Ethan blocked with his elbow. However, the bodyguard smiled strangely, suddenly turning his fist into a claw gesture as he grabbed Ethan's shoulder.


Ethan's expression changed, twisting himself into a strange angle to narrowly avoid the attack. He involuntarily took several steps back.

"I thought you were stronger, but it seems you're nothing special!"With just a few simple moves, the bodyguard immediately determined Ethan's strength, dispelling his previous worries and becoming even more aggressive.

Ethan also felt a sinking feeling; this bodyguard's combat skills surpassed his own. If he couldn't finish the fight faster, he would truly be in trouble.

Just then, the bodyguard leaped forward like a bullet, speeding toward him.

Ethan squinted his eyes, his retreating footsteps abruptly stopping.He stood in an awkward posture, as if he gave up resisting.

Seeing that the bodyguard clearly had the upper hand and Ethan
was lost, Tim was excited and yelled, "Get rid of him, no-disable him first! To quell my anger, I want to torture him by my own hands!”


However, his excitement froze right after.

A scream echoed as the bodyguard, who had just gotten a chance and got close to Ethan, was inexplicably sent flying. He crashed heavily into the cafe's wall before collapsing to theground.

"No... this is impossible! You were clearly losing to him!" Tim's eyes widened, his face filled with disbelief.

Not only him, but Chloe and Jayden were also surprised. They were worried for Ethan just now, but the table had turned in an instant!

Only Ethan himself knew that he was just lucky. Thanks to his opponent being hasty and letting his guard down shortly, Ethan had an opportunity.

Otherwise, even with the techniques his mother taught him, he wouldn't have won so easily!

Currently lying on the ground in a miserable state, the bodyguard had serious wounds as he bled continuously.

He couldn't understand how Ethan, who was clearly weaker,suddenly matched his strength. The moment they collided, he was sent flying.

'I was unexpectedly defeated in one move!' He thought to himself.

"You useless trash, het up and finish him off Hurry up!" Tim exclaimed angrily at the bodyguard on the ground.

However, the bodyguard's eyes rolled back as he immediately passed out.
When Ethan's gaze turned toward him, Tim trembled. He realized that the situation wasn't going well for him.

"What are you all standing around for? Attack, all of you!" Panicking,he immediately urged the other four bodyguards to charge forward.

Despite that, although they would've been capable against normal people, Ethan quickly and easily took them down with three punches and two kicks. They were unable to even crawl bac up!

Tim was truly panicking now. As Ethan walked toward him,he involuntarily retreated, falling on the ground.

"What... What do you want?" he trembled uncontrollably, looking up at Ethan towering above him.

"I didn't provoke you, yet you want to kill me. Do you really think I'm that easy to step on? Or do you think I wouldn't dare to kill you?"Ethan's gaze flickered with a hint of kcilling intent.

"You can't kill me, you wouldn't dare! You definitely wouldn't!"Now terrified, Tim cried out repeatedly.

"I could never do something as ruthless as killing someone, because I'm not a beast! However, the best way to handle a beast is to inflict pain and fear, making sure it never dares to bite you again!" Ethan solemnly said. For a short while, he really wanted to get rid of this hassle. However, he knew very well that he couldn't kill Tim yet, or else all his efforts would be in vain.

Ethan forcefully suppressed the killing intent within him.

"You wouldn't dare lay a hand on me. If you did,none of you will survive! Grandfather will definitely seek revenge for me!" Upon hearing Ethan's words, Tim vigorously shook his head. Had his legs not buckled, he would've escaped by now. How could he still have the audacity to make such bold threats?
"Nonacnac, Even if I won't kill you, I can still disable youl" Ethan's oxpression suddenly turned fierce, kicking Tim's abdomen and sonding him flying just like bodyguards.

Tim didn't even have a chance to scream. The moment he crashed into the wall, he was silent with his life hanging by a thread!

"Watch out!" At that moment, a figure flew toward Ethan from behind.

Not far behind him, Chloe suddenly shouted.

His heart skipped a beat. When he turned around,he saw a figure already closing in on him.

It was already too late by the time he realized!

The opponent was too quick, and Ethan instinctively dodged to the side. He was inches away from the punch aimed toward his back.

He successfully saved his critica1 spots.

Immediately, sharp pain enveloped his backside shoulders, making him lunge forward with tremendous force.

"You'ne swift with your feet!”

The shadow stopped beside Tim's unconscious body, letting out a cold snort,

Then, he crouched down and examined Tim's injuries, seemingly unconcerned that Ethan could escape.

“You're...Mike!”
On the other hand, Jayden immediately recognized this person's identity. He was shocked as he hurriedly went to help Ethan up.
"Not bad. I'm Mike from the Shadow Gang. I remember you,Jayden!We've met before!"

The newcomer seemed certain that Tim had just fainted from minor injuries. Only then did he stand up, revealing his identity when Jayden recognized him.

“What are you doing here?"

Jayden was immediately cautious.

"I didn't expect that old bastard, Brady, to think so highly of me. He brouight out the entire Shadow Gang just to get rid of me!”

Ethan endured his injuries, his pale face mocking with scorn.
###Chapter 55
"Just with those words, I can bring you back for questioning! Will you come voluntarily, or do you want me to take action?"

Mike didn't show any signs of anger, still asking indifferently.

All of this seemed natural to him.
"Why'd you have to attack me from behind? If you have the guts for it,why don't you let me recover first and then fight me again?

Ethan sneered coldly,taunting.

"Your taunts are pointless. Anyway, it seems like you won't cooperate. Then, I'll have to use a bit more effort!"

As Mike said that, he slowly approached Ethan.

"Stop! What do you think you're doing? I won't let you hurt him!"

Chloe suddenly shielded Ethan, standing between them both.

"You've got nothing to do with this. If you don't want to die,you'd better scram!”

Mike didn't stop his footsteps, merely warning coldly.

She snorted stubbornly, "You might as well kill me too!"

"Chloe,you need to run. You can't stop him!" Ethan became anxious at this moment.

He already knew Mike's formidable strength earlier. Not to mention him,even Chloe wouldn't be able to stop Mike.

However, she showed no signsof backing down, ignoring Ethan and
still stubbornly staring at Mike's approaching figure.

"Greg,if you don't take action right now, then I'll die with him!"

Just as Mike was getting closer, she suddenly shouted at the top of her lungs.

Before she even finished saying that, an old man in a robe suddenly appeared at the staircase in front of them.

Although he walkedI slowly and looked weak, he made Mike's face turn dark, contrary to his usual calmness.

"Must you interfere in other people's business?" Mike asked in a low voice.

Upon seeing the old man, Chloe relaxed.

Ethan and Jayden glanced at her, unusual expressions on their faces.

“I don't care about anything else, but nobody can harm her on my watch!" Greg pointed at Chloe calmly, filled with undeniable confidence.

Mike's face twisted unpredictably. He sensed a dangerous aura from Greg, sharpened through numerous life and death experiences.

His intuition told him that Greg's strength was definitely greater than his. He would lose if they were to fight now!

“Ethan, consider yourself lucky today. I will settle scores with you soon, so you better pray Tim is alright!”

Mike sneered coldly, carrying Tim's unconscious body and vanishing instantly.

What incredible speed! Ethan finally snapped back to reality, his body sweating profusely.
The Wilson family had the Shadow Gang. Though Ethan had never seen them, he had heard of this organization.

All of its members were orphans the family adopted. They didn't lead ordinary lives, not even receiving names until they trained enough and was qualified for it. These individuals had been learning how to kill since young, making them the most mysterious force within the Wilsons.

The Shadow Gang was controlled by the patriarch and elders, and ordinary members of the family couldn't mobilize them.

What shocked Ethan even more was Greg appearing and chasing Mike away!

Who was this old man?

Without waiting to ask Chloe, Ethan's previously calm face suddenly turned red with pain.

"What's wrong, Ethan?" she noticed his pained expression and rushed to help him, asking with concern.

Ethan responded by spurting out a mouthful of blood!

"Are you wounded? How are you feeling? I'll take you to the hospital immediately!" her face changed instantly.

"No need; It's just a minor injury. I can handle it myself. Going to the hospital would only be unsafe," Ethan replied with a pale face,directly rejecting her suggestion.

She invited,"Then come to my place. It's safer and quieter there.
With Greg around, they wouldn't dare make any bold moves,"

Upon hearing this, Ethan looked at Greg and hesitated for a moment.Finally, he nodded in agreement.
Chloe and Jayden hurriedly supported Ethan and left the café.heading straight downstairs.

She lived in a small neighborhood at the city's outskirts. The housing prices here weren't too high, although it was a bit desolate. However,the peacefulness and the nice scenery was its advantage.

Ethan and Jayden, both wounded, were brought back to Chloe's villa where they were settled in a guest room on the second floor.

"Miss Miller, that gentleman earlier... “Jayden glanced outside and curiously asked about Greg's absence after returning to the villa.

"He's an elder in my family and aIso knows some combat techniques.Just relax for now. If there's anything, let me know. With him around,Mike wouldn't dare step foot here!" Chloe explained, clearly not wanting to reveal the old man's identity.

Lying on the bed, Ethan reminded Jayden,“Jayden, don't pry into what you shouldn't. Thank you so much for today, Miss Miller!"

"Why are you still being so polite to me? And stop calling me that;just use my name! Are we still friends or not?" Chloe retorted, an upset look on her face.

Ethan could only shake his head wryly. He initially thought she was just a normal and nice girl, but Greg's presence made him realize she had a terrifying background! He had underestimated her.

"Rest fora while. I need to handle something!" Chloe said as she turned and left, knowing that Greg was surely waiting for her.

On the villa's rooftop, she saw Greg standing at the edge,facing away from her.

Feeling a bit nervous, she softly said, “Greg, thanks for your help earlier!”
Greg sighed as he warned her, "Just consider it a payment for Madam s help. However, Miss. I must remind that you're already engaged,"

Upon hearing this, her eyes were slightly bitter. She smfled self-mockingly as she said, "I know. I just want to help him as much as possible before leaving.“

"You can't! The Wilson family's internal struggles aren't something we should get involved in. It's too complicated! If Madam finds out,it wouldn't be good for either of you. You might even endanger him!"Greg reminded her with a serious tone.

"Are you going to tell her about this?" Chloe's face turned pale.
###Chapter 56

Greg fell silent for a moment before sighing. "As long as Madam doesn't ask me, then I don't have to say a word. However, I don't want today's event to repeat. You shouldn't have brought someone from the Wilsons here!"

Hearing this, Chaloe sighed in relief, but her expression changed once again.

She spoke resolutely,“He's injured now and may still be pursued. Can't he stay for a few days? Greg, I know what you're thinking, but he has helped me twice before. The previous incident might've offset your debt, but there's still one more. I must repay him!"

Ethan laughed and reminded, "Jayden, please stop speaking nonsense.We're at her house right now, so don't let anyone hear us!”

"Well, I do Miss Miller is quite suitable for you!" Jayden smiled and helped Ethan apply medicine, his tone serious.

In fact, Greg's appearance made him realize that Chloe wasn't simple.Right now, he obviously wanted to find someone who could help Ethan.Furthermore, he could also see that Chloe had developed feelings for Ethan. Otherwise, she wouldn't have bravely protected him and risked everythinng to force Greg out just now!

Ethan didn't expect Jayden to continue talking. Frowning, he was about to say something when there was a knock on the door.

Immediately after,Chloe walked in.

She worriedly asked, "Ethan, are your injuries serious? Should I call a doctor to come check on you?"

With his complexion seemingly normal again, Ethan smiled calmly to Chloe as he replied, "I'm fine, Jayden just helped treat it for me. How could it be serious? I'll be fine after a few days!"
"Good, then just stay here for those few days. I'll go prepare dinner for you," she said and turned to leave.

However, Ethan clearly sensed something unusual from her last gaze.
"Sir, I feel like something's off with Miss Miller. Her emotions don't seem quite right!" Jayden whispered, noticing her strangeness as well.

Ethan's heart stirred. Why was she so hesitant and helpless?

He suddenly ordered, "Jayden, let's leave quietly tonight. Prepare yourself, and make sure Chloe doesn't suspect anything!"

“Leave tonight? "Jayden was startled.

"No matter who she is, we have no reason to burden her. She has already helped us once before! If we directly tell her that we're leaving, she wouldn't agree. Therefore, we have to go quietly,” Ethan explained, his tone leaving no room for doubt as he had made his decision.

Jayden fell silent.

“What? Do you have something else to say?" Ethan raised an eyebrow and asked.

"Sir, I have a villa here in Novaria. If you really plan on leaving.perhaps we can go there temporarily," Jayden hesitated for a moment before explaining.

"You've truly thought ahead, Jayden!" Ethan laughed immediately upon hearing Jayden's words.

It seems Jayden was also prepared for this outcome!

During dinner, Chloe appeared to be deep in thought while occasionally talking with Ethan.
Grog was nowhere to be soen, creating a somewhat abnormal atmosphere.

Ethan and Jayden exchanged glances, finalizing their decision to leave tonight.

Aftor returning to the room. Ethan wrote a letter and placed it on the bedside. After all, he needed to inform Chloe why he was leaving without saying goodbye.

Later that night, when Chloe had turned off the lights in her room and gone to bed, they both quietly left the houise and got into a waiting car by the roadside.

On the villa's rooftop, Greg stood in the dark as he watched them getting into the car. There was slight helplessness in his eyes,""I2S better this way...“

An hour later, the car dropped the two off at a villa area near Breeze Resort.

Once they got out, Jayden led Ethan into the area and casually said,“Wealthy people bought most of the villas here for vacation purposes.Normally, there's only security guards here, and not many people. It's safer for us."

"You always think things through!" Ethan nodded approvingly.

Jayden's villa was located near a man-made lake beside Breeze Mountain, and it had quite a nice view.

Just as they settled in, Jayden made a bowl of instant noodles for Ethan and brought it to his room.

He weakly explained, "Sir, since we came here suddenly, we didn't have a chance to buy groceries. There's only some noodles in this place, so please bear with it for now,"
“Don't say that, Jayden. It's fine. Having a warm meal is enough for now,“Ethan reassured.

He took the noodles, smiling as he continued,"Having a temporary place to settle down is already more than enough."

"Sir,did you already expect this would happen? What's your next step?”Jayden suddenly asked, changing the topic.

Ethan didn't plan to hide anything from Jayden regarding his arrangements, responding as he ate,"If Brady could frame me,then why can't I fight back?“

"So that means you do have some early preparations?" Jayden stared at Ethan intently and inquired.

"Ever since Brady threw me to Novaría three years ago, I've been preparing for any possible mishaps. Do you remember the largest partner company we had overseas?" Ethan nodded,asking in return.

"Do you mean that offshore investment company?" Jayden seemed to have guessed something and was surprised.

Ethan explained while smiling, "Yes, that's my Plan B! Almost all of Cloud Group's investments in the past three years were established through that company. As a third-party and the largest investor in all those projects, they can withdraw funds at any time and leave the mess to Cloud Group!"

"Back then, I never understood why you insisted on collaborating with such a shady foreign company. I didn't expect it to be yours!"Jayden had now understood Ethan's plan.

Once this company withdrew all of its investments, Cloud Group would face defaults and enormous losses. It wouldn't be impossible for it to collapse within a short time. Moreover, the pile-up of bad debts and legal suits from partnerships will make Cloud Group panic.

Jayden knew Ethan had a backup plan, but he didn't expect it to be so big and decisive!

Ethan put down his chopsticks and approached the window, looking at the moon in the sky. His gaze became sharper.

"Like I said, it'd be impossible for Brady to get something with nothing. Since he wants Cloud Group, I'll give it to him! However,what he'll get is a ticking time bomb!

Ethan's words shocked Jayden even more.

His plan wasn't just aimed at Cloud Group, but at the Wilson family's entire business empire!
Once Cloud Group collapsed or even went bankrupt, it would be a huge blow to the entire family, even affecting their work with other businesses. Their total assets would fall by at least 5 to 10 percent!

Although it sounded small, less than a tenth, it would still be a major blow to a large corporation like the Wilsons. Their business emnpire would be greatly affected.

In terms of big issues, this was undoubtedly a terrifying number.Once this occurs, it would definitely make Brady lose his temper and greatly affect his reputation in the Wilson family!

"Sir, if you do that, the consequences...“
Jayden's face contorted. The consequences he mentioned weren't about the Wilson family's losses, but their subsequent anger!

"That's also my biggest concern,so we must do this at the right time!It's either we strike while the iron's hot, or we just don't!"

Ethan snorted coldly, clenching his fists tightly.

"However, we wouldn't be able to withstand their anger right now,especially since Mike is a major threat now!" Jayden couldn't help but remind.

Upon hearing this, Ethan sighed helplessly."That's why I want power, enough to confront the Wilson family's strength! However,I can't rush in doing this."

If Mike reappeared, with Ethan's current strength, he wouldn't stand a chance and could only be killed.

This powerlessness made him feel frustrated and deeply helpless.

After brief silence, Jayden suddenly said, "Sir, I think it's time I give you this thing I've been keeping."
Ethan was surprised as he asked,"What is it?"

"...It's a box that Madam entrusted me to keep. I'm sorry, Sir,for hiding this from you all this time. I did it under Madam's request.One time, she told me to only hand this over to you when there's no other choices in a crisis.“

Jayden explained through clenched teeth.

"My mother? Why are you telling me this now?" Ethan's face turned pale as he asked.

He had always trusted Jayden, and the latter knew how much he wanted to find any clues about his mother. Despite that, he hid this information about his mother for so many years!

"I'm sorry, Sirl I merely followed Madam's orders, and I never wanted to keep this from you! I won't complain if you're angry or want to scold me!"

Jayden immediately kneeled on the ground, resolutely apologizing.

This instantly diminished Ethan's anger by half. He also knew that since this his mother specially requested this, Jayden wasn't the one at fault.

"Alright,get up and tell me what exactly happened. When did my mother give you this box, and what did she say?"

Ethan waved his hand, urgently asking.

After so many years, he finally received some news about her.
However, he never thought she'd left him something!

"It was just a few days before the car accident. At that time, Madam suddenly called for me and gave me this small box."

Jayden slowly began to explain.
###Chapter 57

“I didn't think much of it at the time since she was still..."

"Anyway, I agreed to do it. I never expected that she'd be in a car accident later, and only then did I realize that she probably sensed that she was in danger. Therefore, she carved a way out for you!However, I can't understand why Madam, who has always been with the Wilsons and didn't contact the outside world much, would do such a thing.“

"It must be related to the Wilsons. I must find out the truth behind this accident. To do that, I need enough power to defeat the Wilsons and force Brady to reveal the truth!"

Ethan clenched his fist tightly. Only with this could he find clues about his mother and figure everything out!

“Oh,where's the box you mentioned?"

At this moment, he suddenly remembered the box and quickly asked Jayden.

"Please wait a moment, I'll go get it for you!" Jayden said and got up to leave the room.

Shortly after, he returned while holding a dark box that had a palm-sized eagle pattern.

"Is this the box?" Ethan accepted the box and carefully examined it.

However, after looking at it for a while, he noticed that it couldn't be opened at all. One side of it had a keyhole, clearly indicating that it needed a key to open. "What's inside? Where's the key? “Ethan asked. "I'm sorry, Sir. I also don't know what's inside since I've never opened it before. When Madam gave me this, she never gave me the key.She said that she already gave it to you!" Jayden shook his head and explained while staring at Ethan.

"Sho alrcady gave it to me?" Ethan was taken aback by the news.

A momory of a conversation with his mother suddenly flashed in hie mind. Ethan's gaze fell on his chest, on an amber stone pendant his mothor gave him years ago, instructing him to keep it safe. Turne out it was a key to unlocking a treasure!

Afterward, he thought that his mother was probably joking around.

After realizing this, Ethan immediately took out the amber stone from his chest and fiercely smashed it on the ground, cracking it open and revealing a thin and long metal object inside.
###Chapter 58

"There really is a key!" Jayden's eyes lit up instantly.

Ethan picked up the key and was about to open the small box on the table.

Jayden suddenly interrupted, “Master, let me leave first. You can take your time to look at it!"

Ethan was surprised for a moment before seriously saying,“Why are you leaving? Who can I trust if I can't even trust you?"

Upon hearing this, Jayden didn't argue or try to leave anymore.

Ethan didn't say anything more and, under Jayden's eyes, inserted the key and opened the box!

When they saw inside it, both of them were immediately shocked.

There was only a robin egg-sized sphere, entirely blue with nothing else!


"There's only a small bead inside?" Jayden looked at the bead,surprised as he asked. On the other hand, Ethan was silent.

Since his mother left this for him, it meant that this bead was extraordinary!

Taking it out, Ethan carefully examined it.

Seeing that Ethan was still silent after observing it. Jayden asked, “Sir.do you notice anything?"

"Did I notice anything special?" Ethan looked at the bead again,absentmindedly holding it in his palm as he showed Jayden a helpless look. But at this moment, his expression suddenly changed.
“Jayden, hold this bead in your palm and see il you leel coldness seeping into your hand."

With the same expression, he looked at Jayden and immediately gave him the bead. Jayden was surprised for a second, but still followed suit. He took a coser look at the bead before closing his hand around it. However,after waiting for a while, he didn't feel anything

He showed confusion to Ethan as he handed the bead back.

"You really didn't feel anything?"

Ethan was stunned by Jayden's reaction, quickly trying again.The moment he held the bead in his palm, he indeed felt distinct coldness creeping into it. Could it be that only he could feel it? Or was this bead able to recognize its owner?

"Sir, please continue your research and rest well. I won't disturb you any further," Seeing Ethan focused on the bead, Jayden directly left the room.


Ethan was immersed, seemingly unaware of Jayden's departure Shortly after, he was surprised to find that the coldness indeed seeped into his palm, spreading all over his wrist, arm,and throughout his body.

The cool sensation made him extremely comfortable, and it even treated most of his injuries! This bead's coldness unexpectedly had a healing effect!

Without realizing, Ethan sat while holding the bead all night without feeling any fatigue or discomfort. He didn't wake up until dawn.when Jayden knocked on the door.

"It's already bright out? All my injuries have somehow healed!"

He glanced at the rising sun outside the window. realizing that all his wounds had disappeared!
"Sir, you're awake." Jayden walked, surprised to see Ethan sitting on the chair. Ethan's heart skipped a beat, swallowing his words. It wasn't that he didn't want Jayden knowing this bead's ability;some things were just best unsaid. He should only keep this to himself, and he can't even let his closest person know. Otherwlse, it might bring trouble!

"Jayden, you came at the right time. There's something I need you to do!” Ethan immediately said.

“Please give your orders, Sir!" Jayden didn't think much of it and simply responded respectfully.

“Go to Citibank immediately. I'll give you the key and password.I want you to get all the contracts and other information inside!”

Ethan gave Jayden a note containingthe password and the key to the safe.

"If we don't need them now, shouldn't we just keep them in the safe?"Jayden asked, somewhat surprised.

"No,we need to retrieve them before the Wilsons can take action.After that, I need you to take these documents and go to the offshore company in Norway. Keep them safe and manipulate the company to cooperate with my actions when necessary!" Ethan instructed seriously.

"But what will you do while I'm gone?" Jayden asked worriedly.

"I'd less likely be targeted if I'm alone, and it'll be easier for me to do anything. If you stay, the worst that could happen is that if we get attacked, I might have to return and save you!" Ethan sighed,leaving Jayden embarrassed. Although he knew some martial arts, he wasn't skilled enough.

Jayden shook his head and smiled bitterly, "Sir, what you said makes sense. If I stay, I'll only be a burden to you."
In the end, he agreed to Ethan's request and left Novaria with the documents, helping Ethan from behind the scenes.

Meanwhile, in Chloe's villa, Chloe had just finished making breakfast.She was about to go and wake Ethan up, realizing he wasn't in his room.

When she found the letter, she immediately ran up to the rooftop.She held the letter as she asked Greg, "Greg, did you say something to Ethan?”

"Miss, are you suspicious of me?" Greg responded calmly.

She angrily asked again, "If it weren't for you, why would Ethan leave without a goodbye last night? You promised me three days!"

“Believe it or not, they left on their own. Have you ever considered that instead of sticking around you all the time, they'd have their own matters to settle?" Greg sighed helplessly.

Upon hearing this, Chloe froze on the spot. Ethan's letter, besides expressing gratitude, did mention that he had important things to do.Could she have wrongly accused Greg?
She took out her phone and dlialed Ethan's number. As Ethan watched Jayden leave the villa, he received a call from Chloe.

“Ethan,why did you1 leave without saying a thing?" the moment he picked up, she asked in annoyance.

“It would be too much trouble for you if I stayed, and I have something important to take care of. I knew if I told you in person,you would try to persuade me otherwise, so I could only leave quietly!”Ethan explained with a wry smile.

Ethan knew that Chloe would call him after reading the note in the morning, so he had anticipated her call,
She finally relaxed when she heard Ethan's determined tone,
knowing he wasn't lying. "Well, if there's something you need,just tell me. Maybe I can lend a hand."

At that moment, the villa's doorbell suddenly rang.

Ethan's heart skipped a beat, and he immediately said,"I have somethinng to do. I'll explain later!"

After hanging up, he walked to the window and parted the curtains to glance out front. Soon, a peculiar expression appeared on his face.
###Chapter 59

When Ethan peeked outside, he was surprised to see a tall and beautiful woman standing there. After confirming she had nothing to do with the Wilsons, he opened the gate and stepped into the yard.

He bluntly asked,"What can I do for you?"

"I'm sorry to bother you. My name is Hannah, and I live next cloor.When I came home just now, my house had no electricity. Could you please take a look?" she asked, pointing to the three-story villa next door.

Ethan frowned,"“Shouldn't you inform the property management instead? I'm sorry, but I'm not an electrician. I don't thinkI can help you.”

"But the property management said the electrician hasn't started work yet and asked me to wait for over an hour. It's scorching hot,and I really can't stay at home without electricity. I had no choice but to come to you!" she pleaded pitifully to him.

Letting a stranger stay in his villa?

Ethan couldn't agree to such a request. He shook his head again,refusing,"I'm sorry, but I really can't help you. You should find someone else."

Hannah was surprised. She didn't expect him to reject her so decisively. Although she couldn't be considered a great beauty,she was quite confident in her looks and shape. Usually, no man would refuse her request once she asked. Despite that, she was firmly rejected by a young man today!

"I there's nothing else, I'll go back now." Ethan said with a furrowed brow,closing the gate and walking toward the villa.

She suddenly shouted toward him,“Wait, have we met before?" Ethan paused his steps and replied, “You must be mistaken. I'venever seen you before!’
Hannah looked at his figure, smiling bitterly. She did find himsomewhat familiar, but she couldn't remember. Since the other partyalso said so, she prepared to leave reluctantly.
“Hannah! l finally found you!”
Just at that moment, an angry male voice echoed from far away.
Hannah turned her head, her face contorting as she asked, “Richard,what are you doing here?!’
“B*tch, if you weren't avoiding me, how could I find this place?Were you hooking up with another man behind my back again? If Idon't see a 100,000 dollars today, 'll kill you!’
Richard stepped forward and slapped her hard, knocking her downto the ground from it.
Ethan was just about to close the door when he saw this scene
*Richard, can you still call yourself a man? We're already divorced. sowhy won't you leave me alone?!’ Hannah struggled to stand up, herface filled with anger as she questioned him.
“Stop talking nonsense. What does it matter if we're divorced? Ofcourse, I’ll still come to you if I need money! Don't think that justbecause your mother took away that little b*tch, I won't be able tofind her. If you push me too hard, I can do anything!’
Richard threatened with a grimace on his face.
“You... you heartless bastard. Fiona is your own daughter!’
Hannah's face turned pale as she heard this. Fion錆钴骊a, her daughter, was her only soft spot!
Who knows if she's a child you had with another man? Anyway, Ihave custody rights over this girl now. If you don't hand over themoney, I can take her back anytime. If you dare to hide her, I cancall the p薱晦lice. Let's see if they take your side or mine!’
Richard threatened with even more urgency in his words.
“You, you're inhuman! We agreed that if I gave you $500,000, you'dgive me c窩鍋stody over Fiona. However, you've taken more than amillion from me!”
Hannah question him in despair.
“I helped you raise her for three years, and you think $500,000 isenough for me? That amount is only for the custody rights! In thesethree years, I've spent a lot on raising her. I won't bother you if youwant, but I'll only do that if you give me another million? Otherwise,prepare $100,000 for me every month, and I'll come to get it!’
Richard greedily presented his own conditions.
'It's impossible. Even if I die, I won't agree!’
She clenched her teeth and coldly retorted. It wasn't that she didn'twant to exchange money for her daughter, but she had seen throughthis man's insatiable greed. If she complied with his wants, he'ddefinitely return for more!
“How dare you refuse me, you b*tch? I'll let you know theconsequences of disobeying me today!”
Richard was infuriated, rushing toward Hannah again as he raisedhis fist.
Hannah retreated in fear, stumbling and falling to the ground oncemore. “Stop!”
At that moment, Ethan walked out from the villa's gate.
Alas, he wasn't so cruel, to just watch a woman being insulted andeven physically abused in front of his own house
“What, is someone here to save you? Are you my wife's boy toy?’
Richard turned his head and sneered at Ethan. In his eyes, Ethanlooked like a fresh graduate who had just entered society. How couldhe be taken seriously?
You better shut your mouth and get lost! Otherwise...’
Ethan couldn't be bothered to waste his breath with this shamelessman; he felt disgusted to the core.
“F*ck... Looks like you won't know fear until you're taught a lesson!
Richard was infuriated from this, pulling out a fruit knife as herushed toward Ethan.
“Watch out!’
Hannah screamed in shock
However, Ethan's expression darkened. Without panicking, hegrabbed Richard by the hand that was holding the knife. His eyes
flashed with harshness.
Richard froze in place. Before he could react, Ethan kicked him inthe abdomen. Then, he powerfully twisted Richard's wrist, the soundof bones dislocating echoing.
With a painful cry, the knife dropped to the ground. Richard's handwas already strangely twisted, clearly broken by Ethan's forceful twist! Richard screamed in anguish, cold sweat instantly dripping down hischeeks in large droplets.
“If you dare come again, I’ll disable all your limbs!” Ethan coldlywarned, indifferent.
“You're ruthless. Just you wait; this isn't over!” With a resentful lookRichard clutched his deformed wrist and staggered away, not
forgetting to threat Ethan beforehand.
Are you okay? Do you need me to take you back?” Ethan walkedover to Hannah, who was still lying on the ground. He reached out
to help her up.
“Thank you, I appreciate it!’ she nodded gratefully. His previousrefusal made her feel uncomfortable, but she never expected him torescue her without hesitation!
For a brief moment, she even believed God had sent Ethan to saveher from misery!
*This woman is unexpectedly quite informal,’Ethan thought with awry smile. He decided to continue being a good person, helping herback to the villa.
###Chapter 60

“It was just a tripped fuse in the basement. Maybe something in your house short-circuited, so if this happens again, check i the fuse tripped!" Ethan brushed off the dust from his hands, reminding Hannah as they walked up the stairs from her villa's basement.

"Thank you so much. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't have known what to do. You even fixed the circuit for mel How about I buy you lunch?" Hannah was sitting on the sofa in the living room while dabbing her scraped arm with ointment after changing into a white dress.

"No need, it was just a small favor! I'll head back now!" Ethan brightened up, thinking that this woman looked quite beautiful in a dress. However, he wasn't in the mood to appreciate a beautiful woman right now; he was eager to go back and continue what he was doing!

"Wait...” Unexpectedly,despite her many hints, Ethan was still oblivious. Hannah quickly stood up and called out to him.

"Is there something else?" Ethan furrowed his brow, seeming dissatisfied with Hannah taking up his time.

"I still don't know your name." Hannah laughed bitterly. It was the first time she had encountered a man who wasn't immediately at her feet.

“It's Alex," Ethan concealed his real name. This woman mentioned that she had seen him at the villa gate before, and he didn't want to complicate matters.

"Alex... Alright then, are you interested in minerals? I'm attending a mineral trading conference this afternoon. If you're free, you could tag along...”

"How about I buy you a piece of ore as a token of gratitude?”
Hannah extended an invitation to Ethán.

"Are you talking about mineral gambling?" Ethan's interest was immediately piqued.

"That's right. You seem interested, so how about I pick you up at the entrance after lunch?" Hannah noticed Ethan's hesfration and had a sudden idea.

"Do you know a lot about the industry?" Ethan was instantly intrigued as he was struggling to figure out the bead's origins.

“I personally own a jewelry company, so I have some knowledge about gemstones!" Hannah modestly explained.

"Then, could you help me identify this bead's material?" Ethan said as he took out the bead from his chest pouch.

"Oh,it's blue and has a very unique texture. If it weren't transparent,I would've suspected it was artificial. I'm sorry, but I don't know either! Maybe you can come with me to the mineral trading fair and someone there might recognize this!"

Hannah looked at it for a while but couldn't make sense of it.Helplessly, she returned the bead to Ethan while inviting him.

"Consider it an opportunity to broaden your horizons!" she smiled at him, hoping he'd give in.

"Here's my number, so give me a call before you leave." Ethan hesitated for a moment but eventually agreed, leaving his phone number with Hannah before leaving.

"What an interesting young man!" Watching Ethan return to his villa from her own yard, Hannah had a faint smile.

But soon, she remembered what had just happened and a trace of worry flashed through her eyes.
Back in his room, Ethan couldn't wait to take the bead out. It was strange how he could wear it directly on his body.

After all, it was strange for a grown man to wear a pouch.

"Hannah owns a jewelry company. I should ask her to turn it into a necklace so I can wear it," Ethan thought, suddenly recalling his neighbor.

Shaking his head, he put that though aside and focused on the blue bead.

Just like last night, as long as he held it in his palm, he would feel a cool sensation seep into him.

Moreover,he could feel that even though the coolness had grown fainter with time, it was still flowing throughout his body.

He couldn't understand the purpose of it, but the fact that it healed his injuries overnight was mind-blowing.

Also, he fet more energetic than before, with a slight improvement in his senses and touch.
###Chapter 61

However, this improvement wasn't very noticeable. Could it be just his imagination?

Unable to figure it out, Ithan decided not to dwell on it and continued holding the pearl.

He continued to feel the comforting coldness, eventually drifting off.Since this cooling sensation had therapeutic abilities, it must have other advantages as well. He was willing to investigate and discover this bead's wonders long as it didn't harm his body.

Ethan was woken up from his slumber when his phone rang,“It's already 1?" he glanced at the time and chuckled. He felt strength surge in him, and he was revitalized, which gave him a new understanding of the pearl's effects.

The call was from Hannah, who had already parked her car in front of his villa. After answering the phone, Ethan went downstairs without worrying about lunch; he didn't even feel hungry at the moment.

Hannah was driving a BMW 7 Series. As Ethan walked out of the villa's gate, he saw her lowering the car window and waving at him.“Have you eaten? Do you want to grab a bite first?”

She asked with concern.

"I already ate, so let's just go to the fair you mentioned!" Ethan bluntly replied, getting into the passenger seat and fastening his seatbelt.

Hannah didn't really respond and started the car. As the car started moving, he involuntarily glanced at villa's yard before showing a strange expression on his face. Unable to resist, he turned his head to look again.
In Jayden yard was a sycamore tree, one side of its crown grew dense and lush, while one corner had bare branches that stood out in stark contrast to the rest of the tree.

Moreover, that corner seemed to be right next to his bedroom window!

Before Ethan could examine it further, the car had already driven away. He didn't pay it much mind since he could see it later when he returned.

The mineral gambling event that Hannah mentioned wras held at a convention center in Novaria's district, with a grand setup and bustling crowd.
"Miss Collins, you've arrived. I've been waiting for you for over half an hour!" Just as they got out of the car, Ethan put on the sunglasses he brought as they were approached by a well-dressed young man.

Ethan noticed that this man looked at him with a hint of vigilance and hostility in his eyes.

"I got held up. Clint, didn't you say you invited Mr. Foster? Where is he?”Hannah casually asked, seemingly uninterested in explaining much to this man.

"Don't you trust me? Mr. Foster has already arrived and is in the venue. He went to help check the mineral's qualities. Miss Collins,this is...?" Clint finally directed the conversation toward Ethan.

"This is Alex, my friend. Since Mr. Foster has arrived, let's go in quickly and not keep him waiting!" Hannah made a brief introduction and urged them to move.

Hearing this, Clint didn't ask any more questions and calmly led Hannah and Ethan to one of the exhibition areas.

"Your employee?" Ethan quietly asked her, walking by her side.
"Yes, his name is Clint, and he's the company's vice president. He's quite capable, but he's also a bit of a snob!" Hannah explained with a smile, showing her confidence in Clint.

Ethan didn't ask any further despite sensing something from Clint's eyes. However, that was Hannah's business, and he didn't want to get involved as long as he wasn't bothered.

Under Clint's guidance, they arrived at an ore exhibition area. The Mr.Foster Clint mentioned before was a man in his 50s or 60s, his attire slightly messy with a magnifying glass in hand.

"Mr. Foster, thank you for your hard work today! I'll make sure Clint takes good care of you tonight!" After meeting, Hannah warmly expressed her thanks to the old man.

"Miss Collins, you're too kind. I already promised you that I'd do my best to help!" Jovan politely replied, before his gaze fell on Ethan and showed a hint of doubt.
###Chapter 62

Secing this. Hannah quickly introduced Ethan, and Jovan's face eased up.

Ethan thought of something. Jovan appeared to have benefited In some way from Hannah, worried that his business would be abruptly taken away by someone.

This alone reduced Jovan to nothing more than a self-righteous man.regardless of whether he was actually an expert in mineral appraisal.

Originally,Ethan wanted to have the old man take a look at his pearl,but now it seemed like a bad idea. Moreover, the man's occasional eye contact with Clint made him see that something fishy was going on while Hannah was completely unaware of this situation.

"Alex, take a look and see if any of these stones catch your eye. I can get you one as a gift!" Hannah asked Ethan, who was observing a pile of stones.

Upon hearing this, Clint and Jovan looked at each other, both revealing a surprised expression.

"That's alright, I don't like taking advantage of people. Even if I really like something, I'll just buy it myself!" Ethan turned his head and refused without hesitation, as he had been observing two fist-sized stones in front of him for a while but couldn't make any sense out of them.

Hannah didn't insist after hearing his answer, but Clint suddenly chuckled ambiguously, "You're quite arrogant, aren't you? I guess you're unfamiliar with these stones' prices? Some are worth thousands or even tens of thousands of dollars, and some are astronomical figures...”


"It's not something that a fresh college graduate like you can afford!"
"Clint, Alox is my friond. Why aro you spoaking to him like that?"

Hannah's cyobrows furrowod at his word1s. and she scolded him dissatisfiedly.

"Miss Collins. I'm just kindly rominding him so that your friendl doosn't make a fool of himsolf later!"

Clint sneered dismissively.

On the other hand, Ethan remained completely silent, ignoring Clint's mocking remarks as if he wasn't listening at all.

"Can I touch these stones?" Ethan asked Hannah.

“Of course, as long as you don't damage them!" Hannah nodded.

"So,you know nothing!"

Upon hearing this, Clint chuckled and then exchanged a glance with Jovan. The two of them walked towards a pile of larger ore on the side.

"Take a look first and let me know if you need anything!" Hannah instructed Ethan before catching up with Clint.

Hannah had asked Clint to bring the so-called Mr. Foster here today to find some reliable jadeite ore for her company.

Ethan paid no attention and replied absentmindedly. He carefully observed the small pieces of ore,which when put in his hands, weren't particularly large.

After examining several pieces, Ethan didn't notice any difference between the stones. It seemed that appraising minerals was really not an easy task and relied heavily on luck.

No wonder mineral trading is also called gambling.
But just as Ethan had put down several pieces of ore. something unexpected happened!

As he was examining a fist-sized piece of ore, he suddenly felt a cool sensation in his chest.

It was the same as the mysterious pearl, but didn't it only occur when held in the palm of his hand?

Why did hanging it on his chest also trigger this reaction?

Soon, Ethan noticed that the spot on his palm where it made contact with the stone also felt strange. The stone actually emitted that strange energy, which then seeped into his palm.

Moreover,these energies were much stronger than before. They then traveled through his arm in the direction of the pearl at his heart and disappeared!

It turned out that the pearl absorbed the cool energy from the stone through his body as a medium!

Ethan couldn't help but feel overjoyed. Although he couldn't understand what this cool energy was, it was definitely a good thing.And why didn't the previous stones emit this same energy?
###Chapter 63

"How much is this stone?" Ethan had a bold guess in his mind and asked the man guarding the stall.

“You're interested in this piece? You look like a recent graduate. I'll give it to you for $10,000! I won't make a profit off you, but if you lose in gambling, don't come looking for me!"

The man couldn't help but sneer, not believing that Ethan could afford it.

Ethan, who seemed clueless, quickly turned his eyes and said to the man,“Three thousand dollars, if I lose, it's my bad luck!"

Ethan pretended not to hear what the boss said earlier and quoted his own price.

"Who bargains like this? Alright, take it for eight thousand dollars!How about this?”

The man widened his eyes, thinking that this person didn't seem easy to fool?

Seeing Ethan staring straight at him, the man had to change his words again, "Five thousand dollars, can't go any lower!"

Upon hearing this, Ethan turned and walked away!

"...Don't leave...three thousand dollars will do, okay?"

Seeing that Ethan was really leaving, the man suddenly became anxious.

“You've made three thousand dollars, don't act like you suffered a big loss!”
Ethan paid the man for the piece of ore he had just picked up, then left without looking back.

“Spending three thousand dollars on a piece of junk, look at what you're capable of!"

When Ethan was far away, the man sneered coldly.

"Alex,is that the stone you bought?"

Seeing Ethan approachinng with a piece of ore in his hand, Hannah asked in surprise.

"Isn't it just a piece of worthless scrap? You actually bought this kind of stone? But then again, what else could you afford?”

Clint glanced at the ore in Ethan's hand and mockingly laughed.

Seeing Hannah glaring at him, Clint shut his mouth reluctantly, but a cold and sinister expression flashed in his eyes.

“I want to open it up and see if there's any jade inside!"

Ethan didn't even look at Clint. He just said to Hannah.

“Hahaha...you really dare to think...Miss Collins...you better take him to cut the jade quickly, so he doesn't miss out on making big money!"

Clint couldn't help himself and laughed again in response to Hannah's disapproving gaze.

"Then come with me!"

Hannah said and took Ethan to the stall where they cut the stones.

Looking at the piece of scrap that Ethan brought, the stonecutter looked at him contemptuously and pointed to the price list, saying to Ethan,“Take a look at the price list. Regardless of the size of the
stone, I charge one thousand dollars per cut!"

"No problem, go ahead and cut it!" Ethan said nonchalantly.

The stonecutter also didn't expect to encounter such a fool like him today.He took the stone from Ethan and placed it on the cutting table.

"It's too small, do yrou want me to cut or polish?" the stonecutter asked Ethan.

“Cut it in half from the middle!" Ethan said without hesitation.

The stonecutter didn't take it seriously and casually cut the small stone in half with the saw blade.

Suddenly, a curse word burst out of the stonecutter's mouth.

As the one who cut the stone, he was naturally the first one to see the inside after it was cut!

"Is a piece of scrap really worth making such a fuss about? I want to see...”

“Look...”

At this moment, Clint came forward and took half of the ore in his hand.


At the same time, the conditions of the two halves of the ore were presented in front of everyone's eyes, instantly choking Clint's words in his throat!
###Chapter 64

"It's gone up... It actually went up!”

“This is emerald... Even such a small piece is worth at least a
hundred thousand dollars,right?"

Immediately, there was a crowdI of onlookers shouting in surprige.

In that instant, Clint's face turned extremely dreadful, as il he had eaten a fly

Reluctantly placing the halves of the ore on the cutting table, Clint coldly snorted. He didn't expect Ethan's luck to be so incredibly good!


Indeed, in his opinion, everything was just Ethan's luck!

However, Ethan didn't pay any attention to Clint. He was only concerned whether his speculation about the bead being able to absorb cool energy from the jades was correct or not.

If that were the case, all he had to do was place his hand on these ores to determine if there was jade in them.

Ethan's disregard made Clint even angrier, as he saw it as Ethan's way of humiliating him!

"How arrogant! He's just lucky!"

Clint clenched his fist and gritted his teeth.

"Clint,if you dare disrespect my friend again, you're finished!"Hannah immediately rebuked. She then turned to Ethan and asked,"Can you sell me this ore? I'll pay 200,000 dollars!"

"I'll offer 300,000, so how about selling it to me?" At this moment, a
young man suddenly walked out from the crowd, smiling as he asked Ethan.

"Oh, it's Mr. Bell. Are you also interested in this ore?" Hannah's eyes revealed a hint of wariness when she saw the newcomer.

"I wouldn't say interested. I'm just curious, since jades are quite rare!"Mr. Bell smiled nonchalantly, as if 300,000 dollars was nothing to him.

Hannah fell silent this time. Even though this was a jade, it was too small, and it had been cut in half. It could barely be made into jewelry pendants, hence greatly reducing its value. 200,000 dollars was the highest price she could offer, otherwise, she wouldn't get any profit.

"This ore is for you." Right at this moment, Ethan directly stuffed the cut ore into her hand, surprising the whole crowd!

Mr. Bell's smile instantly froze, a hint of malice flashing in his eyes!

This young man had actually ignored him!

With a cold hum, he turned and left.

Clint never expected that Ethan would hand over a jade ore worth at least 200,000 dollars without hesitation, and even gave it to Hannah.This infuriated him.

"How could I accept your ore for free? I'll just write you a check!"Ethan's generosity also surprised Hannah, but she didn't plan to take advantage of it.

"I'm not giving it away for nothing. I'll find you later for a favor,and it's something you can definitely do!”

However, he stopped her with a single sentence.
"...Alright!" Upon hearing this, she stopped resisting.

"I'll go take a look at the other stones." Ethan said as he walked toward another display of ores.

"Does this bastard think he's a master appraiser just because he got lucky once? He evren handed one that costs 200,000-300,000 dollars to Hannah. He must be out of his mind!"

Clint,who was standing with Jovan, muttered sarcastically as they watched Ethan's figure.

"Are you scared this guy will win Hannah over? Don't think I don't know what you're thinking. If you want to win the other party's favor, don't I exist?”

Jovan chuckled skeptically.

Clint immediately smiled and said,"Mr. Foster,watch how I
humiliate him later! Rest assured, once it's done, you'll benefit from itl ”


"We're on the same team; who elsewould I help if not you? As long as Hannah still has a brain, she'll know who to choose!"

Jovan sneered and also walked toward the display of ores.

This time, Ethan tested more than a dozen large-sized stonos in one go. These types of ores also had relatively high prices, ranging trom several hundred thousand dollars.

Through Ethan's inspection, he discovered that most of them wore worthless, Even if some of them contained jadeite, the cool onorgy was pitifully weak, and they couldn't compare to the small pioce of jade he previously got.
###Chapter 65

Just as he was about to search elsewhere, he suddenly felt the familiar sensation in his hand again. The last basketball-sized stone on the display emitted a strong cool air fluctuation.

That massive and astonishing aura instantly poured into the bead in his chest, lasting for quite a long time.

Ethan feared that the litle bead would break!

At the same time, Jovan had picked a good stone from the pile of stones that Ethan had already inspected.

When Ethan paid $300,000 and was ready to take that large stone for processing, Clint and Jovan looked at him provocatively.

"Alex,it's good that you got lucky just now, but do you really think you're a master? Be careful not to lose all your money!" Clint sarcastically reminded, surprised that Ethan could actually afford to buy a several hundred-thousand-dollar stone.

"I don't need your concern!" Ethan couldn't be bothered to argue with this fool. He continued with the crucial task of processing the stone.

“Ungrateful!”

Clint's expression darkened, and he promptly placed the large stone Jovan had picked on the cutting table. He said to the craftsman,“Start with this one and let him see."

"What does it take to be a true master?"

"Since you want to embarrass yourself, I'll give you this opportunity!"

But Ethan wasn't angry. Clint's piece of ore was just one that he had
examined and discarded. It was just luck that it had a bit of green in it!

"Sorry, Alex. This piece of ore is important to me. Let's cut it open first. I'll cover the cost of cutting yours later!"

Hannah said apologetically to Ethan, her pretty face filled with nervousness.

This was the stone she'd bought for 800,000 dollars, and it was crucial for the company's development. She couldn't help but feel anxious!


Ethan sighed inwardly. Hannah, this foolish woman, was probably going to be taken advantage of by Clint and that self-righteous old man!


Soon,the stone Jovan selected was cut open, revealing a faint green vein after being washed!

"It's gone up... Just as I said, Mr. Foster is absolutely reliable!"

Clint became even more excited and burst into laughter.

Jovan, on the other hand, was overjoyed and wore an indescribable look of pride on his face.

Seeing this, Hannah instantly breathed a sigh of relief!

"Do you see that? This is what a true master looks like! You've got a lot to learn!"

Clint sneered at Ethan with scornful eyes.

"Miss Collins, how about you sell this stone to me for two million dollars?”

"Miss Collins, I'll offer two million four hundred thousand dollars!"
"I'll offer three million dollars!"

The merchants around them immediately voiced their prices, hoping to buy the stone from Hannah.

Although judging by its color, it was just ordinary parrot green, a piece this large could be worth at least five million dollars if they guessed right.

"If you don't want to lose money, you should sell it now while someone is offering a high price!”

Ethan calmly reminded Hannah.

"What do you know? This is just the beginning. What if it contains jade? Miss Collins would lose big time! Don't listen to him, Miss Collins. We need to keep cutting!"

Upon hearing this, Clint immediately taunted with sarcasm.

"Miss Collins, surely you don't believe this kid. Are you doubting even my judgment?”

At this moment, Jovan wore an unhappy expression and snorted.

"When are you going to make the second cut? I have other businesses waiting!”

The cutter urged impatiently with dissatisfaction.

Hannah hesitated at this moment. She had a feeling that Ethan wasn't one to act on impulse, but this piece of ore was related to the company's future development and raw materials. She had to be cautious!

"Mr. Foster, since you're so confident in your abilities, do you want to bet with me?"
Ethan suddenly laughed and asked Jovan calmly.
###Chapter 66

Clint and Jovan were both stunned. They never expected Ethan to challenge them to a bet.

"I thought you were only a fool but apparently you've got guts. You dare bet against him? Mr. Foster is a member of the Novaria Mineral Association and has seen more minerals than you have had meals!You actually want to bet against him?" Clint sarcasticallylaughed,regaining his composure.

"What qualifications do you have to think I'd bet against you? You really think highly of yourself!" Jovan sneered in contempt.

"Five million dollars,” Ethan knew that these people wouldn't be interested unless they saw a substantial reward,so he immediately stated an astonishing price.

“Are you serious?" Jovan was no longer calm.

"Where'd you get so much money? Stop bluffing and show me!"Clint exclaimed, still in disbelief.

Without explaining, Ethan opened the balance interface of his bank account on his phone and gave Hannah a glance.

Shock filled Hannah's face!

Ethan shook his head in her direction, telling her not to make a scene.

"I can testify that Alex can afford the five million dollars!" Hannah took a deep breath and addressed Clint and Jovan.

"What kind of bet do you want?" Jovan asked, full of suspicion.

“Let's bet on whether the price of this second stone will rise or fall. I
bet it will fall. I assume you are confident that it wiIl rise, right? Or was it all just a facade?" Ethan stared at Jovan with a smile.

"Why are you trying to encourage him? He's just a fool!"

"Five million dollars gone just like that. Who's the prodigal spender here?”

The spectators around them immediately began discussing the situation.

"Alex, please don't act recklessly!”

Hannah also believed that Ethan's actions were too risky and quickly tried to persuade him.

Ethan simply smiled, showing no intention of changing his mind, as if he had great confidence in his judgement.

Ethan's earlier words had cornered Jovan. If he didn't take the bet, it would only prove his insecurity, as if he were admitting that his confidence was all just a show.

"...Let's bet then. Why should I be afraid of you? Since you want to give me money so badly, then why not? I bet this second stone's price will definitely rise!" Jovan said, walking over to the cutting table and carefully examining it for a while. Then, he drew a line with a pen, instructing the cutter to cut along the marked position!

At this moment, Hannah was in a dilemma, torn between conflicting thoughts.

She didn't want Ethan to lose five million dollars for nothing, and she certainly didn't want the stone she had high hopes for to fail in the bet. If it really failed, it would be a big blow to her!

However, with the second cut about to be made, it would only be a matter of moments...
Soon, the result was revemikerd!! Joxam lboked at the stone slab in disbelief; it was all gray amdl dulll. He sterped forward and repeatedly niped the cut surface wilthh waten:.

However, no matter lonw mmnhh he weskled it, there was no green!Clint and Hannah's faces iustantly turned sour. Clint couldn't believe that Jovan had actually lost thhe bet, while Hannah was deeply affected, worrying about hei company's future.

Although losing $800,000 wasn't a significant amount, the main issue mwas that she began to questiion Jovan's abilities.

"Sorry,it seems that even God is on my side! You lost!" Ethan meminded Jovan with a smug smile.

You got lucky!" Jovam relurtantly stopped his actions,accepting this fact.


Miss Collins, do you still want to continue cutting? Maybe the third cut will yield somethimg?' The cutter asked the disheartened Hannah.

"Since it's come to this, go ahead and make the cut!" Hannah gritted her teeth and decided to make one last gamble.
###Chapter 67

The half-meter stone was eventually sliced into multiple fist-sized emerald fragments, marking the conclusion of the cutting procesal

These jade pieces weren't very big, and their total value was estimated to be around $300,000 - $400,000. Hannah ended up losing half of her capital.

Clint and Jovan's faces became even darker. This wasn't just about losing a bet; it also proved that Jovan's skills were lacking.

"Now,should you fulfill your bet? So many people heard it. You wouldn't go back on your word now, would you?" Ethan reminded Jovan with a smug smile.

"Who said anything about going back on my word? As a distinguished member of the Novaria Mineral Association, would I ever back out on this small amount of money? However, I want to make another bet with you, on equal terms. Didn't you also choose a stone?”

"This time, I bet that it will rise. If I win, we're even, but if I lose,I owe you $10 million!" Jovan couldn't bear to simply give Ethan $5million. Looking at the stone under Ethan's foot, an idea struck him and he proposed another bet.

"You gambled your stone, and now I'll gamble mine.Fair onough!Don't say I don't know how to respect my eldors, I'll humor you.t bet my stone will rise! If you win, we're even, but if you lose,you owe me $10 million!" Ethan agreed with a snoor.

To Ethan, Jovan was simply giving him an oxtra $5 million. No ono expected that the two of them would continue gambling, but no ono left. Onlookers started to gather, making the scone oven more chaotic.

"How do you plan to cut this stone?" The cuttor, oxcitod to wienoss such a high-staked bet with his own eyes, askod Ethan with
anticipation as he placed the stone on the operating table.

"No cutting, just polish the whole thing for me!" Ethan responded confidently.

"What? You want me to wipe the whole thing?" The cutter doubted if he had misheard.

To cut' was to split the stone along the owner's specified route, while 'wipe' was like peeling an apple and slowly removing the surface material.

"Hahaha... You crack me up! Are you going crazy over jade? You don't actually think this whole stone is jade except for the surface, do you?”


Clint burst into laughter, looking at Ethan as if he were a fool.

In his eyes, Ethan was already doomed to lose; it seemed like he was ready to give up early!

"It's too early to laugh. If I can't wipe off the green, you can laugh then!”

Ethan scoffed nonchalantly.

“Fine, let's see how you lose today! Sir, didn't you hear that he wants it wiped? Why don't you get started?”

Clint sneered and then ominously reminded the cutting master.

The cutting master was speechless, but he began wiping bit by bit in front of everyone's eyes.
After wviping less than a third of the area, his hands involuntarily trembled because he actually saw specks of green in his eyes!

"...It's green! It's really green!"
"This personis incredible, to be able to reveal green like this!"

“Don't jump to conclusions, it's probably only the surface!”

The onlookers immediately started to stir, and numerous voices filled the air.

Clint and Jovan's mocking smiles froze in an instant!

The cutting master didn't care about any of that. He grew more excited after the initial shock, washing to wipe the entire stone immediately!

As the surface peeled away piece-by-piece,glimpses of green appeared before everyone's eyes.

"Jade! It's actually a huge piece of jade!"

"How much is it worth?”

"If it turns out really big, it'll be priceless. I've never heard of anyone possessing such a large piece of jade! The color is so transparent,there's not a single flaw inside!"
###Chapter 68

The discussions around grew louder but Clint and Jovan were already completely deaf to the astonishment of the crowd!

From the initial shock, anger, to later numbness, they didn't know how to react anymore!

It was only when an entire basketball-sized piece of jade appeared that Jovan sat down on the ground, defeated and shocked.

"Alex,how did you do it?”

Hannah stared at Ethan in disbelief.

"If I say it's pure luck, would you believe me?” Ethan calmly asked in return.

For a moment, everyone looked at Ethan as if he were a monster!

"He actually says it's luck? Who would believe him?”

"I do. He's just incredibly lucky!"

"You there, can you possibly not be so careless with this emerald?"

"Can I buy it? I'll offer one billion!"

"You're being too stingy; can you really say no to a billion?I'll offer three billion!"

"I'll offer five billion... I can transfer the money or write you a check right this instant!"

The scene instantly turned chaotic, with numerous wealthy jewelers crowding around Ethan, unable to get a word in edgewise!
Hannah couldn't help but feel bitter. Although in her heart she felt envious and hoped that Ethan would sell her the jade, her company was only worth a few million dollars. What right did she have to compote with these big companies when it came to price?

Even if Ethan was willing to sell it to her, she wouldn't be able to take out that much money!

However, Ethan's next words left everyone stunned!

"I don't intend to sell this jade to anyone! Miss Collins, I'll give this jacle to you. You can figure out what to do with it!"

His words were like a bolt of lightning, shocking everyone to the core!


He was giving this enormous jade, worth at least five billion,directly to another woman?!

Was this guy out of his mind?

"But... I don't have that much money!"

Hannah was also taken aback by this sudden 'surprise' from Ethan!

“I don't need your money. Just give me some of your company's shares, and this jade will be my investment!"
Ethan didn't mind helping this woman. After all, a few billion was just a number to him, and it wouldn't make a significant difference.

“But... My company is only..."

Hannah couldn't believe it. Even if she gave her company to Ethan,she still wwouldn't be able to buy this jade. However, Ethan interrupted her directly.

"There's no need to say more. I know you need it! Plus, I don't think
this investment will necessarily incur losses."

Ethan's tone was unquestionable, making Hannah's heart tremble!

In that instant, Hannah had an urge to burst into tears. Her eyes turned red!

"Oh, and I have one more condition!"

He then glanced at Clint not far away,pointing at him and saying,“Fire this guy. I don't want to see him in the company anymore!"

Hannah was taken aback once again, but she didn't hesitate to nod and agree,“Alright, even if you didn't mention it, I was already planning to do so."

Clint immediately jumped up, pointing at Hannah and cursing loudly,"You want to fire me, Hannah? Have you forgotten who helped you when your company was in its most difficult phase? Are you really repaying kindness with enmity?"

“This is your own doing, and besides, Alex is now the company's biggest shareholder. He has the rights to fire you. Blame yourself for thinking too highly of yourself!"

Hannah responded coldly, unperturbed.

"You're wrong. His problem is not arrogance, but greed! Let someone thoroughly investigate the company's accounts!"

Ethan subtly reminded Hannah with his words.

Upon hearing this, Clint's complexion immediately changed.

"You two... Just you wait and see!"
"This isn't over! Hannah, don't think that kicking me away with one foot is going to settle anything. I'll make sure you pay the price!"
With these harsh words, he turned around and ran!

Hannah could see a lot of information from this and was even more shocked by Ethan's unfathomable nature.

Now. Jovan was alone. He glanced at Ethan, intending to secretly leave with Clint's help.

However,Ethan saw through Jovan's plan a long time ago.

"Mr. Foster, don't be in such a hurry to leave. You haven't kept you end of the bet, no? So many people are watching. It's a total of ten million dollars. After you transfer the money, feel free to go wherever you want! I won't stop you!"
###Chapter 69

Ethan's voice was like thunder, shattering Jovan's last trace of hope.

At the same time, everyone remembered the previous bet and immediately made way between Ethan and Jovan!

Some even directly blocked Jovan's retreat for Ethan!

“...Alex, I didn't expect you to be a master as well! My little tricks are nothing compared to you. I was just joking earlier, nothing serious!"Jovan turned around and immediately forced out an ugly smile while explaining to Ethan.


“Joking? Mr. Foster, I was quite serious just now, and so many people witnessed it. And you're telling me you were joking?" Ethan sneered.

He knew it wouldn't be easy to make this old guy willingly admit defeat in a bet!


“Alex,you want to make me lose all my dignity? I don't know why you pretended not to know and set a trap for me, but you're definitely part of this circle too! I am a senior member of the Novaria Mineral Association.If you really force me, you won't be able to survive in this circle anymore!"

Jovan's face turned extremely ugly, and he even threatened Ethan with his own status.


"You damn bastard, you don't care about dignity! I don't give a shit about your association. Swindle me out of my money, and the price may be more than you can bear! If you don't pay me today, best believe you won't be able to walk out of here!"

Ethan was furious and warned Jovan in a hostile tone.

Just then, there was suddenly a commotion outside the crowd, and an old man walking towards this side was escorted by several young venue staff members.


“Isn't that Beckett, Novaria Mineral Association's president? I didn't expect he would be alerted!"

“With such a large piece of emerald, who dares to ignore it?"

“Who do you think Beckett will support?"

“It's hard to say!"

The surrounding voices of the people immediately filled the air with discussions.

“President,you're here!”

Upon seeing Beckett, Jovan's eyes lit up as if he had found a life-saving straw. He immediately shouted at him with a distressed face.

"What are you doing here?”

Jovan's heart sank immediately; it was clear that Beckett hadn't come to help him!

"Are you the president of the Novaria Mineral Association?" Ethan asked without waiting for Jovan to speak.

“Yes, that's me. Little brother, may I have a look at the jade in your hands?”Beckett's gaze was completely drawn to the large piece of jade Ethan was holding.

"Of course, you can take a look. But there's something I hope the president can help me with. Someone on your turf owes me ten million dollars. Shouldn't you do something about it?” Ethan casually handed the heavy jade over to Hannah.  Hannah was startled and quickly held it with both hands. However, the jade was too heavy, and she stumbled, almost losing her balance. This caused everyone to gasp and sweat with worry. However, Ethan didn't seem to care at all; his gaze was fixed on Beckett. Ethan didn't stop him either; he knew Beckett wouldn't allow Jovan to take advantage of his position for his own personal gain! Beckett's men quickly stepped forward to support the jade for Hannah,and made Beckett breathed a sigh of relief. “Such a thing actually happened? If that's true, I will definitely help you get the money back!" Beckett immediately agreed.

Jovan's face turned pale!

“That's right. He just made a bet with me and lost ten million dollars;Everyone around can testify! If you want to see the jade, help me get my money first!" Ethan lightly pointed at Jovan and explained.

"Mr. Foster, is this true? Since you lost the bet, you should be willing to accept the loss. Do you want to cheat and not pay up?" Beckett's gaze turned cold as he scolded without a doubt.


If it were anyone else, they would've considered the impact and consequences, but Jovan knew Beckett better than anyone,so he naturally complied immediately with Ethan's request!

“Give me the account number, I'll transfer the money right now!"

Jovan couldn't lie anymore, so he agreed straightforwardly.

After all, he still wanted to continue making money as a senior member of the Novaria Mineral Association, and he wouldn't dare disobey Beckett's words!


"Transfer it directly to the company's account. I believe you should be used to Miss Collins' bank account, right?” Ethan sneered.

"I will transfer the money as soon as I get back. Goodbye!"

Jovan snorted resentfully and left the scene dejectedly under everyone's gaze.
###Chapter 70

With this matter settled, Beckett immediately looked at Ethan and smiled,“How should I address you?"

"I am Alex Smith!" Ethan once again stated his mother's surname.

Beckett invited,“Mr. Smith, how about coming to my office for a chat?”

Ethan glanced at Hannah beside him.

Hannah whispered in a low tone, “Beckett is a known expert in the industry, specializing in jade but also knowledgeable about other types of gemstones. If you want to find out about that bead's origin, maybe you could ask him."

"Alright, thank you!" Ethan's heart stirred,and he promptly agreed.

In Beckett's office, Ethan's enormous jade was carefully placed on a large countertop. Beckett held a magnifying glass as he focused on inspecting the vivid green jade, occasionally exclaiming in admiration.

Ethan and Hannah sat nearby, sipping tea. However, it wasn't until 30minutes later that Beckett remembered their presence and reluctantly looked away from the jade.

He apologized, “I'm sorry for keeping you waiting! I just absolutely adore jade stones, so I hope you understand."

"No problem. Since the association's president has already examined my jade,I actually have a little bead here that I'd like you to check," Ethan said as he put down his teacup and took the small bead of his pouch,handing it directly to Beckett. ###Chapter 70

With this matter settled, Beckett immediately looked at Ethan and smiled,“How should I address you?"

"I am Alex Smith!" Ethan once again stated his mother's surname.

Beckett invited,“Mr. Smith, how about coming to my office for a chat?”

Ethan glanced at Hannah beside him.

Hannah whispered in a low tone, “Beckett is a known expert in the industry, specializing in jade but also knowledgeable about other types of gemstones. If you want to find out about that bead's origin, maybe you could ask him."

"Alright, thank you!" Ethan's heart stirred,and he promptly agreed.

In Beckett's office, Ethan's enormous jade was carefully placed on a large countertop. Beckett held a magnifying glass as he focused on inspecting the vivid green jade, occasionally exclaiming in admiration.

Ethan and Hannah sat nearby, sipping tea. However, it wasn't until 30minutes later that Beckett remembered their presence and reluctantly looked away from the jade.

He apologized, “I'm sorry for keeping you waiting! I just absolutely adore jade stones, so I hope you understand."

"No problem. Since the association's president has already examined my jade,I actually have a little bead here that I'd like you to check," Ethan said as he put down his teacup and took the small bead of his pouch,handing it directly to Beckett.###Chapter 70

With this matter settled, Beckett immediately looked at Ethan and smiled,“How should I address you?"

"I am Alex Smith!" Ethan once again stated his mother's surname.

Beckett invited,“Mr. Smith, how about coming to my office for a chat?”

Ethan glanced at Hannah beside him.

Hannah whispered in a low tone, “Beckett is a known expert in the industry, specializing in jade but also knowledgeable about other types of gemstones. If you want to find out about that bead's origin, maybe you could ask him."

"Alright, thank you!" Ethan's heart stirred,and he promptly agreed.

In Beckett's office, Ethan's enormous jade was carefully placed on a large countertop. Beckett held a magnifying glass as he focused on inspecting the vivid green jade, occasionally exclaiming in admiration.

Ethan and Hannah sat nearby, sipping tea. However, it wasn't until 30minutes later that Beckett remembered their presence and reluctantly looked away from the jade.

He apologized, “I'm sorry for keeping you waiting! I just absolutely adore jade stones, so I hope you understand."

"No problem. Since the association's president has already examined my jade,I actually have a little bead here that I'd like you to check," Ethan said as he put down his teacup and took the small bead of his pouch,handing it directly to Beckett. “Is this a sapphire? Why is it still round?" Beckett was shocked when he saw the bead, but he realized something was off when he picked it up. Ethan firmly refused, "I'm sorry, President, but I have no inatention of selling it.” "No,tis actually feels more like jade. Why have I never seen something like this before?" Upon hearing Beckett's words, Ethan's face had slight disappointment. "Ten billion!" Beckett gritted his teeth and added another two billion! Even an expert in this field couldn't figure out this bead's origin?

“President, have you ever seen a similar jade like this?”Ethan persistently asked,unwilling to give up.

Beckett explained with an incredulous expression, “No, I haven't. If it weren't for you showing me, I would've thought it was artificial! However,even if it is, I've never seen this material before. It's truly peculiar."

Hannah requested,“Since you're a mineral expert, you must know many masters in this area. Could you please help us find this bead's origin,President?”

"Well, I'm afraid that even I don't know as well! However, I do have a friend who specializes in jade appraisals! Maybe he'll know this bead's origins. How about this, my friend will bevisiting from Houston to catch up with me in a while. By that time, I'll let you know, alright?" Beckett smiled wryly as he returned the pearl to Ethan and presented another solution.

Ethan silently put the bead away, only writing down his phone number on a piece of paper and handing it to Beckett.

"Thank you for your help. Please inform us for any updates."

“Hmm,then I won't disturb you anymore. Goodbye!" Ethan stood up,intending to leave.

"Wait...” Beckett immediately called out when he saw this.

“Do you need anything else?" Ethan asked.

"I'm wondering if Ican buy this jade from you. I'm willing to offer 8billion!" Beckett's gaze was stuck on the jade,looking rather reluctant. "To be honest, we need this jade for our own company, so I can't sell it no matter how high your offer is," Ethan bluntly explained, putting an end to Beckett's thoughts.

Beckett was taken aback by Ethan's words,"I wonder what your company's name is,Mr.Smith...”

"President, Alex has already invested in my company with this jade."Hannah explained with a bitter smile.

Beckett decided to make another request, "I see! Miss Collins,you've really met a great benefactor. No, I just can't let you have this great deal all to yourself. Look,how about this? I'll also invest in your company, but under one condition-I must personally process this jade!"

Unexpectedly, he really liked this jade stone. Ethan smiled wryly and looked at Hannah, indicating that she should decide this.

"To have the President personally process this jade is really a tremendous opportunity! Then, I agree. I look forward to working with the President!"Hannah eagerly welcomed Beckett. This was a rare opportunity to collaborate with a top expert in jades!

At this moment, she realized Beckett was right; Alex was indeed her benefactor! He not only saved her from Richard, but also got her this large jade and a partner like Beckett!

After achieving his goal, Beckett personally escorted Ethan and Hannah into the car and watched them leave.

As Hannah drove, she recalled everything that happened just now. It all felt like a dream.

This man was really extraordinary, coming with one surprise after another! “Oh,Alex,you mentioned earlier that you needed my help with something.Can you tell me now?" she suddenly remembered Ethan's previous words,curiously asking. Ethan explained,“Well, it's nothing big. I just want to turn this bead into a necklace that I can directly wear. However, I don't want it getting damaged! You should be able to do this,right?"

Hannah agreed immediately,"If you don't want it damaged, then we can only use the inlay technique to embed it entirely into the necklace. It's not that difficuIt; once we arrive at the company, I'll have our craftsmen measure it and create a necklace for you!"

At the same time, the news of a young man's bet on a billion-dollar emerald at the mineral trading conference spread throughout the industry!

On that day, several media outlets and newspapers in Novaria reported this matter one after another, accompanied by photos from the scene.

Even if Ethan was smart enough to wear sunglasses, there was no guarantee that someone familiar wouldn't recognize him!

Inside Cloud Group, in the CEO's office, Mike answered Tim's phone call.

Tim cursed at him mercilessly, blaming him for not showing up earlier and making him suffer.

"I'm lying in this bed like a corpse, and I could even resemble a mummy!Despite that, you have the nerve to tell me you can't find Ethan? What's the point of me keeping you? Do you want me to ask Grandfather to ruin you?”

Mike's face grew terrifyingly dark, but he could only listen obediently because he was just a subordinate.

At that moment, one of his underlings rushed in and turned on the TV news.


The news was covering the incident at the mineral trading conference.Albeit wearing sunglasses, Mike recognized Ethan at a glance!

He abruptly closed the call and gritted his teeth, coldly ordering,“Find a way to dig him out for me! I want to know his exact location as soon as possible!" "Understood!" the subordinate replied and immediately carried out the order.


“Ethan, I didn't expect you to go into hiding. Did you think I wouldn't tell if you put on sunglasses?"

Mike stared at Ethan on the TV, his gaze cold and grim.
###Chapter 71

Shortly afterward, the car arrived at Hannah's company,“Hannah Jewelry Company.”

She told the staff to carry the safe with the jade into her office. Then,she took Ethan around before bringing him to her office and calling in her best craftsman.


"Alex,you've seen the company. Honestly, your jade probably costs more than 10 companies like this combined."

While the craftsman was observing Ethan's bead, Hannah also discussed the company's affairs.

On the other hand, Ethan calmly replied, "I don't care about immediate benefits; I can see this company's future rise. With this jade and Beckett's support, it wouldn't be dlifficult to develop the company within a short time!”


Even if she had any doubts before, Hannah couldn't just regard Ethan as ordinary,especially after seeing his account balance.

Hannah asked with a bitter smile,“No matter how this is done, I'm the one benefiting from this. So, what percentage of the company do you want?
I'll leave a portion for the president!"

"I only want 35 percent with one requirement; you need to keep 35percent of the shares, and it's up to you regarding how much you give Beckett! Moreover, you will still manage the company, while I handle business matters.”

Ethan said seriously,"I won't ask about how you feel. However,if you encounter any trouble, you can tell me and I'll help solve it!" Hannah didn't expect that he only wanted a little over 30% of the shares,but after some thought, she understood his brilliance. A president who truly knows how to manage their subordinates wouldn't mind if everyone earned money together. That was also why large companies with partnership structures were rising. In the long run, this kind of cooperation would ensure the company's smooth sailing. After all, the better it performed, the better everyone's interests would be!


As they discussed, the craftsman was done checking the bead, returning it to Ethan.

"How long will it take to make?" Ethan asked the craftsman.

The man replied,“Earliest by tonight!”

Hannah suggested,“Once it's finished, I'll deliver it to your villa right away!”

“Thank you then!”

Since she lived next door, he didn't refuse as it wouldn't take much for her to deliver it.


Just then, a female employee suddenly rushed into the office, upset as she said,“Madam, the company's accounts and some important client information are missing!"

Hannah's expression changed when she heard this. "What happened? As the accountant, weren't you handling those things?"

"I don't know either! I checked them this noon, and everything was still there!" the accountant explained anxiously.

Ethan suddenly reminded the two women,“Seems like there's a traitor!Do we have any surveillance cameras? And has Clint returned?”

"Check the surveillance footage. See who entered your office!" Hannah quickly caught on. Soon,in the security room, Ethan and the others indeed saw Clint returning to the company. He seemed to have come after the initial conflict at the ore trading meeting. He discreetly unlocked the accountant's office,leaving after no more than five minutes! The female accountant exclaimed in astonishment,“Only I have my office key. How did he get a spare?”

"It seems like this wasn't done on the spot, but rather planned in advance!Let's see how he left the company!” Ethan sneered, checking the surveillance footage outside the company. He noticed that after leaving the office, Clint directly walked out of the company and got into a gray Buick parked nearby.

Zooming in on the footage, Ethan saw a building pass on the car's windshield.

“Source Mansion?”Ethan looked at Hannah.

Hannah instantly realized, "Source Mansion? Antonio Bell's Jewelry Company is in that building! Has Clint been colluding with Antonio since a long time ago?”

"Are you talking about that Mr. Bell from before?" Ethan immediately remembered the guy who wanted to buy his emerald for $300,000 at the mineral trade fair.


Hannah explained with an angry look, “Yes, him! We've always been rival,and his company is slightly larger than mine. However, our recent development has been good, so I didn't expect him to do something so dirty to us!"

"Miss Collins, we only have $12.5 million left in our accounts, and the amount was transferred half an hour ago!" When the accountant realized that Clint had infiltrated her office, she quickly checked the company's accounts and discovered that the funds had indeed disappeared!

Hannah staggered at the news, clearly deeply affected,“That's all the liquid capital the company has at the moment!"  Since we noticed so early, we should still be able to catch up if we hurry back. Have the accountant call the police immediately, and let's see if we can block this guy's path!" Ethan made a quick decision, leading the way out of the security room. Few minutes later, the two of them exited the elevator in the underground parking lot while accompanied by bodyguards. Ethan wasted no time, suddenly appearing behind the group of people! Hannah quickly had the accountant call the police and followed behind Ethan.

Getting into her car, the two headed straight for Source Mansion.

Since they didn't have a pass, they couldn't enter the underground parking lot. After parking the car on the roadside, they directly entered the underground parking lot and searched around. Sure enough, they found the grey Buick that appeared in the footage!

“Should we go up and find him?" Hannah immediately asked Ethan,now regarding him as her backbone.

"No need. If the car is still here, that means he just arrived and hasn't left yet. After doing something like this, he's definitely planning to escape. Let's just wait here!” Ethan shook his head. They chose a hidden spot where they could see the elevator and the car.

In Antonio's office, Clint eagerly asked Antonio, “Mr. Bell, I've stolen all these documents and data. With her liquid capital losses, I'm sure Hannah's company wouldn't last much longer. I've done what you asked,so won't you deliver your promise?"

"You've done well. Don't worry, I'Il arrange for someone to help you leave immediately and go to another city to lay low. I don't want the money you transferred, but I'll give you an additional $3 million for these documents!"Antonio said, throwing a bank card to Clint.

“I reckon Hannah will find out soon, so I must leave right away! Otherwise,the police will come knocking, and you won't be able to escape either!"Clint reminded Antonio as he put away the bank card.

“Let's go. I'll escort you downstairs, and I'll have the driver take you out of the city!" Antonio also understood the situation and quickly led Clint out of the office.
###Chapter 72

Ethan looked at their surprised looks and sneered,"Will you surrender yourself, or do you want me to tie you up and hand you over to the police?”


"Mr. Bell, he has discovered our secret. We can't let him get away!"

Clint immediately reminded Antonio anxiously.

“Guards,take him down!"

Antonio reacted as soon as he heard it. With a sharp look, he immediately shouted at his four bodyguards.

He initially never wanted Clint to leave alive, so he prepared four guards to kill him off. Unexpectedly,he had to deal with Ethan first!

"I was worried I wouldn't be able to teach you a lesson, Alex. However, I didn't expect you to just come to my doorstep. You can't say this is my fault anymore! Weren't you so capable before? Let's see how you'll die now!”


Clint laughed triumphantly. In his opinion, the skinny and weak Ethan couldn't possibly be a match for the bodyguards. He was doomed this time!

The four bodyguards immediately took out their daggers, charging toward Ethan.


Hannah,who was hiding under Ethan's orders, couldn't help but scream.She instanatly caught Clint and Antonio's attention!

“It's Hannah,catch her!” Clint immediately recognized her, him and Antonio immediately chasing her afterward. Just as Clint was about to catch Hannah, Ethan kicked him and sent him flying. Clint immediately fell heavily to the ground, collapsing instantly. "I've always been this strong, but it's a pity you're so useless!" Ethan coldly snorted, despite Clint no longer being able to hear him. Seeing this, Hannah hurriedly ran toward the exit. Ethan's expression turned cold. He didn't expect them to find Hannah, so he couldn't hold back anymore. With all his strength,he swiftly defeated the bodyguards.

But after doing all this, Ethan suddenly froze in realization that his strength had improved a lot. Moreover, the cool energy in his body flowed during his power outburst, following and entering the bodyguards when he hit them.


Those four individuals hadn't figured out the situlation yet,soon screaming in agony as they fainted one-by-one.

Could this cool energy also be used for attacking people? It even had such a dominating effect!

It only took one punch, and the person was knocked unconscious?

Even though they were ordinary people, Ethan knew that if he fought them a few days ago, he wouldn't be able to knock them out as cleanly!

At that moment, Hannah screamed again.

Only then did Ethan snap back to reality, seeing Clint and Antonio getting closer to her.


Without thinking too much, he rushed toward them and was surprised to find that his speed had also improved significantly.

He had already reached them in the blink ofan eye.

Professional athletes needed at least 8-9 seconds to cover that much distance, and Ethan had never reached this level of speed before! But right now, he didn't have the time to think about the reason behind this. Antonio's face turned pale when he saw this, his legs weak as he kneeled and begged, "Please spare me... I have a lot of money, I can give you all of it if you let me leave!"


“I think you'd be better off lying down like him!" Ethan sneered,swiftly punching Antonio in the face.

The next second, Antonio collapsed unconscious on the ground. Only then did Hannah snap out of her fright and looked at Ethan with gratitude.

Ten minutes later, the police arrived. With solid evidence, Antonio and Clint had nowhere to run. The funds and documents would soon return to Hannah's hands.


Hannah wasn't scared anymore, feeling more grateful toward Ethan. The police in charge initially wanted to take Ethan and Hannah back to the police station for questioning, but Ethan didn't want to complicate things and gestured to Hannah. The latter immediately understood and went to discuss privately with the police officer.

Money could apparently solve many things, especially if it wasn't a big deal. The police officer was also relieved and after letting two junior officers question them briefly, they hastily concluded the matter.

Just then, Ethan's phone suddenly rang. It was from Chloe, which surprised him. Her voice came through as the call connected,“Ethan,did you bet on a sky-high-priced jade today?”

"How did you know?" Ethan asked,surprised. “I saw it on the news. Even though you were wearing sunglasses,I recognized you. I didn't actually expect it to be you! You can actually gamble gemstones now?"she explained and asked in astonishment. Ethan's mind suddenly stirred, not expecting this matter to already reach the news. The media was unexpectedly fast,huh? If Chloe could recognize him, then perhaps the Wilson family's people might also be able to. It seemed that he had underestimated the sensation that jade caused. He couldn't be so high-profile anymore in the future! Chloe suddenly changed the subject and asked, “Ethan, do you have time now? I have something important to discuss with you, so can you come over?”


He furrowed his brows instantly and replied, "What's the matter?"

"It's hard to explain over the phone. Let's meet and talk."

With slight urgency in her tone, Ethan agreed. He got the location details and asked Hannah to return before riding a taxi to the villa area Chloe mentioned.

Soon,he saw Chloe waiting by the road at the villa area's entrance.

Ethan got out of the car and curiously asked, “Don't tell me you have a villa here too. Why did you call me here?"

Chloe explained, "I don't have a villa here, but my best friend Sarah does.She's a Harris family member," Then, she took his hand and led him inside the area.


“A Harris family member? One of the four top families?” Ethan's heart skipped a beat.

“Yes, you truly are from the Wilsons. You're quite familiar with the top families!" she praised him with an appreciative look.

Ethan had it suspected before, but now it was almost certain,“So,you're really from the Millers?"

"I knew I wouldn't be able to hide it from you for long once Greg showed up!" Chloe sighed heIplessly. “I thought you had something important to tell me. Why did you suddenly bring me to the Harris family's territory? Moreover, it doesn't seem like they're in Novaria, no?" Ethan asked, his face full of astonishment. Chloe said earnestly, “You're right. Except for the Wilsons, the other three major families have their roots in Houston. Even you guys have gradually shifted your focus to Houston in recent years. The Harris family in Novaria is just a branch of the main one in Houston! Anyway, I brought you here to establish a connection with the Harris family. After all,isn't that important?”

In reality, her true goal was to help Ethan as much as possible before she returned to Houston. She was fully aware of the Wilson family's immense size and power, which was considered the most powerful among the four other families. If Ethan wanted to stand against them, he would need the support of the other three families!
###Chapter 73

"Ethan didn't expect that Chloe would go to such lengths for him.

She even dragged the Harris family in, which shocked him and gave him a mix of emotions. There was both a sense of appreciation and a slight tremor!


The first time Ethan felt this was when he faced Sharon.“No,I can't involve you in the Wilson family's matters!”

Despite that, he maintained composure. He did need support from these big families, but he didn't want to drag Chloe into it.

"Ethan, you need to listen to me!" Chloe firmly said, her tone leaving no room for doubt.

This word slipped out of Ethan's mouth almost subconsciously,“Why?”

“Because... because I don't want anything happening to you!" she gazed deeply into his eyes, her strange affection shining in her eyes and making his body shudder. No matter how dumb he could be, he still knew Chloe's intentions.


“Do you know what you're saying?" he felt a dryness in his throat,his voice unexpectedly hoarse. Her words were undoubtedly an indirect confession, leaving him confused and at a loss.

He never expected that after giving up on Sharon, he would quickly get into another relationship. However, he was the Wilson family's reject now,so he was always in danger. How could he deserve the Miller family's young lady?
villa that he snapped back to reality. villa that he snapped back to reality. Nice to meet you, Miss HIarris!" "No stray thoughts; all you have to do now is obediently listen to me!"Without waiting for him to speak, Chloe dragged him toward the Harris family's mansion. Her assertiveness and sudden dominance seemed to unconsciously help Ethan make a decision. Ethan nodded and greeted Sarah. "Since you're Chloe's friend,you're my friend as well. Don't be so formal;just call me Sarah. It's scorching outside, so come on in.” "Since you're Chloe's friend,you're my friend as well. Don't be so formal;just call me Sarah. It's scorching outside, so come on in.” “Remember, you must listen to me. No arguing, or else I'll show you tears!"Chloe was still anxious and, while releasing his arm, raised her fist while threatening him fiercely.


He stared at her, suddenly feeling an impulse. Instead of saying anything,he only grabbed her hand. On the other hand, she smiled slightly, looking truly beautiful to him!


Just then, a girl suddenly ran out of the villa and asked in dissatisfaction,“Chloe,why did it take you so long to arrive? I've been waiting for 30minutes, I thought you wouldn't come!”


They quickly withdrew their hands upon seeing the newcomer, their faces involuntarily blushing and showing signs of panic!

Ethan couldn't help but laugh at Chloe's embarrassed look, finding it quite cute.


"I'm here, aren't I? Stop saying so much and let's go inside!"

Chloe grunted at the girl who had run out.

“Oh,so you brought a handsome man with you. What's your relationship?”

It was clear that the girl and Chloe were extremely closer. The girl couldn't help but tease when she saw Ethan.

“I should just sew your mouth shut! This is my friend, Ethan!"

Chloe playfully chased after the girl, her face blushing brightly. She then turned to Ethan and said,"This is my best friend,Sarah." Sarah had an outgoing personality, immediately greeting the two.

They entered the villa. As soon as they sat down on the sofa, Ethan felt a cool sensation on his chest.

The bead was once again releasing that coldness!

What's going on?

He couldn't help but be astonished, lost in thought.

Was it because of the bead itself, or did this villa have something special that made it react?

"You guys sit down. I'll cut some fruits up for you!"

Sarah said as she went straight to the kitchen.

"I'll help you out!" Chloe told Ethan to make himsel at home and quickly followed.


They obviously had something to discuss privately inside. On the other hand, Ethan was focused on the villa, feeling the bead's weirdness as he walked around and observed.

"Tell me honestly, who exactly is Ethan?”

Sarah whispered to Chloe as soon as she saw her following.

“Do you really not know who he is?" Chloe countered.

“His surname is Wilson? Is he related to the Wilsons?"

Sarah's mind immediately speculated.

Chloe smiled bitterly as she explained Ethan's identity, not hiding the fact that the Wilsons had banished him.

"Do you want the Harris family to help him? Be honest, Chloe. Do you like him?” Sarah asked with a face full of suspicion.

“You know my situation. I just want to help him one last time!"

Chloe didn't answer directly, her tone filled with helplessness and bitterness.

"Is it worth it? Does he know?"Sarah furrowed her brows.

“He doesn't know, and that's why I wanted to tell you. You can't tell him a thing after returning to Houston!" Chloe pleaded with a distressed expression.


"Why do you have to do this? He'll know sooner or later, so how long are you going to hide this?” Sarah sighed.

Chloe lowered her head sadly and said, “I'll hide it as long as I can. I just want him to live safely,"

Sarah sighed helplessly and said,“You silly girl... I don't know what to say to you. I can keep quiet for you, but it might be difficult for me to help him through my connections. Grandfather suddenly fell ill, and he's still unconscious! My family in Novaria is also in a difficult situation,"

“What? Your grandfather is sick? Why did I hear about this?" Chloe was surprised.

“It happened just a few days ago. Grandfather suddenly fell ill and went comatose. Uncle asked me to keep it a secret, and he's now quietly looking for medical help for him. Many famous doctors have come, but nobody can wake him up so far," Sarah explained when suddenly, there was a commotion in the living room. "Who are you, and what're you doing sneaking around here? Who let you in?” A suited young man suit appeared behind Ethan, eyeing him up and down as he arrogantly asked. "And who might you be?” Ethan retorted, glancing around indifferently.He was annoyed with this young man's questioning. “What's your problem, James? He's my friend. Don't make trouble as soon as you come back!" Sarah interrupted, walking out of the kitchen and scolding the young man.
###Chapter 74

"Your friend? You must be kidding me, Sarah! You're the Harris family's most important member. You should know your own standing,yet here you are, always befriending these strange people. I can tell he's up to no good just by looking!"

James was shocked by Sarah's words, but then sneered dismissively and continued with sharper words.

“You're being incredibly rude, James. Ethan is here because of me. He is my friend!" Chloe stepped forward and warned him without any politeness.

James raised an eyebrow. “Miss Miller is here too? How interesting. It seems like your taste isn't that great as well. Your friend snoops around like a thief, constantly looking around as if he's planning something. Don't forget that this is the Harris family, and I am its young master! You should understand who the master here is, so return to your family!"

Sarah angrily reprimanded him, “That's enough, James! Did you come back just to argue? Don't forget our grandfather is still lying in bed!"

"I can't be bothered to argue with you people. It's better to let this kind of person leave early. I still need to bring the Russian expert to see my grandfather!" James snorted, seemingly remembering why he returned. He shouted toward the door,"Come in, Edwin!”

Shortly after, a middle-aged man wearing a white coat and holding some specialized medical instruments walked in from outside.

"Wait... who is he? Did you randomly bring someone to see Grandfather without Uncle's permission?" Sarah immediately blocked their way, her face filled with suspicion as she asked.

“I've already informed my dad, and he'll be here soon. Besides, Edwin is a Russian medical expert and even a professor at a medical school! If you have time to stop me, you should quickly get the unrelated people out.
Therefore,if Dad arrives, they wouldn't start blaming you for being mistreated!" James sneered again, leading Edwin straight upstairs. "I'm sorry, Ethan. That was my cousin, James. He's always been arrogant because of his connections, but please ignore him!" Sarah could only apologize to Ethan.

Chloe earnestly reminded Sarah,“James has grown even more insufferable,and your uncle isn't a kind person either. The Harris family relies on your dad's hard work, so what's the difference between them and parasites?You should be carefu and see your grandfather quickly!"

“Yeah, I really need to check make sure they don't cause trouble!”Sarah knew that Chloe's words made sense, immediately rushing upstairs.

"We should go up as well and check it out!" Chloe said as she pulled Ethan along.

Ethan followed along. He initially had no thoughts of getting involved in the Harris family's internal disputes. However, as soon as he reached the stairs, he felt stronger vibrations coming from the bead. Thus, he quickly swallowed his words.


The further he climbed, the colder the bead was. This made him realize that whatever was causing the bead to react was likely upstairs!

When they arrived outside Grandpa Harris's room, the coldness grew stronger. Ethan was almost certain that there was something in this room that was attracting the bead!

What exactly was in the room?

Seeing Ethan and Chloe entering, James angrily asked,“Sarah, why did you bring the two outsiders up here? Will you be responsible if anything happens to Grandpa?" Sarah responded with a biting remark,"They're my friends, so of course I will take responsibility. As for you, I can't help but be suspicious with you bringing in some foreigner out of the blue, claiming to check on Grandpa's health!” On the other hand, Ethan felt that the thing attracting the bead seemed to be on the bed right in front of him, more accurately, on Grandpa Harris himself!

At that moment, Edwin was pretending to examine Grandpa HIarris's body,using a stethoscope to listen all over his chest.

Ethan could tell that Grandpa Harris had been healthay before, but now his face had a strange grayish tint.

After a while, Edwin turned to James and bluntly said,“Mr. Harris,your grandfather seems to have been poisoned. However, the treatment will be quite troublesome and expensive!"

Ethan immedliately rolled his eyes. Just by a casual look and a few heartbeats, he could tell it was poisoning?

While he could infer some things from Grandpa's complexion, he didn't dare to confidently assert anything. The other party mnust be bluffing!

Sarah's face turned ugly upon hearing Edwin's words,“Several renowned doctors have already said that Grandpa's been poisoned, but they have no clue about how to save him. Despite that, you're saying you can treat him?”


Edwin confidently replied,“Miss Harris, are you questioning my capabilities? For your information, I am a professor at Stavropol State Medical University. Honestly, the doctors before couldn't cure him because their skills are inferior to mine!"

She coldly asked,"In that case, can you cure my grandfather?"

He glanced at James and indifferently said,“Yes, but it'll cost ten million dollars for the treatment! Of course, I'll need to see the money first before I can proceed with the treatment!" Hearing this, James ordered Sarah, “Didn't you hear what the he said?Hurry up and have your dad transfer the money. Don't you still want to save Grandpa?” Ethan sneered when he heard this.
###Chapter 75

He was almost certain that James and Edwin were here to swindle money.It seemed that the Harris family's financial power was currently under Sarah's father. That's why James used such a trick, actually using his own grandfather to satisfy his own selfish interests!

"Ten million dollars? Are you genuinely asking that amount? Money is not an issue. As long as you cure Grandpa, I guarantee that you won't miss a penny. However, before he's cured, you won't get asingle cent!"Sarah obviously understood James' little tricks and couldn't possibly be fooled!


"What're you saying, Sarah? Do you not want to save Grandpa?" James suddenly became furious. He needed that one hundred million to live a luxurious life!

“Can I see Grandpa Clarence?" Ethan suddenly spoke up, asking Sarah.

The closer they were to the old man, the strong the bead's energy was.Since they were so close, Ethan also wanted to see the situation here!

"You want to see Grandpa?” Sarah was instantly stunned by his words.

“Ethan, do you know medicine?” Chloe looked at Ethan with a puzzled expression,tilting her head.

"Just a little bit!" Ethan casually lied, saying he just wanted to take a look and wouldn't make a mess.


James stared at Ethan mockingly,"What's this joke? Do you think you're a miracle doctor? So many doctors couldn't treat him, and now you want to check on him? You'll be responsible if anything goes wrong, you know?"
"If your friend can treat Grandpa, then why can't mine? Ethan, go ahead and take a look. Even if you can't figure anything out, it wouuldn't make a difference!” Hearing this, everyone present was shocking, thinking that they had misheard! “Ethan, are you really sure you can detoxify him?" Chloe asked with concern. Sarah was initially slightly hesitant, but after hearing James' words,she wanted to anger him! In any case, Ethan was just taking a look. Even if he couldn't discern anything, it would be fine.


James snorted with an ugly expression, “Fine, check on him and see if you,pretending to be a doctor, can figure anything out. If anything happens to Grandpa, none of you will be able to escape!”

Ethan approached the bed and placed one hand on Clarence's left wrist.The bead on his chest indeed reacted, just like before. It was constantly absorbing something from Clarence's body, but this time,it wasn't cold air.Instead, it was a thick and sticky aura. The speed at which these auras were absorbed was slower compared to the cold air, but as soon as they passed through Ethan's palm, they immediately transformed into that cold air before being completely absorbed by the bead.

Ethan could even sense that the cold air, transformed through this process,was even cooler and more concentrated. It was as if it were undergoing some kind of purification, and even the cold air in his own body grew stronger alongside it.

Furthermore, as these dense auras were sucked out and transformed,Clarence's deathly pale face visibly lightened. Realizing this, Ethan's heart skipped a beat. Could it be that these auras were the reason behind the old man's sickness?


These were toxins, no? This meant that the bead also could detoxify and purify things!

"After pretending to look for so long, what can you actually see?" James spoke impatiently.

Only then did Ethan retract his hand and ignore James. He then looked at Sarah and said,"I've already figured out Clarence's condition. If you trust me, I can detoxify him right away!" "Nonsense! You're saying you can treat him? Who are you trying to fool?No,I absolutely disagree with this guy's reckless actions!" James jumped up,speaking bluntly to the three of them.

"What's all this noise about? We could hear you from afar! Don't you know this is Grandpa's room?" Just then, a man's voice grew closer as a group of people appeared at the door.

"Dad, please tell Sarah to stop. She actually brought in some stranger who claims he can treat Grandpa!" James shouted even louder when he saw the newcomer, explaining to the middle-aged man leading the group.

The man was none other than Alan, Clarence's eldest son. He was wearing suit and was quite overweight, giving him a somewhat silly appearance.

“Sarah, what's going on here?" Alan furrowed his brows, asking Sarah after looking at Ethan.

Sarah defended herself in front of Alan, "Uncle, don't listen to him. Ethan is just my friend who came with Chloe today to hang out! On the other hand,James invited some foreign doctor to treat Grandpa. However,he asked me for ten million before even treating the illness!"
###Chapter 76

James immediately shouted at her,“Edwin said he can treat him, but you clearly refused. Seems like you really don't want Grandpa to recover,since you're asking this stranger to treat him instead. You must want to harm Grandpa,right?”


“Enough, why are you arguing as a family? Both of you have mishandled this matter. Treating Dad is such an important thing, so why didn't any of you wait for my arrival first?” Alan scolded, displaying a business-like attitude as he didn't favor anyone.


He suspiciously asked Ethan, "Anyway, you're saying you can treat Dad?Are you a doctor?"

“I'm not a doctor, but I can indeed neutralize the strong poison in Clarence's body. Besides, I'm not asking any payment for this!" Ethan explained calmly, shading James with his last sentence.

James couldn't help but notice Ethan's intention as he angrily said,“Dad,don't listen to him. He's still so young, he can't be that capable!"

"If you won't let me examine, then how do you know I definitely can't treat him? Or do you not want to save your own grandfather?"

"I'm offering this for free, too!" Ethan chuckled, seemingly unimpressed.However, him mentioning that it was free almost drove James crazy.

In reality, he didn't want to please the Harris family. Had it not been for the poison in Clarence's body, he wouldn't be acting so kind right now.

The converted poison had this purer coldness that reeled him in. James retorted angrily,“Don't wrongly accuse people here. Fine, if you insist, then you'd better explain if it doesn't go well. The Harris family isn't a place where you can act recklessly!" He was truly angry now. If Ethan wanted to treat Clarence so badly, then so be it! However,if he failed,James would make sure to teach him a lesson! From his perspective, Ethan would definitely fail! “Then how about a bet? If I can cure your grandpa, you have to kneel down and apologize to me. On the contrary, if I can't,I'll kneel down and apologize to you!" Ethan narrowed his eyes and proposed a bet to James.

James scoffed mockingly, “What a joke! Who do you think you are?Why should I bet with you? Moreover, you even want me to kneel and apologize to you? You're quite ambitious. Are you even worthy of that?"

"So you aren't confident? What, are you scared of losing to me?" Ethan raised his eyebrows as he provoked James.

“Ridiculous! How could I possibly lose? If you really want to bet,then I have another condition. If you lose, not only do you have to kneel down and apologize, but you also have to imitate a dog and lick my shoes clean!”"James lifted his left foot, showing Ethan his shoe's dirty sole with a cold and sinister expression.

"James, you're going too far!" Chloe didn't expect James to propose such an unfair condition; he was really going overboard. Her expressions changed as she angrily reprimanded him.

James smirked triumphantly, “That's my condition. If you don't like it,then you can leave!"

"Alright, sure." Ethan agreed without hesitation.

Hearing this, everyone was stunned. They didn't expect Ethan to agree to such a condition. It was either he was extremely confident or he had gone insane!


“Ethan!” Chloe couldn't help but worry as she looked at him, wanting to persuade him. Ethan replied confidently,“Don't worry, just trust me!" "Just do your best. If it doesn't work out, don't force yourself. Grandpa's health is the most important!" Chloe reminded him with concern."I don't want any disturbances while I treat him, so all of you must leave!”he turned his head and said to the Harris family members. Everyone was surprised.

“Why? What if you want to harm Grandpa?" James was dissatisfied at this.

"Your dad and Sarah can stay in the room, but you have to leave because you're noisy. They can watch over me fully here, so don't worry!”Ethan pointed at Alan and Sarah, explaining with a smile.

James clenched his teeth angrily and coldly snorted,“Alright,let's see what tricks you have. If you can't save Grandpa, you're done for!"
###Chapter 77

James snorted and left Grandpa's room with Edwin and the others,leaving only Alan and Sarah in the room.

As the door closed, Ethan solemnly reminded the two remaining people,“I will carefully observe the poison in Old Master Harris's body next. As long as I can tell his physical condiion and the poison's natures, detoxification will be very fast, but the whole process mnay take some time. Please be patient and do not disturb me!"

The thick and viscous substance was different from the coolness the bead absorbed earlier, and it would take a relatively long time to convert. Based on the amount of poison in Clarence's body, Ethan estimated that it would take at least 30 minutes to completely transform. That's why he first sent James, the meddler,out of the room.

"Don't you have to give us a timeframe?" Alan reminded with a frown,dissatisfied.


“About half an hour, but it won't exceed forty minutes at most." Ethan gave Alan a timeframe.

Upon hearing this, Alan didn't say much.

Ethan then placed his hand on Clarence's left hand and closed his eyes,resembling an actual doctor.

Sarah found this amusing and carefully observed him. She wanted to see what was so different about him that made Chloe fall head over heels!
After a while, she couldn't see anything. However, she did feel like Ethan looked like a scammer, especially considering his young age. His serious expression and his youthful face made her want to laugh, but she held it in when she glanced at Alan. any longer after ten minutes. However,Sarah failed to notice that, in addition to his surprise, her uncle also had a hint of fear and unease. With things unfolding this way, Alan seemed hesitant to make any sudden moves in front of Sarah. He paced back and forth with a gloomy expression, deep in thought about who knows what. Pretending to examine the patient, Ethan was actually quickly absorbing the toxins in Clarence's body and converting it. Although he had mentioned the timeframe in advance, Alan couldn't wait "He's been closing his eyes and not moving. Did he fall asleep? Is this even going to work?”

Sarah actually found this boring as well, but she couldn't let Alan disturb Ethan, so she quickly reminded, “Didn't he say it would take around1 40minutes? Don't be impatient!"

About to approach Ethan, Alan said, "This is the Harris family.How can we let him do whatever he wants? I'm really suspicious now. This doesn't look like saving someone. He's really just trying to fool me, huh? No way,I have to clarify first!”

Ethan felt annoyed, realizing that this Alan wasn't much better than his son. Helpless, she was ready to stop the process.

"Wait,look!" she quickly grabbed Alan, gesturing for him to look at Clarence.


"What am I looking at?" Alan was completely confused as he had a bewildered look, not knowing what was happening.

“Look at Grandpa's complexion!" Sarah reminded him again.

Only then did he notice that Clarence's complexion had indeed improved significantly. His originally lifeless and dark grey face gradually dissipated,a healthy flush returning to it.

This scene left them astonished and uncertain. Was Clarence's complexion improving because of Ethan? However, Ethan didn't seem to have done anything?
###Chapter 77

Soon, Ethan finally breathed a sigh of relief and continued to quickly convert the poison in Clarence's body.

Meanwhile, in the hospital's intensive care unit, Tim was covered in banda Suddenly,Tim glanced at Mike with resentful eyes. “If you want to kill Ethan, take me with you! To quell this hatred I have,I want to see him die with my own eyes!" “You shouldn't go out in your current situation, Young Master!” ges and a cast as he sat in a wheelchair, looking utterly miserable.

Mike was sitting across from him, talking on the phone with Brady.

"That's right, the girl who saved Ethan and the old man is most likely from the Millers!"


Upon hearing this, Brady was shocked. "When did Ethan get in touch with the Millers? Have you investigated the girl's identity?"

"We're still investigating. We should have a response from HIouston soon.However, what should I do if the Miller family makes another move?"Mike asked with concern.


"They wouldn't risk meddling with us. According to what you've said, it's most likely the girl's personal choice. I never thought Ethan would be good at winning women over!” Brady seemed to see through everything,speaking bluntly.

"Then should we proceed with the operation?" Mike asked, his mind racing.

Brady's tone was unquestionable. "Of course! The girl won't be by Ethan's side forever. Without touching the Miller family's people directly,find a way to eliminate Ethan. That shouldn't be difficult for you!"

"Understood! Once Ethan's whereabouts are confirmed, I'll strike immediately. He won't have such good luck this time!" Mike said with a murderous look as he ended the call. Chloe stood her ground, retorting without backing down. She was determined not to let James disturb Ethan. Maybe this was why Ethan didn't want her in the room; she had to make sure James didn't cause any trouble!
###Chapter 78

Infuriated by Chloe's repeated interruption,James was furious and threatened in a low voice, “If you keep blocking me, don't blame me for being rude!"


"No matter what you say, I won't let you in. What do you want? If you dare to lay a finger on me, I promise you'll regret it!" Chloe stared at James without yielding an inch.

“You forced me into this! Do you really think I won't lay a hand on you?”Feeling proud and arrogant, Jamnes thought his Harris family was more prestigious.

As he lost patience, James angrily raised his hand, ready to slap Chloe.

“Stop!" Just then, the room door suddenly opened from inside.

Ethan was standing in front of the door, staring at James indifferently.

“If you lay a hand on her, I'll show you what regret truly means."

James' hand froze mid-air when saw Ethan's intense gaze. He began feeling uneasy, making him hesitate!

“Ethan,how is everything?” Seeing Ethan come out, Chloe was the first to ask with concern.


“I've neutralized the poison in Old Master Harris's body," Ethan nodded,explaining to Chloe.

It was only then that James snapped out of his shock under Ethan's intimidating gaze. He realized that Ethan had suppressed him, making his face turn red with embarrassment along with the frustration he felt Hearing Ethan say that he had already removed Clarence's poison, James was skeptical. "Impossible! So many experts couldn't do anything, how could you? I have to go in and see Grandpa. If there's anything wrong with him,you're dead!"
Saying this, James hurriedly rushed into Clarence's room. He had to confirm Ethan's words!

Inside, Alan and Sarah were observing Clarence's complexion.

After Ethan's treatment, the dark and lifeless aura enveloping the old man had mysteriously vanished. It was replaced with a healthier, rosier complexion, even better than when he was healthy!

However,when Sarah tried to softly call out to Clarence, there was still no response.

“What's wrong with Grandpa?"

James rushed in with anxiety, shouting loudly upon hearing Sarah call for Clarence, as if afraid of any turmoil.

"Grandpa's fine, of course! Just like recovering from any serious illness,his body needs time to heal. He'll wake up after a while!" As Ethan and Chloe entered from outside, he smiled sarcastically while speaking to James.

Hearing this, Sarah let out a sigh of relief and gratefully looked at Ethan.

Grandpa Clarence had always doted on her, so she naturally hoped that he would recover as soon as possible!

“Ethan, thank you so much!" she said excitedly. She originally had a try-it-out mentality, but he truly surprised her. It was simply unbelievable!

"Impossible! Don't exaggerate and try to stall. Unless Grandpa really wakes up,you're just deceiving us and avoiding responsibility!" James scoffed, his face full of disbelief. If Ethan really cured Clarence, it would mean that he really had to face the consequences of his actions. However, how could he kneel and apologize? Ethan replied confidently with a sneer,“I've said it before; your grandpa will wake up soon. I don't make false claims, you know. We will know soon enough! And I assure you, I always keep my word,especially with so many witnesses! I just hope Mr. Harris wouldn't go back on his word."
After completely absorbing the poison in Clarence's body, Ethan realized that the old man's body was affected from the previous toxins. Thus, he wanted to see if he could use the cool sensation to repair Clarence's damaged internal organs.

After aIl, it definitely had healing abilities, considering how it healed his own injuries before!

Ethan slowvly flowed the cold air into Clarence's body. It felt like opening the door to a new world, discovering that under his control, it could actually check the patient's physical condition.

As he had suspected, Clarence's organs were corroded by the toxins, and it probably wouldn't be long before some of them completely failed. Even God couldn't save him at that point!

What surprised Ethan even more was that the cold air not only quickly repaired the dead organs, but it was also much faster than when it healed him before this.

In other words, not only could he check other people's bodies, but also treat the problem once he found it!

This was truly an unexpected blessing, and Ethan marveled at this cold air's astonishing power.

What his mother, Jessie, left him could no longer be described as a treasure;it was simply a miracle.

With this, Ethan naturally had full confidence that Clarence would soon wake up.

James frowned and coldly snorted,“Let's wait for Grandpa to wake up and then we'll talk. However, we don't have time to waste with you with so many people! Who knows how long your 'soon'will be?” “Be quiet! Who's kicking up such a fuss here?” At that moment, a dissatisfied voice echoed, making everyone's gaze shift after the initial shock. Wasn't that Clarence's voice?

Sure enough, Clarence sat up from the bed with a disgruntled look. He was surprised to see so many people in his room, clearly unaware of what had happened.

“You're awake, Dad?” Alan's eyes widened as he quickly walked over to ask.

“What nonsense! Have I died? Why are so many people in my room?"Clarence glared at Alan and asked in an annoyed tone. His voice was strong, not sounding the least bit unwell.

“Grandpa... You're really okay! This is great. I was so worried for the past two days!" Sarah directly jumped into Clarence's arms, sobbing with excitement.


At this moment, Chloe had a shimmering gaze, looking at Ethan with an indescribable light in her eyes.

What Ethan brought to her wasn't just shock anymore. He actually did it,but how?


"Sarah,why are you crying? I'm perfectly fine, aren't I? Tell Grandpa what happened!” Clarence couldn't bear to see his precious granddaughter in tears and, asking skeptically while trying to comfort her.

Sarah managed to stop crying, recalling when he was suddenly poisoned,numerous doctors being helpless, and Ethan coming to the rescue.

"I was poisoned?” Clarence's face instantly darkened. Apparently, he didn't know what happened after he fainted from the poisoning.

Come to think of it, if it weren't for Ethan, he wouldn't even know how he died.
###Chapter 79

"Yes, Grandpa. Even I didn't expect Ethan could actualy save you. Do you remember how you got poisoned? When the butler found you in the garden,you had already fainted due to poisoning," Sarah quickly asked.She was determined to uncover the culprit behind her grandfather's poisoning.

Clarence was suspicious, uncertain as he started to recall what happened before he fainted. He couldn't have been poisoned for no reason; there must've been some traces beforehand!


At this moment, James still didn't give up. He asked again,“Grandpa,are you really okay?"

“What do you mean, James? Did you not want Grandpa to wake up?"Sarah was instantly filled with anger upon hearing his words.

Clarence's sharp gaze also turned toward James, leaving the latter so frightened that his legs almost gave out.

Alan angrily yelled at James,“You bastard, how dare you speak like that?Get the hell out of here!”

He regretted not nailing this fool to the wall in the past.

James' complexion changed as he heard this, realizing that he had clearly lost the bet. However, how could he possibly kneel and apologize to Ethan?

Alan's furious shout immediately gave him a chance to escape.Once he realized it, he didn't hesitate and quickly walked toward the door.
"Wait. You can leave if you want, but before you go, shouldn't you fulfill your words first?" Ethan couldn't just let this man leave. Even before James reached the door, he called out. James paused, his face filled with maliciousness. He didn't expect Ethan to have the audacity to make him fulfill the bet. "That's right. You doubted whether Ethan would keep his promise before
 this. As the Harris family's heir, you wouldn't show such dishonorable behavior, right?" Chloe chimed in.

"That's funny! You think I should kneel down and apologize to this idiot?Know your place. I'm the Harris family's young master, and he is nothing!" James completely revealed his shameless attitude, speaking arrogantly as if it were only natural!

“You're twisting your words! If Ethan was the one who lost, you wouldn't have let him off. Now that you're the one who lost,you want to settle it with a few words? Don't be so shameless! That'll only make people look down on you!" Sarah yelled angrily.

"Sarah, what's going on?” The young children were arguing, which made Clarence frown and ask with slight dissatisfaction.

Sarah explained everything that happened in detail.

As he listened, Clarence's face grew darker.

He kept his gaze on James the whole time, making the latter feel uneasy and break out in a cold sweat!


“Old Master Harris, it's good I could save you today. I never intended to trouble Young Master Harris, but he kept provoking me. I had no choice but to respond, so I hope you understand!" After Sarah finished explaining,Ethan calmly spoke to Clarence.

Only then did Clarence shift his gaze to Ethan, observing the latter before nodding slowly."I owe my life today to Mr. Wilson's kind help. My foolish grandson has embarrassed himself in front of you!"

Sarah smiled and said, "Grandpa, Ethan is my friend, so you don't have to be so formal with him. Just call him by his name!" Others may not understand the meaning behind her words, but Ethan and Chloe understood very well. Sarah had really decided to help create a relationship between Ethan and Clarence! Clarence was silent, but his gaze turned to James again as he sternly scolded, “Bastard, are you taking back your words just like that? As Harris family members, we may lose in a bet, but we mustn't lose our integrity!How do I have a grandson like you?"
###Chapter 80

"Grandpa... Are you really asking me to kneel and apologize to this idiot?"James asked in surprise, trembling. He couldn't believe what he was hearing.

Clarence coldly snorted,"If you don't want to kneel, you can get out of the Harris family from today onward. I'll pretend as if you were never my grandson!”

“Dad,James is your own grandson. Aren't you going too far? In your eyes,is he really less than this outsider?" Alan was shocked and quickly stepped forward to plead for his son.

"I'll make sure to handle your matter after this!" Clarence stared at Alan for a moment with a cold glare. He then turned his head, ignoring Alan!

Just one look and sentence made Alan freeze on the spot, his face pale and cold sweat rolling down!

Ethan suddenly had a hunch, immediately guessing what was going on.

"Grandpa, I'll kneel, okay? Please don't drive me out of the Harris family!Is it not enough if I kneel?”

James immediately collapsed. His sense of superiority as the Harris family's young master instantly vanished. In order to keep the status he relied on,he knelt before Ethan without hesitation.


“I'm sorry, Ethan. I shouldn't have doubted you!" James gritted his teeth,finally squeezing out the humiliating words. "What a group of troublesome people. Enough! All of you, leave!? Clarence angrily yelled. As a grandfather, how could he feel comfortable when his grandson was kneeling and apologizing? However, he knew who was in the wrong, so he had to direct his frustration and anger toward James and his father. As soon as they heard this, the father and son trembled and dared not linger any longer. After exchanging glances, they quickly disappeared with the people they had brought.

“Your name is Ethan?" Clarence's face finally softened, his gaze turning to Ethan inquiringly.

“Yes,”Ethan nodded.

Clarence slowly nodded at first, but he then said something that startled the others. "I've done deals with your father before. He is a good young man! I never expected you to be even more outstanding than him. He must be pleased up in heaven.”

Ethan asked in astonishment, “You know me and my father?"

Clarence continued with a smile, “Our four families have interaction before,after all. I did receive news when you arrived in Novaria three years ago.You're remarkable, and your title as Cloud Group's business legend isn't an exaggeration."

Upon hearing this, Ethan couldn't help but shake his head bitterly. "I have no connection with Cloud Group anymore! Moreover, the Wilsons have banished me. Your words embarrass me, Old Master Harris.”

"What happened?” Clarence imamediately furrowed his brows. When he was in a coma, Ethan hadn't been banished yet,so he was unaware of it.

"Grandpa, it's like this!" Sarah also understood and roughly explained the situation.


Clarence's expression changed after he heard this. He didn't ask about why Ethan's was banished, nor did he reveal his thoughts. "What's the matter, Grandpa?" Sarah's heart sank. Could it be that Clarence's attitude toward Ethan would change because he wasn't a Wilson family member anymore? Clarence stood up from the bed. He stretched a bit before saying to Ethan,“I'm alive today thanks to you, Ethan. I will remember this favor and invite you to dinner another time. As for today, I have matters to attend to. “Grandpa!” Sarah couldn't believe that Clarence would actually abandon Ethan due to his expulsion.

However, Ethan only responded, "Since that's the case, I won't disturb you.I can understand your current mood after all, since the Harris family also has their own troubles. Goodbye for now!"

With that,Ethan walked out without looking back.
###Chapter 81

"Then I'll leave as well!" Chloe saw the situation,quickly bidding farewell before chasing after Ethan.

“Grandpa,why did you..." Sarah couldn't understand why Clarence did this. Even though Ethan was no longer part of the Wilsons, he had just saved Clarence's life. Was Clarence afraid of offending the Wilson family?

“Sarah, there are some things you don't understand. Do you think I don't know how to repay a debt?" Clarence sighed, looking helplessly at his beloved granddaughter.

“Grandpa, that's not what I meant. I also understand Ethan's sensitive identity and how difficult it has been for you!" Sarah quickly explained.

“It's not Ethan that's the problem; he was right. However, the Harris family has its own troubles we need to deal with!" Clarence sighed, his face filled with emotion.

Sarah was confused once again.

When Ethan left the Harris family villa, Chloe caught up with him from behind and grabbed his arm.

Chloe asked in confusion, "Ethan, why didn't you try harder? After all,you saved Old Master Harris today. This is the best chance you have!"

Ethan reminded bitterly,“Haven't you realized? Old Master Harris has important matters to attend to, so he won't be seeing me again until he resolves those matters."


"What have you realized? I feel like there was more to your conversation with Clarence," Chloe frowned in confusion and asked. "Grandpa wouldn't be poisoned for no reason, and it even happened in his own backyard. It's obviousthat the Harris family has internal issues. If even his own family can't be at peace, it'd be impossible for him to help me!” Ethan sighed, pulling Chloe along while explaining.
"So,you're saying Clarence was poisoned by someone within his family..."Chloe immediately thought of what Clarence telling Alan that he'd deal with something he did! What could it be?

Even though she only spoke halfway, Ethan could tell Chloe already understood the situation based on her expression.

Ethan sighed helplessly,"What I mean is, the Harris family will surely show gratitude once they resolve their own troubles!"

When it came to Brady's attitude toward Ethan, he was merciless; even to the point of being cruael!

On the other hand, Clarence immediately guessed the most likely culprit to cause trouble within his family.

He had been poisoned, but he didn't even explode on the spot. That clearly showed his soft-heartedness!

Chloe was initially afraid Ethan had been too rude and his relationship with the Harris family would completely sever, but turns out this was what he really meant!

“Let's go. the Harris family is not safe either. We can't rely completely on others; in the end, it's up to us!”

Ethan squeezed Chloe's hand and showed a confident smile.

"Well, I believe you can do it." Chloe took a deep breath, also smiling.

Ethan's performance today was amazing, which made her see a more magical side of this man. Naturally, her confidence in him increased!
As the two walked out of the villa area, they saw a black Mercedes parked on the roadside from afar. reluctance. At that moment, one of his subordinates suddenly entered the room and reported,“Boss, we've found Ethan's address. It turns out he's indeed with that woman named Hannah,and they're neighbors!" Greg stood expressionless next to the car, which made Chloe immediately panic and pull her hand away from Ethan's. Just then, two terrifying rays of anger shot out from Mike's eyes, venting "Ethan, I have to go back now. Stay safe!" she said, her eyes filled with "Okay, contact me if there's anything!" he noticed something about her attitude toward Greg, but he only nodded discreetly.

It wasn't until Chloe got into the Mercedes and the car drove off that Ethan wwithdrew his gaze.

The sky was gradually darkening. Ethan hailed a taxi and hurried back to the villa.


In the hospital room, Mike had come at Tim's request. Tim was afraid that Mike would act without him, so he didn't allow him to leave his sight,which annoyed Mike.


“By the way, was the girl with Ethan before from the Miller family?" Tim remembered Chloe, who was with Ethan at the cafe that day. A gleam of light flashed in his eyes.

Mike explained expressionlessly, “Based on the information we've collected so far, it seems so. The old man is Greg, one of the Millers' eight vassals!"

“What a pity!"

Tim was frustrated. He originally planned to tortuare Ethan and then rape that woman,but Chloe's identity made him hesitate.

Mike reminded him calmly,"I know what you're thinking. Elder Brady ordered us not to provoke anyone from the Millers, so you can give up that idea!”


Tim yelled in anger,“DoI need you to teach me? Know your place!"

Mike had a gloomy expression, but he only endured and remained silent all the anger Tim brought him onto Ethan!

"Notify everyone to keep an eye on him.I'll be there shortly!"

"Me too, take me with you! I want to see every single one of Ethan's bones getting shattered!" Tim immediately shouted, afraid that Mike would leave him behind.


Mike looked at Tim grimly before instructing his subordinates,“Have two people accompany the young master!"

"Hahaha! Ethan, today I'll make you taste the agony of a fate worse than death and then send you to hell!" Tim's face was wrapped in bandages, so it showed no expression. On the other hand, his bloodshot eyes turned red and hideous when it was exposed outside.

As Ethan just returned to the villa, his doorbell suddenly rang.

As expected, the visitor was none other than Hannah.

"Alex,I saw that you arrived home just now, so I brought the share transfer contract for you. It'll take effect as soon as you sign it!"

After seeing him, Hannah directly handed the contract over.

As he signed his name on the contract, Ethan said,“Do we really need to rush this? Also, my name isn't Alex; it's Ethan.”

“Ethan?!” Hannah froze upon hearing this, a rumor about a certain person flashing through her mind. “You're Ethan, Cloud Group's chairman?"

"Not anymore. Go back for now and contact me if there's anything you need.”

Ethan returned the contract to Hannah, not even letting her enter the villa.

He revealed his true identity to her because he didn't need to hide it anymore.
###Chapter 82

Seeing that Ethan didn't want to say much, despite her curiosity,Hannah could only leave.

Back at her place, she laid down on bed after showering. She was still contemplating Ethan's unbelievable identity!

On the other hand, Ethan was in his living room as he observed everything outside through a gap in the curtains, his eyes flashing with a hint of sharpness!

When he got out of the car earlier, he felt someone was watching him from behind. Now, he saw several figures hidden in the darkness, revealing their identities.

Just then, his phone suddenly rang, indicating a text message.

He took out his phone and saw a message from an unknown number.Its contents were brief, [Your location has been revealed. Leave immediately!]

Ethan's expression immediately turned strange. He realized that he had been exposed, but who was this person warning him? Could someone within the Wilsons be secretly helping him?

At that moment, the figures in the darkness began to move, swiftly scaling the wall into the villa yard.

Based on their performance, they were undoubtedly skilled.

They are all of the Wilson family's elite force!

Ethan smirked slightly as he put away his phone.

Why should he withdraw? Why should he leave?

If it were before, he would've avoided anyone related to the Wilson family,but now... He had the confidence to face Mike head-on! This confidence naturally came from the bead and the mysterious aura that had just strengthened up today!

These strong assassins used to give him a headache, but now, it was uncertain who would win or lose!

Under the dark night, the eight assassins sneaked into the villa's backyard and checked the situation inside before quietly prying opening the front door.


At this moment, Mike and two of his men appeared at the entrance,pushing Tim along.

"Is he still inside?" Mike squinted and asked his subordinate.

His subordinate quickly reported, “After returning home, he's been staying inside the whole time without leaving. Moreover, that woman,Hannah,also came once and left shortly after!"

“You,take care of the young master, the rest of us will go in together!"Mike casually ordered before entering the villa.

He didn't think it was necessary to be cautious when dealing with Ethan.

Perhaps those eight infiltrators had already immobilized Ethan on the ground!

However, just as Mike's group reached the center of the courtyard, all the lights suddenly dimmed and plunged the entire place into darkness,as if there was a power outage!

Hannah's villa still had lights on next door, so it clearly wasn't the case.

"What's going on?" The sudden darkness surprised Tim, nervously asking in a trembling voice.

Mike couldn't help but show a look of disgust. This waste was actually the Wilson family's young master, truly a laughingstock!

“You watch the young master. Wait for me here!" He didn't bother with this waste and continued walking.
Without any light, only the faint moonlight filtered through the villa's front door into the living room.

Although it was dim, Mike's sharp gaze still cut through the darkness and instantly spotted four figures lying on the ground!
From the living room to the staircase, all four people were lying in the same direction, causing Mike's expression to change.
He didn't hear these four being handle. There were no movements from outside, and none of the thugs made any noise. Mike was surprised!

He was well aware of Ethan's strength, and it was impossible for him to silently take care of these eight people! Could there be someone else secretly helping him?

A faint sound came from upstairs.

Mike narrowed his eyes and walked up the stairs in that direction.
Along the way, he saw four other people, from the stairs all the way to the second-floor corridor.

All of them were motionless on the ground!
“Ethan, I really underestimated you. Since you've got back-up, then why are you being so secretive?" After confirming that all eight of his subordinates had failed, Mlike's face turned ugly as he coldly spoke in the dark, as if Ethan stood right in front of him.

As soon as said that, the villa's power was restored, and all the lights came back on.
With a stern expression, Mike turned around and saw Ethan standing at the other end of the corridor, looking at him with a faint smile.

He suspiciously asked, "Where are your helpers?" Ethan sneered contemptuously,"Would I need help dealing with them?Your followers are useless, getting knocked out by just one punch each.I didn't even put much effort into it!"

Once these eight men entered the villa, he had deliberately cut off the electric and turned the whole place dark.

With his current speed, it was as easy as pie to approach and strike these lackeys,especially in the dark. They neither had time to react nor could they see their companions, so Ethan annihilated them one by one within a matter of seconds.

For Ethan, they were just experiments, and the results were more than satisfactory.

“Are you saying you did all this?"

Mike's pupils widened, his rationality telling him it was impossible for Ethan to accomplish this!
Ethan sarcastically mocked,"Are you shocked by this? You were even worried that I had someone in the dark to ambush you. I'm really honored that someone the Wilsons have trained thinks so highly of me!"
“Do you think that by defeating these wastes, you can run from me? Last time you were lucky, but you won't be so fortunate this time!" Mike stared at Ethan maliciously, as if he wanted to decipher Ethan's expression.

However, after observing for a while, Mike was disappointed. He couldn't determine if Ethan was bluffing or not!
"Since you're so confident, then I won't stop you. I'll be waiting for you outside. If you're able to, come out and fight me!" Ethan's confidence and disdain completely bewildered Mike. Where did his arrogance come from?

However, he didn't have much time to ponder as Ethan directly went downstairs!

Was thisman really alone? How did he manage to do all of this? Even if his strength had improved in these few days, it couldn't have improved this rapidly, no?

He only silently took care of these eight lackeys, nothing more!

Suddenly, Mike's expression changed. He recalled that useless Tim was still at the villa's entrance!
###Chapter 83
As the villa's lights returned, Tim in the courtyard urgently ordered his men to push him inside.

However, Ethan suddenly appeared at that moment.

He paused for a moment when he saw Tim, who looked like a mummy sitting in a wheelchair. If he didn't look closely, he wouldn't have believed his eyes.

“Oh, it's just the Wilson family's arrogant and domineering young master!"

“Ethan! How'd you get out? Where's Mlike?”
At this moment, Tim wished he could twist and peel Ethan's tendons.However, he felt anxious as he didn't see Mike anywhere!

"I thought it was someone else. Anyway, since you've had this attitude from the start, I hope you never change!”
Ethan chuckled. He didn't expect his kick from last time to be so strong.Tim must've broken several bones when he landed!
“F*ck you, Ethan! Today, I won't let you live, nor will I let you die!" Tim angrily cursed, but he only got Ethan's dumbfounded look.

Just then, Mike suddenly jumped from the balcony and landed,standing between the two.

"Why would you jump off when there's a proper way down? Are you that worried I'll kill this idiot?" Ethan squinted his eyes as he saw Mike,asking in a casual tone.

Mike coldly said, "Just you? Stop dreaming!”
"Is that so? Then let mne see if you can match up to your words!" Ethan snorted, rushing fiercely toward Tim as soon as he finished speaking. His speed was so fast that a normal person wouldn't be able to react in time! However, Mike was standing between him and Tim.

“You're asking for it!"

Mike's face turned cold. Amazed by Ethan's speed, he was also infuriated.He threw a punch toward the other party.

The moment their fists clashed, tremendous force erupted from the recoil.

Accompanied by crackling sounds from their joints, Mike took three steps back, while Ethan retreated more than a dozen steps before finally standing pale-faced and steady.

"You were hiding your strength all along?" Although Mike remained composed, his eyes flickered with uncertainty!

The strength Ethan displayed far exceeded his expectations. If he left this man alone, Ethan might become unbeatable one day!

“Believe what you want. Why should I answer you?" Ethan's face turned ugly as he coldly snorted, feeling the energy in his body churn as it suppressed the impact Mike caused.

This clash made him realize the gap between his and the enemy's strength without any energy!

The result wasn't hard to accept. At least, he had some self-defense power in front of Mike!
It also made him realize that defeating Mike couldn't be achieved head-on.He needed to make Mike lower his defenses and catch him off-guard!

"Hahaha! You really overestimate yourself, Ethan! Do you think you can fight against the Shadow Gang just because you learned some fighting skills? Let me tell you, you can't do anything except surrender in front of Mike. Now be smart and kneel down to apologize! Maybe I'll make your death quicker!" Seeing this situation, Tim laughed triumphantly,feeling a sense of revenge.

"What if I don't?”Ethan squinted his eyes, sneering coldly. “Still resisting, huh? Then I'll let Mike take care of you first,break each of your bones one-by-one, and make you beg for life and long for death!After I'm done toying with you, I'll personally slaughter you!" Tim's eyes reddened, gritting his teeth. The bandages on his face concealed his hideous expression.
“Then lethim try. If he fails, I'll be the first one to deal with you,just like you said earlier!" Ethan replied dismissively with a light grunt.

At this moment, Hannah heard the commotion from the neighboring villa.She ran over, apparently alarmed by the noises!
"Stop! Who are you people? I've already called the police, and they'll arrive soon if you don't leave!" her sudden appearance surprised Mike and the others, and even Ethan was also taken aback. This foolish woman was risking her life by rushing out like this!

Seeing the situation, Tim sneered unpleasantly,“Calling the police? What a joke. Try asking the cops if they'd dare intervene in the Wilson family's affairs! Ethan, I never thought you would stoop so low as to rely on a foolish woman to stand up for you. However, I must say that she is quite stunning. I envy you!"
Ethan warned Hannah,“Why are you here? Go back quickly! Calling the police won't work against these people. They wouldn't even dare to come!"


Hannah insisted stubbornly, “No, I can't just stand by and watch you in trouble!”

“What a joke. Once you're here, you won't be able to leave! Ethan, since you don't want to kneel down for me, should I just grab this woman and let my boys play with her? When they're done, I'll sell her into slavery.What do you say?" Tim smirked darkly, as if he had control over everything. On the other hand, Mike was disgusted by Tim's method of using a woman to threaten Ethan, but he could only frown in silence. He didn't want to stoop to such low measures! “You can try. I'll send you straight into a coffin!" Ethan retorted with a cold look, while Hannah's face turned pale.

“I'm indeed surprised by your strength, but you'restill no match for me!Ethan, persisting against me isn't a wise choice; you'll only bring harm to others!" Mike warned with narrowed eyes. His target was solely Ethan;he had no intention of harming others,especially a woman!

“It's too late to regret now. Mike, you said the Miller family's people were off-limits, so do you have no objections if I mess with this one? You twO,go and get that woman for me!" Without any hesitation,Tim arrogantly commanded his two henchmen behind him.


Mike's face immediately darkened, but even though he wasn't pleased with Tim's order, he could only remain silent.

Upon hearing Mike's silence, the two men quickly moved toward Hannah.

"You're really asking for it!" Ethan's face suddenly changed, immediately shielding Hannah.

Perhaps he wasn't Mike's match, but he was more than enough to deal with these two men.


Before the two guys reached Hannah, Ethan grabbed one of the two's arms and pulled him back, while he kicked the other one away!

Then, Ethan followed-up with a punch to the other man's right in front of him. He easily defeated both men, confirming to Mike that everything in the villa was indeed his own doing, without anyone else helping him.

“You're the one asking for it here!" Mike immediately shouted and rushed toward Ethan, his speed leaving no room for Ethan to react.

With Hannah's scream, Ethan could only instinctively sense the danger,his face contorting.
###Chapter 84

Defending himself, Ethan looked disheveled.

Mike's powerful and heavy blow instantly knocked him out, making him fall heavily to the ground 7-8 meters away!

A mouthful of blood instantly gushed out from his throat, causing Ethan's face to turn pale. Obviously, he suffered a severe internal injury!

“Ethan!” Hannah exclaimed, her eyes wide as she was about to rush over.

“Don't come!” Ethan covered his chest and immediately rebuked her.

“Ethan, I told you that I wouldn't let you live or die! I'll have you watch your woman being played by countless men, then I'll kill you! Mike, what're you still standing there for?" Tim suddenly burst into laughter and shouted at Mike.


During his time in the hospital, he had constantly been fantasizing about this moment. Now that everything was about to become a reality,his twisted hatred erupted all at once.

"Ethan, don't blame me for being heartless. This is the price for not reading the current situation!" Mike now confirmed that Ethan was no longer a threat, walking toward him step-by-step!

“Is that so? You really think you have the upper hand?" Ethan looked at Mike's approachingfigure suddenly revealing a strange smile. “Unfortunately, I won't accept that."

As soon as Mike heard this, his eyelids twitched. Just as he was about to grab Ethan's shoulder, an extremely dangerous feeling suddenly surged from his heart.

He instinctively wanted to withdraw his hand, but it was already too late.

Ethan unexpectedly moved, directly grabbing Mike's wrist. In that instant,a massive force surged into his body through his arm. "No,impossible! How did you..." Mike was completely shocked. Despite that, the invading force in his body was like ice, freezing his meridians and rendering him nearly immobile. He couldn't resist.

"There's nothing that's impossible!" Ethan chuckled lightly and kicked Mike's abdomen without any hesitation.

Mike groaned instantly, flying backward and heavily landing outside the courtyard.

“Mike! What're you doing? You actually got sent flying by that useless Ethan?" Tim couldn't believe his eyes, and he began to shout in madness.He grimaced as his body movements worsened his injuries.

"You... You actually developed superpowers!" Mike spat out blood, staring at Ethan in astonishment.

Ethan's heart fluttered. This was the first time he had heard of the term superpowers.' Was this related to that energy?

“You better get up anad kill him for me!"

Tim angrily yelled at Mike, but at this moment, Mike's face was pale as even getting up seemed extremely difficult!

“Don't count on him! He's incapable of doing anything right now; he can't even to protect you!" Ethan sneered. His previously pale face was rapidly recovering, and he seemed much more energized.

“Ethan, are you alright?" Hannah finally sighed in relief and quickly went forward to support Ethan's arm.

Ethan waved his hand at her and then withdrew his arm,slowly walking toward Tim!


"W-What're you going to do? Don't come over! If something happens to me,you're dead meat! My grandfather will definitely not let you off!"

Tim truly panicked this time. If even Mike wasn't a match for Ethan,then wouldn't it be as easy as squashing an ant for Ethan to kill him? Ethan chuckled coldly,“At this point, you're still trying to threaten me?You think I'd spare you, and then wait for you to return and kill me?”

“No... As long as you spare me, I promise I'll immediately return to the Wilsons and never be your enemy again!" Tim repeatedly shook his head,assuring Ethan.

"Is that so? I don't believe you!" Ethan sighed helplessly. He was also hesitating whether or not to really kill Tim along with Mike!

He was well aware that if he did so, it would be a clear war declaration against Brady!

Previously, Brady might've only schemed against him in secret, but now he would likely eliminate him directly!

Mike reminded with clenched teeth,"Ethan,you could kill him now, but I guarantee that the people around you will be affected by your actions.I know that old man Jayden has already fled the country, but do you think I can't catch him? I just hate to do so! Not to mention the woman by your side and that girl from the Millers, you'll drag them all in!"

Ethan's face darkened as he heard this, "You actually reminded me.Since that's the case, don't you think I should just silence both of you forever?"

“Ethan,stop!”

At that moment, a voice suddenly came from outside the courtyard.

Before long, Beverly arrived at the scene with a large group of the Wilson family's henchmen.

“It's you?” Ethan didn't expect this woman to suddenly appear!

In his impression, although Beverly was unreasonable, she wasn't malicious and had never harmed him before!


Beverly unquestionably said, “Surprised? Look, you can't touch them!Today's matters end here." “Beverly! Quickly have someone kill him, kill Ethan! I want him dead!"Tim didn't wait for Ethan to speak and angrily shouted at Beverly.

When he saw Beverly's large group, he immediately forgot the panic he had just now. HIis boundless anger toward Ethan reignited once again!

Unfortunately, Beverly paid no attention to his words. Her eyes were fixed on Ethan as she said,“You were able to defeat Mike, which truly surprises me. However, you should know that with your limited strength, it's still far from enough!"

Ethan felt a stir in his heart and smiled, "I have a question. Did you come here to collect my corpse,or theirs?"

"I only want to save people!" she said to him with a complex expression.

She was initially here to save Ethan, but she didn't expect the tables to have turned!


“Alright, I'll spare them for you. However, if this guy dares to trouble me again, I won't give them another chance! You better tell the Wilsons to keep a close eye on their young master."

Ethan remembered the previous message that told him to leave,realizing something. He agreed to spare these two for now.

"Send them back!" Beverly sighed in relief,immediately instructing her subordinates.

Mike and Tim were quickly escorted away, as if they were afraid that Ethan would suddenly change his mind.

"There are eight more men inside; carry them away as well. I don't have time to clean up!"

Ethan said indifferently, walking into the villa without even looking back.

Seeing this, Hannah quickly followed!

As she watched his receding figure, Beverly's eyes were complicated.
Tonight's events completely exceeded her expectations, and she had to admit that she was astonished by Ethan's methods.

How many secrets was this man still hiding?
###Chapter 85

When everyone from the Wilsons had retreated and the villa returned to its initial tranquility, Hannah finally eased up a bit.

She took a medical kit from her house to check Ethan's injuries, but to her surprise, he had no external wounds!

“Enough, you don't need to do anything. I was only deceiving that guy earlier; he isn't strong enough to harm me." Ethan understood the mysterious aura's power well, not explaining much to Hannah.

Hannah asked Ethan with a concerned look, "Aren't all of you from the same family? why would they treat you like this?”

"In the end, it's all because of greed. I don't want to talk about the Wilson family; let's talk about you instead. You saw that the Wilsons and I are now  fighting each other toe-to-toe. I know the Wilson family is just a rumor to you, but what you saw earlier is only a small part of it! If you're worried about getting dragged into this, we can end our previous cooperation." Ethan sighed and then changed the subject to remind her.

“What do you take me for? If I was afraid of that, I wouldn't have come here just now!" she immediately showed her dissatisfaction, furrowing her eyebrows as he said that.

"Aren't you afraid of the Wilson family?" Ethan examined Hannah.

“Of course, I am! Even before I met you, I didn't mnuch about them, only that they're behind Cloud Group! However, I have my principles when doing things, and I have confidence in you!" Hannah earnestly explained.She didn't know where her confidence came from. Perhaps from the sense of security Ethan gave her with his previous actions?

Although she was a powerful woman in the business world,a failed marriage had left her feeling extremely insecure. The safety she desired seemed to be with this man!


"You should return first and quickly finalize your partnership with Beckett.I believe that soon the Wilsons will come after me, and they won't spare your company either!” Ethan glanced at Hannah for a moment and told her seriously.

“Are you really alright?" she still had some concerns, but with his insistence, she could only go home with the medical kit.

For Hannah, this night might be a sleepless one.

It was also the same for Brady and even the entire Wilson family.

Just returning to the ward, Tim angrily asked when he saw Beverly walk in,“Beverly, why didn't you kill Ethan just now? Are you colluding with that bastard we exiled?”


“I'm warning you, Tim. I'm not your subordinate! Don't forget that I saved you just now!" her face was cold as she straightforwardly reminded him without any politeness.

“I was just curious,why did you let him go...”

"Why did you let that guy escape!” Tim realized that his tone was off and forced himself to speak properly, suppressing the anger in his heart.

She responded disdainfully,“It's nothing strange. After all, even Mike is no match for him. Do you think my men could do anything to Ethan?”

Hearing this, Tim immediately lost his temper because she was stating the truth!


"This Mike, he even has the nerve to call himself a master. I think he's just a waste!" Angry with nowhere to vent, Tim immediately directed his fury toward MMike.


"If it weren't for him, you would've been dead by now! You better stay put and not provoke Ethan again. Otherwise, I won't be able to save you next time!” Beverly warned before turning and leaving.

"Where are you going?”Tim quickly asked.

“I'm going to call Elder Brady. I need to report tonight's events to him!” Beverly said and left without looking back.
###Chapter 86

"Just you wait, Ethan! One day, I'll make you kneel before and beg me for death! I just can't let you go like this, it's impossible!" Tim coldly yelled,his eyes gleaming with malice as he watched Beverly disappear through the door.

At the same time, Mike was lying in the hospital bed. He was on the phone with Brady.

"You're saying he actually got a superpower?” Brady's breathing noticeably hitched upon hearing Mike's report, extremely shocked.

"That's right. Moreover, it's quite strange, being cold as ice! I've never seen or heard of such a strange superpower before. Do you know anything about it,Great Elder?”


Frowning, Mike recalled the sensation of the chilly energy entering his body, his eyes filled with fear.

Brady immediately dismissed Mike's speculation, “Impossible! How can there be a distinction between cold and hot in superpowers? I've never heard of such a thing either!"

Mike hurriedly said,“Then, what about the chills I felt? Moreover, I've been suspecting if Ethan has a master assisting him. He couldn't have grown so rapidly without someone teaching him!"

Brady was silent for a moment on the other end before calmly saying,“It seems I underestimated him. I didn't expect him to be so troublesome! If he really does have a master, then the icy aura you mentioned earlier shouldn't be from Ethan himself."

Brady's words shook Mike's heart. "Are you suggesting that someone let these signs in his body?”

"Find a way to figure it out. If there really is such a person, you must find them for me!" Brady's tone was unquestionable.

"But my current condition...” Mike was bitter. He never expected Ethan to defeat him!

Brady sighed, “Forget it, I'll just make different arrangements. You get some rest and bring Tim back to me!"

Seeing him still worry about his grandson's condition, Mike sighed.“What about Cloud Group?" Mike reminded with a furrowed brow.

Brady said before ending the call,“Let Beverly take over. You guys don't need to worry about a thing; just return Tim to me!"

Overnight, Cloud Group changed hands again, and Beverly took over as the new chairman. The next day, newspapers and television news were flooded with reports of this, which infuriated Tim who was still in the hospital. After recovering for a night, Ethan's injuries had healed, but he noticed that the mysterious energy had grown stronger. As he sat in the living room while eating a bowl of noodles and watching the news, he saw the news of Cloud Group's chairman changing again.

“Beverly, was it really you who secretly informed me?" his eyes narrowed as he saw Beverly's image on TV screen during the press conference. At that moment, his phone suddenly rang with a call from Chloe.

"Chloe,why are you calling me so early?" he couldn't help but smile as he answered.


“Ethan,have you seen the news? Cloud Group changed their chairman again!” Chloe's voice echoed from the other end.

Ethan reminded with a laugh, “I'm watching it right now. It doesn't really make a difference to me, so there's no need to overreact!"


"I'm at the Harris family's house right now, and you should come over as well. Old Master Harris wants to have lunch with you today!" Chloe suddenly changed the topic,her tone joyful and excited. Ethan was surprised. It had only been one night, but Clarence already resolved his issue? “Alright then, wait for me. I'll be there soon!" Hedidn't have much time to think. Regardless of the situation, since Clarence was inviting him,he had to make this trip!
###Chapter 87

After tidying up, Ethan prepared to go to the Harris family's residence.But at that moment, Hannah appeared at his villa gate.

He asked as he opened the door,"Do you need anything?"

"The necklace you wanted is ready!" she glanced at his condition, relieved to see that he was energetic and didn't look like an injured person.

Taking the necklace, Ethan took the bead out and found it a perfect fit,inserting it into the necklace's base and putting the necklace on.

He smiled and nodded in satisfaction, "It's great! Thanks for the trouble."

Hannah asked."Are you leaving somewhere? Where are you going?I can give you a ride since I'm heading to the company!"

"Sounds good. I'll hitch a ride with you1 to Lakeside Villa Area!" Ethan accepted her offer without hesitation, smiling and nodding.

However, just like before, after he got in the car, he glanced in his villa's direction and immediately noticed that many withered leaves seemed to have fallen from the tree next to his window. The branches and twigs were almost entirely leafless!

Ethan had forgotten about this last time, and seeing it again piqued his curiosity. He decided to figure it out once he returned.

After about ten minutes, Hannah dropped him off at Lakeside Vlla Area's entrance. From a distance, he saw a graceful figure eagerly waiting for him at the roadside.


He unconsciously smiled. Hannah, who was driving, couldn't help but feel slight jealousy as she saw this scene. Perhaps a man like him could only be matched with an innocent, wealthy woman like that.

'Hannah, don't forget that you're already old, Why are you still indulging in such wishful thinking?' Forced a bitter smile, she started the car again and quickly left under Chloe's curious gaze.

Chloe immediately pouted and asked while upset, “Be honest with me,who was that beautiful girl in the car?"

Ethan teased,“You look like a jealous little pig right now. That's Hannah;she's just my business partner. I guess you could say I'm also her boss now! Anyway, didn't you say Old Master Harris is waiting for me? Let's quickly go inside."

"You dare call me a pig? Have you ever seen one as cute as me? Moreover,are you calling me fat? I'll hit you!"

Chloe immediately swung her fists at Ethan, but the force she used felt more ticklish than painful, almost like playful banter.

The two of them playfully continued toward the villa district, occasionally catching envious looks from the security guards.

Just as they entered the Harris family's gate, they heard Clarence yelling coming from deep within the yard.

Ethan and Chloe stopped playing around anad glanced in the voice's direction.


Ethan finally remembered the matter at hand, asking in a low voice,“What's wrong with Old Master Harris? You arrived early, right? Did anything happen?”

"I don't know the details, but Sarah said that he apparently sent Alan and James to take over a small company in a very remote area overnight,Chloe explained,shaking her head.

Ethan sighed.Clarence was really still soft-hearted! It was clear Alan was the culprit behind the poisoning, though whether James was involved or not was still unclear. Nevertheless, a harsh punishment wouldn't have been surprising with such a serious matter. However, Ethan didn't expect them to merely be assigned to a remote area!
When they arrived in the backyard garden, they saw why Clarence was angry. Six trees he planted here had strangely withered!

“You forgot to water my babies these past few days, didn't you?" Clarence questioned a middle-aged servant, clearly quite upset about the dead trees.

“Grandpa, Ethan's here!" Standing at the side, Sarah was relieved and quickly notified Clarence.

Clarence looked at Ethan for a moment, his unpleasant expression softening slightly.

However, Ethan couldn't help but be focused on those withered trees, their appearance eerily similar to the tree in his villa yard!

"Old Master Harris, is the window on the second floor your room?"he raised his head and looked at the window directly above the tree,
furrowing his brows involuntarily.

His seemingly-random question puzzled the others.

Sarah answered for Clarence, "Yes, that's Grandpa's room.Why do you ask?”


“It's nothing. Seems like Old Master Harris treasures these trees a lot,"Ethan responded as if he had realized something, but he didn't explain further. It would be shocking to say certain things here, so it was best to keep quiet.

However,Clarence looked deeply at Ethan before chuckling.

He said,"Since you've arrived, come with me to the study. I have something to discuss with you privately.”

"You go chat with Sarah, and I'll have a conversation with the old master!"Ethan told Chloe before following behind Clarence.

Clarence's study was on the villa's 1st floor. After they entered, Clarence closed the door and motioned for Ethan to sit on the couch.
After sitting down, he went straight to the point,“Ethan,do you know why I called you here today?"

Ethan nodded with a smile, “I'm assuming you've already settled your matters.”


“You're indeed smarter than I thought. However, that's only part of it.What amazed me even more was the strength you displayed last night!"Clarence's deep gaze fixed onto Ethan.

Ethan was slightly surprised, but he quickly becamne relieved.“Old Master Harris is truly knowledgeable. I'm glad my performance last night didn't disappoint you!”

Clarence sighed and earnestly reminded, “It precisely shocked me! However,please don't blame me for being honest here; had you gone further last night, I wouldn't have intervened anymore. I can give you my life since I owe you it, but I can't risk my Harris family for you!”

Upon hearing this, Ethan burst into laughter. “I understand. So, have you made a decision?"


Clarence bluntly shook his head, "It's still too early to say. We both know how powerful the Wilson family is. Moreover, you're still too weak to stand against them!"
###Chapter 88

Ethan's countenance remained unfazed by Grandpa's words. There was no hint of disappointment in his eyes, only a nod of agreement. He was acutely aware of his current standing, his strength too feeble to confront the formidable Wilson family.

In a world where alliances were built on power, no one would lend a hand without reason. This was especially true for a family as influential as the Harris family.

Ethan had indeed saved Clarence's life, a fact he couldn't deny. Yet, in the grand scheme of these powerful families, human life was paradoxically the most precious and the most trivial of matters.

"But, I presume you didn't summon me here solely for a casual meal,correct?" Ethan inquired, his tone steady and calm.

Clarence didn't refute his assumption. Instead, he fell silent, taking a moment before exhaling a deep breath. "Alan and James have been dispatched from Novaria under my orders. I've left them with some assets.They won't set foot in Novaria again without my explicit command."

Ethan had already anticipated Clarence's intentions. He knew that to truly earn Clarence's support, he would need to prove his worth or endure a series of tests. He was prepared for Clarence to lay down the gauntlet.

"To be frank, I nearly fell into a trap set by my own son. Do you think I've grown soft?" Clarence asked, a bitter chuckle escaping his lips.

"I understand," Ethan responded, a knowing smile playing on his lips.

"Yes, he is my son after all. How could I bring harm to him? But the repercussions of this incident are far from over. Now, I require your assistance," Clarence finally stated his intentions.

"As long as it's within my capabilities, I will not hold back," Ethan assured him, without a hint of hesitation.


"Aren't you concerned that I might betray you?" Clarence queried, his interest piqued.

"Given my current predicament, which you are well aware of, do I have anything worth sabotaging?" Ethan retorted, his laughter echoing confidence.


"Indeed, you do. Don't sell yourself short. Your business acumen is what I value the most. If you can revive and expand the Cloud Group, I believe there won't be any ordinary obstacles you can't surmount," Clarence reminded himearnestly.

"So, you plan to test me in this regard?" Ethan's heart fluttered at the revelation.


"Alan confessed to being lured by the Seattle QU Group, leading him to resort to such deceitful tactics. He was previously overseeing the Harris family's business in Seattle. He seized the opportunity of my coma to hand over two plots of land, worth over five billion dollars, to the QU Group.I hope you and Sarah can journey to Seattle and help me reclaim these plots,or at least retrieve their equivalent value," Clarence finally laid out his conditions.

"The QU Group? I've heard they're a leading real estate company in Seattle,backed by a major financial group," Ethan recalled, his memory serving him well.


"Does that intimidate you?" Clarence asked, his gaze fixed on Ethan.

Ethan chuckled in response, "I fear no one, especially not in the business realm. If you're merely asking me to recover the Harris family's losses, give me a week or two. I assure you, the results will be satisfactory. The only condition is that the Harris family must comply with my arrangements without question."


Witnessing Ethan's confident demeanor, Clarence readily agreed, "No problem. You'll have full access to all the resources of the Harris family in Seattle. Sarah will be there to assist you, and you can have her execute any plans you deem necessary."

"Then, there's no problem," Ethan replied, an eyebrow raised, a confident smile tugging at the corner of his mouth. If Clarence wished to gauge his capabilities,he would present him with results that would undoubtedly leave him astounded.


In the austere confines of the Chairman's office at Cloud Group,department heads congregated before Beverly, their gazes cast downward.The atmosphere was palpable, heavy with tension and unspoken words.

Beverly sat ensconced behind her desk, financial reports clutched in her hands. Her countenance was a mask of fury. "In a matter of days, Cloud Group has suffered significant losses - key projects abandoned,substantial company assets depleted. Can anyone enlighten me as to how this happened?" she demanded.

A vice president, summoning his courage, ventured a response. His voice wavered as he spoke. "This isn't our doing. The blame lies with Tim's prior directives."

Beverly's ire surged at his words. "Are you suggesting that Tim orchestrated the downfall of Cloud Group?" She wouldn't put it past him,considering his lack of acumen.

"No, not at all," the vice president hastily clarified. "On his first day, Tim suspended all the regulations and systems implemented by Ethan. He also put a stop to all the collaborative projects Ethan had initiated, insisting they needed review. This naturally incensed our partners, and the daily operations of the group suffered as a result."

Another executive interjected, "Indeed, none of Ethan's rules were upheld,and Tim failed to implement any new ones. Ultimately, he ended up in the hospital, unable to manage the group's affairs. How is this any different from someone intentionally sabotaging Cloud Group?"

"Tim is more of a hindrance than a help!" Beverly's hand slammed down on the table, her anger palpable yet tinged with a sense of helplessness. Her sudden outburst sent a ripple of fear through the executives. They fell silent, their demeanors akin to startled birds, fearful that Beverly's wrath might be redirected towards them. "Enough," Beverly cut through the silence. "I don't care about past events.As of now, I am the Chairman of Cloud Group. I decree that from this day forward, you will adhere to the rules set by Ethan without question.Resume all suspended projects immediately and extend apologies to our partners. We must strive to get the group back on track as swiftly as possible." Beverly's gaze swept over the executives, their cautious expressions reinforcing her decision to not confront Tim. She couldn't stand by and watch Cloud Group, a testament to Ethan's hard work,be torn asunder from within.


A collective sigh of relief swept through the executives. "There's hope for the Cloud Group yet!" they murmured amongst themselves.

Upon their arrival, they had feared Beverly might align herself with Tim,spelling certain doom for the Cloud Group. But it seemed Beverly was making a more reasoned decision, far more so than Tim, who...

"His idiocy knows no bounds!" Beverly muttered to herself. Dismissing the executives, she moved towards the floor-to-ceiling window, her gaze lost in the sprawling cityscape. A sigh escaped her lips as she massaged her temples."Ethan, if only you weren't so stubborn. This is the best I can do to help you."
###Chapter 89

The Harris family's luncheon was a modest affair, comprised of only four members, devoid of any grandeur.

Ethan and Clarence occupied seats opposite each other, while the two women sat on either side. The meal was simple, consisting of six dishes and a soup, nothing overly lavish or gourmet.

It was evident that Clarence was a man of frugality in his everyday life.

"Think of it as a humble family feast. This is our usual fare. I hope you don't mind, Ethan," Clarence addressed Ethan, his smile warm and welcoming.

"Simple is good. It's the simplicity that brings the feeling of home," Ethan responded,ladling a spoonful of soup for Chloe. The gesture caused an involuntary blush to creep up her cheeks in front of the Harris family.

"Chloe,would you mind if I borrowed Ethan for a few days? I'd like him to accompany Sarah to Seattle. Would that be alright?" Clarence inquired,his smile still intact.

"Mr. Harris, you should be asking Ethan, not me. Besides, Ethan isn't an object to be borrowed," Chloe retorted, her cheeks flushing deeper.

"I'm asking you because I don't want you to accuse me later of running off with your sweetheart," Clarence jested, causing Chloe to become so flustered that she nearly dropped her utensils and fled the table!

"Enough, Grandpa. Chloe is a bit shy, so please stop teasing her! When are you planning to send us to Seattle?" Sarah interjected, coming to her friend's aid and steering the conversation back to the matter at hand. "I've already arranged for your plane tickets. You'll depart tomorrow morning at ten," Clarence informed Ethan. "That works for me!" Ethan readily agreed, oblivious to the reluctance flickering in Chloe's eyes. Following the meal, Grandpa retired to his room for a nap. Ethan took Chloe for a leisurely walk around the villa's yard. Chloe clung to Ethan's arm,leaning into him, her reliance on him almost total. Their impending separation hung in the air, and Chloe's affection for Ethan was palpable.

"You seem a bit off today. Are you unhappy about my trip to Seattle?"Ethan asked, noticing Chloe's preoccupied demeanor.

"Yes, especially since you're going with my beautiful best friend, Sarah. If you were to fall for her, I'd be devastated," Chloe confessed, her lips forming a pout.

Ethan chuckled, "Don't you trust me? Even if you don't trust me,shouldn't you trust your best friend?"

"Have you not heard that women need to be cautious?" Chloe retorted,feigning seriousness.

"So,you two have been talking about me behind my back? Why are you being cautious of me? Do you think I'm going to steal your man?" Sarah suddenly materialized behind them, her gaze fixed on Chloe with feigned suspicion.

"Yes, my man is quite a catch. Who knows if you've set your sights on him?" Chloe replied, her tone serious.

"Well, I hadn't considered it before, but now that you mention it, Ethan is quite attractive. Since neither of you are married, why not let me have a shot?" Sarah teased, her expression playful.

"How dare you, Sarah! I thought you were my best friend!" Chloe retorted,chasing after Sarah. Their playful scuffle filled the yard withlaughter and vitality. Ethan settled onto a bench in the yard, watching the two women frolicking before him. He couldn't help but think that this was the kind of life he yearned for. Ethan watched as Sarah fearlessly tickled Chloe, an inexplicable pang of jealousy gnawing at him. He yearned to cry out, "Release her and let her come to me!"

"Alright, alright, I won't tease you anymore! Your man can't take his eyes off you!" Sarah, seemingly fatigued, was the first to capitulate, playfully winking at Chloe.

Chloe huffed in response, "Well, let him look. I don't mind my man looking at me. But seriously, since you two are leaving together, please take good care of him!" Her playful demeanor quickly shifted to a more serious tone.
###Chapter 90


Sarah,seeing Ethan reclining with his eyes closed on a nearby bench,lowered her voice to a whisper,"Your words make me uncomfortable. If he's your man, shouldn't you be the one to take care of him? What do you think I am? I'm accompanying him to handle important matters, don't overthink it! Besides, I'm not his nanny!"

A bitter smile graced Chloe's enchanting face. "There are only two and a half months left, and then I must return. I would loveto take care of him in the future,but..."


Sarah fell silent, understanding her friend's helplessness. She knew the influence Ethan's family wielded. Wishing for Chloe and Ethan to be together was indeed a fanciful dream!

However, Chloe's desolate and helpless gaze was too much for Sarah to bear. She found herself comforting her, "We mustn't be so pessimistic. You should trust him. If he grows strongenough to confront the entire Wilson family, he might stand a chance against them!"

At these words, Chloe turned her gaze towards Ethan.

Sensing her stare, Ethan opened his slightly squinted eyes, flashed her a smile, and waved his hand.

"Alright, let's not talk about it anymore. If you truly are my best friend,then you must help me keep this secret. Even if I do leave, promise to take care of him for me!" Without waiting for Sarah's response, Chloe walked over to Ethan.


"Silly girl, why must you endure this? Life has dealt you an unfair hand.You two should never have met in the first place!" Sarah sighed,watching Chloe's retreating figure. Their conversation lingered in the air as Chloe's phone suddenly rang.Her eyes filled with reluctance as she glanced at the screen. "Ethan, I have to go." "Is Greg coming to pick you up?" Ethan immediately understood.

"Yes! Can you see me off?" Chloe nodded in affirmation.

They bid Sarah farewell and made plans to head to the airport together the next morning. Chloe left the Harris family villa with Ethan by her side.

Each encounter with Greg left Ethan with a sense of cold indifference and even hostility. Greg's strength seemed to surpass Mike's, yet he always seemed wary of Ethan. Why was that?

As Chloe's car disappeared around the corner, Ethan hailed a taxi and returned to the villa.


There were some things that didn't need to be investigated deeply at the moment. Although Ethan had accepted his relationship with Chloe, he was uncertain about their future.


After all, Chloe's identity was a significant factor, and Ethan found his desire to become stronger growing more urgent.

Previously, it was to uncover the truth behind his parents' accident, and now Chloe was added to the equation!


Back at the villa, Ethan's attention was drawn to the banyan tree in the yard. He went to examine it closely.

The main trunk of the banyan tree was sturdy. It was not an old tree, it was in its prime and shouldn't exhibit such signs of withering and lifelessness. The varying degrees of withering in the tree's canopy were peculiar,especially considering the behavior of the six trees at the Harris family villa earlier. Ethan became more convinced that the abnormalities in these plants were caused by the bead on his necklace! Otherwise, it wouldn't be possible for such similar incidents to occur both at his house and the Harris family's villa. This couldn't be a mere coincidence! However, this was only a hypothesis. Ethan began to ponder how he could prove his theory correct.
###Chapter 91

Ethan's gaze drifted towards Hannah's yard adjacent to his own,immediately drawn to the cluster of potted plants huddled against the garden wall. A spark of interest ignited in his eyes.

A half-hour later, Ethan found himself staring at a withered potted plant inside his room, a peculiar expression etched onto his face.

He had cut a wound into his own hand and conducted an experiment. As the wound healed, he noticed the once thriving seedling withering simultaneously.

This observation confirmed his hypothesis-the bead, while facilitating healing, adversely affected the nearby plants.

Ethan remained oblivious to the principle underlying this phenomenon,but his fascination with the bead's miraculous nature only grew.

After a moment of stunned silence, he shook his head, forcing a smile onto his face. "I've been too engrossed in these experiments. I'll have to explain this to Hannah later," he mused, wondering how Hannah would react upon discovering that her painstakingly nurtured roses had been mysteriously killed by his actions.

Would she deem him unreasonable?

Just then, his phone buzzed with a call from Jayden, who was currently overseas. "Jayden, stay put and don't worry about me! If necessary, I'll let you know what to do. For now, your task is to manage the offshore investment company for me. I've already instructed the person in charge there to cooperate with you," Ethan advised him earnestly. ′′Iunderstand. Your influence and the backing you have will undoubtedly sway Grandpa's perception of you! I believe it's necessary too. This time,we'll bring the Harris family over here!" Jayden immediately grasped Ethan's intention. "I've heard that the Cloud Group has changed its chairman again, this time to Beverly! Sir, what do you plan to do?" Jayden quickly diverted the conversation. ′′ItS's not that straightforward. Clarence is merely a distant relative. The Harris family in Novaria doesn't represent the Harris family in Houston.But this is still a good start for me!" Ethan seriously analyzed the situation "Evidently, the Cloud Group falling into Beverly's hands might not be detrimental. I initially planned to weaken the Cloud Group through a scheme,but now there's another possibility. Let's let this woman stir things up for a while!" Ethan's sentiments towards Beverly were rather complex.

She was one of the few third-generation Wilson family members who had aided him, despite occasionally seeming to oppose him. But she had never intended to harm him!


"I concur. Beverly has always been quite kind to you!" Jayden sighed in relief upon hearing Ethan's words.

However, certain things remained unspoken between them. The situation was still murky, and whether Beverly would turn out to be a friend or foe was yet to be seen.

Ethan briefly discussed the HIarris family's predicament and his strategy to confront the QU Group in Seattle.

"It's beneficial for you to maintain a cordial relationship with the Harris family. We should really thank Miss Miller for that! Sir, are you two..."Jayden had already inferred the nature of Ethan's relationship with Chloe from the narrative.


Ethan found himself at a loss for words and quickly redirected the conversation. "Jayden, when did you become so intrigued by gossip? I might need your assistance when I head to Seattle this time!"

"Tell me what you need!" Jayden responded promptly.

"I'll reach out once I evauate the situation there. To reclaim the Harris family's benefits from the QU Group, we'll need to employ some tactics.Since Mr. Harris is testing me, I want you to make your presence felt as much as possible!" Ethan reminded him sternly. before him.

"The fact that you can think like this proves that you have matured, and I can feel relieved! I wish you a smooth trip to Seattle!" Jayden expressed his relief.


After ending thecall with Jayden, Ethan glanced at the darkening sky and couldn't help but smile bitterly.
###Chapter 92

"It seems like being alone at home only warrants instant noodles!" he lamented. Apart from instant noodles, Ethan had barely stocked up on any other ingredients, and he didn't have the time to cook.However,when his stomach growled, he couldn't help but smile ruefully.

Fortunately, he had enjoyed a hearty meal at the Harris family's residence for lunch.


Just as Ethan was on the verge of satisfying his hunger with a bowl of instant noodles, the shrill ring of his phone echoed through the room. The call was from his neighbor,Hannah.

As the call connected, the distinct sound of rushing water filled his ear,prompting him to ask, "Miss Collins, what are you up to?"

"I've just finished work and cooked dinner. I was about to take a shower and then eat. Have you eaten yet? Would you like to come over and try my cooking? There are also some work matters I need to discuss with you!" Hannah's voice, usually brisk and businesslike, held a rare hint of languid charm.

Ethan was momentarily speechless. Was this woman really calling him from the shower?

Almost involuntarily, an image of Hannah's mature figure materialized in his mind.


"Alright, I'll be over in a few minutes!" Ethan responded, foregoing any formalities. He was leaving for Seattle the next day and had no idea how long he would be gone. It was only right to inform Hannah beforehand.

Five minutes later, Ethan exited his villa and rang the doorbell at Hannah's house. When Hannah emerged from the villa, Ethan felt a sudden urge to flee. Fresh from her shower, Hannah's wet hair hung loosely over her shoulders.She was clad in nothing but a silk nightgown, revealing a pair of smooth, fair legs. Pink slippers adorned her feet as she opened the door to welcome him.


"Miss Collins, couldn't you have changed into something more appropriate?" Ethan managed to stammer out, trying his best not to stare.

Hannah,amused by his discomfort, shrugged nonchalantly. She was accustomed to her routine of coming home, finishing chores,cooking dinner, and washing away the day's stress before settling down to eat.

She hadn't given her attire a second thought.

"Couldn't you change the way you address me? You can call me Hannah,and I won't call you boss, but Ethan. You always refer to yourself as the boss."


"Ifeel awkward, Miss Collins!" Ethan protested, but Hannah merely giggled in response.

Her laughter caused a noticeable movement in her chest. Was she really not wearing anything under her gown?

Quickly averting his gaze, Ethan took a seat on the sofa,suddenly regretting his decision to visit.

After fetching bowls and chopsticks from the kitchen, Hannah called out to Ethan, "Why are you sitting on the sofa? Come to the dining room. I've made two dishes and a soup. I'm not sure if they'll suit your taste, but please bear with it!" Her laughter echoed through the room as she watched him squirm.

"Hannah, didn't you mention you had something important to discuss?"Ethan finally took a seat at the dining table, his eyes darting around the room, deliberately avoiding Hannah. "Can't we eat first? I assume you're used to eating casually at home. Since I usually eat alone, why not join me for meals from now on?" Hannah served Ethan a bowl of rice, her smile warm and inviting. "Wouldn't that be too much trouble? I can manage with something simple at home, and I'm not home often anyway! I came here to tell you that I'm leaving for a trip tomorrow, and I'm not sure when I'll be back. Itcould be more than a week or even longer!" Ethan reasoned, thinking that if he had to face such a situation every day, he'd rather not come. It was simply too much for any normal man to handle.
###Chapter 93

Hannah stood, her eyes wide with surprise. "You're leaving on a trip?" she asked, her voice echoing in the quiet room.

Ethan nodded, his expression serious. "Yes, I have some matters to attend to in Seattle. Should you need anything, you can reach me by phone," he explained, his tone steady and reassuring.

Hannah paused for a moment, her mind racing.′′Isee...well, I mainly asked you here to inform you that the president visited the company today.
We discussed the specifics of our collaboration. If all goes according to plan,we should sign the contract as soon as possible. I'm considering offering him a 20% stake, as an investment in his expertise. We'll leave the jewelry design and manufacturing to him in the future," she said, wisely choosing not to question Ethan's sudden departure and instead focusing on the matter of Beckett.


Ethan listened attentively, his gaze thoughtful. "As for the company matters, you should make the decisions. After all, I'm merely an investor.The management and decision-making should be in yourhands," he said,his voice firm. His attention couldn't be solely on a jewelry company,so he had no plans to involve himself in the management or decision-making.He would, however, provide necessary assistance to Hannah whenever she needed it.


Hannah couldn't help but smile, a hint of bitterness tinging her expression."I can see that you only want to maintain a stake and don't wish to involve yourself in the company's affairs. Are you trying to exhaust me?"she asked, her tone light despite the serious question.

Ethan met her gaze, his expression sincere. "If there's anything you need from me, don't hesitate to ask. I'll do my best to assist you," he assured her. Hannah nodded, her expression earnest. "I saw this suit and thought it would suit your temperament. I usually see you in casual wear, but if you have to attend public events in the future, you should dress formally. After all, you are a major shareholder in our company,and I have to consider the company's image," she explained, anticipating Ethan's potential refusal. Hannah nodded, a small smile playing on her lips. "Well then, I won't hesitate to ask for your help if the need arises. Now that we've discussed the important matters, let's eat. I'm curious to see if my cooking suits your taste," she said, changing the topic and urging Ethan to eat.Ethan complied, eating so much that he felt uncomfortable lifting his head for Ethan was about to decline, but her words gave him pause. "Thank you, more than a few seconds. After a few more bites, he declared himself full and ready to leave.

Hannah watched Ethan, her interest in him growing. Unable to resist,she playfully approached him, a mischievous smile on her face. "Why do I get the feeling that you're afraid of me? Are you scared that I'll eat you?" she teased, her voice barely above a whisper.

Her nightgown had a low neckline, and as she bent over, it revealed more than it should have. Ethan quickly turned his head away, but not before noticing that the woman was indeed topless!

Hannah had only intended to tease Ethan, but now she realized she had unintentionally exposed herself. Her face flushed wwith embarrassment, and she mentally berated herself for her carelessness.

"I... I need to return home and pack my things. We're leaving early tomorrow," Ethan quickly excused himself, eager to escape the awkward situation.


Hannah hurriedly instructed Ethan to wait for her as she rushed upstairs to change her clothes. Ethan watched her go, his gaze suspicious, but he couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief once she was out of sight.

A few minutes later, Hannah returned, now dressed in a white dress and holding a paper bag with an Armani label.

"I bought a suit for you while I was shopping today. Try it on and see if it fits," she said, handing the bag to Ethan.

Ethan looked taken aback. "You bought clothes for me?" he asked,his voice filled with surprise. but I usually dress more casually. Comfort is what matters to me. You don't have to buy clothes for me anymore," he said, his tone gentle yet firm.
###Chapter 94

Hannah hesitated for a moment before changing the subject. "By the way,that girl today... is she your girlfriend?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.

Ethan nodded, confirming her suspicions. "Yes, we just made it official. If there's nothing else, I should leave now," he said, bidding her farewell.

As Ethan's figure disappeared from view, Hannah couldn't help but smile bitterly. She knew she had no right to ask for it- the sense of security Ethan provided probably wasn't meant for her.

Upon returning to his abode, Ethan immediately sought relief from the sweltering heat that clung to his skin, immersing himself in the cool embrace of a shower. His gaze fell upon the suit that Hannah had gifted him,and curiosity piqued, he decided to try it on. To his surprise,it fit him perfectly, as though tailored for him.

After packing a couple of changes of clothes, Ethan gave the suit another admiring glance before placing it carefully in his compact suitcase. Heeding Hannah's advice, he anticipated the possibility of needing it during their impending visit to Seattle.


As dawn broke, Ethan, armed with his suitcase, hailed a taxi to the lakeside villa district. Chloe and Sarah were already stationed by the roadside,awaiting his arrival. The vehicle designated to transport them to the airport was a familiar one, the same that had previously collected Chloe.However, this time, only a youthful driver was present, with no trace of Greg. Ethan, wisely refraining from probing, noticed Chloe's reluctance mirrored in her eyes. He reached out, taking her hand in his, and offered her a few comforting words.

"Alright, I'll claim the front passenger seat, leaving the back entirely to you two. Feel free to engage in a heart-to-heart. Let's not dawdle and get in the car," Sarah proposed, her gaze lingering on the affectionate pair, a hint of helplessness seeping into her tone.
Suddenly, a commotion on the roadside snapped Chloe back to reality. "Stop the car! Now!" Recognizing one of the wwomen amidst the crowd,Chloe instructed the driver without hesitation. Throughout the journey to the airport, Chloe and Ethan exchanged pleasantres, with Chloe reminding Ethan to prioritize his wellbeing and The car came to a halt at theroadside, and Chloe stepped out. Her r mind at ease?" Ethan responded, his hand gently squeezing Chloe's as he pledged with a smile.

"I'll hold you to that promise! I'll be eagerly awaiting your calls every day!"Chloe retorted, her laughter ringing out before she nestled her head onto Ethan's shoulder.


"I believe it's time you two ceased this public display of affection!" Sarah,seated in the front, couldn't resist teasing them, feigning annoyance.

"Isuspect you're simply envious!" Chloe shot back nonchalantly.The two women then engaged in playful banter, leaving Ethan caught between laughter and melancholy.

Before crossing the threshold of the security checkpoint, Ethan found himself unable to resist the sight of Chloe's reluctance. He pulled her into a warm embrace,pressing a tender kiss to her smooth forehead. "Wait for me," he implored.

"I'll be waiting," Chloe responded, her nod vigorous.

"Don't fret, I'll ensure your beloved is well taken care of!" Sarah reassured Chloe earnestly.

As Chloe watched the pair disappear into the waiting area, she turned to leave. The smile that had graced her features gradually faded,replaced by a sense of helplessness and bitterness.

During her journey back to the city, Chloe found herself lost in thought,her gaze drifting over the cityscape outside the window. Ethan's image was vivid in her mind, yet he seemed to be receding further and further from her reach. suspicions were confirmed as she spotted two women being accosted by a group of men. A flicker of conflict crossed her features; the women in question were none other than Ethan's ex-wife, Sharon, and her mother,Gabriella.
###Chapter 95

"Miss, do you know them?" The driver, stepping out of the vehicle, cast a curious glance towards the two distressed women.

Chloe had utilized the Miller family's extensive intelligence network to gather information on Sharon after Greg's appearance. Now, confronted with the very woman she had investigated, Chloe felt an urge to deny any recognition and retreat. However, witnessing the harsh treatment Sharon and her mother were subjected to, a wave of sympathy washed over her."Very well, just this once. I'll intervene on your behalf, for Ethan's sake,"she resolved.


In the end, Chloe found herself approaching Sharon and her mother,aware that Ethan would not stand idly by if he were to witness such a scene. After all, Sharon was once his wife.

As Chloe neared, Sharon's indignant voice pierced the air. "What on earth do you want from us?"

"What do we want? Your mother is in debt to us for over three hundred thousand dollars from her gambling, and we haven't seen a penny in over a week! If we don't get our money today, you both are coming with us!"The leader of the group, a young man with a threatening demeanor,barked at Sharon.


"Mom! How many times have I warned you against gambling? Remember when you promised to quit after pawning the three pieces of jewelry Ethan gifted me? You swore you would stop! We once had a modest fortune, and now youI've gambled it all away! We're being hounded for debts in the streets!" Sharon's voice was laced with despair as she turned to Gabriella. "I was merely trying my luck. How can you place all the blame on me?I did it for your future!" Gabriella's defense only served to deepen Sharon's bitterness. How had she ended up with such a mother? If her ex-husband had been a nobody, she could have coped. But upon discovering his true identity, instead of luxuriating in wealth, she was left with a divorce. Now, her mother's gambling addiction had driven her to desperation.

Chloe,having overheard their conversation, quickly grasped the situation.She silently berated the mother and daughter, believing they had brought this upon themselves.


"Enough with the tears. If you can't pay up, you're coming with me. You're both decent looking, why not compensate us with your bodies?" The young man's lecherous gaze fell on Sharon, his intentions clear. He was about to signal his men to seize them.

Sharon and Gabriella's screams for help echoed through the air,their pleas falling on deaf ears.

The bystanders dared not intervene, well aware of the reputation the casino gangsters held. Ordinary people couldn't afford to cross them,so they could only observe from a safe distance.

"Stop!" Chloe's voice cut through the chaos.

"You're quite a looker, aren't you? Fancy joining me? Or perhaps you're acquainted with these two and wish to assist them?" The leader's eyes gleamed at the sight of Chloe, his sinister intentions amplified.

"How dare you! Show some respect to the lady!" The driver, having caught up, roared in fury. Before the young man could react, he landed two swift slaps across his face,leaving him stunned.

"What do you think you're doing?"

"Who do you think you are? Daring to interfere with HS Casino's business?
" The young man, regaining his senses, stared at the driver and Chloe in disbelief. Sensing they were not ordinary people, he quickly divulged his
affiliation in an attempt to intimidate them. "Take your men and leave at once! If you don't, I won't just beat you, I'll bring down your casino boss!" The driver scoffed, casually opening his suit jacket to reveal a hint of a firearm to the young man. At a single glance, the young man's eyes fell upon the gun strapped to the
driver's waist. His expression morphed instantly, his face paling as recognition dawned.


"Quick, let's go!" Without a moment's hesitation, he scrambled into the car,his subordinates in tow, and they sped off into the distance.
###Chapter 96

In the wake of their sudden departure, Sharon and Gabriella were left in a state of shock. Their faces were a mirror of their gratitude towards Chloe and the driver, who had saved them from the unexpected assault.

"Tha... thank you!" Sharon finally managed to stutter out, her voice shaky but sincere as she expressed her gratitude towards Chloe.

"Don't thank me, thank Ethan instead!" Chloe replied, her face devoid of any emotion.


The mere mention of Ethan's name caused a visible shift in Sharon and Gabriella's expressions. Sharon's face was a mask of shock, her mind struggling to process the information, while Gabriella's eyes lit up with excitement.


"Do you know Ethan? What's your relationship with him? Do you know where he is right now?" Gabriella bombarded Chloe with questions,her voice tinged with anticipation.

"Why are you looking for him?" Chloe countered, her expression turning wary.

"We... It's my daughter. She is Ethan's wife. They had a disagreement before, so she wants to explain things to Ethan in person. Can you take us to find Ethan, please?" Gabriella quickly explained, gesturing towards Sharon.


"Mom, don't beg her!" Sharon's face twisted in anger. If there was someone she despised the most at this moment, it was undoubtedly Ethan.She was convinced that her current predicament was a direct result of his heartless actions. Gabriella hushed her voice and retorted angrily, "You're being foolish! We ended up in this situation because of Ethan. Don't you want to take matters into your own hands? This company might be Ethan's, not to mention that woman mentioned getting those three things back. Those are our things, don't you want them?" "Are you stupid? You and Ethan are married. It's just a fight, not something that can't be resolved! Besides, we don't even have a place to stay now. Are you going to let me sleep on the streets with you?" Gabriella chastised Sharon, her voice heavry with frustration. Chloe, upon hearing this, fel a pang of sympathy."Alright, both of you, come with me." She offered, then turned and climbed into the passenger seat,leaving the back seat for the mother and daughter.

"Hurry up and get in!" Gabriella, elated, quickly pulled a reluctant Sharon into the car.


Chloe directed the driver to head straight to her company. Throughout the journey, Gabriella attempted to butter up Chloe with flattery,but Chloe paid her no mind. Finally, irked, she asked, "Earlier, Sharon mentioned that you pawned something at the casino that Ethan gave her. Is that true?11


"...Yes! I had no other choice!" Gabriella admitted, her voice laced with embarrassment.


"As for the item, I can help you retrieve it, but you have to tell me everything honestly," Chloe stated calmly, her gaze fixed on Gabriella.

"Don't you have a place to stay? Here are a few thousand dollars for you to find a place to live. When we arrive at my company, Sharon will familiarize herself with everything and work there.When Ethan comes back, I will let him personally resolve this matter!" Chloe casually pulled out a wad of cash from her bag and handed it to Gabriella.

It wasn't that she was overly generous, but she felt that Ethan needed to confront this issue himself. She didn't want him to harbor any future regrets or grudges.

Gabriella was ecstatic at this proposition and showered Chloe with thanks.

Soon, they arrived at Chloe's company. After exiting the car, Sharon pulled Gabriella aside and scolded her for trying to ingratiate herself with Chloe and agreeing to work at the company. Hearing this, a spark of determination ignited in Sharon's eyes. Gabriella's words made her realize that this could be her opportunity to exact revenge on Ethan!


She wasn't seeking his forgiveness, that was certain!

She was merely finding a way to retaliate!

She wanted to strip Ethan of everything and leave him with nothing!
###Chapter 97


After a short flight, Ethan and Sarah arrived at Seattle International Airport, over 2,000 miles away.

After getting off the plane, they saw that the Harris family was already waiting at the exit. They were accompanied by Evander, Shine Group's vice president.

Sarah greeted and introduced Ethan, “Evander, let me introduce you. This is Ethan Wilson, whom my grandfather invited to deal with the QU Group crisis.Please give him your full support in his work!"

"Nice to meet you, Mr. Wilson!" Evander quickly shook hands with Ethan and politely greeted him.

The news of Ethan being expelled from the Wilsons and Cloud Group's ownership being changed had already spread throughout the upper echelons of the business world.


"Nice to meet you too!" Ethan thought to himself that Evander was indeed a cunning person.

After exchanging greetings, the look in his eyes indicated that he knew what should not be said,yet he still managed to convey his intended meaning.

People like him best understood people's intentions and knew how to handle things. In terms of speech and demeanor, Ethan gave him a high score. "Miss Harris, Mr. Wilson, please follow me. We've prepared a welcome banquet for you." Evander said as he led the way. "Mr. Wilson, we've already booked the hotel for both of you. It's already noon, so please have a meal first. Afterward, I'll tell you the situation regarding QU Group!" Evander, being a rational man, went straight to the point after exchanging pleasantries. Ethan and Sarah had no objections, following him and the others out of the airport terminal.

QU Group was the leading enterprise in Seattle's real estate industry and has been established for twenty years. It was well-known throughout the city.

The chairman, Frank, made his first fortune thirty years ago by selling goods as a street vendor, and then gradually developed QU Group from a small company into a commercial legend with a market value of billions today.

This was the information Ethan found online before arriving.

He wasn't sure how accurate it was, as various signs during QU Group's rapid development phase ten years ago indicated that there were people supporting Frank in the dark and driving the company's comprehensive rise.


Regardless, Frank's abilities were worthy of recognition. Otherwise, even if he had a backer, he would need some value first to be supported!

QU Group's Tower was one of the landmark buildings in downtown Seattle. All the way from the airport to the city, Ethan could see the company's towering skyscraper in the core commercial district, luxurious and dazzling.

In Frank's office at the building, he was currently reviewing information regarding the government's plans for a new business district. It was something they had to be aware of in real estate.

At this moment, his son, Louis, pushed the door open and said,“Dad,I just received news that the Harris family's people have arrived in Seattle. It seems to be Sarah, Clarence's granddaughter and Nathaniel's daughter.Nathaniel is the family's second son!"
On the other hand, Ethan and Sarah had just arrived at a five-star hotel in the city. They dropped off their luggage in the two presidential suites they booked and then went to the restaurant for lunch with Evander. Frank's eyebrows furrowed,closing the file as he scolded in dissatisfaction, "You're always so lax. Don't you know to knock before entering?" "I was in a hurry! The Harris family sent some people over this time, and "This hotel is the closest  to our group's headquarters,being only a few it's most likely due to those two pieces of land!?" Louis said,looking frustrated.


"Do they not have anyone left? They actually sent a woman over to snatch our goods. Is that possible? Even if Clarence came in person, it would still be useless. What's there to be worried about?" Frank coldly laughed,showing his disdain and strong confidence in his words.

"However, Sarah is accompanied by a young man. We took two photos of him from afar when we trailed Evander to the airport. I've already sent someone to investigate that man's background.”

Louis placed two photos on Frank's desk and said, “Look!"

Frank glanced at them, his eyes widening in surprise. "So, the Harris family teamed up with the Wilsons, huh? When did that happen?"

“Dad, who is he?” Louis was intrigued and suddenly remembered something.“Wait, are you saying he's the business genius who was kicked out of Cloud Group some time ago?"

Frank< chuckled lightly, making his decision. “What business genius? He's just an arrogant young man. Since the Harris family has made a move, we should naturally respond. Have someone watch over their activities,especially Ethan. Let's test this guy's abilities when the time is right!"

"Are you suggesting...?” Louis hesitated.

"Now that they've come to Seattle, they've stepped on our turf. As hosts,we should extenad a proper welcome when the time is right." Frank leaned back on his chair, lighting a Cuban cigar as he blew a smoke ring.

Upon hearing this, Louis smirked. He also wanted to know what it felt like to crush a business genius underfoot! minutes of walking away. Settle down and let me know if you need anything, I'll come quickly!" Evander said while they were dining.

“Thank you for your hard work. You can eat while telling us about any news regarding QU Group.” Ethan knew that the information he had gathered from the internet or the news could only serve as a reference. To truly gain control over QU Group, he needed to go in-depth,particularly with their key figure, Frank.

"Well, during the chairman's coma, Alan was still Shine Group's president.At that time, he ignored the board of directors' and senior executives'refusals and privately sold me the two plots of land I bought for 5.8billion dollars to QU Group. As of now, they've already signed the transfer contract." Evander spoke with slight anger in his eyes. It was obvious he wasn't holding back in cursing Alan!

Ethan squinted his eyes and bluntly asked, “Even if Alan wants to be reckless, he would still needs to maintain his reputation,no?”

“Reputation? QU Group proposed to exchange 5% of their circulating shares, and he actually agreed! How is that any different from giving it away for free?" Talking about this, Evander's expression grew even more upset, his tone full of resentment.

“That is the same as...”

“Handing over his company's interests over to an outsider. He's really gone too far!" Sarah's face aIso became gloomy.

“You should know that these two plots were within Seattle's latest planned commercial area. They have bright future development prospects. After development, their total values would estimate to be at least over 10 billion US dollars. It's not just about losing these two lands, but the entire group's future!" Evander's grief and indignation grew as he spoke. Ethan had been observing the man and could tell that his emotions were genuine, ruling out the possibility of him colluding with Alan.
###Chapter 98

"Tell me more about Frank!" Ethan shifted the focus.

Evander then recounted information on Frank, which was mostly consistent with what Ethan had previously learned.

Frank was overall clever and calculating, not hesitating to use any means for his goals. One could say he was a formidable opponent!

Ethan pondered this information, realizing that a direct confrontation using Shine Group's current strength wasn't entirely impossible,but it would undoubtedly take a long time!

To deal with QU Group in a short time, they needed to catch them off-guard!

Ethan contemplated for a moment and suddenly asked, “Doesn't he have a son?”


"Are you referring to Louis? He's currently QU Group's deputy general manager and had been raised by Frank to be his successor. He returned from studying abroad five years ago and has been working at the company ever since. He does have some skills since he studied business management,but based on what we know, he's impetuous and self-centered!" Although Evander didn't know what Ethan was thinking, he still gave information about Louis.

“Louis,huh? That's a good name! I'm curious to learn if he's talented or just a pig?" Ethan burst out laughing after hearing Evander's evaluation.Judging from his manner and tone, Ethan had some plans for Louis.

Sarah's eyes immediately lit up with curiosity, “Where do you plan to start?” Just then, the doorbell rang. Ethan looked at her with a mysterious smile and remained silent, which made Sarah playfully scold him for a moment, saying she'd yell at him on Chloe's behalf! After peering through the peephole and seeing Sarah outside, he opened the door."Didn't we say we'd rest in our rooms? Is something the matter?"An hour later, Evander left the hotel with his team, and Ethan and Sarah went back to their respective rooms to rest.

Returning to his room, Ethan called Chloe to let her know he had arrived and settled in.


After Chloe expressed her concern and asked a few more questions,she seemed hesitant to say something.

"Chloe,is there something you want to say?" he noticed something was off with her, so he asked.

“It's nothing... I'm just worried about you!" she hesitated for a moment and decided not to mention Sharon. After all, he was currently out of town and had important matters to attend to. She didn't want to distract him at this critical moment.

Ethan comforted her, assuring her that he'd take care of himself.
Afterward, they ended the call.

Soon after, he called Jayden.

"Sir, have you arrived in Seattle?" Once the call connected, Jayden's voice came through the phone.

Ethan instructed straight to the point, "Yeah, I just got here.There's something I need you to help me with. Tomorrow, arrange a team to visit Seattle on behalf of the investment company. It'd be bestto make some waves and get the media involved. Contact me once the team arrives so we can discuss the details!"

Jayden promptly agreed,"No problem, I'll arrange it right away!"

After preparing everything that needed to be done, Ethan finally lay down on the soft leather sofa as he thought of the next steps to take. Sarah smiled and explained, “I thought you might be bored, so I planned to take you out for a walk. Plus, I want to introduce you to a lovely girl!"

"What's going on? You don't need to drag me along to meet with a girl,do you?" Ethan was a little surprised and obviously hadn't figured out the situation yet.

“My classmate happens to be working in Seattle. Since we're here,I thought we could meet up. Aren't you happy that you can be the bodyguard for two beautiful ladies? Or are you afraid I'll report this to Chloe after I return?" Sarah casually explained, then teasingly joked.

"If that's the case, I'm even less interested in going! Why should I interfere with you and your classmate's plans? Go keep your friend company and have fun!” Ethan was about to close the door, but Sarah stopped him by pressing him against it.

Sarah pouted and threatened fiercely,"If you don't go, I'll call Chloe and tell her you've been bullying me!”

"You're ruthless!” Ethan gritted his teeth and rolled his eyes, admitting defeat to this woman.

She gave him a look and said,“You know it's true."

When the two arrived at the hotel entrance, a white car was already parked there. In front of it was a girl in a dress. She looked somewhat delicate and although a bit thin, her figure was still average. In Ethan's eyes,she was beautiful, but she couldn't be compared to Chloe and Sarah.

“Sarah,it's been so long!" Upon seeing Sarah, the girl immediately hugged her excitedly. The two women talked for a while,completely forgetting about Ethan nearby. “Cough cough...” Ethan couldn't take it anymore and lightly coughed a couple of times, finally grabbing the two's attention. He recalled that when the two women were playing around at the hotel entrance, he had seen a similar car parked at the roadside. However, he couldn't be certain if it was the same one. "I forgot to introduce him. This is Ethan, my friend," Sarah quickly introduced Ethan before saying to him,"This is my college classmate, Mia." Being cautious, he followed the two and walked into the mall's lobby. Ethan politely nodded and smiled at Mia, greeting her.

Mia looked at Sarah skeptically as she softly asked, "I remember you don't really hang out with men. Ethan must be more than just a regular friend,huh?”


Sarah explained in annoyance,“What nonsense are you spouting? He's my best friend's boyfriend, and he came to Seattle with me for business.My
best friend entrusted me to take good care of him!"

“Woah! You're even doing something as exciting as seducing your best friend's boyfriend?" Mia teased,her face filled with excitement.


"Who's doing that? It's been two years, but you still haven't changed your unfiltered speaking habit. Do you want me to rip your mouth apart?"Sarah exclaimed angrily, as if she was about to attack. On the other hand,Mia simply stuck out her tongue and made a funny face. The two women immediately started playfully fighting.

Ethan was at a loss, realizing that his decision not to come out earlier was wise. Unfortunately, it was now too late to change it!

Finally, they got into the car. As for where to go, he naturally had no say in it. Moreover, it was his first time in Seattle, so he could only follow them. He sat in the back seat, closed his eyes, and listened to their conversation at the front.


They soon arrived at their destination, and Ethan realized they had come to a shopping center in the city. So, it was true; whenever two women got together,they would most likely go shopping. When it came to this activity,any other plans had to wait in line!

Just as they got out of the car, Ethan suddenly felt a sense of familiarity when he looked at a black car parked not far away. After the three entered, four young men in suits left the black car and  quickly followed them into the mall.
###Chapter 99

Sarah and Mia's shopping frenzy levels quickly amazed Ethan,and he seemed to understand why Sarah dragged him along.

In just half an hour, he was already carrying more than a dozen large and small bags. From clothes and shoes to cosmetics and handbags,they didn't miss a single counter that women usually enjoyed shopping at.

So,it seemed that his only value was to be a free butler and companion for these two women?

When they were finally tired of shopping, they sat down in a cafe to rest,leaving Ethan a chance to catch his breath.

After this, he swore that he would never accompany a woman to go shopping again!

Of course, Chloe was an exception.

At that moment, Ethan noticed something not far away. They were secretly being observed, and it wasn't by just one or two people.He squinted his eyes, thinking about the black car he had seen before.

“Sarah,Ethan, you sit here for a moment. I'm going to the restroom!”Mia said to the two of them before heading toward the cafe's restroom.

Ethan looked at Mia's figure and asked, "What does that female classmate of yours do?"

"Her? She's an executive at a travel company in Seattle, and I heard she's doing well. Why do you want to know?" Sarah casually explained, her face slightly suspicious as she stared at him.

Ethan lowered his voice and warned,"What nonsense are you thinking of?We're being followed right now!"

“What?!" Sarah looked around in surprise, seemingly trying to locate the suspicious targets. “Don't look around. Just pretend you don't know anything!” Ethan furrowed his brows and hushed her.


Only then did she look at him, seemingly tense as she asked quietly,“Are you serious? Could you be mistaken?”

Ethan said,"I wish I was. But with the three of us here,if we really are being followed, they probably aren't targeting us. Instead, they're probably eyeing your classmate!"

“How could Mia be targeted, right? Could it be that someone from QU Group found out that we're here and sent people to keep an eye on us?"Sarah quickly speculated, gradually relaxing from her initial shock. Ethan immediately denied, "It's not QU Group's people. This is a different group!” That was also why he was hesitant to mention it. "So,you suspect that these people are targeting Mia? But she's just a company executive; why would they do that?" Sarah's expression changed again. "How do you know they're not from QU Group?" Sarah asked in surprise.

"These guys are too amateurish, and it's also because you two were careless and didn't notice them. With a little vigilance, you can easily detect them!" Ethan explained lightly, but he left ou one thing. Even from the airport, Ethan had sensed that someone was watching him,and they even followed him all the way back to the hotel.

From these two groups' behaviors, the first one was more professional,and they also followed them into the mall.

QU Group has no need to send two groups to follow them, especially this obvious second one.


Ethan wasn't surprise if QU Group sent people to follow them. In fact,it'd be weird if they didn't! Ethan didn't respond, but instead look at her in the eye.

Sarah then noticed that Mia had returned from the restroom.

With a signal from Ethan, Sarah tried to subtly ask Mia about her current situation, but Mia didn't seem to mention anything in her conversations.

“Have you heard anything unusual?"

“Are you still single? Don't you have a boyfriend?" After Sarah clarified Mia's personal situation, she shifted the topic to the latter's relationships.

Mia complainedl with a sense of injustice, “Don't even mention it; I did date someone recently. We were in the same industry, wih him working for another travel company. Later on, I accidentally discovered that he was only using my background, so I broke up with him a few days ago.However, he has been pestering me ever since, and it's giving me a headache!”

Ethan's heart skipped a beat, and he secretly gave Sarah a thumbs-up.

Sarah seemed proud as she blinked at him, then asked with some surprise," "He just has some power, that's all. How can I compare to you? Moreover,I was deceived in my relationship all because of this little power!" Mia sighed in self-mockery, clearly feeling the impact of the situation. "That scumbag's probably not just an ordinary employee of a travel company, no?" Sarah continued to dig deeper. Your background? I've known you for so long, but I never knew anything about you! What does your family do?"

Mia explained with a bitter smile, “It's nothing impressive, really. My dad used to work for the government, and most of our classmates know about it. But recently, he got transferredto the city's Tourism Bureau and became a manager in charge of planning and development in tourist areas."



"So,your dad is flourishing in politics, huh?" Sarah understood and teased playfully. Mia replied resentfully,"I found out later that he's not an ordinary manager, but rather the son of his company's president! I even overheard his conversation with his father; they were both aiming for my dad's little amount of power!"

Just then, a suited young man approached them with a large rose bouquet in hand.


As soon as Mia saw him, her face instantly darkened.

“John,how dare you come find me? I've made it clear already;don't show up in front of me again! I don't want to see you!" Agitated, she immediately stood up from the couch and pointed at him.

The other customers, as well as the shoppers in the mall, turned their curious gazes toward them.

Ethan and Sarah immediately knew this man was definitely the scumbag Mia was talking about, and he was probably the one who sent those amateur spies on Mia!

"Mia, it's all my fault, and I'm really sorry. I just hope you can give me another chance because I really like you! Have you forgotten the promises we made to each other?" John, oblivious to everyone's astonishment,kneeled in front of Mia. He gave the roses with deep affection and begging for forgiveness.

Ethan and Sarah exchanged glances, realizing that this scumbag really had some acting skills.
###Chapter 100

If they didn't know the truth beforehand, they might've been swayed by his affectionate appearance!

“Get lost, and stop pretending here! I can't stand to look at you anymore.You already fooled me once; are you planning to do it again?" Mia angrily shouted. Under the bystanders' surprised eyes, she threw the bouquet on the ground.

“Mia, I have genuine feelings for you. Why can't you give me another chance?" John's face instantly turned ugly. Ethan could clearly see the hidden darkness in his eyes. Surprisingly, this man continued with his show,making Ethan take notice.

Sarah lowered her voice and asked Ethan, "I can't help but want to beat him up. Can you do that? After all, you're our bodyguard today!"

Ethan gave her a reassuring look. Without waiting for Mia to speak again,he warned John in a deep voice,"My friend has already said that she never wants to see you again. If you're still a man, stop harassing her!Will you leave by yourself, or do I need to throw you out?"

"And who do you think you are? What right do you have to interfere in Mia's affairs?" John immediately stood up from the ground, his expression hostile as he glared at Ethan.

"They're my friends, John. If you don't leave, I'll call the police and report you for harassment!" Mia immediately warned him. She didn't expect Ethan to stand up for her. She was grateful, but she also didn't want to drag other people into her problems. “Mia, it's just a couple's quarrel. Why bring the cops in? Besides,isn't your friend meddling too much?" John snorted disdainfully,his gaze toward Ethan growing even darker as if he had developed a grudge. Standing firmly between the two, Ethan cut Mia off before she could speak."You're wrong. You two have already broken up, so this isn't a couple's quarrel anymore. If you continue doing this, she has every right to call the police! As for today, I'll personally handle this matter!" John glared at Ethan with a fierce and menacing look,"Judging from your accent,you're not from around here, right? This is Seattle, not a place where poor outsiders like you can run wild freely. Do you know I can get you locked up for days with just one phone call?”

He did want to please Mia for his goals, but that didn't mean he'd tolerate Ethan's rudeness.

“Oh? I've actually never been to jail. Should I fulfill that wish?" Ethan laughed instantly upon hearing this. If someone didn't know any better,with his relaxed face, they would've thought he was going somewhere nice!

“John, stop messing around!" Mia shouted, but Sarah immediately pulled her down to sit.

Sarah comforted, "Leave this kind of thing to the men. Ethan will take care of it!"

“You don't know,but John...”

"Once things escalate, Ethan might suffer!" Mia commented, her face full of worry.

“Do you really not believe me? Do you think that even if he has connections, he can surpass Shine Group's influence?" Sarah scoffed,unconvinced. If John's reliance was only on this kind of power, she wouldn't have taken him seriously!

Upon hearing this, Mia fell silent.

“If you insist on starting a fight, then don't blame me for being merciless!"John threatened confidently as he turned to Mia. “I'll give you one more chance, Mia. If you leave with me now, I can spare him. Otherwise, I'll show him the consequences of offending me today!" In his eyes, Ethan was just an ordinary outsider. It was entirely up to him how things went. “You yap s0 much!" Before he even finished talking, Ethan had already grabbed John's collar and lifted him up. John's face instantly turned red as his legs kicked and struggled.His breath was labored as he tried to pry Ethan's big hands apart.

Unfortunately, before he could struggle any longer, Ethan casually threw him out and left him crashing heavily on the ground.

"I already warned you; if you don't leave by yourself, I'll throw you out!Do you not understand such simple words?" Ethan's words almost made John get a stroke from anger. His body felt sore from the fall,and he couldn't stop coughing. The pain had obviously enveloped him,rendering him unable to speak in his current state.


At that moment, four suited young men nearby rushed over, quickly helping John up from the ground.

"What're you all standing around for? Can't you see that I was attacked?Kill him for me!" John finally caught his breath and angrily shouted at the four young men.

Without hesitation, the men lunged toward Ethan.

They came fast, but left even faster. Before anyone could react, Ethan kicked all four of them to the air, the men landing in the corridor outside the café's entrance!


He had shown mercy by not using the mysterious energy in his body.Otherwise, these guys would've been crippled or dead!

On the other hand, John was completely dumbfounded. His father had paid a high price to hire those four bodyguards from a security company,yet Ethan defeated them so easily!

The surrounding people finally reacted, screaming and running out in a panic. Mia wasn't much better than the others, staring at Ethan in a daze for a long time without recovering her senses. On the other hand, Sarah was calm in her seat as she sipped her coffee. Ethan calmly stared at John as he asked deliberately,“Will you leave now?Or do you want to join them?"

John trembled, not having the courage to provoke Ethan at this moment.Scared, he quickly ran out of the café, not even caring about the four bodyguards!

"Sorry, Boss. I'll pay for the meals from the tables that ran away just now."

At that moment, Sarah pulled out a stack of cash and placed it on the table.She then turned to Mia, who was still dazed. "Let's leave as well.
Otherwise, that guy might return with more people!"

Only then did Mia snap back to reality and said, “You're right. Ethan attacked first, so John will definitely use his connections at the police station to cause trouble!"


"I'm not afraid of him, I just don't want any trouble. I don't want that guy bothering us again!" Sarah muttered, curling her lip in disgust.

Mia said with concern,"So where are you going now? Back to the hotel?After what happened today, it might be better for Ethan to leave Seattle completely if he can."

“Is it necessary for Ethan to leave over such a small thing? You really underestimate him, don't you?” Sarah teased, winking at Ethan.

Ethan was silent for a bit before asking Mia,"If it's convenient, I'd like to meet your father. Would you mind introducing me?"

This surprised not only Mia, but also Sarah.

 






 








 

