###Chapter 1

Kotoka International Airport was hustling and bustling with tourists going in and out of the airport. Hilda got off the plane slowly,as she breathed in the fresh air of the very country she had been out of for two years. She was in a fur coat which was rustling in the wind as she walked. With smile on her face,she exited the airport.

She hailed a taxi anad told the driver to drop her off at the Stephenson Group. As she got off. she walked into the office with her luggage in tow.

Upon arriving, the receptionist was shocked to see her. "Miss Hilda,you are back".

Hilda replied with a calm tone "Yes, is Daniel in his office?"

The receptionist was shocked then she said "He is already at the hotel where the engagement is supposed to take place."

"Engagement?" Hilda asked.

"Yes, the engagement between Daniel and your sister."

With a blank expression, she asked."My sister and Daniel?....Which hotel?"


The receptionist hesitated for a while for she thought she had said something wrong but after a moment, she shook her head and thought otherwise then mentioned the name of the hotel."
The Golden Tulip Hotel."
Hilda walked out of the office expressionlessly as she stared blankly at nothing in particular in front of her. She hailed a taxi as soon as she got out of the office and headed for the Golden Tulip Hotel.

As soon as she got down, she saw pictures of her step-sister and Daniel who happened to be her boyfriend plastered everywhere.

With a sense of deprecation, she entered the hotel and headed for the top floor where the engagement was taking place.

It was supposed to be their fourth anniversary. Two years ago,she left for America to further her studies. When she was done,she rushed back in a hurry to surprise her boyfriend who happens to be Daniel. But immediately she came back,she was the one who was rather surprised. Her boyfriend of four years is getting engaged to her step-sister.

As she got to the top floor, she heard the sound of soothing piano music coming from the ballroom. Taking a few deep breath and a few steps, she was met with the sight of her sister hugging Daniel. Carmen was smiling as she was in a rosy red ball dress with pearls. She was greeting the guest together with Daniel.


As today happens to be their engagement, they were the stars of the night. Still standing at the doorway, Hilda watched as Carmen blushed after Daniel whispered something into her ears.
With face red with rage, Hilda took few steps in. With a turn of her face, Carmen noticed her sister from the corner of her
eyes. Color drained from her face as she gripped Daniel's arm tightly.

Daniel also saw Hilda. Stunned for a moment, he patted Carmen's hand and gave her a comforting smile before walking towards Hilda.


Danie spoke up first. "Hilda, you are back and even here for our engagement. Thanks for making time".

Hilda was filled with rage as she listened to what Daniel was saying. "Your engagement? Danny aren't you feeling sorry?You cheated on me. We have been dating for four years! And you Carmen, are you that thirsty for men that you even go after your sister's boyfriend? What happened to all the men out there? How dare you..."

Not waiting for Hilda to finish, She was met by her slap from behind her. "You unfilial daughter."

Hilda held her throbbing cheek, turned around to see who slapped her. "Mom..." She was heartbroken.

"Don't call me that you unfilial daughter. I don't have a daughter like you. Today is your sister's engagement and instead of blessing her, you are here to cause trouble. You are doing this on purpose right?" Mrs. Adams gritted her teeth and glared at Hilda.

"But Mom, what are you saying? Daniel is my boyfriend."Hilda said.
"Who is your boyfriend? Tell me.Daniel is your brother-in-law.Do you want to take him too? Since young, you have been taking everything that belongs to Carmen and now you are targeting her boyfriend too? Tell me."

"Haha..." Cracking a laugh. Hilda looked at her mom who was twisting the facts then looked at DanieI and asked "Who is your girlfriend Daniel? Tell her."

Frowning,Daniel looked flustered not knowing how to answer,he looked at Hilda. A grip of his arm sobered him up then he replied. "Sorry, but the person I love has been Carmen and it always will be."

Feeling her heart tighten, Hilda replied "Remember this Daniel,I'm the one dumping you not the other way around.Remember this day."

Trying her best not to shed tears in front of them, Hilda turned around with a lot of self-control to not tear them apart and blessed them. " Hoping you spend the rest of your lives today as husband and wife forever till death do you part and even in the afterlife."
###Chapter 2

Walking out of the hotel, tears started streaming down her face.Although she had been holding back the tears just now in the ballroom, she couldn't help but cry out uncontrollably.

Her boyfriend for four years cheated on her. Hailing a taxi,she headed back to her apartment. She couldn't help herself as she cried in the taxi. The driver asked where she was off to.With tears and snot on her face, she told him.


Arriving, she took out a wet tissue wiped the tears, and snorted before getting down. Walking upstairs. she entered her apartment.

As soon as she shut the door behind her, she sat on the floor and reminisced on how her relationship for four years had been.


The happy memories in the first two years, how Daniel showered her with love all those times and even when she was leaving for her studies, the pendant he had given to her that was suppose to take care of her till she was back.

All this time she was away, Daniel had been calling her for the first six months, but from then on whenever she called he was either busy or could not be reached.

Never in her wildest dreams did she think Daniel would be cheating on her with someone else. And even if he did cheat on her why couldn't it be any other person but her stepsister the person she hated the most?
After shedding tears for some time, she lay flat on the floor with her eyes open staring at nothing in particular. All she felt now was pain as her heart was bleeding.

At dusk, she decided to freshen up. As it was already getting late and her apartment had been empty for a while,she decided to clean up and prepared to head for the biggest entertainment center in the city.


After freshening up, she then left for the club - a popular one as Kiki Bees.




In the club, she recalled a statement that goes as 'the best place to be on a cold and harsh night to have fun is always the club'.

Although she wasn't the party type, and wasn't that used to the place, she was okay as long as she downed some wine.

She leaned on the bar counter downing one glass after another.After a while, someone came to sit beside her and asked "Miss,Are you alone?"

She looked at him and turned her eyes away. The man then ordered two shots of wine and gave one to her.

Drinking it, the man then placed his hand on her shoulder and rubbed her shoulders.


Feeling his touch, she shuddered for a moment and said"Piss off".
He looked at her and continued to rub her shoulders. "How about I keep you company tonight.".

Pushing the hand off her shoulder, she shouted again'′′Pss off".

The man smiled at her and said "Wow, you are really fierce. I like fierce girls. Besides, any lady who says piss off actually wants me to stay. I know your mouth is saying piss off. but in your mind. you want me to stay... Haha.."

Pushing him away, she tried to move away but ended up leaning on him. As that, the man laughed and said. "Haha... I knew you wanted me to stay".

As the man was trying to harass her, she got up again but staggered due to the wine and ended up leaning on him again.With that, the man tried to kiss her.

Pushing him, she yelled yet again "Piss off." Holding the chair.she staggered finding her way out.

As she tried to move, the man signaled someone and she was surrounded. Moving closer to her he said, "Babe, I know you want me."


Feeling a chill run down her spine, she felt cold all over. "What did you put in the drink? You drugged me."

Without waiting for his reply, she staggered to a man she saw entering the club.

Holding unto him, she said "Save me... Please save me. He
wants to take advantage of me."

Raising her head to look at the man,she found him dashing.Opening her mouth again, she complimented him. "Wow. you look handsome. Who are you? Do you mind accompanying me for the night?"

Since she was drunk, the man didn't say anything but looked to his assistant who then said. "Sir I'm sorry. Didn't know someone would hold onto you as soon as you entered. Let me take her away."

Reaching out his hand to pry her from his boss's hand, Nathan Clemon replied. "No need, just take care of them."

Stopping his hand in mid-air, he was shocked. Boss the clean freak? Shocked as he was, Nathan Clemon spoke again."What are you waiting for?"

With the girl still in front of him, he held her hand and walked towards his private room. Since she was drunk, she was staggering so Nathan carried her in his arms all the way to the elevator.

Noticing that she was about to be taken away, the man yelled."Who the hell are you? I took a liking to her first. Do you know who I am?"

Without replying to him Nathan entered the elevator.

Turning around to look at them, Stanley smirked."Who do you think you are?"
"My father is the CEO of Kirkland Group."

Paying no heed to him, he continued asking. "Which one of you touched the lady just now?"

As one of the men was quick enough to recognize the assistant,he tried to mend the situation. "It's nothing but a misunderstanding. We are sorry."

Smiling Stanley sneered. "A misunderstanding? Okay. Boss wants the hand that touched the lady just now to be cut off and used as a souvenir. So next time you won't make that mistake of harassing a lady."

Panicking, they got on their knees.

Thump,thump thump

Looking at them, Stanley ordered them to be taken care of by the bodyguards and left mercilessly without looking back.




Feeling the man's body against hers, she started feeling hot all over.

Mumbling under her breath,she said."It's hot..."

Touching the man on his chest as two buttons of his shirt button were open, the man froze for a moment and understood what was happening.

Upon arriving in his private room, the man brought her over
into the bathroom. Putting her in the bathtub, he turns on the tap.

When the water touched her skin. she started crying. "You are a bad man. The water is cold. I don't want to bath bring me out."


Looking at her, the man's face darkened but he held back and said. "Don't worry. It won't be for that long. I will take you out soon."


"No. no take me out now. You are a bad man. You cheated on me now you want to drown me." With tears and snort on her face.she yelled at him.


Looking at her who was talking nonsense. Nathan walked out of the bathroom and dialed a number.

Speaking on the phone. he said. "Come to Kiki Bees now with some medications."

Hanging up, he walked back into the bathroom. After some time. Stanley his assistant walked into the room and said to him. "Sir, it is done."


Nodding his head, he asked him to wait for Samuel Fleming at the door and direct him in later.
###Chapter 3

A while later. Stanley entered with Samuel. When he entered.Samuel complained. "What's going on? I just walked out after eight hours of operation and you asked me to rush here."

Without replying him Nathan spoke coldly. "Check her out."

Entering the bathroom. Samuel was shocked. Smiling he asked "Who is this? Since when did the indifferent and aloof CEO have a soft spot for ladies?"

Arching an eyebrow, Nathan said indifferently,"Are you going to check on her or do you want me to make you?"

Raising his hand to surrender Samuel said "Easy, easy. It was just a question. Let me check her out."

Getting serious Samuel asked. "What happened? Seems like she was drugged and the dose is really high. As I just finished a surgery and rushed here without knowing what really you needed, I didn't bring any antidote for aphrodisia. Get me some ice first."

Nodding his head, "Okay." Stanley then walked out.

Bringing the bucket of ice, Stanley place it down.

Samuel looked at Nathan before saying. "She will need to take her clothes off and the ice should be added to the water to cool
her down."

Moving forward indifferently, Nathan asked Samuel and Stanley to walk out then he entered the bathroom. Taking off her clothes,he gulped.

Taking the bucket, he poured the ice into the bathtub.

Feeling cold, Hilda tried to wiggle her way out of the tub but Nathan held her down.


Looking at her face which had turned red from cold, he said in a soft yet soothing tone. "Don't move."

As his voice was fruity melodious, she stared at him incredulously and held his shirt. Making him drenched.

After a few mninutes, still clenching on him, Nathan brought her out. After making sure she was all dried up, he wore one of his pajamas on her and place her on the bed.

Making sure she was all covered up, he called Samuel in.

After entering, Samuel gave her a check up.

"How is she?" Nathan asked

With a serious expression Samuel replied "The dose of the drug she was given was really high. As of now, the drug hasn't fully worn off. I will give her an injection."
After injecting her. Hilda's breath became stable and slowly she fell asleep."

Walking out of the room. Samuel teased. "So who is so capable enough to drug Mr. Nathan Clemon's woman?" Without waiting for Nathan to answer he added. "I guess there is still someone who isn't afraid to incur your wrath."

Turning around to glance at him. Nathan smiled.

Looking at the smile, Samuel shuddered.

"Nathan really lives up to his name. He truly is a devil. That smile can only mean one thing. That person is doomed." He thought to himself.

Ignoring him. Nathan strode away.

Behind him Samuel roared. "Hey, wait for me. Is that howw to treat a friend? Asking me here after I walked out after a surgery and ignoring me as soon as you got what you wanted.Hmm.. Not even a drink?"

Looking at him who was still walking away without stopping.he mumbled. "Never seen a person who burns bridges immediately after crossing just you."

Seeing him who was walking further away, Samuel hurriedly caught up to him.
The next day.

Waking up, Hilda felt weak all over. With her hand on her head, she looked around. Noticing that the place was new to her, she felt a chill run down her spine.

Getting out of the bed, color drained from her face asshe took the blanket off.


She was in a pajamas but the most shocking part was,it belonged to a man. Feeling sore all over her body,she recalled what happened the night before.

Looking around, there was no one. Holding her head in her hand she looked dumbfounded. "Hilda, what did you do?" As the alcohol was pretty excessive, she could not recall everything that happened.

All she knew was how she asked the man to save her.Thinking she might have done something wrong because she was feeling sore all over, she started cursing out loud. "You jerk. How dare you take advantage of me."

Taking the pillow, she started hitting the bed as if it was the man. "You jerk! You perv.."

Just then the door was opened and a voice was heard."You finally decided to get up now right?"
Looking at the man who just entered, she squinted her eyes.He was tall and glowing. His appearance was that of a noble.his face was radiant with elegance and beauty which would make any woman jealous with hislong and slender legs.

With a pale face she asked. " Who are you?"

Listening to her voice which sounded hoarse, he frowned.Walking closer, he took the water on the bedside table and poured her some.

Looking at his slender hand, she took the water.

Taking the water, she gulped all down without minding her manners.


After, she placed the glass down, she looked at him and seemed to have recalled something. "You were the man who saved me yesterday right?

Without answering her he asked. "How are you feeling?"

"I'm okay. Thanks for yesterday."

"You don't have to."

Looking at the pajamas, Hilda became embarrassed as she made eye contact with Nathan.

Looking at her who was starring at him embarrassingly,he knew what she meant with the eye contact. "Don't worry.
Nothing happened between uis last night."

She meekly asked for her dress after looking around. "erm...my dress?...erm.."

Shaking his head, Nathan looked at her shy and blushing face before Taking out his phone to make a call. On the phone, he told the other person on the end of the line to bring some dresses for "Miss Hilda Adams."


Starring at him who just mentioned her full name, she was shocked. "Mr. How did you know my name? Do you know me?11


"Mr. Nathan Clemon". He answered calmly.

"Huh?"

"That is my name. And how I got to know your name?"Smiling he continued "You are famous now."

Looking Confused "What do you mean by me being famous?"

"Miss Adams seems like you haven't read the news this morning. Your face is plastered everywhere as you tried to cuase a riot at your sister's engagement by claiming your brother-in - law as your boyfriend yesterday." He said with a sly smile on his face.

Looking shocked Hilda asked calmly. "What do you mean by
that?"

Smiling Nathan chipped. "Oh, ain't that the reason why you drowned all your sorrows with wine last night since it didn't pull through for you?"
###Chapter 4

Looking exasperated, Hilda sneered. "What do you know?"

At that very moment, a knock was heard. Calmly Nathan said."Come in."

Walking in Stanley brought a shopping bag. Handing it over to Nathan, "Sir, the dress you requested for."

Taking the bag, Nathan handed it to Hilda. "Your dress. You can get changed now."

With the bag in her hand, she entered the bathroom.

After some time she came out. Noticing that the dress fit her perfectly Nathan smiled.

Looking at him who was smiling, she berated. "What's funny?"

Shaking his head, he said nothing.

Taking her bag she looked at the man and said. "About what happened last night... erm I am grateful but can we act like nothing happened. We are adults after all."

Looking at her with a smile on his face he nodded. "Sure, but I want to help you."

Noticing the look of confusion on her face he continued."Don't you want to take revenge? I can help you."
"Why would you want to help me?" Hilda asked.

"Because I want you to be my woman."

Dumbfounded she smirked. "Why would you want me as your woman? After all you don't know me."

Smiling mischievously he said calmly "Who said I don't know you? You are Miss Hilda Adams, and I saw your body last night."

Stunned she glared at him. "You jerk! You are shameless."

Nathan's gaze darkened.

Taking a step closer to her with the smile still plastered on his face.she took a step back. With each step he took, Hilda took a step back. Finally backing her into a corner, he leaned closer.

Looking at the man who seemed to be getting closer,Hilda's heart started beating faster. Looking up at him, she met his brown eyes which seemed deep like a bottomless abyss.Narrowing his eyes, Nathan blew his warm breath on her neck.

The warm breath on her neck made her skin tingle. He then extended his hand to pin her against the wall. Looking down,he cupped her chin his his hand. Leaning down, he chuckled."This is what is called being shameless."

Snapping out of her daze, Hilda beckoned. "Let's go of me."
Shoving him back, she took a few steps backwards herself.

Hilda didn't want to be close to him because he made her heart beat uncontrollably. "Don't expect me to be your woman just because you saved me last night."

Brushing his fingers on her smooth and soft face, "Miss Adams,you are rejecting the proposal of being my woman violently.I'm the only man who can give you the happiness you deserve.How about you think about it then?"

"But why do you think that?" He knows my situation here so why does he want me to be his woman? "Who are you?"Looking confused Hilda asked.

"Who I am should not matter. Just know I want to help you."Taking out his card he handed it to her.

"Miss Adams, I will be expecting your good news soon."

Starring blankly at the card in her hand with the details 'Mr.Nathan Clemon, CEO of Clemon Group.' she was shocked.

Raising her head, the man was already gone.

The Clemons family was the most powerful family in Taadi City. With the bys of the Michel family then the Anderson family and the Fleming family. This four families were know as the big four in Taadi city.
Thinking about his breath on her neck a while ago which was flirty but loving and not lustful, she blushed.

Gripping the complimentary card in her hands tightly, she lowered her head. After this incident, the name Nathan Clemon would occupied some space in her mind which would be impossible to erase.

Walking out, she thought. Why does a powerful man like Mr.Clemons want to help an infamous person like her?

Exiting the club. She hailed a taxi back to her apartment.

Upon arriving, she noticed two people waiting at the door of her apartment. Looking closer, she noticed it was Daniel and Carmen.


When Carmen saw her, she walked closed to her and said."You are back Hilda. We have been waiting for you for a while now."


Furrowing her eyebrow, she turned to leave but suddenly felt a grip on her hand.

Looking up she noticed it was Carmen who was looking at her anxiously."Hilda."

Flinging her hand away, she noticed the grip was held tightly."Where did you go last night sis? Daniel and I have been
waiting for you. We were really worried."
Hilda smiled "Worried? Were you guys really worried about me?.

Walking over, Daniel answered "Don't talk like that. I know what we did was wrong but Carmen and I really love each other. When you were gone for the past two years, It was Carmen who help me through all those hard times. So Hilda.you..."

Without waiting for him to finish Hilda laughed. "Hah. So you knew I was out there all this while, why didn't you calI to tell me anything eh? Everytime I called you were busy haha.. I was stupid to believe you all those times. And you Carmen you knew he was my boyfriend right? Thank you for taking care of him. So why did you hold on to him after? You had this all planned right?" Hilda roared at them.

Still holding unto Hilda, Hilda felt a burst of pain coming from her hand. Flinging Carmen's hand away. Carmen screamed and staggered falling on the ground a few steps away.

Walking over to Carmen who was on the ground, Daniel helped her up. Looking back at Hilda who was staring at them he lashed out. "Hilda, I know you might be hurt but that does not give you the right to push your sister down. What is done is done. I'm now engaged to her and that won't be changed.We are going to get marriedsoon. Why don't you just accept it?
11
Smirking at him "Who said I don't want to accept it? Have you forgotten I blessed you yesterday? Ain't you the ones here.You can get married today for all I care. You guys disgust me."

Looking at them who were being unreasonable and scolding her she yelled yet again "I don't want you guys appearing in front of me again.Scram! Now!"

Carmen then pouted andsiad. "Hilda. you can't talk to us like that. Even if we have done something wrong we are a family.Why would you talk to us like that?"

"We just came to explain things to you. Daniel and I really love each other. We didn't mean to hurt you but if we did we are sorry."


"Really?" Since childhood Carmen took everything away be it toys, dress, food. Anything that belonged to Hilda was taken away by her. Her mother always told her, since Carmen is your younger sister, it doesn't matter. But now she has taken her boyfriend too.


"Hah... You disgust me. Since you like second hand things,you can keep him. I don't want him anymore."

Hearing her words, Daniel's eyes darkened. Raising his hand to slap her, someone grabbed his hand in mid air.

Looking back, he noticed it was Carmen.
Pouting and looking at him pitifully she shook her head."Don't do it Danny. She is my elder sister. She is aggrieved. It is my fault so if you want to slap someone then it should be me.Please don't blame her it is my fault for loving you."
###Chapter 5

Looking at Carmen who looked pitiful, Daniel couldn't bring himself to hit Hilda and then he slowly placed his hand down.

Looking at Hilda, he was at a loss of words. "You why..."

Carmen looked at Hilda and said helplessly. "Sis, I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you but you know Daniel and I really love each other. Why don't you just let it go."

Listening to what Carmen was saying Hilda snorted. "I've already blessed you so I don't care about him anymore. As you can see I just came back from town and I'm really tired I want to rest you can leave now."

"But sis, we came to check on you we were really worried."

"Enough Carmen. I don't want to see any of you."

Looking at Hilda in confusion Daniel asked. "Can't we just break up peacefully? Do you have to leave such a bad impression?"

Feeling a tinge of pain in her heart Hilda teared up. Looking at the man who she had loved for the past four years, she wasn't expecting him to say that.

Trying her best to hold back her tears she glared at him angrily."Why don't you ask yourself what I did to you to deserve
something as cruel as this? What did I do Daniel? You courted me back then and even said you would never turn your back on me. You vowed to love me Daniel! What happened? It hasn't even been long but what did you do? Did you ever think about the impression you would be leaving on me?"

As she roared at Daniel her tears fell. "Fck off! I don't want to see either of you."

Opening the door to her apartment, she entered and slammed the door shut. When the door was closed, she leaned against the door and slide down on to the floor.


Carmen started pounding on the door after it was shut speaking gently. "Hilda!" Covering her mouth she also cried too."How could you say that Hilda? You are my dearest sister."

Leaning on Daniel she kept on speaking gently. "Trust me! I would rather choose to hurt someone else than think about hurting you."

After a while, Daniel said cruelly. "I never thought you would be such an unreasonable person Hilda. You really disappoint me!"


Engulfed in silence, Hilda sat on the ground with her arms around her legs. Falling into a trance, she recalled that it was Daniel who helped her move when she was moving. He even promise not to turn his back on her and that they were going
to get engaged when the time was right and then get married after. She never expected it to be a cruel joke.

Feeling like the day before had been a bad dream, she pinched her self over and over again with her tears streaming down her face as the pain was real. Everything was real. It really had happened.

Hilda looked up after a long while. In a daze, she got up from the floor. She had to be strong. She had to move on with her life regardless. It has already happened.

On the other side, Daniel and Carmen didn't look good after being chased out by Hilda. Looking at Daniel Carmen carefully voiced out. "What should we do now Daniel? Hilda probably hates us now. I told you we should have told her before getting engaged. Hilda has always been head strong since we were kids. She won't bow to anyone that easily. I want to be with you Daniel." Tugging pitifully on his sleeves Carmen cried like a little girl.

Daniel frowned and patted her back to console her. "Don't worry Carmen. I love you so I won't leave you even if Hilda disagrees. I promise you that she won't be able to separate us."

Carmen smiled after she heard Daniel's promise. She held his hands and tip toed to kiss him.′′Ilove you too Daniel."

Daniel held her and returned the kiss. After a while,they
parted reluctantly. As Carmen leaned on Daniel's chest, she smiled cruelly. Look Hilda, the man you love the most is now mine. Finally mine!




Hilda couldn't sleep well through out the night. Waking up she felt weak.


In the bathroom, standing in front of the mirror she looked at her face which was pale with bloodshot eyes. She didn't have a good sleep. She splashed some water on her face. Looking at her reflection in the mirror, she teared up again.

Freshening up, she got dressed and applied a little bit of makeup to cover up a bloodshot eyes and her pale face and left for the grocery shop.

Since it was morning, she had to prepare for work but she decided against it since she just got back. Walking out of the house she kept giving herself some pep talks. "Hilda, don't worry you will be fine. He doesn't deserve you. Cheer up.Everything will bealright."

She was in a trance as she recalled all those times she went grocery shopping together with Daniel. Suddenly a car skidded to a halt.


Shocked, Hilda jumped back, stumbled and fell down to the ground. Although she wasn't hurt by the car, as she stumbled
and fell to the ground she felt a sharp pain shoot from her ankle.


The driver of the car looked out at the woman on the ground and gulped nervously. Turning to look at the man in the backseat. he stammered. "S- Sir?"

The man frowned. Looking out indifferently he asked the man in the passenger seat to go and take a look. "Yes Sir." Nodding.Stanley got out and circled the car to the front to take a look.

Getting closer Stanley noticed that it was Hilda who had her eyes wide open looking scared. There was tear streaks on her face."Are you alright Miss? Should I take you to the hospital?"

Still shocked, Hilda stared at him dumbfoundedly for a while before quietly standing up and brushed past him.

Stanley noticed how weird she was behaving and asked again."Are you alright? Should I..."

" I'm fine." Interrupting him, Hilda starred at the black car which was all tinted and for some reason she felt scared.Hating the feeling, she frowned.

A moment later, she turned around and tried limping away.Stanley found her actions really strange and tried calling out to her again but before he could, he noticed his boss was trying to catch up to her.
Stanley dared not make any moves. He stood there and watched as his boss cupped her into his arms and carried her back into the car.


"What are you doing? Put me down I said I'm fine. Leave me alone." Shouting Hilda hit him on the back. "I'm fine."

Paying no heed to her, he placed her in the car. Looking at her who was red with rage. Nathan shook his head. "You are limping, you need to see a doctor. Don't worry I won't do anything to you."

"I said I'm fine and I don't need to see a doctor."

Looking at the petite lady in beside him, he ordered the driver to head to the hospital.

Fuming, Hilda looked outof the window. Looking at her petite body,Nathan smiled and tapped on his knees rhythmically.

Stanley was perplex. "But sir, the meet..." Feeling his boss's cold gaze, he dared not continue.*
###Chapter 6

At the hospital.

Getting out of the car, Nathan decided to carry her again.Sensing what he wanted to do. Hilda backed away saying."I can walk don't worry."

Shaking his head, he watched as she limped into the hospital.

In the hospital, Hilda was taken into a ward to be taken care of. Taking this chance, Stanley moved over to Nathan and said."Sir, about the meeting with the clients fromAmerica,they are already waiting for you."

With a cold glare he said coldly with a deep meaning "You seem to be regressing Stanley." Ignoring him, he walked into the ward. Noticing him, the doctors bowed respectfully and explained her condition to him.

"Mr. Nathan, it is nothing serious. She seemed to have sprained her ankle but she is going to be okay after some few days of treatment."

Nodding his head, the doctors walked out.

Looking at Hilda meaningfully, he said sarcastically. "You can't wait to be my woman so you throw yourself at my car to get my attention,no?"
Angrily, Hilda snorted. "Me? Who said I can't wait to be with you? If you were not the one who brought me here, do you think I would have wanted to be around you? Dream on."

"Wooh,you really are a fierce one. I was just teasing you.Anyway, have you thought about my proposal of being my woman?"


Flippantly she replied. "In your dreamns. I won't even think about being with you."

Squinting at her with his eyes gleaming he said. "You are objecting the idea of being my wife violently Miss Hilda. But that isn't going to work. The more you refuse, the more I want to marry you. I want just you."

"But why? You already know my story. My boyfriend became my brother- in - law, my parents do not trust me. The public is even against me so why would you want to marry me?"

Looking at her he said. "Don't sell yourself short. Contrary to what you believe and think about yourself,you are not completely out of resources and support. From now on,you will have me.'

A sense of danger crept up in her. Her intuition told her that this man isn't that simple as he looks. "I don't need your help."

Leaning languidly on the wall, he looked at Hilda."Don't you want to go against him? Don't you hate him for hurting you?
After alI he was the closest person to you."

"What do you want?"

"Just marry me." He sauntered over, making Hilda who was on the hospital bed's heart beat uncontrollable.

This guy must be mad. "Mr. Nathan, don't you understand?I won't marry you. I don't know you and I don't love you."

"Who do you love then? Daniel? Well too bad because now.he is your brother- in - law. And you shouldn't·be thinking of getting him back." Nathan said mercilessly.

Waiting for her answer, he held her chin. Hilda swatted his hands away. "What has my life got to do with you? Why must you marry me?"

"I want a wife and you fit the description. And you are the only woman whom I don't feel disgusted being around with."

"What? Are you sick? What do you mean by you don't feel disgusted by me? Mr. Nathan, if you got any problem, go see a doctor."


Nathan smiled ar her. "You don't need to give me a response this soon. I will be back to check on you. You can also call me if you are done thinking it through. No pressure but I will be waiting for a positive answer. Don't say no to a kind offer."
"Kind offer? He must have some hidden agenda." Looking at the door where he walk out of, Hilda's face fell.

She never expected her boyfriend to hook up with her sister once she was away to further her studies. She is the victim here but everyone out there was saying she is a homewrecker.Even her mother was on her sister's side.


Nathan looked like a young gentleman though and among the society of Taadi city, he had an outstanding status and prestige.
In fact, he was also known as the richest man in Taadi City.Therefore no one would question him when he makes a decision.

Hilda who was still lying on the bed had an expression as if she was in a daze on her face. Her lackluster eyes seemed empty. Her eyes reflected desolation. She felt like she was just an empty and numb vessel at that moment.

It took me so much to love when Daniel courted me back then.I left to study per his wishes so I could manage to secure a managerial position his family's company only for me to come back for me to be stabbed in the back by him.

Since she hasn't eaten anything the whole day, her stomach started growling with hunger. Pressing on the bell beside her bed, a nurse entered. She was in the VIP ward and since it was Mr. Nathan who brought her himself, the nurses attended to her diligently.
After some time, food was brought him for her. Looking at the food, she said. " I didn't request for this."

Nodding the nurse reply. "Mr. Nathan ordered these for you."

Looking at the sumptuous meal, she smiled without even knowing it. Thanking the nurse, she started digging in. After some time, she finish up almost all the food.

Around dusk, she started feeling bored so she decided to take a nap.




Clemon Group.

Nathan was still in his office when he noticed it was passed working hours. Packing up, he decided to pass by the hospital since it has been two days. "Stanley, tell the driver to prepare the car we would be heading for the hospital."

At the hospital, Hilda has been feeling bored every time so she was fast asleep. Opening the door to her ward, the man's eyes scanned Hilda thoroughly. He looked her up and down and frowned slightly. Looking at her for the second time,he relaxed his scowl. He strode towards the bed.


The man then glanced coldly at Stanley as he broke the silence."Go and get her discharge papers done with." With that Stanley walked out.
His voice was cold yet mysterious and elegantly melodious.He sounded inexplicable tantalizing. Soon Hilda opened her eyes and revel in his voice.


All this while. Hilda has not really taken a really good look at him. But looking at him now, He was in a white shirt, the thin material of the shirt couldn't hide his perfectly proportioned and sculped body. He stood there as those welcoming the breeze and he had a model - like figure. His short hair was messy but seemed stylish with several strand of stray hair on his forehead.


"You like what you see?" Breaking the silence Nathan asked with a smile.


Blushing Hilda stammered not knowing how to respond. "I, I,I..."
###Chapter 7

Smiling Nathan said. "You are getting discharged."

"Oh okay. Thank you."

"My pleasure." Nathan replied looking at Hilda with a smile.Hilda frowned looking at the smile which seems to come with an irresistible charm. For some reasons, she doesn't like him behaving like this around her.

Looking at her who was packing up to leave he stated. "I would be waiting for you downstairs."

She hurriedly rejected him saying. "I don't want to trouble you Mr. Nathan so I will hail a ride back myself."

"You seem to dislike me Miss Adams. Is it that you got a thing for me?" Nathan arched his eyebrow.


Feeling annoyed with his way of thinking. "Don't take this the wrong way Mr. Nathan. I just think we should maintain some distance since we are not related. You seem to be very busy, so I won't be bothering you. Good day."

Hilda was about to move out of the ward when Nathan grabbed her hand.


Nathan squinted, feeling delighted when he saw her blush from anger.′′I7m not busy. I would send you back. Besides,
abandoning a lady at the side of the road should not be something a gentleman would be doing."

Nathan seemed to be agreeable but in actuality, he was being bossy. He tightened his grip on her hand not willing to let her go.

Hilda looked at the grip on her hand and her face turned unnaturally scarlet. Biting her lip, she stopped struggling.

When Nathan noticed she wasn't struggling anymore, he let her go. "Let's get going Miss Adams." Hilda looked at him angrily but still complied.

Exiting the building, Nathan opened the backseat of his car and said, "Miss Adams please." Even though Hilda got into the car, she didn't want to have any contact with Nathan. Smiling Nathan added. "Seat belt please."

After telling the driver the address, she didn't speak anymore and stared out of the window except for when the driver made some wrong turns.

Nathan wasn't an idiot as he notice her distaste for him. When they got to her apartment complex he glanced at her. "The deal still stands. Anytime or day you feel like pulling the trigger you can call me."

Hilda pursed her lips. "You seemed to be a successful man Mr.Nathan, and you are an eligible bachelor. If words got out, I
think all the ladies in Taadi City would line up to be your partner. You do not have to be wasting your time on me."

"That's what you think, not me. Fate blows in random directions Miss Hilda. If you can't run away from it.why don't you just face it? Isn't that what they say?" Nathan looked at her as there seemed to be a different layer of meaning to his question.

Biting her lips, Hilda tried to get off. Tapping his fingers on the door handle, Nathan unlocked the doors. "Now that we are here, I shouldn't bother you anymore Miss Adams."

He knew what he should do at all times. So he was being patient with his prey. He knows when to strike and when to retreat.


Hilda got down. "Thank you for sending me home Mr. Nathan.But sorry for I won't be accepting the deal."

He smiled. "I don't believe in absolutism. It's getting late Miss Adams."


Hilda closed the door and watched the Maybach get further and further away before turning to head inside. The moment she turned around, she froze.


She looked at the man standing not very far away from her.He was in a suit and looked very explicit, she felt her heart squeeze as her face turned pale.
The facade she had been putting up the whole time from the hospital in the car came crumbling down at the very moment.She clenched her fists, her nails digging into her flesh. but she couldn't feel the pain as it was incomparable to what she was feeling deep within her heart. All her attention was on him as she bit her lips.

Daniel saw her a while back from when she got down from the Maybach. He hadn't taken his eyes off her. All this while he had thought about how awkward it was going to be between them after they broke up and how she was going to hate him for that.


However he never expected her to get over him and hook up with another man in such a short period of time. For some inexplicable reason, he felt annoyed and angered. He stared at her looking displeased. "Who was the man who dropped you off just now?"

Hilda felt amused. How dare he have the guts to interrogate me after he cheated on me with mny sister? "Who he is has got nothing to do with you don't you know that?"

"How could it have nothing to do with me?" Daniel was furious.


Hilda thought this man was laughable even unbelievable.

"Do you know what you are doing? Yes I know Carmen and I
have hurt you but you can only accept it. You are young and do not have to hook up with the first man you see it is degrading! I am now your brother- in - law. I won't hurt you Hilda..." He paused when he noticed the odd way he called himself brother- in-law.


"Degrading? Do you know what you are talking about?" Hilda felt it was funny. "Well thanks for your concern." She sneered."But please don't show up ever again in front of me. Alright I get it. You love Carmen a lot. Gross. What do you want from me then? See, the problem is I took a step back and you didn't.All you do is keep taking a step forward." Hilda couldn't understand what he was thinking.

"Hilda!" Daniel looked at her incredulously. He couldn't believe that this was the woman who agreed to everything he said and thought about him all the time turning out this way."How could you speak to me this way? You disappoint me."

"D*mn you Daniel! Did you leave your brain at home? How would you expect her woman to forgive her boyfriend for cheating and also the b*tch that he cheated with? How dare you expect me to be nice to you? You think I am someone you could easily bully? Dream on you prick. And I am not a saint but I was blind enough to fall in love with an assh*le like you back then. F*ck off Now!"


Angered by her words Daniel also flared up "Why must you be saying all this to me Hilda? Is it because of the man who
brought you back with the Maybach? What did he tell you for you to be so unreasonable? It has been less than a week but now look at how you are behaving? You weren't this kind of a woman back then."
###Chapter 8

Shaking her head. she thought there must be something wrong with him. "What kind of woman was I? Huh? The kind that was meek and docile. The submissive and kind woman who listens to all your orders? The one who calls you 'master' and follows you around like a dog following it's master? You sent me away to further my education since you said my skills would be needed by the company. It was all a plan right? A scheme for you to hook up with my sister when I was away.What happened to us facing trials and tribulations together?Carmen took care of you when I was away so that's fine for you to hook up with her hah."

Daniel chipped in. "Do you know what you are saying? How can you think about your sister and I like that? Carmen and I love each other. We fell in love with eac..."

"That's enough Daniel. I get it. You and Carmen are in love.Just don't keep on saying it. I understand. I won't want to completely crush and ruin the last bit of good impression left if I were you. You disgust me. Leave I don't want to see you."

Glaring at her who was speaking with anger Daniel couldn't understand what he did wrong. Buh after a moment of gazing at her, he noticed that after a few days of not seeing her, she looks way more prettier as the days goes by.

Turning around. Hilda walked into her apartment complex and
took out her keys to open her door. Entering her room. she spare no glance at Daniel as if he was a plague. All she wanted was to be far away from him.

Thinking about the chat she had with Daniel just now, she felt disgusted.Seeming tired, the talk just now had drained her.

Daniel looked at her till she entered her apartment and felt an inexplicable feeling of sadness welling up within him. Was that the docile woman who loved him so much all this years? What happened to the once caring, patient and understanding woman.

All this while I thought she would understand why I have to be with Carmen. If she could still feel a little bit of love she had for me, she would know I love her. WNhat had changed?At least we could still be friends. Or she is acting like this because of the man with the Maybach? What at all did he say to her to make her so unreasonable?




Soon the weekend has passed. Arriving at work, Hilda took a deep breath. Walking into the lobby, she noticed the strange looks everyone had as they stared at her. She was already prepared as she expected this.

Walking into the building, she heard whispers coming from some of her colleagues.
"See she is the one. The home wrecker." Pointing at her one colleague said.

"Look she is pretty too so why would she choose to come between her sister and brother- in - law?" Another colleague added.


"I think she is jealous of her sister being engaged to the director that's why." Another colleague chided.

Looking at them who were pointing at her, Hilda's eyes darkened. She stared at them coldly and walked away into her office. Although she had expected this to happen, she didn't expect them to be this hurting.

In her office, she was preparing her stuffs as it has been a while since she had been there when she heard a knock."Come in." Raising her heard to look, so noticed it was her assistant from before.

"Can I enter?" Annabel asked peeping with her head.

Smiling Hilda said. "Of course. Come on in and have a seat."

Entering Annabel shook her head and said dully. "Hilda I know you are not that kind of person. Besides you and the director...."


"Don't worry, I'm okay. Let them say what they want to say."Hilda shook her head. Although she said so herself, she felt
bitter after all, she was the one being wronged as the home wrecker."


Annabel knew there was a little thing between Hilda and the Director because she had seen them together some times before.

"Welcome back though. But now I got a new leader.Since you have been away for two years, I'm now working under someone else but if there is something you need. I will always be here."


Smiling Hilda replied. "You don't have to worry. I will be okay.



After chatting for a while, Annabel left.

Sitting in her office Hilda sighed. She needs to apply for work elsewhere because it would be bad for her to run into Carmen and Daniel here. With that in mind, Hilda started typing her resignation letter. After all, she has furthered her studies so she would be able to enroll in a company bigger than this.

As the day ended, Hilda packed up and headed to visit her family after all it been two years since she left home for her studies.


Arriving at the doorsteps, Hilda became worried. standing there for a while, the butler noticed her hesitance and hurried to open the door and ushered her in. "You are back Little Young Miss. Why are you standing by the door? Please come in."
Smiling the butler led her in. "Miss you are finally back.Madam and Master are in the study."

Nodding. Hilda replied. "Okay, I would heard there first."Holding something in her hand, she gave it to the butler and headed for the study."

Taking the gifts the butler made her way into the kitchen.

Heading inside, she heard voices of whisper coming from the study. Getting closer, she heard her mom mentioning her name."Lewis, Hilda is such a b*tch. She is just like her mother. If I had know she would be competing with my daughter I wouldn't have taken her in."


"Shut up Amanda! You know you shouldn't be saying this now. What if someone overhears? Let me think of something so that she doesn't get to come between Carmen and Daniel."

Looking shocked, Hilda's face turned paled. She isn't their biological child. So that was why they kept on maltreating her?Everything she did was inappropriate in front of her mother.She thought if she gave everything to Carmen, studies and becomes first in class, her mother would love her but nothing seemed to faze her because she was never her daughter.Holding back her tears she leaned closer.

"Lewis,how about we give her off to marriage with the Cross after after all we can build business ties with them. Hilda can
not be useless. She got to help since the company is in debt now. the Cross family should be best in out interest."

Hearing her mother's words. Hilda couldn't control herself as her tears streamed down her face and she run out of the house not waiting to hear her father's reply.
###Chapter 9

Running out, she run as far as she can with her tears still streaming down her face. Arriving at a desolated corner.she sat on the floor with her head in between her knees as she cried.


Nathan was driving by him self after a hard day's work when he spotted a tiny little figure sitting on the ground with head buried in her knees. Taking a look, he looked away indifferently as he didn't care. Buh a moment later he felt the person looked familiar.

Stepping on the brakes, he stopped the car at the opposite side of the street. Getting out he walked to the other side. Looking at her with head buried between her knees, He felt an inexplicable sadness within him. "Miss Hilda, are you okay?"

Raising her head to look at him who was staring at her with a caring gaze, Hilda couldn't helpbut cry again. Getting up,she hugged him and cried desperately.

"Looking at her who was hugging him and crying as if she lost everything, he felt his heart tighten. Patting her back, he said to her. "Don't worry. It's okay. I'm here for you1." After consoling her for sometime she stopped crying.

Picking her into his arms he carried her to his car. Helping her into the passenger seat he fastened her seat belt before also
getting in.

Getting in the driver's seat, he tapped his fingers on his knee as he stared at her. "What happened?"

Without replying she asked. "Does the deal still count?"

Amused he feigned ignorance. "Which deaI are you talking about?"

"The deal you said the other time." Hilda mused

Acting confused he asked again. "Miss Hilda, what deal are you talking about? Seems like I have forgotten so if you would enlighten me."

Looking at him who was feigning ignorance. she decided to go all in and said. "The deal about erm... me being your woman.You asking me to marry you. Does it still stand?"

"Of course it still stands. As I said, you are the only woman who I don't feel repulsed when I'm around you."

Her face flashed scarlet red immediately. "What if I don't have an origin? Will you still want to marry me?"

Hearing her question there was a slight change in his expression as his gaze darkened but it soon returned to normal."Miss Adams, what do you mean by that? I meant it when I asked you to be my woman and nothing is going to make me
change my mind.

Hilda's heart began to race uncontrollable, making her feel at a loss at what to do.


Looking at her who didn't say anything further.Nathan decided to drop it and started the ignition before driving off to his residence.


On the way, silence engulfed the car as no one spoke. Nathan understood that she might be going through a tough time so he didn't push her further. Arriving, Hilda was surprised."Where are we?"

Smiling he replied. "Welcome to my humble abode."

"Why are we here?" Hilda asked

Frowning he replied. "The last time I dropped you off see what happened. I don't want my woman being unhappy so you gonna rest here for the time being. And look how weak you are from all the crying."

Hilda wanted to refute but he did have a point. She just got to know she is not her parents biological daughter and also her boyfriendd is with her sister so tagging along here won't be a bad idea after all Nathan seemed to be a nice person.

Since she was quiet Nathan carried her into the house intohis bedroom after which he excited and called Samuel. "Come to
my residence."




After sometime Samuel came over. Looking at Nathan who was sitting in the living room with a frown he asked. "What's wrong?"

Without replying he got up and headed for his bedroom.Looking behind him he shouted. "Hurry up and get up here."

Raising an eyebrow he looked at Nathan who was already up the steps before thinking. "It is rare for Nathan to speak with such attitude."

In the bedroom, Hilda was already asleep since she was weak.

Samuel walked over and checked up on her who was lying in Nathan's bed after all Nathan never allows a woman into his residence. "Hah, it's your missus again. Seems like she has a fever. So what are we to do?" he asked while stroking his chin.

"You are the doctor and you are asking me what we should do.Why else did I ask you here? Nathan asked sternly.

"Hey... It is nothing serious. I will have to check her temperature and prescribe some medications." After which he left for the living room.

After some time Nathan came down. Looking at him Samuel
asked. "Bro, is your missus better now?"

Narrowing his eyes Nathan asked. "You are here still? Why haven't you left?"

"....." Samuel was speechless.

Was he just getting cast aside like this? He rushed here after the call from Nathan and he is being treated like this now. "Come on bro,You're being so unkind now!"

"Unkind?" Nathan scoffed.

"Hey, hey, I just lent you a hand. Do you have to be like this?"He wasn't going to let Nathan chase him away this easily."But come to think of it, ain't you worried that your missus fever might get serious later? Since I am the doctor why not let me stay?"

"There is no need!" Nathan frowned and headed back upstairs.

Samuel raised his eye brows. Seeing Nathan walk away he dared not say anything. Picking up his car keys in defeat he left.


Nathan returned upstairs and let out a sigh of relief after noticing Hilda laying peacefully on the bed. He stood by the bedside and watched her with an unusual hint of warmth in his dark eyes without him noticing then he reached out to cover her with a blanket.
Walking out, he walked to the balcony with a cigarette in his hand. Helit it but didn't take a puff.

At the balcony, he stood there for a long while enjoying the breeze. He only left for the study after receiving a message from his assistant.


"The details of Miss Hilda and her family." Stanley had been with Nathan for a while so he really knew the man's habit.Since he wanted her details. He had to get it done real fast.
###Chapter 10

Looking at the details, he frowned. Pushing it aside, he busied himself with work.


Nathan finally packed up his work when it was past midnight.He stood on the balcony gazing at the sky. It was deep into the night and his residence was engulfed by complete darkness.His sharp bright eyes looked brighter than usual under the night sky.

He passed by the master's bedroom and entered. Hilda was still sleeping peacefully but he decided to watch over her lest her fever became serious overnight.

As he stood by the bedside gazing down on Hilda, He noticed her initial scarlet face had now returned to normal. She was looking exquisite.

Nathan could tell at first glance that Hilda was a real beauty but he didn't expect her to look this good.

With a smile, he pulled the blanket over her with his slender fingers. She looked rather unruly when she slept as her usual demeanor was different. It was too warm for her as she gave the blanket a kick when she felt it revealing her bare shoulders.

At that moment, Nathan's gaze darkened and his breathe became more rapid as it deepened with an irregular beat.He lowered his head to look at his body and then the sleeping
Hilda. He felt rather despicable with him self.

It was like ever since he met Hilda, he hadn't been able to restrain him self. Suddenly, a deafening sound was head as Hilda's phone began ringing. Hilda frowned at that. Nathan's gaze darkened.

With his cold gaze, he walked over and picked up the phone only to notice it was Daniel and a few other missed calls.Curling his lips, he muted the phone and watched as it flickered on it's own time and again paying no heed to it.

Hilda couldn't sleep well. It was only after some time did she fell warm and relaxed slightly the more she felt comfortable.But for some reasons, she felt like someone was keeping watch on her with a cold gaze. She even felt chills running down her spine in her dream.

She opened her eyes and noticed the unfamiliar room.Naturally she was in a daze as she stared dumbfoundedly at everything in the room. The lack of familiarity made her feel unsafe.


The though of this made her pull the blanket aside to look at her clothes. Her dress was replaced by a long white sleeve shirt of a man's. The shirt was big that it had reached her thighs looking a bit funny on her.

She stared in shock at what she was wearing and slowly began
to come back to her senses.

She had gone to her family villa to visit her parents. Then she overhead their whispers of her not being their daughter and how they want to send her off in marriage to form an alliance.Then she run out. All of a sudden Nathan's face flashed in her mind. It was him.


As the memories from the night began to resurface in her mind.she turned pale and couldn't heIp but tremble slightly.

She knew how much her parents favored her sister but she had believed that is was because she was the youngest. Hilda never expected that they only treated her this way because she was not their biological child. So all these while,they have never thought about her as their own.

"You are awake?"

A man's clear voice rang across the room interrupting her train of thoughts. She cautiously took a few steps backwards only to accidentally bump into the bed and fall right back into it.Her face looked paled.

Nathan raised an eyebrow as he looked at her who looked so frightened. Why is she behaving this way?

Realizing that she may have overreacted, Hilda smiled awkwardly. "Mr. Nathan".
"Mmm." Nathan nodded. "Good to see you are awake. Are you feeling alright? There is some medicine on the table for your fever."


"Fever? I don't have any fever." Hilda took a deep breath. She didn't want to be indebted to him but he still came to her aid this time around too. "Thank you! But my..." Hilda awkwardly looked at the clothes on her. "These clothes."

"I changed you into it!" Nathan replied. "There are no maids or women in this house, so I had to."

Hilda blushed as she bit her lower lips. How could he say something like this so straightforward?

Hilda was embarrassed as she thought of how she had exposed her body to Nathan which seemed to be a regular occurrence when ever she was around him. "Ah.. No. That's not what I meant. I'm asking about my clothes. Where is it?'

Nathan noticed how embarrassed Hilda was and how hard she was trying to hide it making her actions unnatural. Smiling helplessly he explained. "It's probably still not dried up yet. I don't have a washing machine here as all my clothes get sent out to the laundry."

"Are you hungry?" Hilda felt hungry after hearing the question.

She hadn't had anything when she went to her family villa last night and she spent all night crying as it drained her energy.
When she nodded, Nathan pointed to the bathroom. "There is a new set of tooth brush and tooth paste. Freshen up and come down and eat when you are ready."

"Okay!"

As she watched Nathan turn to leave, she covered her face as she felt it was burning.

She hurriedly entered the bathroom. Looking at the exquisite design, she realized Nathan's taste was really extraordinary.Whether the bathroom or bedroom, she noticed the interior design of these rooms were top notch.

Judging by the brand new products on the sink, she noticed Nathan had prepared it for her. Hilda felt her heart warm by this sweet gesture.

After a while she was done as she walked out of the bedroom.It was only after walking out did she notice it was Nathan's master bedroom. A strange thought suddenly crossed her mind.

Nathan was about to go up and call her when he noticed she was standing in front of the bedroom door without coming down. He gave the railing a light knock and asked. " Are you not feeling hungry Miss Adams?'

Hilda snapped out of her daze and regained her composure."Sorry to trouble you Mr. Nathan."
She followed him into the dinner hall and realized how big the place was. Does he live alone in this big house? "Do you leave alone Mr. Nathan or with your family?"

Nathan's gaze darkened as he raised an eyebrow. He turned and looked at her with his cold gaze.

Immediately their eyes met. Hilda couldn't help but shiver slightly. Did she say something wrong? She didn't expect Nathan to react this way at the mention of his family.
###Chapter 11

Pulling a chair out. Hilda remained standing for a long time.

Nathan retracted his gaze and his lips curled into a faint smile."Family? I don't have one yet."

Hilda's heart beat uncontrollably as she wondered if she had said something she shouldn't have. Feeling at a loss, she finally sat down.


Nathan smiled and brought a pot of porridge from the kitchen."Miss Hilda, it couldn't be helped last night as I had to lower your body temperature. The doctor said youa might have a fever again today but since you are all fine you should take something really light."

Hilda looked at him in surprise. He looked different from the usual cold demeanor he usually had. Nathan wasn't in suit today.He merely wore a set of grey colored casual clothes but he still looked really good.

And the most surprising was his homely demeanor.He could even cook. "It smells good." Hilda said as she took a whiff.

Nathan smiled and filled her bowl with some porridge. "Then give it a try. I only started making it earlier so there wasn't much time."

Taking a mouthful, "No, it's better than what I would make."
Hilda said truthfully as she ate. Nathan wasn't just handsome but he was also good at cooking too.

Nathan squinted. He seemed pleased with her reaction. "Since it is good, You should help yourself to more."

"Okay." Hilda nodded but froze the next moment. She looked up at Nathan and the memories from yesterday reappeared in her mind.


She recalled all what her mother and father as said. She was still of use. She was going to be married off to someone to form a marriage alliance with her family.

Hilda bit her lips as she stirred her bowl of porridge. "Mr.Nathan, You said you wanted me to be your woman. You said you will marry me. Is the deal still on?"

She had thought about it. If she really had to marry someone,then Nathan certainly wouldn't be a bad choice. At least she still had a say in this marriage. At least Nathan won't decide on his own and she wouldn't have to submit to someone to form a marriage alliance.

Hilda bit her lips until it almost tore. She lowered her head and gripped the spoon as she waited for Nathan's reply.

Nathan's eyes narrowed as he stared at Hilda. He placed the spoon down and tapped on the dinningtable with his slender fingers in a rhythmic manner. He gazed at Hilda with his pair
of cold eyes making her vulnerable. He didn't speak but there was a hint of amusement in his eyes.

Hilda felt so nervous after not hearing his answer after some time. Time came to a stand - still as Hilda's heart beat faster than normal and uncontrollably. She suddenly regretted asking that on impulse. No matter what was goingthrough her mind,she shouldn't have asked that.


Blushing, she kept her head down as she was really embarrassed. She couldn't bring herself to look at Nathan.Which girl would asked such a shameless question?

Nathan had been staring at her as he took notice of all the reactions she had on her face after saying those words.His eyes glistened with smiles. He tapped his fingers on the table as though he was knocking on Hilda's heart.

Biting her lips, Hilda felt more awkward. She was in a passive position now. No matter what she says it is going to be very passive. "Ugh... Don't take me serious. I was just asking."

"But I already did." Nathan said with a hint of jest in his voice.



Hilda had wanted to give up on her question as she found it embarrassing but she never expected Nathan to respond this way. She look up and stared at him in disbelieve. "Huh? What do you mean by that?"
She though Nathan wasn't being serious because his actions just now said otherwise. she wasn't hoping for him to take her serious.


"You heard me. I'm a person who stands by his words and do not joke around. I said I will give you time to consider and since you have made up your mind to bring it up now, we should talk about it. There shouldn't be a turning back. What do you think?"

As he spoke, Hilda felt a moment of fear but for some reasons but it quickly disappeared. From the beginning since Nathan voiced out, she felt a tingling sensation in her heart.

"I just.... I just wanted to..."

"You don't have to worry Miss Adams. I'm not concerned about what made you speed up your decision making though."

Hilda had no idea how to describe her feeling at that moment.Should she entrust her life to him just like that?


Nathan continued. "Don't worry Miss Adams, As I have said before. Marry me and I will give you the happiness no man can." Tapping on the table he continued. "If you agree to it,you can request anything you want."

Hilda thought for a moment and asked,"Why me Mr. Nathan?"

Nathan did not respond and the atmosphere became tense. He
stopped tapping on the dinning table and looked at Hilda.After a while he smiled. "Do you really want to know why?"

Hilda nodded.

"There is no particular reason. It just so happens that you appeared at the right place at the right time so that makes you the right person."

Hilda figured that since she was going to get married to Nathan she has got to know about his thoughts and convey hers.


Hilda stared into Nathan's eyes trying to figure out something by looking into them. Nathan also stared back as their gazes locked. Hilda retracted her gaze before replying "Okay."

"So what's your answer Miss Adams?"

Hilda nodded and after a while decided "If we get married, my wants are actually quite simple plus I do not like anything complicated. I will be sure to manage things well and so I will never consider divorce."

Nathan raised an eyebrow. "That's great. We think alike. I won't initiate a divorce but of course you should let me know any day you wish to end this marriage." He said with a smile."Anymore questions?"
###Chapter 12

Hilda thought for while before speaking. "My relationship wwith the Adams family is very complicated. You already know it.I do not have access to any of my family's share nor a place in the family business. You are aware of that right? And I'm already gonna be given off on a marriage alliance with another family so once they find out..."

Nathan nodded. "Only a worthless man would depend on his woman like this for family alliance. And you don't have to worry about these. I will take care of it once we get married.Don't you trust me?"

Hilda laughed."Okay."

Nathan raised his tone slightly and asked in confusion. "I was thinking you would be talking more about matters relating to your personal benefits?"

"Benefits?" Hilda felt uncomfortable for some reasons. She didIn't want their marriage to involve such things. "There is no need to talk about those. I trust you."

Nathan curled his lips. "Since you have no more questions,when do you want to get married?"

Hilda felt complicated. She had always pictured her wedding with Daniel as it was suppose to be the happiest day of her life.
They were in love with each other that she was sure they were
going to have an unforgettable wedding. But in the end,she was left behind with only painful memories of their life time that would last forever.


Her hopes of having a beautiful and unforgettable wedding was crushed by Daniel and her sister and now she was going to get married to Nathan. She barely had any idea who he was as they had only met up twice all being a bad timing. They barely understood each other let alone to love each other. She isn't getting married with love so why should she delay?

"The sooner, the better!"

Since she wasn't getting married for love, she might as well make it quick. She wanted to at least have a say in her marriage. Even if it doesn't go well, she would not have any regrets. If I don't marry him I won't be able to run away from my so called parents scheme.

Nathan eyes shone with a slight chill. "Okay. Then today it is!"

"Today?" Hilda was dumbstruck. "But.. I don't have my house hold register. It is still with my parents so unless I go to the Villa."


Even though she wanted to get married as soon as possible,she didn't expert it to be this fast."Can't it wait for a few days?11


Hilda knew it would be impossible to gret her hands on her
house hold register today. She would need her mother and father's approval which she knew she wasn't going to get easily.She was in a bind.

"It's will be impossible for me to get a hold of my house hold register from my family's villa today."

"You don't have to worry about that. Just leave that to me."Nathan said.


Hilda looked at him as she was suspicious as to what he meant by that but Nathan merely glanced at her. "Let's eat the food whiles it is still hot lest it turns cold."


After the two finished their breakfast, Nathan cleaned up while Hilda sat in the living room watching TV. It was like she was already familiar with the place.

Nathan called Stanley and had him alert those at the Civil Affairs Bureau that we was coming over. Entering the hall,he noticed Hilda sitting on the couch. He looked at her figure as the sun rays seeped in through the window and shone onto her body,giving her a relaxed and cozy vibe.

All these years, he had been the only person living in his residence. His life has always been very peaceful but with one more person around, it actually didn't seem really bad.

Hilda seemed like she was enjoying the show as she was laughing uncontrollably. HIer sweet voice sounded particularly
soothing in the ears as it rang in the residence.

He wasn't uncomfortable with Hilda's arrival. Maybe it would be nice for him to have her by his side in the future however.....

Nathan narrowed his eyes slightly and his smiling eyes turned cold. After staring at her for a while he spoke up. "Let us head for the Civil Affairs Bureau."


Hilda stopped watching the TV as she turned around to look at Nathan. She looked at herself before her face reddened. She was wearing Nathan's shirt. Although the shirt was large, it was a provocative sight.

"Where are my clothes?" She asked

"Let's go upstairs first."

"Okay." Hilda followed behind him as he headed upstairs.

In the bedroom, Nathan disappeared as soon as he entered whereas Hilda glanced around to search for her phone. Since it was in the Master's bedroom, she retrieved it and realized it was off.


Hilda turned it on and was greeted by numerous missed calls.Most of them where from Daniel while the rest was from her two bestfriends.

She pursed her lips and called Sonnia first.
"Hey Sonnia, it's me Hilda." Hilda said. "My phone ran out of battery last night. Why did you call me?"

"Where are you?" Sonnia has been worried ever sinceshe saw the news. "When did you come back Hilda? When I saw the news I was really shocked. How could Daniel act that way?Hilda tell me are you alright?"

Hilda bit her lips. "Sonnia, Don't worry about me. I'm fine. Yes I was in a foul mood when I knew they were engaged but now I'm okay you don't have to worrry."

As far as she knew, Sonnia never really liked Carmen. She knew Sonnia was going to kick up a fuss with Carmen and she didn't want that to happen.

"Really?" Sonnia found it hard to believe Hilda but since she insisted, she also said nothing. "Girl, you must tell me if something happens with Carmen. I will get even with her for you."


"I know Sonnia. Don't worry. I am not that easy to be bullied."Hanging up Hilda called Naima. As soon as the call was connected Naima's anxious voice was heard. "Hilda, what happened? How come Carmen is now engaged to Daniel? How are you coping after this news? How about you come join me here?"

Laughing, Hilda replied "Naima, don't worry. I'm fine. I'm not
upset honestly. I guess Daniel and I weren't meant to be."

"Oh babe, fate played such a cruel game on you. How could Daniel be meant for Carmen? Anyways, don't worry. If you miss me just tell me and I will fly back just for you."

"Okay." Hilda was delighted. She didn't want to travel now as Carmen might think she got everything now. "If I miss you,I would definitely book a flight just to have you come down."

When Hilda was done with the call, she saw Nathan already beside her with a box in his hand.

With her phone still in her hand, her heart was beating rapidly.

"You clothes are still wet so I went out to buy this for you. Put it on!"


"Thank you." Hilda took the box and opened it. It was a long but fairylike dress. Taking a second glance she widened her eyes. It was from a famous brand which was known for it exquisite designs in dresses.

"What? You don't like it?" Nathan asked when he noticed she was still holding unto it.

"No, not that. I like it. It is very pretty. But how did you know my size?" She immediately regretted saying that after she saw Nathan's gaze that was insinuating something.
Her face flushed red. "I will go and change now." She hurriedly ran to the restroom as she nearly fell in her hastiness.

Nathan shook his head when he saw how clumsy Hilda was.With a hint of smile in his voice, he reminded her to be careful.
###Chapter 13

The dress fitted her perfectly. Even the underwear she was given fitted well. Technically, they were both strangers but the man knew her size very well.

Hilda bit her lower lip and looked at herself in the mirror.She was blushing. She slapped herself in frustration. "Hilda, wake up!"

After a while, she calmed her nerves before tugging on the dress awkwardly before leaving the restroom.

The man was not in the bedroom when she entered and she had no idea where he was. Feeling relieved, she patted her chest only to notice the man walking out of his walk - in closet.She widened her eyes instantly.

She had know that Nathan had an athletic build and a perfect body. But looking at him now, she was in awe. The man had a black suit on. Since the curtain was opened, his back was against the sunlight, and so he appeared like a deity with a halo. Hilda was so in awe. She merely stared at him without blinking her eyes.

Nathan was holding his cufflinks with one hand as he tidied his sleeves. When he saw the dumbstruck Hilda, his lips curled into a devilish smile. He then took his sunglasses off gradually,raised his eyebrows mischievously and his deep set eyes stared
into Hilda's. "What's wrong?"

Hilda retracted her gaze with an awkward smile on her face."Nothing. Let's get going then."

Nathan raised his eyebrows in surprise and smile. "Great."

Getting in the drivers seat, Nathan started the ignition an reminded her. "Seatbelt." The car then charged and sped off towards the Civil Affairs Bureau. The ride was bumpy but soon they arrived in front of the Civil Affairs Bureau.

Hilda adjusted her clothes after getting down and followed Nathan from behind. Her palm was sweaty.

She moved out of their Family Villa at the age of sixteen with the help of Daniel. He was the only person who showed her love and today here she is getting married to a stranger.

Stanley had already gotten the place evacuated before they arrived. There were only some staff members left in the Civil Affairs Bureau main hall, as they were already ready to serve them enthusiastically. After all who wouldn't want to know the lucky woman getting married to the most handsome bachelor in Taadi city.

They filled in the forms, had thneir photographs taken and procured their marriage certificate. Hilda obtained her marriage certificate in one go. Upon receiving the certificate, she stole a glance at her husband's details.
Nathan Clemon, 27 years old. He isn't that old as he is just 8years older than I am. I think it is acceptable.

Hilda got married without a wedding ceremony or anyone's blessing. She held onto the certificate booklet and scanned it several times. It was her name and photograph indeed but she felt that it was all a dream.

Her husband stood tall and elegant beside her and he looked exceptionally handsome. Hilda then stated. "We have to keep our marriage private for now as it might not be convenient for me now. I wouldn't want my family to..."

Nathan interrupted. "I understand."

Getting in the car, Nathan received a phone call. "There are some issues in Europe..."

Hanging up he looked gloomy. Hilda stared at him and asked."What happened?"

Nathan answered in a grave tone, " There are some issues in Europe that I have to take care of. I got to rush there ASAP."Looking dejected as it was his wedding day he continued."Let me drive you back to your apartment. After a week I will come back for you."

Looking confused Hilda asked, "What's happening in a weeks time?"
Nathan thought it was pitiful that he was leaving his wife as soon as they got marriage. "What did you think? That we going to leave separately after getting married?"

Hilda felt nervous instantly as she thought about his question.She had not thought about that yet. "Don't worry. I won't cheat on you. I will be waiting for you then."

In the end Hilda thought it was fair since she was married now.Dropping her off, he rubbed her hair and speed off.

Looking at the car speeding off Hilda was dumbfounded.Nathan's actions just now was intimate.




The next day. Since she still hasn't quit her job, she prepared and headed off. On her way to work, she saw the building of the Clemon Group.

Clemon Group was the top company in Taadi City,and it had with it countless elites across different industries in the world.Workers who work there are all intelligent with top results and were top students from each city across Country X.

Getting to work in Clemon Group had never been a part of her plan as she had thought she would get married to Daniel and help him manage his father's company. But now thinking about it, her life would change as long as she gets into the Clemon Group.
However, that group belongs to her husband now. Thinking about it she smiled as Nathan's image flashed in her mind.

Arriving at the office, her former assistant Annabel came over and said. "The Director has called a meeting and expecting all the heads in thirty minutes time."

"Okay got it." Packing up the stuffs to get ready for the meeting, she called the Manager who took her place when she left to fill her with some insights she needed to know before heading for the conference room.

Hilda soon found her seat. As she sat down the manager who took her place after she left frown immediately she entered and saw Hilda in the seat.


Looking at her she sneered in her heart. She had been gone for two years only to come back and act all bossy now, seems like she hasn't taken it serious that I'm the manager now. With a cold gaze she entered and sat beside Hilda.

Hilda noticed her gaze but payed no heed to it after all who would be happy when her position is about to be taken from her. Still going through the documents in her hand Hilda ignored her.

After a while Daniel entered alongside his father. Mr.Stephenson. Hilda looked at the man who was walking over and smiled viciously.
Daniel looked down as soon as his saw the familiar gaze. The meeting started and ended after an hour.

Exiting the conference room, Daniel called on Hilda to wait.Since he was his boss, she heed to him and stayed behind.

Daniel was stunned yet again when he saw how pretty Hilda was getting by the day. His eyes lit up and couldn't react for a while.


"Mr. Daniel, you asked me to wait behind." Hilda snapped him out of his daze coldly.

"Hmm yes. I want to talk about us Hilda."

Laughing Hilda sneered. "Us? Hah. Have you already forgotten about you being engaged to my sister? Give me a break."

"Hilda you know why I got engaged to Carmen." Hilda knew very well that he abandoned her because she wasn't involved in the family business and she got no shares either.

Walking closer he held onto her. "I love you Hilda. I will always...."

Without waiting for him to finish Hilda pushed him away."Excuse me sir, if it ain't about work, I got nothing to talk to
you about personally. I would be taking my leave."
###Chapter 14

Daniel stood in front of her and blocked her path. "Hilda, I'm worried about you. Where were you last night? Carmen and I were worried sick. You are my first love so you should know that I would always love you. We called you so many times but you didn't even bother to pick up the calls. We..."

"Enough! Worried? Hah. Why would you be worried? Weren't you guys so in love and couldn't wait to get engaged? So you should try your best and stop saying this silly things about you loving me. I'm your sister- in -law."

"Hilda, why are you so on guard against me? I'm your first love and brother in law. I would never think of harming you.We are doing everything for your own good Hilda."

"Never harm me? Hilda scoffed at his words. "Think about what all of you did and ask your conscience whether you have harmed me or not. Please just let me be. We are at work so we should not be talking about such matters."

Daniel refused to give up even though Hilda had made her self clear. "You have misunderstood everything Hilda. Yes I betrayed you by getting engaged to Carmen but it is not what you think. Tell me where you were the night before yesterday.The man with the Maybach, who is he to you? I saw you getting off his..."
"Enough!" Hilda couldn't believe what she was hearing. "Who I was with and what the person is to me has got nothing to do with you. How dare you question me? Who the hell do you think you are to me?"

Daniel's anger flared up when he heard Hilda. "Doesn't concern me you say? Hilda I'm your boyfriend!"

"Hah, boyfriend? You are my ex. Have you already forgotten that you are engaged to my sister? Carmen is your fiancé."

Daniel never imagined that Hilda would talk to him like this."Hilda, you shouldn't be talking like that. You were never like this. I remember how sensible and gentle you were. Why are you acti..."

"Daniel, you are being ridiculous. When you were engaged to Carmen you wouldn't admit that we are a couple. What's wrong? Are you already regretting your decision so you crawling back to mne? Does Carmen know you are here?" Hilda wasn't a cold hearted person but she wasn't a saint either.

Lowering her head Hilda smiled bitterly. She was good at entertaining herself. She always persuaded herself that her parents wanted her to be independent, but anytime she saw how her parents treated Carmen well, she knew that she was only lying to herself. Though she knew the truth, she didn't know where to start and find her biological parents.
Pushing him away, Hilda walked out.

Staring at her back, Daniel felt that something was slipping away from him. He wanted to grab it, but he could not as it slipped through his fingers like water and sand.

"Hilda..." Dejected, he watched her leave.




Walking away. Hilda walked into the washroom. As soon as she entered the washroom her phone rang. Looking at the unknown number, she hesitated for a while before answering it."Hello?"

"Pumpkin." A deep male voice was heard. Hilda was stunned."Mr.Nathan?"

"Hmp.. How are you doing Pumpkin?"

Hilda was surprised. "I'm doing good. What about you? How is it going over there?"

Lazily Nathan replied. " Everything is okay."

Hilda had no idea what to say next. The man was out of the country but he managed to get her number and checked up on her. "Thank you."

Nathan was miles away. It was already late where he was. As he sat on the sofa, he drummed his fingers on a table beside
him. "We are married. You don't have to be this polite."

Married? Hilda bit her lower lips and blushed.

It was strange hearing that word. But strangely it didn't affect her.

Yes she was married.

Nathan continued. "It is already late here. Take care. I will be back before you know it so pack up your belongings as I will be coming for you in a few days time." Nathan then bid her goodbye and hanged up.

Hilda felt warmth spread through her heart as she stared at the phone. Besides her two best friends, Nathan was the only person who cared about her feelings.

Thinking about it. marrying him wasn't that bad even though she didn't marry for love.

Hilda covered her face with her hands to cool down her flushed cheeks after pocketing her phone. After a while she washed her face and walked out of the washroom.

Back in her office, she was thinking about it. Nathan was right.Since they were legally married as husband and wife, they would eventually have to stay under thesame roof. She then smiled.
At this time Annabel enter her office and saw her smiling.Surprised she asked. "Hilda what's making you smile like this?"

"Huh? Who said I was smiling?"

"Hahahaha.. Hilda I just saw you smiling now. Oh or it is a who?"


Shocked. Hilda retained a serious expression. "What are you talking about? Hurry up and get back to work."

Laughing Annabel gave her some documents and went out.

Carmen came to Stephenson group during lunch time. She arrived with a lunch bag in tow. Entering she went straight into her sister's office. "Sis"


Noticing Carmen who had entered her office Hilda frowned."What are you doing here?"

Looking around the office Carmen replied "I brought some food for Daniel and figured you should also joined him."

Carmen thought Hilda was going to be jealous since she brought some food for Daniel after all Hilda is still in love with him.

Looking at Carmen who was acting all pretentious she sneered."Thank you but I'm not hungry."

Not willing to back down Carmen added "I personally prepared
all these by myself. Take a look they are all Daniel's favorite.The last time I did, he told me he loved it." Carmen knew very well within herself that the foods were all takeaways from a high end restaurant.

Just then a deep male voice was heard. "What are you doing here Carmen?"

Turning their heads to the door they saw Daniel walking in.

Smiling shyly, she walked towards Daniel. "I made something for you. Since you have been busy these few days I thought it will be okay to have Hilda join us but she seems to be mad at me still" Leaning on him Carmen said pitifully.

Hilda looked at them, rolled her eyes and thought. "What's with this couple? What do they wwant from me? Hah.."

"Hilda since Carmen thought about you and made enough food for us all why not join us?" Daniel spoke up.′′Ware a family after all."

"I'm okay." With that Hilda turned around and continued with her work.
###Chapter 15

Daniel knew it would be useless since he already had an argument with Hilda earlier. "Carmen, since she said she is okay, let's go and have it alone."


With that he held Carmen's hand, turned around and strode out.


Since Carmen had already achieved what she wanted,she stopped at the doorway, turned back and smiled as triumph flashed through her eyes before walking away.

After they left Hilda received a call. Looking at the caller Id,she frowned before answering. "Mother."

"You unfilial daughter. Don't call me that. Till when are you waiting to come back home? Hurry and come back home after work today. It is your grandmother's birthday." As soon as Amanda heard said this,she hanged up without waiting for Hilda's reply.

Looking at the phone which was hanged up, Hilda smiled bitterly.

In Daniel's office, Carmen's adorable face scrunched up sadly.She held onto Daniel's hand innocently while swaying slightly to soothe him. "I have always had a good relationship with Hilda. I am the one who took you away from her, and I feel really bad about it. Now that it seems like she won't forgive us,
I'm trying my best to let her forgive us as soon as possible.And I don't want to loose you too."

Daniel regarded the adorable girl in front of him and he was once again impressed by her kindness. He couldn't help himself and kissed her rosy cheek while speaking to her in a serious tone, "I have no feelings at all for Hilda. You are the only one in my heart, and you are the only person I'm going to love.

Carmen blushed before throwing herself into Daniel's arms. She pinched his chest playfully with her small fists. "Daniel you making me blush. Eat up lest it gets cold."

Setting the food up for Daniel, he started digging in immediately. At the same time Carmen added, "Don't forget that Grandmother's 70th birthday celebration his tonight."

Nodding Daniel replied. "Let's get her present later."




Soon working hours was over as Hilda prepared to head out to prepare a present for her grandmother. As soon as she walked out of the building, A man approached her. "Mrs.. Clemon,Boss asked me to give you this present so you give it to grandmother."

As soon as the man called her Mrs. Clemon Hilda blushed.Taking the present she took out her phone and called the number which called her earlier.
As soon as the call was connected a voice came from the other end. "Did you receive the present?"

"Erm yes. Thank you" Hilda replied.

"Hmm" Nathan was in the middle of a meeting when he received her call.


Noticing his voice was calm Hilda didn't say anything further and hanged up as she figured he was busy.




At the entrance of Golden Tulip Hotel, the venue of the matriarch of the Adams family's birthday banquet.

The whole hall of the hotel had been reserved for the grand occasion of the Matriarch's 70th birthday. Fifty tables were spread across the hall,which was bustling with activity.

Donned in a classic tailor made wear, the Matriarch was busy welcoming the guests at the reception area,accompanied by his two sons, Lewis and Michael.

"Compliments from the President of Sow Corporation, a Monet masterpiece with his message, Happy birthday to the Matriarch.



"Compliments from the President of Gulls Property Group,a century old Pine with his message, All the best wishes to the
Matriarch on his 70th birthday."

The staff at the reception announced the names of the guests and even the nature of their gifts and birthday messages.

When it came to Carmen and Daniel, the hotel staff read aloud."Compliments from the Director of Stephenson Group and Carmen, a blue and white porcelain vase from the Tang Dynasty,with their message, Best Wishes Grandma."

When it was Hilda's turn, the staff spoke with ridicule. "Compliments from Hilda, a tattered and old painting without an origin with her message, Happy birthday grandmother."

A tattered and old painting?

The words sent a burst of roaring laughter from the hundreds of guests in the hall.

This made the Matriarch see red. Her cheeks were puffed like two blobs of red paint as she stared at Hilda who had just come up to greet her heatly.

"What kind of sh*t are you giving me as a birthday gift Hilda?"The Matriarch spat out furiously.

"Don't get too worked up grandmother. This is a painting called Shan Shui. It is said to be a painting of mountain and river from the Tang dynasty in the..."
Hilda explained nervously when she saw the rage in the Matriarch's eyes but Carmen didn't allow her to finish her sentence before cutting her off. "Are you trying to say that this old and tattered painting is from the Tang dynasty?"

"Yes, that's what I said." Hilda replied.

An old looking, worn out box was thrown to the floor,right in front of Hilda. The painting came rolling out of the broken box.



It was Smith, the son of Michael Adams who had thrown the box to the floor.


"Look at this tattered painting you are giving us here." Smith scoffed. "Save it for yourself!"

Rage and shame were all over Hilda's face. Giving them a cold and hard stare before bending down to pick the painting he sneered. "This is a piece of treasure that you are throwing away."

"Huh? An old and tattered painting is a rare treasure? Save it for yourself. Haha!" Carmen snorted, while the rest of the guests laughed mockingly.

Taking the painting, Hilda found a random seat and sat down.With the phone in her hand she ignored everyone.

All eyes in the hall turned and stared at Hilda. While everyone
sat in the main hall and was socializing. Mrs. Adams came to pull Hilda away. "You unfilial daughter. What old painting have you gotten there eh? Come lemme introduce you to someone."
###Chapter 16

"Hilda meet Mr. Rex Cross. He is the Young Master of the Cross Family. Mr. Rex, this is my daughter I told you about."

Looking at Hilda who was simply dressed with a little makeup.Rex's eyes lit up. She is a beauty. Taking her hand Rex spoke up "Hi Miss Hilda, I'm Rex. Nice to meet you."

Frowning Hilda replied. "Hi Mr. Rex, Is a pleasure to meet you.11


With that Mrs. Adams said shamelessly. "I will leave you two to get to know each other. As I said, Mr. Rex, Hilda is single and so are you."


Understanding the meaning of her words, Hilda smiled bitterly and thought. So I'm the bargaining chip here for them to get a marriage alliance with the Cross family. What a shame.

Rex stared internly at Hilda as he thought she isn't so bad after all.


Everyone in Taadi knows who Rex was. He was young but leads a promiscuous life. Looking at him who was staring at her flirticiously, Hilda shuddered.

As they were standing and looking at each other awkwardly,Carmen came over with a drink. "Mr. Rex, Sis, let's have a toast to us."
After taking the drink Hilda didn't think about anything strange and took a mouthful of it.

Carmen started engaging Hilda in a conversion about her and Daniel all which ended awkwardly as Hilda merely snorted at everything she said.

All of a sudden, Hilda noticed that there was some changes in her body as she started feeling hot. "Excuse me, I got to use the washroom." Then Hilda walked away.

Looking at her who was walking towards the washroom,Carmen smiled and followed after her too. "Excuse me Mr.Rex.11


In the bathroom, Hilda splashed water on a face non stop as she felt hot all over. Suddenly Carmen entered. "Sis, are you okay? Looks like you are not alright. Come let me take you to the restroom.


Looking at Carmen who was acting all nice with her Hilda didn't understand but felt panicked. Thinking back, she recalled the wine Carmen handed her. Gritting her teeth she asked."Carmen what did you put in the drink?"

Smiling Carmen replied. "Seems like you are no fool after all.Mr. Rex as already taking a liking to you so..." Carmen stopped mid way and smirked. Taking out her phone she called for two bulky looking men to carry Hilda into the hotel
room.

Trying her best to break free from their grasps Hilda yelled hysterically. "Carmen, You b*tch! I swear I won't let you off the hook if anything happens."

"Haha,you won't let me off. I'm scared sis. What can you do eh? You got no backer now. Daniel isn't with you anymore so you are all alone now." Carmen smirked. At this time they were already inside the hotel room so there was no need for Carmen to pretend to be the caring and kind sister.

Hilda felt hot all over as though she was in a huge oven. It was excruciatingly hot which made her feel overwhelmingly confused.


Looking at her who was in a daze, Carmen went back into the hall. "Mr. Rex, my sister wants to see you."

In the hotel room, Hilda vaguely made out a silhouette.She then felt a cool sensation on her left cheeks before letting out a soft disgruntled murmur. Squinting her eyes, she was taken aback by the figure in front of her.

Feeling weak like jelly, she thought she had just woken up from a dream. She felt like she was walking on the clouds only to fall back down the next second opening her eyes to see a familiar face in front of her.

"Mr. Rex?" She croaked. Hearing her voice she was shocked.
Hilda quickly pushed the man on top of her aside and jumped off the bed. "What did you do to me?"

Rex stroked his chin as his eyes swept up and down her body like a beast hunting his prey. "Are you sure you are unaware or trying to pretend about what's happening?"

Feeling weak. Hilda bumped into a table and fell to the ground.Seeing her state, the man raised his eyebrow slightly and said with a smile. "Your parents said that you are a virgin when they brought you to me."

"What?" Hilda shook her head. The last memory she had was when Carmen brought her into the room. Her words lingered inside her ears. So this is what she meant by Mr. Rex taking a liking to me? Hilda's expression grew more unsightly after seeing the man smirk.

So my parents delivered me to a stranger on my grandmother's 70th birthday amidst the celebration?

Walking close to her, the man bent and lifted her chin only to be hit in return by Hilda. "Get your hands off me! And stay away."

A dangerous glint flashed past the man's eyes at Hilda's words.No longer making any advances at her, he looked on as Hilda continued to struggle. "Tsk, tsk, tsk. What do you think your parents are doing now, along with your beautiful sister and
future brother - in -law?"




At this time. Nathan as already arrived at the venue for the birthday and was looking all over the place for Hilda. Since it was the Matriarch's birthday, he came with the intention of tagging along with a business partner who was close to the Adams family.

As he always kept a low profile, not many people knew him as the CEO of Clemon Group. He dropped down to Taadi with the sole purpose of keeping Hilda company after finding out that she wasn't related to the Adams family.

At the time he spoke to Hilda about the gift he prepared, he was almost done with his meeting and then headed for the airport to board a plane back to Taadi.

After a while of not seeing her, Nathan asked Stanley to hack into the hotel's security system to look for a her.

As the celebration was still ongoing, it was time to cut the cake.
Carmen was holding unto Daniel as she sighed before saying."Daniel, Hilda wasn't feeling well so I took her to one of the rooms prepared for the guests. Let's go and get her before the cake cutting starts."

In the bedroom, Hilda was feeling hot and cold at the same time. The feeling was all too familiar to her. She had once been
given the same drug but the difference was that, the last time it was a stranger but today it was her family. The same people who brought her up for the past few years.

Hilda forcely bit her lower lipsto regain some consciousness."
What are you going to do with me? Let me go and in return if there is anything you need. I'll surely help you out."

The man raised his eyebrows and said with some amusement?"What can you give me? What could I Rex Cross, the young master of the Cross family ever lack?"

Hilda clenched her fists tightly and let her nails dig into her own flesh. The promiscuous Young Master of the cross family.With that her gaze darkened for a second.
###Chapter 17

Hilda turned to look up at Rex helplessly. Hopelessness was apparent in her eyes. The moment their gazes met, a knock was heard on the door with Carmen's voice following suit. "Hilda? Are you still in there? It is almost time for the cake to be cut. Let's go and join the celebration after all it is grandmother's big day."

When no one replied, she continued. "Hilda? You still there?"

Hilda forced herself to lift her head while pinching her thighs with both hands trying to gain some consciousness. Trying her best to not give in to the drugs, she looked at Rex coldly."You planned all this with my parents? Is there really a need for this?11


Rex squinted his eyes feeling amused by Hilda's question. Then he raised his eyebrows and responded with a smile. "What do you think?"

"You..." Hilda didn't know what to say.

"Are you in there Hilda? Are you still not feeling okay? I'll get someone to come right away. Just open up would you?"Carmen never stopped banging on the door. She sounded really worried but every word she said was like a thorn piercing Hilda's heart.

Hilda stared at the door with despair written all over her face.
"Hmm,how interesting... Your..." The moment Rex turned,Hilda struck his head with a vase. He glared at Hilda before passing out. "How dare y.."

Having used up all her energy, Hilda collapsed back onto the floor.


In her unconscious state, she could hear Carmen telling people that Hilda wasn't feeling well so she brought her up here to rest but now that she is coming to get her back to join the party for the cake cutting, the door was locked so they have no other choice but to barge in by breaking it open.

Just as Hilda thought today was the end for her, a dark figure suddenly appeared in front of her. He bent down to check on her as he reveal his handsome face.


Hilda bit down on her lips again as she looked at him.With red droplets forming on her lips, she reached out and tugged onto the man's trousers'. "Nathan, please save me!"

Nathan squinted his eyes. As his cold gaze fell on Hilda's flushed face and her whole body, there was a trace of anger in his dark eyes. Narrowing his gaze, he took off his suit jacket and covered Hilda with it. "Put it on."

Hilda shivered slightly. She instantly smelled a masculine scent.It was a very crisp smell. Hugging her own shoulders and pulling the suit close, Hilda asked with a shiver. "What are we
going to do now?"

The banging on the door became increasingly loud and sounded like it was gonna be broken down anytime soon. As it was the second floor of the building, there was no where to hide in there.


Hilda was feeling both hot and cold alternately. The feeling was very intense that is was so unbearable. She could only bite her lips to hold herself from screaming.

Picking Hilda from the ground, Nathan's gaze darkened the more. Holding her in his arms he whispered. "Don't be afraid.You have me!"


Hilda felt warmth radiating in her heart as she calmed down a little after hearing Nathan's voice. She tightly held unto Nathan arm with both her hands as though the man would slip away if she loosened her grip.

In a blink of an eye, Nathan carried Hilda into the bathroom just as the door was forcefully kicked open. Taking the lead was Daniel and Carmen.


"Hilda... Ahh!" Carmen screamed in terror as she quickly grabbed Daniel by the arm. "Daniel, look. There is somneone on the floor." Carmen exclaimed as she searched the room for Hilda.

She personally brought Hilda into the room with the help of
the bulky men who was drugged, so there was no way she could have escaped.

Seeing the man on the floor, Daniel swiftly walked over. He was instantly shocked."Rex Cross?"

"What? It's Mr. Rex?" Carmen pretended to be surprised. "Isn't he the young master of the Cross family? Why is he here? And where is Hilda? Daniel, what if Hilda is in trouble? What should we do? Carmen nervously held onto Daniel's arm. "I personally brought Hilda here when she said she wasn't feeling that well. What is Mr. Rex doing here?"

"Don't panic Carmen, go get your parents here now." Daniel tried to calm her down.




"What happened here?" Mr. Adams and Mrs. Adams rushed in.
They were scared out of their wits when they saw Rex on the
ground. "What are you all standing there for? Hurry up and
send Mr. Rex to the hospital!" Mrs. Adams excaimed.

Mr. Adams on the other hand was much calmer as he looked around asking. "What isgoing on here?"

"I don't know either dad." Carmen was crying as she held onto Daniels arm. "I brought Hilda here as she wasn't feeling well so she could rest but now that I came back to get her back to join the party for the cake cutting, the door was locked so we
had no other choice but to barge in by breaking the door. In the end after the door was broken, we saw Mr. Rex was on the floor with his forehead drenched in blood.


Carmen was good at pretending. "After we arrived, we still haven't seen Hilda. Hilda is no where to be found dad. I'm so worried about her as she was weak!"


"That littleb*tc..." Mr. Adams received a cold glare from Carmen before she could even finish her sentence so she reluctantly changed her tone. "Where else could my daughter have gone? She must be out having some fun!"

Mrs. Adams spoke reluctantly. "Have you checked the entire room? Since Hilda was resting here, she could be in here somewhere.Keep searching!"

Mrs. Adams opened the closet but there was no one in it.

As the others also started searching the room for Hilda.
###Chapter 18

Meanwhile in the bathroom, two people stood together in there holding their breathe. Hilda felt particularly tensed as her hands clung onto Nathan's body. She gritted her teeth trying her very best to control her restlessness.

The drug was very strong that Hilda couldn't withstand it anymore. She couldn't bear the heat.

As Nathan knew how strong the drug in Hilda's body was, he squeezed her shoulders, exerting a light force in an attempt to keep her awake. Hilda closed her eyes slightly and bit her lips in pain. Moaning she spoke up. "I feel really terrible Nathan."

"Shh!" Nathan frowned and quickly covered Hilda's mouth upon hearing her moan. Seeing how alluring Hilda was looking,Nathan gulped unconsciously. His throat moved as he swallowed some saliva.

"Did anyone hear that sound?"

Daniel thought he had heard a sound but it was very faint so he didn't quiet catch it.

Nathan froze. Looking at the half conscious Hilda in his hands who was already rubbing her own body against him, his eyes darkened. He held Hilda's wrist with one hand and whispered."Bear with it for a little while. You would be okay soon."
"I can't. I feel really terrible." Hilda sniffled. Her entire body felt like it was on fire and burning so fiercely that she couldn't even think straight. Moreover, she was familiar with the scent of the man holding onto her. With the faint but crisp smell she liked invading her nose, she just couldn't let go.

Outside the bathroom, Daniel and Mr. Adams looked at each other and then glanced at the tightly shut door of the bathroom. Frowning, Daniel reached out for the handle and turned the knob to open it.

Opening the door, Daniel scanned the bathroom but was disappointed to find it empty. Beside the bathroom space was relatively small that it could barely hide anyone.

"What's wrong?" Mr. Adams also walked into the bathroom,glanced around only to find nothing. Stil not wanting to back down, he swept his gaze across the areas in the room a few more times.

"Hilda is not here." Daniel didn't know why but he was happy within him when he didn't see Hilda in the room. Breathing a sigh of relief, he walked out.

He had no words to describe how he felt after opening the door and seeing Mr. Rex unconscious on the floor but noticing Hilda was missing, he was internally excited.

Carmen was naturally unhappy with the turns of event. She
finally got her hands on Hilda and wanted to break the last bit of feelings Daniel got for her but she didn't expect not to see Hilda in the room.


"Well, it seems like Hilda really isn't here." Carmen said as she held Daniel's hand. "Then where could she be at this time?"


"Let's keep looking!"

On the balcony right outside the bathroom. Nathan clung unto the railings with one hand and Hilda with the other. With Hilda in a delirious state. Nathan held her as they stood on the balcony. Looking down. it was a rather frightening sight.

Hilda was completely attached to Nathan's body. Her lips were glued to his neck. She had no control of herself as she was kissing his neck.

Nathan's body exuded a cool scent. and he was like the water to her fire. Hilda couldn't help but hold unto Nathan tightly as if she was trying to bury herself in him.

Nathan's gaze darkened. With his cold hands, he stroked Hilda's cheek lightly. "Wake up Pumpkin."

Hilda couldn't hear his voice as nothing made sense to her at the time. She just wanted to be near him. Pouting she said "D-Don't push me away Nathan. It feels terrible."

Nathan exhaled sharply. Hearing Hilda's soft but charming
voice,he felt as though his body would explode.

He was never a man of virtue. But when it was about Hilda.he had a little more patience. Hilda was now his wife and she was making advances at him. There was no way he could remain composed.

"I feel really horrible Nathan." Hilda's voice lingered in his ears.Her lips were pressed against his earlobe as she nibbled on it gently. Desire flashed across Nathan's eyes as he couldn't hold himself back any longer.

With one hand on the back of her head and the other holding onto her body, Nathan kissed Hilda's lips. Letting out a moan,Hilda flung her arms around Nathan' neck with her body leaning completely into Nathan, she kissed him back desperately.

Hilda kissed him eagerly. Because of the influence of the drug,she was a bit wilder. Hanging onto Nathan, she kissed him fiercely. As they were lost in themselves, more voices were heard in the room.


"How did this happen? Carmen was sure she was in here.Were could she have disappeared to?" Mrs. Adams voiced out.

"Let's keep looking. Besides, it is also your fault as I did ask you to let those men keep watch but you disagreed. That brat wouldn't have been able to escape." Mr. Adams replied. They
would be doomed as they have already harmed Mr. Rex.

Nathan's eyes darkened when he heard their voices getting closer and closer. Still holding unto the railings with one hand and the other holding unto Hilda, he pulled her out his embrace but she hung onto him like how a koala does a tree.

Looking at her whose eyes were misty, his heart tightened.Biting her ears he whispered, "Hold onto me tightly and close your eyes."

Hilda obediently did as she was told. Wrapping her hands around Nathan's neck, she leaned her head against his chest and she closed her eyes.

Looking at the ground which was a bit far,Nathan took a deep breath,narrowed his eyes and jumped down with one hand tightly holding unto Hilda. Upon reaching the ground, he carried Hilda and hid among the bushes in the back garden of the hotel.

Mr. and Mrs. Adams entered the bathroom and noticed that the window was opened. "That damn brat! She actually escaped through here." Mrs. Adams yelled furiously.

"What are you waiting for? Hurry and let the thugs look for her before she gets far." Mr. Adams shouted furiously. With that, they turned and left the room.
###Chapter 19

Nathan walked out of the bushes only after making sure that the voices of Mr. and Mrs. Adams was far away. Shaking his head,he looked at Hilda who was clutching onto him like a koala.


Carrying Hilda, Nathan walked out of the hotel through the back and called Stanley to meet them at the back parking lot.

Arriving, Stanley was shocked when he saw Hilda in his bosses arms. He hurriedly opened the back door forhis boss. As he started the ignition and moved out of the parking lot, he asked "S-Sir, what is wrong with Madam?"

Nathan's eyes darkened. As Nathan's cold gaze met his, Stanley immediately let out a silly chuckle. "Where are we headed now Sir?"


Just as Nathan was about to speak to Nathan, he saw two Land Rovers coming on to them through the rear view mirror.

Nathan immediately asked Stanley to drive to his residence after which he called Samuel. "Samuel, I'm on the Lagos Avenue road now and there seems to be a few cars tailing after me. One of the cars number plate is xxxxxxxx. Help me find out who they are."

Hearing Nathan's serious tone, Samuel knew how serious the matter was. "Don't hang up yet. Try dodging them using the
Maseru street route and exciting the Lome street. But checking now, the car number plate is fake. How many cars are tailing you now?"

"A maximum of four cars. I thought it was Mr. Adams who asked them to tail Miss Adams now as she is with me but is seems otherwise." Nathan replied.

Samuel frowned before adding. "Hacking into their cellphones.they ain't speaking the local language but a foreign one. Which big shot did youa offend this time? Anyways I will intersect you guys on the Banana Street."

Samuel immediately drove out of his residence. Stepping on the accelerator he speed off like a gust of wind.

At that moment Hilda was still rubbing her body on Nathan.The drug has taken effect that she couldn't control herself anymore. Nothing made sense to her anymore. She tried removing the buttons of her top but Nathan beat her to it.Closing her buttons he nibbled on her ears. "Pumpkin, don't worry. It would all be over soon."

Hilda felt really awful as her body felt like it was been burnt on fire. She grabbed Nathan's hand and leaned over, making her lips naturally land on his. She kissed him eagerly without any restraint.

Nathan pulled her away, but she still clung onto him again.
The process repeated itself severally as the man could do nothing to hold her down anymore. Happily. Hilda brushed herself on his body.

Looking at the cars which were still speeding trying to overtake them. Nathan was beyond frustrated. Taking a deep breath.he held unto Hilda's hand before saying."Stop it."

Hearing him. Hilda frowned. She pouted pitifully and gentle nudged Nathan's chest with her head. "You are refusing me.You are bad!"


Nathan didn't know whether to laugh or cry when he heard Hilda. But looking back at the cars his gaze turned cold.

At the same time, Samuel who was coming to their rescue had already notified Kyle.

Kyle, Samuel, Nathan and Christopher were together known as the Big four in Taadi. Everyone of them was known for their ruthlessness. As Nathan's whose territory was the Business World,Samuel was into the Health Sector, Kyle was the Underworld and Christopher was an academy Best actor.This four have control of X country.

Since Kyle had control of the underworld, he already sent some forces to intersect the cars that was tailing Nathan. As soon as they all got to the Intersection, They covered Nathan's car as its speed off to another direction from home.
According to Samuel. after hacking into the phones of those tailing Nathan's car, he heard that there was already another group ready to ambush Nathan around his residence in case they failed to get him. So Nathan had to hear to another one of his villa's. As a business man who was into construction, he had soo many apartments and villa's another his name which he barely used.


Kyle was driving a Mercedes Benz where as Samuel was in a Bimmer. Kyle had just arrived at the crossroad and was about to ask Samuel who was still on the line with him to cross over to the other lane so he can handle the first two cars when his ears twitched and his expression changed drastically.

He immediately slammed on the steering wheel, as the whole Mercedes Benz made a creaking sound. Almost instantly, the car had barreled into the next lane hitting one of the Land rovers.

Immediately, the car summersaulted repeatedly before ending up in a pit and then catching fire. The car had noticed Nathan's car switching lane so it immediately wanted to catch up to it but unfortunately for him, Kyle noticed his plan and took him out.


Meanwhile, Samuel voice can be heard in Kyle's car as she spat."Wooh, that was a killer move there... Hahahaha."

Indifferently Kyle spoke up. "You should be taking this serious
you know!" Samuel had always been the silly type who acted as nothing but a silly husky.

"Whim! Whim!"

Samuel's Bimmer made a beast like roar as he speed past Kyle's for the other cars. Coming to an abrupt stop. it scratched in a long skid mark as it hit another Land rover which also summersaulted before catching fire. Making it two cars down.

At this time, Nathan has already arrived at another residence which was also his. As someone who was into real estate,he had apartments and building all over the city. Arriving, he rushed Hilda into the bedroom as she was still making moves on him.


Putting her onto the bed, Hilda cling onto him once again and kissed the corners of his lips. This time, her hands were eager to join the fun as they moved all over Nathan's body. She held his shirt and impatiently rubbed her body against him.

Nathan's gaze darkened as he gritted his teeth. "You started this Hilda."


He clasped the back of her head with his hand before he deepened the kiss. His other hand slide down her back slowly.His hands felt eager but trembled slightly. Hilda as completely given in and welcomed his actions but Nathan knew it was because of the drug.
With his last bit of rationality, he pulled back from the kiss.

Hilda looked at him pitifully with tears in her eyes which was going to fall at any moment. Looking at her like this. Nathan's heart ached.


He had never been a man of principle, but when it came to Hildda he didn't mind been patient. He also wanted to have her too but he was scared that she might wake up later after the drug has worn off and she might regret.

Pouting Hilda asked. "You don't want me?"

Shaking his head Nathan hurriedly explained. "No not that Pumpkin. I wouldn't want you to regret later."

Hilda held onto Nathan's hand and spoke with tears falling from her eyes. "I won't regret anything. I feel really terrible."

Gritting his teeth, Nathan asked. "Hilda, who am I?"

Looking at Nathan, Hilda frowned. Who is he? What question is that? "Y- You are..." Shaking her head she looked at him like she was in a daze.
###Chapter 20

Looking at her who was in a daze. Nathan become sad. He thought she might have at least known that it was him. But to his dismay. she couldn't even recognize him.

Pulling her hands off him, Nathan was about to walk into the bathroom when Hilda called out to him with sobos. "Nathan....you are my husband but you are leaving me.. sob. sob. You are bad."


Hearing her voice, Nathan stopped midway, turned around and starred at her. An inexplicable emotion surged up within him.
She knows it me. "Hilda, do you really want this?"

Getting up from the bed, Hilda tried walking up to him but ended up falling back on the bed. "I want you."

Nathan walked back to the bed, held her head and said. "Hilda,you started this." Before lowering his lips to kiss her. Hilda let out a moan when their lips touched and then locked her hands on his neck like a koala clinging onto a tree.

Kissing passionately with breathe huffing in their mouth,Nathan picked Hilda up and placed her on the bed carefully.Trailing his lips down her neck, shoulder, down to her navel and anywhere he could think of memorizing every bit of her body. Tugging on the waist of her pants, Nathan called out in between heavy breathe. "Pumpkin..."
A groan escaped her lips which made Nathan lost his mind.The feeling was so intense and hot that Nathan couldn't control himself anymore.

At this time somewhere in the middle of the city. Kyle and Samuel were still speeding in chase of the cars. Samuel subdued one car where as Kyle was still in chase of the last.

The driver of that car was really skilled as Kyle found his skills impressive. Kyle was a top notch car racer. Stepping on the accelerator, the body of his Mercedes Benz shook as its engine let out a roar like an angry beast speeding past the other car.

Whim.

The thugs in the car were muddle headed at the sight of the car passing by them. They started sweating profusely as one spoke up. "Hey, speed up and turn at the nearest corner so as that car not to cross us."


"Damn it! How can someone drive that fast. He is basically courting death." Another spoke up from the car.

As they were about to reach the nearest corner, they noticed that the Mercedes Benz was slowing down.

"Hey, quickly catch up to him and crash him." The man from before who spoke up in the car spoke up yet again. The driver became ecstatic. Although he didn't understand why the car slowed, he knew he had to do something.
With that thought in mind. the car made a roaring sound as the driver stepped on the gas pedal with his foot again and was about to slam into the Mercedes Benz.


At this moment in the Mercedes Benz. Kyle smirked as he saw the car catching up to him.

In an instant. 'Boom' with the echo of a roaring sound.the car crashed into nothing.


Because at that moment, the Mercedes Benz in front suddenly drifted and the entire body of the car made a full ninety degrees rotation.

Their car crashed into nothing but the rear of the Mercedes Benz when it drifted which resulted in their car flying into the air as though it was hit by an elephant and crashed into a curbstone by the roadside.

Bang

The huge crash resounded loudly as the front of their car instant caved in.


The body of the car shattered and parts flew up and down as the car turned into a pile of metal crap. Looking at this,Samuel was dumbfounded. He already knew about Kyle's skills but this was way too much.

As for the three men in the car, they were in shock. Kyle
opened the door of his Mercedes Benz and got out walking towards the car of the thugs.

Getting closer, he open the car which was already shattered and dragged the three men out. Because of how the car carved in, one of the men lost his life as a result and the other two were badly injured.

Staring at them he asked. "Who sent you?" The thugs looked at him but didn't utter a word.


Noticing this. Kyle let out a sly smile. Samuel who was also standing not too far shook his head and thought. 'They slept on the wrong side of their bed last night.

Kyle was well known in Taadi city for his cunning ways. He was known as a Tyrant who killed his siblings and father to get to the throne of the underworld and there this thugs thought they stood a chance against him.

A glint flashed passed Kyle's eyes as he asked again. "I'm going to ask again. Who sent you?"

One of the thugs spat in front of him and said. "You can do what youI want to do, I am not saying sh*t."

Moving forwardto the thug who spoke up, her raised his hand and held his neck before twisting it without a second thought.

When the other thug saw what he did, he shuddered.
With a toneless voice Kyle asked yet again. "Okay. Who sent you?"

With a wobbly voice he replied. "We we hired from Z country.We don't know why and what but we were asked to kill Nathan."


"So we hired you?" Kyle was getting impatient.

"I don't know. We work for a mercenary organization. We are just given the missions without knowing the person behind it."

"Okay fine. You can join the rest now." With that said Kyle twisted his neck before making a call to his assistant to get rid of the rest.

Samuel looked at Kyle and said. "Z country?"

"Hmm! I wonder who Nathan made an enemy of this time."Kyle then walked towards his car after saying this and drove away.

Samuel waited till Nathan's assistant and Kyle's assistant came over to get rid of the bodies before entering his car to drive away.

Meanwhile in Nathan's residence, the light in the master's bedroom was off and just a dim bedside lamp was on.Hilda was barely awake after the intense session they just had.Nathan held her in his arms with their limbs pressed together.
Nathan's chest was heaving as he stared at Hilda in his arms.His lips hovered inches away from hers as he placed short series of pecks on her cheeks before murmuring slowly. "I would never let anyone hurt you again Hilda. From now onwards. I would protect you. No harm will befall you again."

Hilda seemed to have heard him murmur as she smiled.Nathan then slowly got off the bed and covered Hilda with the blanket before walking into the bathroom to take a shower.

After a while Nathan came downstairs as Samuel and Kyle were already waiting for him. With a serious expression on,Kyle spoke up as soon as he spotted Nathan. "They are assassins' from Z country. I think it's your uncle again."

Samuel also added. "I think he is still not over the fact that you took control of everything in the company. You got to be careful."


Listening to them Nathan was silent as a cruel gleam flashed across his eyes. "I have to teach him a lesson since he won't back off. He haven't had enough yet."

"Hmm. I heard you already found a woman." Kyle changed the subject. "You got to introduce her to me since Samuel as already met her.

Samuel immediately chided. "Your loss though as she is a rare beauty."
###Chapter 21

As Nathan heard them talking about his woman. His mouth curved slightly into a rare smile. "Yes. We are even married."

"What? Married!"

Both Samuel and Kyle were shocked.

Kyle was the first to recovered from the shock. "Bro, you are married?"

"Yes, I am married." Nathan replied calmly.

Samuel also asked. "Does your family approve of this? Don't you think it is a little too soon?"

Looking at him Nathan replied. "I don't need anyone's approval to get married."

Kyle shook his head before adding. "You know this isn't a best time to get married1. With all that's happening.."

"I know what I'm doing don't worry I got this." Nathan replied.

After chatting for a little while, Samuel and Kyle got up to leave. Before walking out of the house Samuel advised."You got to protect her from your uncle. You know he would use her to bring you down if he finds out about her."

Nodding Nathan saw them off. Immediately he closed the door.
his eyes turned cold. His uncle still hasn't learnt his lessons.

Taking out his phone, he made a call. "Execute the plan."




The next day.

Hilda woke up and yet again found herself in an unfamiliar room. When Nathan who was sitting by the window saw her open her eyes, he broke the silence. "You are awake." Nathan's voice was melodious as usual.

Hearing his voice, she turned and stared at him as she recalled everything. Her face blushed thinking about what happened between them last night. She had given herself to him last night. She would have to sleep with him anyway so it was all the same as she gave herself to him last night.

Nodding her head, Hilda spoke in a soft but hoarse voice."Hmm. I'm awake." Trying to get up from the bed, she felt sore all over.

Noticing this, Nathan poured her a jug of water before asking."You okay? After all last night, did I hurt you?"

Blushing the more, Hilda embarrassing answered. "I'm okay. I need to freshen up." With that she hurriedly went into the bathroom.
Watching her leave. Nathan smiled before heading out.

After a while. Hilda came out of the bathroom and noticed she didn't have any change of cloth. Opening the wardrobe. she noticed it was filled with men's shirts. Looking at herself in the bathrobe, she picked a random white shirt after all they were married and put it on before heading downstairs.

Although Nathan barely used this house, It was always attended to by a cleaner who passed by every once in a while to clean up and stock the fridge just in case.

As at now, Nathan was in the kitchen trying to make them something for breakfast. Walking into the hall, Hilda spotted Nathan in the kitchen. Looking at him who had an apron on and was busy, Hilda found him the more handsome.

Smiling, she thought to herself. 'It ain't bad marrying him.'

Sensing a gaze on him, Nathan turned around only to see Hilda staring at him tenderly whiles smiling foolishly.

Raising an eyebrow, Nathan smiled. "Like what you see?"

Snapping out of her daze Hilda awkwardly replied. "What?"

Knowing very well that she was embarrassed, Nathan didn't say anymore. "Just wait in the hall as the food would be ready soon."
Shaking her head Hilda walked up to him and asked."What are you making? Let me help."

"No. I'm almost done just go wait in the hall." Nathan said as he pushed Hilda out of the kitchen."

Still wanting to help Hilda refuted. "There is nothing for me to do in the hall just let me help you."

"No. I'm almost done. Just go and watch some TV." Nathan replied.

"Okay, Okay. Just tell me what you are making." Hilda decided to give in to him since he didn't want her to help him.

"Twice -baked potatoes, loaded with creamy mashed potatoes.sour cream, cheese and any topping you like. Just tell me the topping you like and I will served alongside some vegetables and soup." Nathan replied proudly and added. "Since you were a little exhausted, this simple home- made food would be able to nourish you and after that, we go and pack your stuffs to my other residence."

Listening to him, Hilda smiled but didn't notice the awkward situation they were in. As Nathan was pushing her out of the kitchen and she was also trying her best to see what he was preparing, they were clueless as to how intimate they were at that moment.

"The addition of crispy, crumbled bacon would take these
perfect twice-baked potatoes to the next level. How about that?"Hilda voiced out as she looked at Nathan.


Locking gazes, Nathan smiled as he stared at Hfilda.Noticing how Nathan was staring at her and how intimate they were.Hilda blushed before taking a few steps back. After that she run out of the kitchen. "I will be waiting in the hall."

Looking at her who was running out. Nathan smiled before shaking his head.

At the Adams residence, the Matriarch was fuming red as he heard that Hilda had harmed the young master of the Rex Family. Listening to his sons and grandsons rant on and on about how the Young Master was going to deal with them unless they send Hilda to his bed, she didn't know how to react.


She was beyond furious and just yelled. "That unfilial granddaughter! Someone get her here now!"

Mr. Lewis came forward and said. "Mother, don't work yourself up. I will make sure that that unfilial daughter of mine is sent to Mr. Rex's bed tonight don't worry."

"How can I not worry? Eh? Tell me!" Staring at Mr. Lewis who was standing in front of her, the Matriarch got the more angry."You couldn't even take care of a small issue as when she came to my birthday celebration and you think you can now? Hurry
up and call her up here."

Hesitating. Mr. Lewis finally said with his lowered. "But Hilda can't be found anywhere at the moment. After she escaped last night I sent people after her but they couldn't find her and she didn't go back to her apartment last night. We also tried reaching her on her phone but it is off."

"You loser! You can't even take care of your own daughter but you want to manage the company's affair. Dream on." The Matriarch said cruelly before turning to look at Michael her other son. "Michael, hurry up and track that unfilial granddaughter and ask her to get back here as soon as possible.11


At this time in Nathan's residence, the dishes were already served as Hilda and Nathan were eating silently on the dinning table.

Nathan was the first to break the silence. "How is it?"

"Hmm." With food in her mouth Hilda replied before looking up at him. "I love it!"
###Chapter 22

Nathan smiled and said. "If you like it that much then I will make it for you whenever I get the chance."

Hearing his reply Hilda blushed. Changing the subject she asked. "You were out of the country yesterday so how come you appeared at the birthday celebration?"

Hearing the birthday celebration Nathan's gaze darkened. "Oh.I was invited by a business partner."

Hearing his reply Hilda's mood was then sad. She thought he came because of her but no, he came because of his business partner."Okay."

"Yeah. Hope you are done with the packing up?" Nathan asked.

"Yeah." She replied absentmindedly.

"Okay then after breakfast let's drive to your apartment and move the most important stuffs to my place as that's gonna be our home now and the rest could be kept there as we will still rent the place. What do you think?"

"Huh?" Hilda asked.

"Yes. After all that's where you stayed after you moved out of the Adam's family residence. And moreover, your place is also my place and vice versa." Nathan replied calmly like what he
said was normal between them.

Hilda looked at him and thought. Since when did we become this close that my place is his place and vise versa? I got a lot of things too so I guess what he said makes sense after all. She then replied."Okay"

After they were done eating. Nathan drove them to Hilda's apartment. As Hilda was still in his shirt.she was a little shy to get down. After the car came to a halt in front of her house.she looked left and right before hurriedly getting out and walking hastily into the apartment complex.

Taking her keys from her purse, she unlocked the door and entered in a swift. Nathan who has also gotten out of the car was at a loss for words. He then walked into the apartment complex with quick strides.

Upon reaching her door, he knocked before entering. Entering he saw Hilda who had already changed her dress sitting on the sofa whiles drinking water. Seeing him she gestured for him to sit down before getting him a bottle of water. "My place isn't that spacious like yours but it is quiet comfortable. Have a sit."

As Nathan walked into the apartment, he quickly scanned the entire room. Although it wasn't that big, it was spacious enough. "Thank you."

The room was small with clean white walls, a bed, a desk with
a blank blotter on it. sliding closets opposite the bed. and a thin green shag carpet.

There was a computer which faces out of the window. Making it more like having the sky and buildings in the background.

As he was looking out of the window, a bird few buy and then a plane also in the distance. Looking to his far left was a 42inch TV which was on at the moment and was displaying my daily dose of CNN.

Next to that is a Buddhist atar. To his right is a framed poster displaying a poem that of what he had seen on buses and trains. And to the far right is a back and white picture of a man model with wide beams of light gushing in through the windows.


The beams look like they are about to make the commuters levitate at any minute and float skyward. A single light burned,casting light on a chintz couch and an antique Quaker chair

Improvised kitchenette off to one side.

The furnishings were cheap, black- painted. A worn mustard-yellow bean-bag chair, a relic of the seventies was also in there.An old tape deck and a towering set of speakers whose cloth was fraying.

Taking his seat, he took the water from Hilda. Before he could take a sip his phone rang. Looking at the caller ID, Nathan
frowned before answering. "Okay. I will be there."

With that Nathan stood up hurriedly, place the water on the table before speaking hurriedly. "Pumpkin, something came up that I need to take care of. Just get all your stuffs ready I will come back and get you later."


Looking at him who was already walking away as soon as he came, she suddenly felt sad as she watched him leave. But after thinking about how he reacted after receiving the call.Hilda understood that maybe something important really came up.

With that Nathan hurriedly walked out of the apartment towards his car speeding off.

At this time, the men sent by Michael have also arrived at Hilda's apartment complex.

Hilda who was still sitting on the sofa suddenly heard a knock on her door. Thinking that it was Nathan who had probably left something,she hurriedly went to get the door with a smile on her face. "Did you forget..."

When she opened the door, she noticed that it wasn't Nathan but three burly men. Staring at them, "Who are you guys?What do you want?"

"The Matriarch asked us to get you." One of the burly men answered.
"The Matriarch? Why would my grandmother send you to come and get me?" Feeling suspicious Hilda asked rather puzzled.

Without bothering to answer her question, one of the burly men asked. "Are you going to come with us or do you want us to make you?"

Noticing that they were serious Hilda then said "Let me make a call." Closing the door on them she entered her room and took her phone. Turning it on she noticed she was low on battery as the phone was off.

She then placed it on charge and turned it only to be greeted with a numerous missed calls and messages. Most of them were from Carmen and Daniel.

Reading the messages, she then recalled what happened the night before. Although she and Nathan didn't talk about it, it didn't mean she had forgotten about what she did to Mr. Rex.

She got up and changed her dress, applied a little bit of makeup as she was still in Nathan's shirt then walked out to go with the burly men who were already impatient after waiting for some time.

Walking out of her roomn, she coldly said. "Let's go!"

Clemons Hospital.
At this time in the hospital. Nathan rushed in as soon as he parked his car.

In the hospital's VVIP corridor, some members from the Clemon family were all standing whiles others were pacing up and down on the corridor. When Nathan entered he turned to his dad and asked. "Dad, what happened?"

"It turn out he was sick and had a disease. I had returned from a walk with your mom and found your grandfather lying in bed but his limbs felt leaden, as if they were made of sand.He lay on the bed, trying to persuade himself to walk across the room to get a glass of cold water from the bedside.

That was when I rushed him to the hospital as soon as I can.He has been in the ICU since we came and the doctors haven't said anything."

After hearing what his dad said, Nathan's face was expressionless. He had a deadpan face so no one knew how he was feeling. As he had been long numbed to all feeling because of all that he had been through since young, no one knew how he felt.


After an hour later, the light in front of the ICU went off and the doctor came out. The family rushed to him. Nathan's dad Mr. Damian Clemon was the one who spoke up. "How is he?"
###Chapter 23

The doctor shook his head. "We tried our best but his health is very poor at the moment. I advise you to brace yourselves for the worst."


"What do you mean by that?" NNathan's uncle, Mr. Richard Clemon asked.


"His health has been detoriating for the past years. As at now he is in a coma and if he doesn't wake up in the next seventy two hours..." The doctor didn't continue but they all understood what he meant.


When Nathan heard the doctors words, he took a few steps back and lean on the corridor wall. His grandfather was the one who brought him up and thought him all he knew now.Although his parents are still alive.

Nathan mother is a rather weak woman who has acute leukemia. As she has being going for chemotherapy and radiotherapy session, Nathan's dad spent most of his time with her and whenever she was in a healthy shape, they travel around the world.


Since a possible cure is not available at that moment there is a risk that the lack of healthy blood cells might make her extremely vulnerable to life-threatening infections and uncontrolled serious bleeding which may lead to death.
So Nathan's dad passed everything down to him as the only heir of the family making him take the Clemon Group in his hands at her young age. With that his grandfather groomed him to what he was today. And he also took care of his wife.

"He would be in the intensive care unit for now for observation for the next seventy two hours. You can take turns to see him after a while." With that said the doctor walked away leaving them on the corridor.


Meanwhile in the Adams residence, the burly men had arrived with Hilda. The moment her mother saw her. she raised her hand and struck her hard on her cheek. "You piece of trash!How dare you attack Mr. Rex? Do you know who he is?"

Holding her cheeks Hilda stared at the woman who she had called mom for 19years. "Don't you know why I attacked him or do you want me to tell you?"

Hilda have never spoken back to Mrs. Adams before so the latter was shocked by her sudden outburst. "What did you just say?"

"I was asking if you didn't know why I attacked him. What are you going to do? Slap me again? Hah.." Hilda furiously spat. She had had enough of this family. Although she didn't know her biological family, she wouldn't let them treat her bad anymore.
Mrs. Adams was beyond furious and speechless after Hilda repeated herself. Pointing at her she didn't know how to refute."You...."


Mr. Lewis then spoke up. "Hilda, that's no way to talk to your mother."


Hilda sneered. "Mother? When as she ever been a mother to me?"


Looking at them who were bickering at each other the Matriarch was impatient as she hit her cane on the ground."Enough all of you!" With that the place fell silent.

She then continued. "Hilda, Mr. Rex has said that he is willing to let the Adams family off the hook only with you accompany him for a night..."

Color drained from Hilda's face when she heard the Matriarch's words.Turning around she noticed the door has been tightly shut as soon after she entered. "Grandmother, what are you talking about? I'm not going to agree to this."

Although Hilda attacked Rex, it was in self defense as he was about to take advantage of her. How could he request for Hilda to spend a night with him before letting the family off.

The Adams family had all this planned out since the beginning so the sudden fall out at the end was uncalled for. More like everyone was selling her out.
Hilda felt saddened as she thought about the family she had known for so long selling her out like this.


"Hilda, the Adams family future is currently in your hands.How could you refuse?" Mr. Lewis questioned.

"Dad..." Hilda's eyes were filled with hostility as she stared at him. The words just now had caused her emotions to rise and fall, as though they were restless waves that could not be calmed. She wanted to tell him she is also his daughter. How can he send her to accompany Rex who was known for his promiscuous life style for a night? That would be the end of her.


Carmen who was standing at the side was secretly grinning in her heart but sounded caring as she voiced out. "Dad, Hilda is still young. We shouldn't do this to her. Since she said she can't why don't we try and convince Mr. Rex another way out?"

Hearing the kindness in Carmen's words, Mr. Lewis thought.Look how soft hearted my daughter is. She still cares for Hilda although she nearly ruined her engagement ceremony. "Carmen,it's not that we didn't sound him out in another way but he said HIilda should accompany him for a night and nothing else could be done or else the Adams family would face his wrath."

The Matriarch looked at Hilda and said. "It has already been decided. You would be keeping Mr. Rex company tonight."With that she turned around and walked towards her room.
"T'm not going to.." With that Hilda slumped into the sofa beside her.


The members of the Adams family sneered at her before walking off one after another leaving Mr. Lewis. Mrs. Amanda.Carmen and Daniel.

"Hilda, we are doing this for your own good. We are your family, we won't hurt you." Mrs. Adams said hypocritically before walking away with Carmen with Daniel following suit.

Although Daniel was burning with fury inside, there was nothing he could do. The cross family wasn't a family you could mess with. He has been dating Hilda for two years and yet he didn't even get to cuddle with her and Rex wants her to accompany him for a night. Fuming mad, he walked away with his thoughts. As he wouldn't dare to offend the young master of the Cross family.

Mr. Lewis looked at Hilda. "My dear daughter, I'm really sorry but you have to do this."

Hilda stared back at him and said. "Daughter? Hah, you don't have to pretend with me. I know I'm not your biological daughter."

Shocked, Mr. Lewis calmed himself down. "What nonsense are you sprouting? What do you mean by you are not my daughter?"
"You don 't have to act in front of me. I overheard you talking about it with mom the other day in the study."

Sighing Mr. Lewis replied. "Since you already know. there is no need for me to hide it. Yes you are not my biological daughter.But I have always treated you like my biological daughter."

Tears welled up in Hilda's eyes when she heard his words. He really isn't my biological father after all. So who am I? Whose daughter am I? Why would my family abandon me?

With this thought in her mind. Hilda couldn't suppress her tears as they fell down her cheeks. Mr. Lewis tried to comfort her but she ignored him and wiped the tears. "So where is my family? Who are my parents?"

Mr. Lewis shook his head. "After you accompany Mr. Rex for the night, I will tell you about your family." With that said he got up and prepared to leave.

Before leaving he turned and looked at Hilda. "Mr. Rex is waiting for you in your room. You will be spending the night together tonight." With that, he walked away.
###Chapter 24

Tears streamed down her face as she watched the man she had called dad for the past 19 years turn to be a stranger walk away.


Meanwhile inside Hilda's room. Rex sat on her bed as he looked around the small bedroom. The hue of the bedroom was sky blue. There was a round bed, a dressing table, closet.and desk all which had a little color of blue in it.


He sat on the bed patiently as he waited for Hilda. Since the Adams family has already promise to make Hilda accompany him for the night, he knew there was no need for him to rush.Sitting on the bed, he began fiddling with his cufflinks.

Tears were still streaming down Hilda's face as she sat in the large hall looking at nothing really in particular. The mere thought of being sent to Rex's bed was suffocating her.But thinking about the fact that she would get to know who her biological family were, she became conflicted.

Although the temptation of getting to know her biological family was strong, there was also unwillingness for her to accompany Rex who was known for his promiscuous life for a night. Thinking about this, disdain rose deep within her heart for the Adams family.

Since she came back from her trip, she had been exposed to a
completely different way of life. Only now this she realized just how unbearable and unsightly her family was. But what could she do? She didn't choose to be abandoned by her biological family.

All of a sudden, she heard footsteps of someone walking up to her. She raised her head only to see a tall figure with a bandage over his head walking up to her. She hurriedly wiped her tears. "What do you want?"


Rex walked over to where she was seated. His deep eyes stared at her before he said in a low voice. "I have been waiting for a while now but you aren't coming. I hate to be kept waiting so I came to get you myself"

"You came to get who? I am not going to accompany you for the night. Dream on!" Hilda hurriedly refused.

With a lecherous gaze, Mr. Rex stared at Hilda. "Tsk,tsk,tsk.Don't tell me that you have forgotten so soon about how you attacked me."


"You deserved it! You triedI to take advantage of me." Hilda rebuked.

"Why would I, Rex Cross, have to take advantage of someone?"
Rex raised an eyebrow before he continued. "Your parents gave you to me on their own free will. I didn't force them."

Yes, he has a point. I was sent to his bed and I got lucky at
that time but what about tonight? Nathan saved me the other night but what about tonight? Rex then added. "I can get any girl I want."

Thinking about this. Hilda stood up from the sofa and locked her arms around his neck. "Rex..." She called his name coquettishly. Before Rex could say anything she continued."You know I'm a stubborn girl, but the truth is I like you. I just didn't want my sister to know. As you know she took my boyfriend away from me so I didn't want the same to happen with you."

Looking at the girl who was acting all coquettishly with him.Rex was puzzled at first but thought what she said could make sense. Who wouldn't like him? After all he his the Young Master of the Cross Family and the only heir to their family business.

With that thought in mind, he didn't think to doubt her any longer. "I knew you liked me babe. How about this, Let's go get something to drink first before having some fun later at a hotel. What do you think?"

Without hesitating Hilda replied. "Sure. I would love that."

Hilda didn't expect him to actually fall for what she just said.What happened was far from what she had imagined. Her cheeks were still wet with tears. She took a little mirror from her bag and did a little make over.
Nathan then held her waist and walked out of the Adams family house.

Carmen who had been hiding just now in a corner was filled with rage as anger was visible in her eyes. Even with the dim light Hilda could clearly see it. It was just what she had wanted to happen the moment she saw Carmen hiding in the corner.

From the moment her life was in peril, she was enveloped with the desire to see Carmen filled with rage.

Carmen gritted her teeth. "That b*tch! How could Mr. Rex take a liking to her! Although he lives a promicuous life, he his still the heir to billions. He deserves someone like me. I'm way better than Hilda." She thought.

Outside the Adams residence, it was as though the whole world was quiet. Nothing but insect chipping could be heard.Hilda was contemplating on how to get rid of Rex as they were now outside the Adams residence.

She didn't say a word as Rex had his hand on her waist. The man was too dazed by the fact that he was going to spend the night with her that he didn't pay any attention to her facial expression. After getting in his car he started the ignition and headed for the bar.

Meanwhile Nathan who was leaning on the way of the hospital
corridor suddenly heard his phone buzzing. Taking it out he noticed it was Hilda. "Pumpkin..." His voice was hoarse.


Hilda who was in the car acted like she was just fidgeting with her phone when in real fact she had called Nathan. "Mr. Rex.so which bar are we going?"

Smiling. Rex had one hand on the steering wheel while the other roamed Hilda's body. "We are going to the biggest bar in the city."

"Kiki Bees I guess." Hilda held his hand as she replied with a smile on her face but within her she was fuming with rage as she found him disgusting.

Nathan who answered the call but didn't hear Hilda's voice at first was shaken but after listening to the conversation that was going on between them he frown. The young master of the Cross family? What's has he got to do with Hilda?

After contemplating with himself for a while, he left the hospital. As it was late, there were not much cars on the street so Nathan sped off towards the club.

At this time Hilda was secretly praying that Nathan would come and save her but she knew better that he might be busy attending to something as the call he answered earlier was an emergency.

After some time, they arrived at the club. Hilda looked around
the street if she could catch a glimpse of Nathan's car but no she didn't. At that, disappointment washed over her. What was I thinking? That he was going to stop everything he was doing and come and save me just because I called him?

"We are here." Hilda said heartbrokenly.

Rex who was excited as he finally got his hand on Hilda didn't notice the sudden change in her mood. "Yeah babe and I got you tonight. Anything you want just let me know and I would get it done for you."

With that Rex got off the car together with Hilda and headed inside the bar.
###Chapter 25

At this time,the bar was packed with people with a little dim light. Mr. Rex and Hilda walked inside.

Hilda's prettyface was a little pale. Her gaze was filled with worry and solemn emotions after all Nathan was no where in sight and Mr. Rex was still clinging onto her.

Thinking about the troubles she was going to face and how her life was going to come to an end, Hilda quivered.

"Hilda why are you acting timid?" Rex complained when he noticed how stiff Hilda was acting. His brows immediately knitted as a thick frown formed on his face.


Hilda then smiled at him and said sweetly. "No, I am not timid.It is just that it is too packed in here."


Rex could not help but start laughing. "This place is always packed like this. This place charges at least ten thousand per person. What a steal for a hillbilly like you. Don't worry.Today,you will get to see various aspects of society."

Hilda took a deep breath as she soothe her angry emotions.Who did he think he his? Just because he his the heir to billions? Smiling at him, she walked towards the inside of the club without uttering a word.

On the first floor was the bar. Once entered, you can hear the
loud roaring of music and people screaming. It was very noisy and dim. Everyone inside was swaying their bodies like wild horses that were let loose after a long time.

With a scene of lively and noisy festivities, people drinking large amount of alcohol and extreme indulgence in bodily pleasures and sexual pleasures, behaviors involving sex, drugs were all taking place in there. Hilda frowned.

Although this is often considered immoral, in a place like Kiki Bees. it was a norm.


Rex was glad when Hilda took the lead to walk inside. In his mind they were going to drink and spend the night in wild rioting and debauchery.

After taking a few steps inside the club, Hilda's eyes were involuntarily attracted to a booth set at the highest point inside the bar.


The booth seat was situated up at the highest part of the bar.Which stood high above everything else looking down from the top as it dominated everything else like a throne where one can only arch their head up to look at.

A thin and dark outline of someone became visible in the dim light as the person sat on the wide booth seat all by himself Jike a king. Taking a closer look, Hilda noticed the person looked familiar.
Sitting up there was a man dressed in a crisp white shirt with black slacks. His looks were of one that would stand out in a crowd but his eyes were cold.

His delicate hands held onto a wine glass as he swayed it around with the air of dignity and disposition, which would make anyone's heart beat uncontrollably.

Rex caught Hilda's gaze when he noticed that she stood still all of a sudden. Walking in front of her with a look of contempt he said. "Never seen it before, have you? Let me tell you. That's the throne of Kiki Bees Club! It is meant only for the owner of the place. Mr. Nathan Clemon. No one else is allowed near the seat."

Nathan Clemon

The name made Hilda's heart jump with joy. Nathan is here.

But at the same time she was nervous. How would he see me when there are so many people in here? I need to get close to him. With that thought in mind Hilda approached Rex looking at him with her big round eyes. "Mr. Rex, How about we join him up there. After all, you are the heir to the Cross family business. You have billions to your name so..."

Rex frowned. I am not sure.

Who hasn't heard of Nathan's ruthlessness. In the big four, He was known for his swift and silent kills that left no bloodstains
and traces. But if there was any blood stains, those were the blood of his dead kills.


Nathan was exceptionally tricky. He engaged in both legal and illegal businesses. No one ever dares to mess with him.

Rex was a little taken back when he heard Hilda's request. But he just shook his head and decided not to be afraid of Nathan as Hilda had a point. He was the heir to billions so he could take this chance and get close to Nathan.

Looking up, he noticed there were men dressed in black guarding the 'throne' seat which meant that Nathan was up there. Immediately, he knew it was his chance since Nathan barely came over there.

Nathan also noticed Hilda when she came in earlier. Looking at her who was coming in, he felt like he had travelled back to fifteen years ago.

At that time, he was just a little man. He followed his dad to the Adams residence on a business invitation. Although he was young at that time, he was already involved in their family business.


After they were done with their business and he was about to head home, he noticed a little girl siting by the garden playing with a doll whiles singing. Her voice was melodious that he was enchanted at that moment. Walking forward he didIn't
notice the girl had her doll's bed lay on the grass and he stepped on it.

The little girl then burst into tears which scared him. Although he was only fifteen at that time, the aura he had with him was way beyond someone of his age.

With a cold face he stepped back and apologized but the girl wouldn't budge till heheld the doll as his dad. From then,anytime he visited the Adams family for business, he was the doll's dad while that little girl was the mother.

A year later he left to continue his studies and never saw that girl again but he never forgot that little girl's charming voice.

After he was all grown up and became the person in charge for the Clemon family and Group, he still had that little girl in mind.

That was until she approached him at the bar.

"Although years have past, you are always going to be that little girl to me. And now I won't let anyone harm you."
Nathan stared at her before he walked down alone.

And this moment Rex held Hilda's hand and ushered her toward the 'throne' seat.


Hilda shivered when Rex held her because she saw Nathan walking towards them with a cold face.
The expression on her face changed completely. As though she was in a frenzy.

When Nathan walked down from the 'throne' seat, the bodyguards wanted to follow along but he stopped them and not many knew him as the Nathan Clemon as he always kept a low profile.

Stopping right in front of Rex and Hilda, Nathan stared at Rex coldly and then his hand which held onto Hilda.

Following his gaze, Hilda pulled her hand out of Rex's grip as she was horrified. But Rex held her firmly that she couldn't pull back her hand.

"What's wrong babe?" Rex asked when he saw Hilda pulling her hands from his grip and the horrified expression on her face.
###Chapter 26

Shaking her head. Hilda didn't dare to say anything but just stared at Nathan who was standing in front of them.

Rex also noticed the fearful expression she had on when she looked at Nathan who was currently standing in front of them.He eyed him and snorted before trying to walk pass him but Nathan stood in front of him again.

Angered by him Rex roared. "Hey, what do you mean by what you are doing? Move out of the way." With that he tried to walk pass Nathan again and he was blocked yet again.

Fuming. Rex pointed at Nathan and said. "Do you know who I am? You wouldn't want to mess with me if you do so move out of my way." As it was a norm at Kiki Bees, your woman come be taken away if one wants to. More like survival of the fittest. If anyone takes an interest to your woman, then you got to fight back if only you can.

Without bordering to answer him, Nathan took Hilda by the other hand and tried to walk out with her.


Seeing what was happening Rex was boiling with rage. He then tightened his grip on Hilda.

Rex gritted his teeth as he stared at Nathan with gaze full of menace. "Who the hell are you and what do you want?"
"Let go of her!" Without replying him Nathan beckoned him with his gaze on his hand which tightly held onto Hilda without sparing him a single glance.

Hilda shook her hand as she tried to free herself from Rex but to no avail.


Rex who was known for his promicuous lifestyle was holding onto her right in front of her husband but she couldn't bring her self to let him leave her.

Rex was close to having Hilda accompany him for the night but the sudden appearance of Nathan thwarted his plans. His eyes bulged angrily whiles his whole face was filled with rage."How dare you ask me to get my hands off her? Stay out of my affairs you punk!" He snarled.

Nathan turned and stared at Rex with a cold killer stare.

Rex was shaken when he saw his gaze but put up a brave front."What are you going to do? Do you know who I am? I am the young master of the Rex family and the future heir to the Rex Group!"

"No one dares to touch me in the whole of Taadi City because the consequences would be dire." Rex quickly added.

Nathan stood directly in front of him with a disinterested look."Are you done with your nonsense?"
His reply gave Rex a shock who thought Nathan would crouch down in fear after hearing his name. After all, all who hears the name Rex Cross, the Young Master of the Cross family cowers in fear.

Who is this man. Rex stared at him as if he had thought of something.He sneered."Do you know the owner of this place?Mr. Nathan Clemons, he is my close friend so I bet you wouldn't want to get on his bad side.

Surprised. Nathan stared at him with his brows raised.

Thinking that Nathan was scared, he continued."You scared now? Huh? If you know what's best for you, you will let goof my babe before I call security."

Nathan smiled at him. "Why don't I know you are my friend.A close one at that?"

The arrogant expression on Rex's face froze after he heard what Nathan said. "What do you mean by that?"

Casting a glance at the bodyguards standing a distance away from him Nathan said coldly. "From now on, he his ban from any club under the Clemon Group." After that he turned and pulled Hilda's hands from Rex's grip and walked away.

But to his surprise, Rex blocked his path before bursting into laughter. "Who do you think you are to ban me you punk!?Do you think I do not know Mr. Clemon myself? An
impersonator like you should have their legs broken. Wait until I tell Mr. Clemon."

Nathan's gaze darkened before sauntering to where Rex was standing. No one dares to get in his way. Hilda who was behind him shuddered.


Unwarily, he raised his leg and stomped on Rex's right leg with brutal force.

Crack.

Nathan broke Rex's right leg. Which sent Rex rolling and writhing in pain on the floor whiles he wailed.

As the music was still loud in the bar, no one heard Rex's wail.

With an unconcerned look, Nathan walked back to Hilda who was staring at Rex who was cursing at Nathan on the ground."Let's go." He said softly.

Hilda bit her lower lips resolutely. It was not possible for her to pity a monster like Rex who was close to ruining her life.

With that, she turned around and followed Nathan out of the club.


Nathan's Maybach was already packed outside. When they got to the car, Nathan opened the backseat and sat down with Hilda following suite. One of the bodyguards took the drivers
seat and the other, the passenger seat in front.

Nathan shut his eyes after sitting down as if he was taking a nap and was oblivious to the fact that Hilda was sitting right next to him.


The car engine revved and sped out. After some time,Hilda noticed that the car was headed to her apartment. But the car was engulfed with silence as no one spoke.

Hilda was kind of nervous as she knew Nathan might be mad at her. She didn't meet up with Rex but she was forced to do SO.


In the grip of silent panic, the air inside the car felt like it was suffocating her. Everything was so quiet that she could hear the sound of one's heart beating in their chest.

Breaking the silence, Hilda stuttered. "M- Mr. Nathan, I didn't plan to come to the club with Mr. Rex. I was forced.Immediately you left, two men came overand..."

To her, Nathan wasn't talking because he felt cheated so she had the urge to tell him what really happened. She was desperately trying to explained what happened when Nathan cut her off. "I know."

Huh?

Then why isn't he saying anything? Hilda stared at him.
Nathan was amused by Hilda's stare. He thought, I'm deep in thought not because I'm mad at you. "T'm sorry I left you half way through the packing."

Huh? Again Hilda was shocked. She was nervous and fidgety since she thought Nathan was mad but here he was apologizing to her. Like Nathan the cold and aloof CEO actually apologized to her? But why would he?

The car soon came to a stop but Hilda seemed to still be immerse in her daze that she didn't notice. Nathan then nudged her with an elbow. Raising an eyebrow he asked."What are you thinking about?"

Snapping out her daze she looked at Nathan. "Huh?"

"We have arrived for quiet some time now but you seemed to be in a daze. What were you thinking about?"

Blushing Hilda shook her head. "No, nothing."

"Hmm. Then let's get off now." With that Nathan got down from the car followed by Hilda who was trying to look calm before they sauntered together towards her apartment.
###Chapter 27

In her apartment, as soon as they got inside,she launched onto the sofa forgetting that Nathan was actually followwing right beside her.

She was tired after what went on during the day. Seems like she is a b*stard with no family. Would Nathan divorce her if he found out about it?

Thinking about this, she totally forgot about the main reason why she was back at her apartment.

Nathan stared at her as he leaned on the door. Taking in all the changes in her expression. What did she go through this past few hours when I left for the hospital?

Looking at the packed luggage's, Nathan cleared his throat and said in a much gentler tone. "Pumpkin, are you taking all this along?"

"Huh?" That was when Hilda recalled her reason for coming back to her apartment. "Yes."

"But they are far too much or what do you think?" The apartment isn't that spacious but she got so many stuffs.Nathan thought to himself.

"How about this, we would still be renting the place so why not just take the most important stuffs you need. The clothes,
you already have a set delivered to my residence so you don't have to take any." Nathan said calmly as he tried his best to sound her out. After all if she says she was going to take all this with her, she wouldn't even use them.

"Erm okay. If you say so."

With that Nathan excited the apartment with a few luggage's and handed them to his bodyguard's before entering back inside as Hilda was unpacking some stuffs and covering all the sofa's.


After an hour, everything was set for them to leave. Walking out of her apartment, she looked back and though. I never thought a day would come like this when I would move out to leave with someone else apart from Daniel. But what can I say.Fate is really cruel.

All the memories that came with the Adams family and this apartment would be locked away somewhere deep within me.As I leave now, I'm going to start a new life as I am now married. There wouldn't be any looking back.

With tears in her eyes, Hilda entered the Maybach before it drove off.


Kiki Bees

Meanwhile still in the club, Rex was fuming with rage as he was taken away by his mom. "Mom, you have to avenge me.
He broke my leg! He wanted to kill me. I want both of his legs broken too."

Mrs. Cross was infuriated when she received Rex's call telling her someone almost killed him which resulted in her rushing to the club. "Don't worry son. How is it possible that there is someone who dares to make a move on my son? One that could have almost left him crippled? This person deserves nothing but death. Tell me who it is." Mrs. Cross's voice was cold.


Rex was ecstatic when he heard his mom's cold voice. He pretended to speak in a frightened tone. "Mom, he claims he is Mr. Nathan and even asked the guards to ban me from coming to any of their clubs. He was bold enough to threaten me with Mr. Nathan and broke my leg."

Boom.

As soon as Mrs. Cross heard that, she was like a ferocious tiger that has been suppressing her fiery anger.

"Mom you have to avenge me. HHe even said that the Cross family means nothing to him. We should send someone to capture him. I want to give him a beating so that he gets a taste of what it feels like to have one's leg broken." Rex continued

Mrs. Cross was infuriated. Like who was bold enough to say
that the Cross family means nothing to him? Unless that person was courting death. Turning to her bodyguards, he ordered coldly. "You all go bring the..."

Before she could finish, her phone rang. taking it out.she noticed it was from Mr. Cross.

Immediately she answer, the angry roar of Mr. Cross was heard. "You b*tch! I have been telling you to keep your son out of trouble but you wouldn't listen. You see what he has done now?"


Shocked Mrs. Cross looked at the Id and made sure it was her husband. "Hun, what are you talking about? What has Rex done? He is here with me at the moment in the hospital so what are you talking about?"

"What am I talking about? Why not ask him? That son of yours not only choose to mess with other people and this time he messed with Mr. Nathan who now wants to buy the Cross Group at a low price." With that Mr. Cross hanged up.

Mrs. Cross nearly fainted when she heard her husband's words.
Did this mean that the man who broke her son's leg was not an impersonator but the real Mr. Nathan? If that is it then...

She turned and looked at Rex who was looking at her whiles still cursing Mr. Nathan. "Mom you need to make him have a taste of how it feels like to have one's leg broken."
"Shut up!" Mrs. Cross yelled at Rex.

Huh?

"But mom..." Rex was stunned by his mother's sudden outburst.


Pointing a finger at him Mrs. cross yelled. "You..! Do you know what you have done?"

"Mom. I didn't do anything. He was the one who..."

"Shut up! Let me think of something."

"Mom. what are you talking about?" Rex was stunned. HIe didn't expect this reaction from his mom.

At that moment, he noticed that his mom's eyelids twitched nonstop and she was panting with a little bit of anger.

"I demand you to go look for Mr. Nathan and apologize immediately. If he doesn't forgive you, don't even think about coming back home." After that Mrs. Cross turned to walk away.

Rex was completely muddleheaded.

Clearly, it was him who had his leg broken, so why does he need to apologize to that impersonator? Or wait... He is really Mr. Nathan? No that's impossible.

Mr. Nathan wouldn't have taken a hillbilly like Hilda away
from him unless...

"Mom but why? I am the one with the broken leg!" Rex was confused as he yelled before his mom could walk out.

"Mr. Nathan was the one who broke your leg and now he is going after the Cross Group. We are going to be bankrupt soon if you don't look for him and apologize now.

Boom

Rex was dumbfounded as a bad hunch emerged in his mind. I am in trouble. He could feel his scalp bursting instantly.

He couldn't imagine what would become of him if Nathan really did take action against the Cross Group. "Mom, hurry.Use your connections to help me find Mr. Nathan before it is too late. You already know the kind of man he is."

Rex shuddered with a look of fear in his eyes as he spoke. I just messed with the ruthless devil, Nathan Clemon. Thinking about this scared Rex out of his wits.


Mrs. Cross and her son Rex were like ants on a hot pot as they urgently used their personal connections to make calls while trying to locate Mr. Nathan.

Rex hadn't seen this coming.
###Chapter 28

Nathan Residence.

The car came to a stop and the body guards carried all the luggage's inside. Hilda and Nathan followed suit each having a bag in their hands. Although Hilda left most of her stuffs in her apartment, the stuffs she brought over to Nathan's residence weren't small either.


The boxes she came along with were placed in the guest room were as the luggage's were placed in the master's bedroom.

"It's late now but I have something to attend to. I might come back late so you don't have to wait for me." Nathan said to Hilda.

"Okay I uunderstand."

"The bodyguards would be outside so in case you need anything you just have to let them know. If there is nothing else, I would get going now." With that Nathan turned around and walked out of the bedroom.


Watching him leave, Hilda wanted to say something but she didn't know how to voice it out. She stood rooted to the spot till she heard the sound of a car revving in the garage before walking to the window. 'Thank you.' She whispered to herself.

Since it was already late, Hilda went into the bathroom to take
a shower. She wanted to wash off the grime and bad aura from her body.

Before going to bed, she took a quick stroll in the house trying to familiarize herself with everything.

Nathan's house was a single villa with seven to eight guest rooms and three floors. The first floor is for guest, the second floor was the guest rooms, and the third floor was his personal living area.

As she was on the third floor, she noticed that all the designs where distant yet cold and simple, just like Nathan's personality. It was monotonous as nothing matched with each other.


Also the furniture were just a few, to the point were one could describe the place as 'the lesser, the better'.

The design was simple yet unique. The decorations were completely different from Hilda's house. As her place has a little bit of warmth like flowers which were comforting, Nathan's house was distant.

One could just guess the family's atmosphere just by looking at the decorations.


Her house was warm and sometimes lively. After she moved out of the Adams residence, she needed to be strong all by herself and sometimes Daniel also passes by to make sure she
wouldn't feel like she was alone. Therefore, the apartment was decorated to be warm because she didn't have to feel alone.

As for Nathan's house, it was simple, cold and distant.

Meanwhile Rex and Mrs. Cross felt like they were sitting on pins and needles after using all their connections and still couldn't get in touch with Mr. Nathan.

During this period that they were trying to get in touch with Mr. Nathan, Mrs. Cross and her son had their forehead sweating like a running faucet, splashing and flowing endlessly.

Mr. Cross would call them every few minutes, and every time they would be berated fiercely by him which was driving them crazy.

"D*mn it! You b*stard! How dare you go looking for trouble from Mr. Nathan? Who did you think you were?" Mrs. Cross was beyond furious asshe spat with rage.

"The company is now in turmoil all because of you. What were you thinking?"

Rex's face flashed with horror. His dad had made it clear.

If he did not receive Mr. Nathan's forgiveness, then he would cut ties with him and he would be driven out of the family. He would completely be reduced to nothing but just an abandoned child of a wealthy family.
And it was just not him alone. His mom who was beside him was also terrified that she was on the verge of shedding tears."Mom, what do we do now? Dad has made it clear already"

Fear was written all over their faces.

Rex had never seen his father acted so crazy through out his entire childhood to adulthood. He had a hunch that his dad would really abandon him and his mom if he was not forgiven by Mr. Nathan.

Mrs. Cross who was standing to the side felt waves of numbness spreading over her scalp after hearing Rex.

And just as she was about to comfort him,she heard her phone ringing.

Ding! Ding!

Her ringing tone sounded out.

D*mn it! Who would be calling me at such a crucial moment?The raging anger in Mrs. Cross was burning hotter and hotter as the phone kept on ringing. She continued to swear as she took out her cellphone from her purse.

She then saw an unknown number. Frowning, she answered the call. But before she could say anything she heard a male deep voice. "Mrs. Cross, Mr. Nathan is willing to let you off if you convince your husband to sell fifty one percent of your
company's shares to him. If not..."

Boom!

Mrs. Cross's body could not help but tremble violently when she heard what the caller said.

Immediately after, boundless ecstasy instantly rushed into her head."I will sell the fifty one percent shares to you..."

Her voice was shaking as if she had found her most precious treasure that she had lost and was looking for. Her excitement beggared description.

At that instant, she held Rex and hugged him. "Mr. Nathan is willing to let us off. Al we have to do is sell fifty one percent of our shares to him. Tell your dad that I agree to it and that he should hurry and go sign the papers."

Damn it. Fifty one percent of our company shares? That is going to make him the major shareholder of the Cross Group.

But soon after, he knew it was all his fault.

The Cross group belongs to Mrs. cross as she was the only daughter of her family. Her father died earlier on but before he did, he found her a capable man who was willing to be a live in son in law and take their family name to continue his legacy.

Rex then took out his phone and called his dad telling him
about his mother's decision. As she was too excited, she couldn't bring herself to talk to her husband after all, she just escaped a nearly death sentence as Mr. Nathan wouldn't have let them off that easily.

Mr. rex then called Stanley before signing all the necessary document. Reading through the documents, he noticed that the shares were been bought under the name of Miss Hilda Adams which confused him. Why would Mr. Nathan buy the shares for Miss Adams? But yet again he thought, Mr. Nathan wouldn't be affiliated to a second hand rich family like the Adams.

After that he signed all the documents and fifty one percent of the company's shares were now owned by a Miss Hilda Adams who is the new CEO of the Cross Group. With that Stanley walked away with the document before making a call. "Boss, it is done."


Meanwhile in Nathan's Residence, Hilda was tossing and turning in bed as she couldn't sleep. She payed heed to any noise outside to notice Nathan's as soon as he arrives but looking at the time, she sighed. 'It is already one am and he is still not back.'

Hmm, I might as well just sleep like that.
###Chapter 29

At the hospital, The members of the Clemon's family took turns in the ward of the Patriarch. Nathan who was currently in the room sighed when he noticed how pale his grandfather was.

The old man was lying on the hospital bed with all kind of tubes and apparatuses inserted into his skinny and frail body.

The mere sight of him lying down like this broke his heart."Grandpa.." Nathan said in a soft whisper.

Looking at the emotionless old man who didn't respond to him once again, Nathan could not help but feel every kind of sadness. Although his facial expression didn't reveal anything,he himself knew how he felt deep within him.

At his age, instead of being in an ICU ward and suffering all by himself, he should be home being surrounded by his kids and grand kids smiling and laughing it off in the back yard garden.

Although it appears to be like he was receiving every possible means of comfort, it was still far different.


Nevertheless, it was a good thing since his dad had noticed him earlier. Otherwise, he would never have guessed about his current situation. Turning around, he walked out.
In the corridor, the Clemons Family members were all gathered there with sorrow written on their faces but deep down within them, they are the only ones who know what is really going on with them.


The old man's sudden collapse had led them all on edge.Others were waiting for his death whiles others want him to open his eyes.

As at now, the old man as given all decision making rights to Nathan which made most of the family members resent him. If he died now, they may take turns and share the property since there won't be any will but if he was to open his eyes, he would make sure to give everything to Nathan before dying.

Although they couldn't fathom why the old man was so fond of Nathan, they knew one thing for sure. Nathan is very capable.

Nathan looked at the members who were standing on the corridor with crocodile tears streaming down their faces and snorted before walking out of the hospital.

Outside the hospital, it was drizzling. While waiting for his car,he stretched out his right hand to catch some rain water until his hand went numb from the cold.

Arriving home, Nathan went into his bedroom. It wasn't until then did he recall that Hilda has now officially moved into his
villa. Looking at her who was lying on the bed clueless about someone standing beside her, Nathan sighed.

Nathan then walked into the bathroom to take a shower. As soon as he was done, he changed into clean clothes and plopped onto the bed ready to fall asleep. But the moment his head touched the pillow, he felt a warm hand on him.

Nathan's eyes darkened. Hilda as sensed him as he plopped beside her. Hilda's temperature was higher than his, and her touch was also burning as if it would make him melt.

Nathan could feel Hilda's breathe just by his neck, and soon,his body started making changes because of the heat.

Nathan recovered from the shock of being unable to move just now and tried to get out of the bed. He didn't want to even think about what would happen if he didn't get out of the bed.

One thing he knew for sure was that, if he let things go on like this,something bad would happen for sure.

"You are entertaining me, huh?" Nathan tried to get up but he also didn't want to wake her up. As he was being cautious, the physical contact with the warmth of her flesh aroused Nathan's desire more and more.


Aware of his increasing excitement, Nathan froze and dared not move again. But he could not help but curse Hilda a thousand times in his heart.
"D*mn it! You're just... you're going to make me take a cold shower at this time!" Nathan whispered to himself.

With that Nathan got off the bed and excited the master's bedroom. Inside one of the guest rooms, Nathan had just had a shower and was thinking about Hilda.

For his past life, no lady had been able to turn him on like Hilda. Anytime he though about her, his body goes through some changes. Thinking about her again, Nathan felt changes in his body again."D*mn it! Not again."

So that night alone, Nathan had to take a cold bath three times in a row.




Early the next morning, Hilda was up early. She looked around and noticed that Nathan was still no where to be found.Sighing she murmured to herself. "He didn't come back last night!"

She then dragged herself into the bathroom to take a shower before heading downstairs.

Downstairs, on the first floor, she could hear the sound of plates clashing. Frowning, she hurried into the kitchen only to see the man cooking again. 'I thought he didn't come back but here he is.' Hilda thought.
"Pumpkin, you are up." Nathan said in a kind of gentle voice.

"Yes, Good morning." Hilda said rather cheerfully.

"Good morning Pumpkin. Hope you slept well?"

"Yes I did. What time did you get back last night?" Hilda asked.


Thinking about last night, Nathan suddenly turned gloomy.After what you did to me last night you are still asking. "When I came back you were already asleep and I didn't want to worry you so I slept in the guest room."

"Oh, okay."

"Come help me with the dishes onto the dinning table." Nathan then handed some of the dishes to Hilda.


At the same time in the hospital, the Patriarch of the Clemons family was still unconscious as he lay motionless on the bed.Nathan's mom and dad were keeping him company.

Mrs. Leah Clemons, Nathan's mom said rather pitifully. "Hunnie, it has been twenty four hours yet dad is still not awake."


As the weak woman she was, Mr. Damian Clemon, Nathan's dad didn't want her to stress herself. "Don't worry Swveetie,Dad would be fine. Let me get you home to rest."
"No Hunnie, I want to be here till dad wakes up." Mrs. Leah Clemons refused.


"But you know your health too. You should not be stressing yourself..." Mr. Damian Clemon didn't finish when the ward door was suddenly opened.

A lady in a sleek dress walked into the ward. She was tall and breathtakingly beautiful with a petite body. She had a shapely figure as her body was kind of imp- thin. She was wasp-waisted and her skin was glossy in complexion. She had slender eyebrows with eyelashes that were velvety. Her ears were sea- nymph with a dainty nose and cute lips.

As she walked in, she smiled and showed her shiny, halo white teeth. With a purse in her hands, her nails were varnished as she placed her purse down. Her hair was ebony black with the edges dyed sunrise gold.

With rapture- blue eyes, she stared at the old man on the hospital bed and pouted her lips and called out in a sweet and soothing voice. "Aunt, uncle"

Mr. and Mrs. Clemon turned around only to see the petite lady.She was Gloria Sanchez. Nathan's betrothed wife when they were kids.


"Gloría, what are you doing here?" Mrs. Leah Clemons was surprise to see her.
"Aunt, I heard about grandpa's illness so I decided to pass by and check up on him and how Nathan is feeling."

"My dear, you are stilI sweet." Gloria was known for her bouncy and joyous personality which was one to behold. Mrs.Leah Clemons was full of smiles as she looked at her.
###Chapter 30

"Aunt. you shouldn't be polite. How is grandpa though?"Gloria said rather shyly.

Hearing her question, Mrs. Leah Clemons sighed."As you can see. He is unconscious now. We are all hoping for him to open his eyes in the next forty eight hours or else..." Mrs. Leah didn't continue her sentence.


Mr. Damian Clemon also added. "Dad would be fine so you shouldn't worry."

"I sincerely hope he does or I wouldn't know how Nathan would feel." At that, she then spoke up again as if she had just remembered something. "Aunt, where is Nathan?"

"Nathan left for home last night. I think he should be on his way here now." Mrs. Leah Clemons replied.

"Okay then. I would wait for him here then. Aunt why don't you take this time and leave for home. I would keep grandpa company. You can go rest for a while. I would be here." Gloria then said sweetly.


Mr. and Mrs. Clemon looked at Gloria with gaze which showed how fond they were of her.

Mrs. Clemons then though. What an adorable child. If it wasn't what happened that year like she would be my daughter in
law by now and would be calling me mom. She then sighed.

Mr. Clemons also though. What a sweet and nice girl. She really deserves Nathan. With her family background,she and Nathan would have achieve greater heights and nothing could come in Nathan's way but that accident...

With that thought in mind. Mr. Clemon's gaze darkened. Who would have thought that someone would hate them soo much to do that.


"Alrigt my dear. I would go get some rest now. But first let me call Nathan so he comes faster then since you are going to be here all by yourself." With that Mrs. Nathan called Nathan.

At the same time in Nathan's residence, they were already done with breakfast and Hilda was about to leave for work."Nathan I'm going to leave for work now. I would see you later."

Nathan raised his eyebrows and stared at her. "How are you going to get to work from here?"

"I would walk to the junction and hail a cab." She replied.

Nathan then smiled and said.′′I′'m not sure you would get any cab around here. My residence is quiet a distance from the main junction. Why don't you wait and let me drop your off at work?"

Huh? He wants to drop me? What would others say when they
see me getting out of Nathan Clemons car?

"No. No, it's fine. I will just call a taxi then." Hilda refused immediately.


Nathan frowned as she refused his kind gesture. Every woman would love to be in the same car as me even if it was just for just some few minutes but why is she always rejecting me? "Can you drive?"

"Huh?" Hilda was surprised at his sudden question.

"Can you drive?" Nathan then asked again.

"Of course I can drive. When I was in the states, it was quiet a distance from my school to my apartment so I learned how to drive to save me from the trouble of having to hail a taxi every time to and from school." Hilda said excitingly.

Looking at her who was full of smiles as she spoke,Nathan couldn't help but smile too which loosened the wrinkles on his face when he frowned. "The garage is at the far left so you can go pick any car you want the keys are already inserted.

"Really?" Hilda looked at him eagerly as she thought he was kidding.

"Of course. Do I look like I'm kidding?" Nathan was amused by the way she was looking at him eagerly waiting for his response.
Hilda then walked towards the garage with Nathan following behind her. At the same time his phone rang. Reaching into his pocket, he took his phone only to notice it was his mom.

With a gentle tone he answered. "Mom.."

"My son, where are you? Are you going to come to the hospital?" Mrs. Leah Clemon asked. She knew her son had a lot to do at the office so she wouldn't force him if he couldn't make it today. After all he and Gloria grew up together and had known each other since childhood.


It wouldn't be a problem if they don't get to see each other today. They still have a long way to go as Gloria is already betrothed to Nathan as his bride.

"Yes mom, I would be there soon."

"Okay. Take care son." With that Mrs. Leah Clemons hanged up the call.

Gloria was eagerly waiting to hear what Nathan's reply was as she stared at her Aunt. "Aunt, what did Nathan say? Is he going to make it?"

"Yes my dear. He said he would be here soon."

Gloria then smiled shyly and thought to herself. It has been a year since I last saw him. I have to make sure he marries me this time around. Nathan can only be mine.
In the garage. Hilda had her mouth wide opened as her jaw nearly dropped down the floor. Like what the hell? There was Ferrari, a Lotus, a Lamborghini, a Rolls- Royce,a Maserati,a Maybach. a Mercedes and a Porsche. All of the latest model.

The cheapest car in the garage was the Ferrari and Maybach.Where as Nathan would be using the Maybach so she was left with no choice but to go for the sports car.

Turning around, she looked at Nathan. "Mr. N- Nathan, this?"

Nathan was amused but yet his gaze darkened.. "Why do you keep calling me formally? Call me by just Nathan or hubby."

Hilda then lowered her head. He wants me to call him hubby?The name even sounds some way. Eww, he wants me to call him coquettely. "Mr. N.. Erm Nathan. The cars are all too expensive. You sure you want me to drive it out?" Hilda asked shyly

Nathan laughed at how shyly she called him. "Yeah. I don't even drive them all anyway."

"Okay." With that, Hilda walked to the Ferrari and opened it.She gasped at what she saw.

The car's suspension has double wishbones at the front and a multi-link setup at the rear, coupled with E-Diff and F1-Trac traction control systems.
The brakes include a prefill function whereby the pistons in the calipers move the pads into contact with the discs.

The interior color was black whiles the exterior was just like it's owner. Actually, the car didn't belong to Nathan. It belongs to Samuel but he lost it in a bet to Nathan which was why it was in his garage at that time.

Looking at Hilda who was still fawning over the car Nathan couldn't help but frown. She never looks at me like that but look at how she is looking at the car. "A'int you going to leave for work? You are getting late."

With that Hilda came back her senses."Oh yeah."

With that she was about to take her seat when Nathan suddenly blurted. "Are you goingto leave like that?"

Huh? Hilda was stunned. Leave like that? Like why? She then unconsciously looked at her dress and then the car. Then she looked back at Nathan confused. "Why what's wrong?"

"Ain't you going to give me a goodbye kiss?" Nathan then said.

Hilda then stare shyly at Nathan. He wants me to give him a goodbye kiss? Arghh.
###Chapter 31

Hilda held onto the edge of her dress unconsciously. He wants me to kiss him. But...


Hilda then placed her bag in the passenger seat of her new car then walked meekly towards Nathan with her head held low.

She stopped right in front of Nathan and stared at him before retracting her gaze. "Close your eyes." She then said in a low voice.


Amused at her actions, Nathan stared into her eyes. Hilda blushed when she noticed how Nathan was staring at her.She immediately turned around with her face red. "Cl- close your eyes Nathan." She repeated herself this time stuttering.

Nathan looked at her every reaction then smiled. "My eyes are closed."


Hilda then turned around and looked at him. She was caught in a daze when she looked at him who had his eyes closed.Oh God! Nathan truly lives to the prince charming of every girl.Awwwn, he is too handsome.'


She was too much in a daze that she didn't notice that the man had his eyes opened and was currently staring at her too.She is really the same even after so many years. She is simply gorgeous.' After a while, he snapped back to reality but noticed that Hilda was still staring at him and smiling foolishly.
'What is she thinking about? Or she is too captivated by my looks that she is day- dreaming.' Thinking about it, NNathan then held her by the waist and pulled her close to him then kissed her forehead. "Like what you see?"

Hilda then snapped out of her daze. She then took a few steps backs."Huh? I was just.. just"

Nathan then smiled. "Okay, okay. How about you kiss me and then hurry up to work as it is already getting late."

He also had to pass by the hospital first before going to the company so he was in a little bit of a rush as he had a meeting to hold too.


Hilda didn't know how to react. "Erm.." She stood on tiptoes and pouted her lips.

Nathan looked at the lips which were waiting for his and gulped. He then closed the gaps between them.Immediately their lips touched, Hilda pulled away and run towards the car."Goodbye. I would see you later."

Nathan was perplexed. Like his lips barely touched hers and Hilda just pulled away. He stared at her who entered the Ferrari and sighed. "Take care. You would need a pass when coming back in so use your finger print when you get to the main entrance. I would save it here."

With that Hilda moved out of Nathan's residence in the Ferrari.
Nathan watched her car move out till it was out of sight and also walked towards the Maybach.

The bodyguard in the passenger seat immediately got down and opened the back door for Nathan after which he also sat back down and moved out of his residence.


Inside the car, Stanley was driving while the other bodyguard had been asked to follow Hilda and make sure no harm befalls her.


"Where are we headed Boss?" Stanley asked after they drove out of Nathan's residence.


"Head for the hospital." Nathan who was in the back seat was already engrossed in work. Without looking at Stanley,he replied indifferently.

Hilda drove steadily on the streets as she hadn't driven a sports car before. She gasps at the thought of her driving a sport car but yet again she didn't think much about it and focused mainly on the road.

After half an hour, she pulled up in the company's parking lot.When her co- workers saw the sports car pulling over, they were all astonished. They all thought, which big shot is visiting the company today?

Eagerly waiting to see the man who just drove the latest model of the Ferrari to work, they all stood there eagerly but to their
surprise, a lady's heels was seen stepping on the ground as soon as the car door was opened.

Oh my God, it is driven by a woman. This woman must be someone influential.' Some thought whiles others wanted to meet the woman and strike a conversation with her.


To their outmost surprise. Hilda walked out from the Ferrari.They were all shocked. She was in a tailor made linen dress which fitted her petite figure perfectly making her look gorgeous.

They started murmuring among themselves. "Isn't that Hilda from the Adams family."

"Yes she is."

"Why is she driving a Ferrari a1l of a sudden?" They all had strange expressions on their faces when they saw her walking towards the company building.

At the same time, Carmen who had come with Daniel to work that day also noticed Hilda get out of the Ferrari. A gaze immediately turned icy as she thought. 'How come Hilda drove a sports car today, did Mr. Rex get that for her?

As that thought run through her mind, she was filled with hatred. How come Hilda always has the good stuaffs. She turned to look at Daniel who was already captivated by Hilda's look and was looking at her with gaze full of affection.
Noticing the look in Daniel's eyes, she bite her lips and pouted helplessly. "Daniel, did you just see that? Hilda came to work in a sports car today. And it happens to be the new model too.You know she just came back from abroad and doesn't have enough money on her. So how did she get it? Or Mr. Rex bought it for her after she accompanied him for the night?"

Daniel's gaze darkened immediately she heard what Carmen said. It could be true as Hilda can never buy a sports car at this time and a new model as such. Not forgetting she got it right after she accompanied Mr. Rex for a night.

Is that the kind of woman she was all this while? She acted all cute and innocent with me but she was able to let Mr. Rex buy her a sports car after she accompanied him for a night.

Thinking about this, Daniel felt repulsed by her. She never even allowed me to go as far as kissing. Seeing Daniel's expression, Carmen became gleeful inwardly and then added."I knew Hilda always wanted a sports car but I didn't know she was willing to get it after accompanying Mr. Rex for a night. I guess she brought it here purposes to impress you. She wants you back." She then sighed.

Daniel turned to look at her and said sweetly. "Don't worry Carmen. She would never even get my attention with that. I love you just you and nothing would come between us." With that said, he held her and kissed her lips before he added sweetly. "I love you Carmen."
"Awwn Daniel, you making me blush. I love you much more too." Carmen replied shyly.

"You have to get going now Daniel. I would be going back home now. Don't forget we shopping tonight. Take care."Carmen added and then blew a kiss to Daniel before hopping into her car to drive away.

Daniel watched Carmen's car move out of the parking lot before heading into the company with a furious expression.Who did Hilda think she is. She accompanied Mr. Rex for a night and here she is trying to impress me. If it is a Ferrari she wants before she spends a night with me, I am more than willing to.

How dare her come here and show off. With all this thought in mind, he headed straight to Hilda's office.
###Chapter 32

Nathan had just walked into the hospital's corridor when he heard laughter coming from the old man's ward.

He frowned and hurried his footsteps. To his surprise, when he opened the door to the ward, he saw his mom cracking jokes with a lady who had her back to the door. Taking a closer look at her, his gaze darkened. What is Gloria doing here? Isn't she suppose to be overseas taking care of their family's company?

Walking in Nathan loosened his eyebrows. "Mom.."

Mrs. Leah Clemons smiled. "My dear you are here. Gloria has been waiting for a while now. She was worried about you when she heard about the Patriarch's illness so she rushed here to keep you company."

"Gloria" Nathan nodded his head at her only after hearing his mom.

Gloria then jumped on him and hugged him tightly. "Nate, I miss you so much. How are you doing?"

Nathan frowned and replied calmly whiles pulling her out of his embrace. "I'm doing fine. You shouldn't be here."

Gloria held onto his hand and pouted. "Aren't you happy I'm here? Didn't you miss me? It's been a year since..." Meeting
Nathan's eyes, she swallowed her words and didn't dare complete her sentence.

Nathan released his hand fromn her grip and walked towards his mom and dad. "Dad, you should take mom back home now that am here. Besides, there are specialists taking care of grandpa now so he would open his eyes soon."

Gloria knew Nathan hated her after what happened that year but she didn't expect him to treat her like this after not seeing her for some time.


"You know how stubborn your mom is right? She wouldn't leave till you got here." Mr. Damian Clemon said helplessly.

"I am not stubborn. I just didn't want to leave Gloria here all by her self. We will be leaving now then son. Gloria, I would see you..." With that said, Mrs. Leah then held onto her husbands hand before walking out of the ward together.

As Nathan watched his parent leave, he turned his icy gaze at Gloria who then in term stare back at him pitifully. "Nathan,don't tell me you still hate me after what happened. You know it wasn't my fault either. I never expected that to happen."

Without bothering to reply her, he said coldly. "You should leave. Go back to Y country."

She took quick steps towards Nathan. "Nathan what do you mean by I should leave? I am your fiancé. I should be here
with you in your hardest moment. Grandpa is lying here unconscious. I came to keep you company but all you have to say to me is for me to leave? What happened to our relationship?"

"You of all people should know what really happened to our relationship. You know what really happened that year very well so please.." Nathan said coldly.

With tears in her eyes she hang unto Nathan. "Nate, you know how much I love you. I had no idea something like that was going to happen. Believe him. If I knew I..."

"Enough!" Nathan was already enraged. "I don't want to see you. Go back to Y country." With that said he turned around and walked out of the ward.


Gloria bit her lips and stared at his back. All this while he never changed. I am back this time for good and I would never let him go. You would be mine whether you want it or not.


With determination written all over her face, she wiped the tears on her face, picked up her bag and walked out of the ward.




Stephenson Group.
Hilda, who gave you the Ferrari?" Daniel barged into Hilda's office without knocking and questioned her furiously.

Hilda was shocked by the sudden barge in by Daniel but was rage when she heard his questioning tone. "Who do you think you are to question me when I do something?"

"Hilda, what do you mean by that? Are you that cheap? You accompanied Rex for a night and then all of a sudden you got a Ferrari. Was all those years you were with me pretense to get your hands on my family's fortune?"

Hah so that is what he thinks of me now. That I was after his family fortune all this while. How come I fell for someone as foolish as him. Looking at him now, Hilda regretted ever being his girlfriend.

"Ain't you going to say something?" Daniel roared furiously."If it is a Ferrari you want, just be my woman and I would get you much more than that."

Hilda had the urge to burst into laughter but decided against it.She looked at him amused and said coldly. "This would be the last time I would be telling you this. If it isn't related to work, don't come into my office. Now leave!"


"I am your boss. I can come into your office any time I want and you can't do anything about it. If you can't take it just quit and be sure that with your current reputation no company
would hire you." Daniel threatened.

Oh? So that is why he acts all bossy. Because he thinks I won't get anything to do after leaving here. My husband is Nathan Clemon so why would I even want to work? "Then I quit!"

With that, Hilda started parking up her stuffs to leave.

Daniel panicked as he wasn't expecting Hilda to quit just like that.


Naturally, Hilda knew Daniel was just threatening her to get her to give in to him. As expected from someone as him.However,she wasn't in any mood to argue with him about it.

The reason she was working here was because of him. She joined his family's company because she thought she was going to be with him and get married. Getting married meant running the company together so she just wanted to start from the scratch and get a full grasp of the company.

But now that their relationship has ended, it meant that she wasted four years all for nothing.

But since she has learnt a lot about management, she was sure it was worthwhile. It was time for her to leave and her next step was the Clemon Group to garner more experience. Since he had asked her to quit, she had sort of finally receive her closure.
Although the Clemon Group was her husband's family company and he was the CEO, she wants to apply depending on her own strength to get in there. That was the reason the experience she accumulated here was worthwhile.

And she couldn't bare to see Carmen and Daniel every time she got to work as it was more like a pain in the neck.

'It is better for me to quit and rest for a few days. I have to adjust to my new status as a married woman.' With that thought in mind, Hilda hurriedly printed her resignation later.

Suddenly, Daniel yelled. "Hilda, if you agree to forget about Mr.Rex and the man with the Maybach, I can let you continue your work here."

However, she remained silent and continued packing.

He grabbed her shoulders and shook her her whiles shouting."You need to think straight Hilda. You and I know you are very good at what you do and you won't get any work as good as this. If you just promise me to stay away from all those guys, I would rescind my decision about you quitting.You know I'm the future CEO of this company right? My words hold authority."
###Chapter 33

However, Hilda wasn't in the mood to pay him any attention.She just shook his hands which was on her shoulders. "Please show me some respect."

However Daniel still held onto her and roared. "What do you think you are doing? I asked you to quit and here you are planning to quit. Which means that you ain't going to work and no company would hire you with your current reputation.Have you not thought about the consequences? Don't you want to continue working here? Don't you want to fulfill you dreams of becoming a domineering female CEO? If you promise me that you would break up with both Mr. Rex and the man in the Maybach, I would forget about asking you to quit right now. Hilda,you can't just give up like this!"

Upon seeing her keeping mute and looking lifeless, Daniel became frustrated.


Isn't she always confident and stubborn in herself? Why is she giving in to me all of a sudden?
Sadly, Hilda ignored him. After packing up all her materials and stuff into a box, she carried it and walked out of the office.


At this time, some of her co- workers who heard the commotion when Daniel was shouting were all staring at her.

Under everyone's curious gaze, Hilda walked out of her office
with a box and walked towards the elevator.

However, Daniel caught up to her angrily. "God d*mn it! Say something Hilda. You can't just leave just because I said so! I want you to stay and continue working here."

He couldn't let her leave. He wanted her to stay so he could hate her everyday.

All her former co- workers were staring at them. 'What is happening? They all thought.

Why his Mr. Daniel chasing after Hilda and asking her not leave? Was there something really between them?

All they could think was unless there was something really between them Mr. Daniel won't be this agitated. They all watched as Mr. Daniel chased after Hilda and murmured between themselves.


But no one dared to say what they guessed out loud. As Daniel noticed that the workers had their eyes on them he roared. "Ain't you lot starting work now? What are all of you doing staring? Now get back to work if you don't want to be fired!."


Immediate Daniel said that, no one dared to stay around as they busied themselves with work.

Daniel kept on chasing after Hilda from the fourth floor all the
way to the ground floor acting so much like a spoilt child.

"Hilda Adams, are you listening to me? I am telling you to stay.Can't you hear me? You can't leave without my permission. I want you to stop right now. I said stop! Stop can't you hear me?"


Daniel was starting to panic because he thought that this would make Hilda give in to him. Instead, she seemed alright with leaving. As if she had given up on her own future.

While watching the drama unfold, Williams Stones said."Daniel, you should already give up on her. As you can see she has already made up her mind. This is all because of you. Don't think I don't know what was going on between you two. You cheated on her with her own sister and later she was labelled as the mistress. Look at you. Not only did you cheat on her and left her broken hearted but you even went ahead to ask her to quit. Her whole life is going to be ruined with this whiles the outside world still labels her as a mistress all because of you. It is all your fault!"

Upon hearing Williams, Daniel was completely startled.

He knew it was his fault when he choose to hide the truth about their relationship on that faithful day. And he knew the media made a big fuss about her being the third woman trying to ruin her sister's engagement but he didn't expect all this to be a big ruckus as to be the reason for her to quit.
To him he thought everything was redeemable as the circumstances she quit was just because he threatened her. As long as she surrenders to me. I can make her get back to work.However not only did she refuse to surrender to him but she choose not to even say anything.

At that moment, Daniel was completely dumbfounded as he didn't expect the outcome to be this dire. I'm only marrying Carmen for her shares. If she would listen to me and wait,I would marry her as soon as I get my hands on those shares and divorce Carmen.


Why is she so stubborn that she is quitting her work now?How would I get to see her everyday if she leaves now. She knows how much I love her.


Hilda arrived at the entrance of the company. The wind blew towards her as she breath out some air. Finally, I am out of this group. I always thought about the day when I was going to leave this company this pass few weeks and now that I'm leaving the feeling alone.

To her, it was a joyous day as she begins a new phase in her life. She is now a married woman. Although she knew it was quite impulsive for her to get married, she knew this is the time for her to let go of somethings in the past.

With those thoughts in mind, she walked towards her new sports car with smniles on her face. Just when she was about to
leave, Daniel suddenly rushed out of the company building into the parking lot frantically and grabbed Hilda by her shoulder. His emotions were weirdly agitated so Hilda thought he was about to shout at her but to her surprise, he looked at her and said the most unexpected thing.

"I'm sorry.." He lowered his head in guilt. "I didn't know this would happen but I don't want you to stop working here.I also don't want you to move with Mr. Rex as he is already known for his promicuous lifestyle. Don't worry, if you don't want to work here any more I would find a way to get you into one of my acquaintance's company. You are hardworking so it wouldn't be a problem for you."

Hilda wasn't expecting Daniel to utter those words but sadly, it was all too late. Just as she was about to shake his hand off.he spoke up again. "Hilda, if you could wait for me, I promise I would get a divorce from Carmen after..."

Hilda wasn't expecting him to utter those last words after all what he said but it was expected. No matter how guilty he felt he was, it was the same schemes. He is expecting her to wait for him. "Enough Mr. Daniel! It is already too late."

Daniel then stared into Hilda's eyes as he heard her say it was already too late. Hilda suddenly pushed his hands off her shoulders. "I have to go now!"

With that Hilda entered into her new sports car. As soon as
she entered her car. she stepped on the accelerator and the car sped away.
###Chapter 34

"Wait!"

Daniel was furious as he chased after Hilda's car but he quickly lost her. He kick his feet into the air again and again. On the other hand, Williams feltdefeated. Even though he never told Hilda about his feeling for her, he felt confident as Hilda was still working under the same roof with him.

However, watching her leave at this moment he had an illusion that it would be impossible to ever see her again. She doesn't even know that someone like me exists. He then sighed.

Afterwards, Williams patted Daniel's shoulder. "Alright, she is gone now. Let's get back inside there are people watching."

Daniel was burning with rage as he already knew Williams also had feelings for Hilda. He swatted his hand away and sat on the ground.

"It is useless for you to sit on the ground now.She is gone!You had her but didn't appreciate her. You finally got what you wanted. You left her no choice Daniel..." Williams murmured when he saw how Daniel looked.


Daniel's gaze darkened and he got up from the ground before heading into the company with WNilliams following suite.

In Nathan's residence, Hilda had already gotten home and was
sitting in the hall. She looked at the box with her stuffs in it and sighed. She went up with the box and placed it among the stuffs she brought along in the guest room.

She played with her phone for sometime and then went to master's bedroom to take a nap since there was nothing else she could do and was already getting bored.

Meanwhile on the last floor of the Clemons Group, in Nathan's office,Stanley was reporting to him about what happened with Hilda. "Boss, Madam quit her job at the Stephenson Group earlier today."

Nathan raised an eyebrow. "It was expected. Where is she now?11


"The bodyguard who was following her reported that she went back home and she hasn't been out again."

"Okay." Nathan replied.

"Boss, are we going ahead with the acquirement of the Stephenson group now?" Stanley knew for sure that Nathan wouldn't let the Stephenson Group off.

"Should you ask me about this too? Stanley, it looks like you are lacking back on some few things now." Nathan said calmly.

Hearing his reply, Stanley shuddered. "Of Course not Sir." He knew for sure Nathan wouldn't mind sending him back to
work.

"Just hit them slowly until they are on the verge of bankruptcy and then acquire it at a lower price." Nathan's eyes were cold when he was talking about the Stephenson Group.

"Okay. And about the other documents, I have sent it to your email." Stanley felt like he was sitting on pins and needles. As sweat drenched the back of his shirt when he saw Nathan's cold gaze on him.

"Okay." Nathan then buried himself with work only to look up and notice Stanley was still standing in front of him. "What else?" He asked coldly.

"S- Sir, about Miss Gloria..." Stanley stuttered as he knew it was a taboo on Nathan's part for one to mention Gloria's name.

"I already asked her to go back to country Y. You don't have to worry about her. You can leave now."

With that Stanley walked out of his office.

In a five star hotel located in the city center, Gloria was busy smashing everything she could get her hands on.

"How dare Nathan tell me to leave? Who does he think he is?He should be glad that I took a liking to him. Arghhh"

Clang clang.
With that she threw everything on her dressing mirror onto the ground.


Her bodyguards were standing outside but no one dared to stop her as they knew her temper very well. After sometime the noise of things breaking halted and the room became silent.

Gloria came out in a long bodycon dress. "Get someone to clean the place up. And you come with me." With that said she walked away.

Hilda was already up at this time and was feeling very hungry.She went downstairs to the kitchens to see if she could make something for her self. At this time,her phone rang.

Looking at the Id, she smiled before answering it. "Naima.."

"Don't Naima me!" Came from the other end of the phone.

"Oh babe, I miss you." Hilda replied while laughing.

"I miss you too sweetie. Where are you now? I'm at your apartment but you ain't here and you quit your job too."Naima replied sourly.

"It's a long story. But when did you come?" Hilda asked.

"I just dropped. Where are you? I'm famish. Let's go eat something." Naima then replied.

"Ohk. I'm...I'm... Send me the location let me meet you then.
I am hungry myself." Hilda stuttered as she replied. She didn't know how to tell her friend she was now living with the most sought after bachelor and she is even married to him.

"Sure I would send it to you now. But Hilda...? Is there something you ain't telling me?"

Hilda laughed. "Hahaha. Don't worry. There is nothing.I would see you soon then." With that she hanged up and headed to the bedroom to change herself.

She then went to the garage and started her new sports car.The engine revved as she moved out towards the location Naima had sent to her.


At Pot Belly Restaurant.

Hilda had arrived as she parked her car in the parking lot.Inside this restaurant was all kind of continental and inter-continental dishes. It was a five star restaurant which was known for it delicious delicacies. It wasn't a surprising fact that made most people to fall in love with their dishes.

It is also a dating spot for most rich and influential people to take their love ones out for a get together or talk about business.


Naima was already waiting for Hilda so she was in a little bit of a hurry. She then bumped into someone. She had her hand in her bag trying to take out her phone so she didn't notice
that someone was in front of her.

" Are you blind?" The person yelled.

"Sorry. I'm so sorry." Hilda hurriedly apologized. She didn't notice the lady in front of her earlier and bumped into her.

"You sorry? Hah.. Didn't you see where you were going?"

"I'm really sorry Miss. I didn't mean to..." Hilda apologized profusely.

"You sorry? Look what you did. My bag is already dirtied. Do you know how much it costs? Can you even afford the compensation?" The lady demanded angrily. She was none other than Gloria.


She just finished a business meeting and was heading out when Hilda bumped into her.

"I'm very sorry. I didn't bump into you on purpose. I would dust the dirt off." Hearing her tone, Hilda didn't want to argue much with her.


"Dust? Are you deaf? My bag is already dirtied and it is a custom made bag made with fur. What's the point of dusting?"Gloria snorted.


Hilda then took a step back and raised her head to look Gloria in the face. "I already apologized and wanted to wipe the dust
off the bag but you still think it is not enough. Tell me.what else do you want?"

"What do I want? What else do you think? My bag is already ruined. You have to get me a new one. So of course. you need to pay for it." She said with her nose in the air.

"How much is your bag?" Hilda asked with a sneer as Gloria was being unreasonable.

"Five thousand and fifty five dollars!" She said proudly as if it was a moment of glory to flaunt the price of the bag.

There was a smug look on Gloria's face when she stared at Hilda and noticed the flustered look on her face after Hilda heard her mention the price.
###Chapter 35

Hilda was indeed taken back by the price. 'Five thousand and fifty five dollars!' that was just too much for just a bag. She just quit her job and had already wasted enough money after she came back from overseas.


How is she going to fork out five thousand and fifty five dollars! She stared at Gloria not knowing how to refute. At this time, her phone rang as she received a notification.

She thought it was Naima who was impatient but to her surprise, it was a message from Nathan which stated. "Sorry Pumpkin. I forgot to debit your account. Now it is done. You can use it for anything you may need. I promise to give you a card later tonight. Kisses."

Hilda was amazed as she smiled.

When Gloria saw the smile on her face she became furiously."How dare you smile after ruining my bag?"

Hilda snorted. "What? I can't smile anymore just because your bag is ruined? Tell me your account details let me send the money to you." Although Hilda didn't want to use the money Nathan had sent, that was the only way she could get rid of this witch in front of her.


Gloria really didn't need that money though but she didn't know why she felt great hatred for the woman in front of her.
She felt like she was a timing bomb to her. Her intuition told her this woman would be her nemesis. "Hah XXXXXXXXXXXX"


Hilda then transferred the money to Gloria. Gloria stared at her one last time before she stumped off. Hilda looked at her who was mad at her without any reason and sighed. 'What kind of lady is this? She carries herself like a socialite but her attitude is worse.


She also then walked inside to meet Naima. She hurriedly walked inside.


At this time Naima who was waiting for her suddenly exclaimed. "Thank God! Thank God! She is finally here."

"Hahaha." Hilda laughed at Naima's reaction. She then went over and hugged her. "I miss you so much babes."

"I miss you too Hilda. See how you have grown a little bit fatter. Give me a three sixty turn." Naima giggled.

"Sure babes." After which they sat down.

Perking up at a thought that Naima then only remembered,she asked rather angrily. "What happened with Daniel?"

Hilda cast a scornful glance at Naima after hearing Daniel's name. "Let's not talk about it. I have a rather breath taking surprise for you. Guess."
"You know I'm not good at guessing. Just tell me." Naima said while giggling.

At that time a waiter came for their order so Hilda just smirked without saying anything. After ordering their food and drink, Naima asked her rather impatiently. "Babe, what is it?"


When she heard what Hilda said, her eyes widened like watermelons. "What the hell?"

If Hilda hadn't shown her the picture she had saved on her phone, she wouldn't have believed what Hilda just said.However after that, she was ready to believe that even birds could swim.


What Hilda just told her was that, "I am married to Nathan Clemon but I think it was a little bit of rush".


When she asked which Nathan Clemon, that was when Hilda showed her a photo she took of their wedding certificate.

"Who in their right minds would not want to be with Nathan Clemon?" Naima asked while shocked by the news.


"You don't understand. We didn't get married because of love.It's nothing like that. I don't love him and he doesn't love me either. You know I still have feelings for Daniel. But he is trying his best to make us work."
Naima nearly jumped from her seat after hearing that.Her hands were shaking with excitement. It took her a while for her to calm down and she said. "Hilda are you really that old fashioned? Times have changed! Who cares about love now?Can love keep you alive? Although you don't love each other.Nathan is rich, handsome, powerful and he is even trying his best to make the marriage work. What else do you want? Or you mean your love for Daniel? Let me tell you this... I don't think Daniel ever deserved you. Hurry up and get him out of your heart for Mr. Clemon."

Hilda was speechless after hearing Naima.

"Think it over Hilda. To be honest, I think a man like Nathan is the right one for you. You know, considering your personality,you guys make the perfect couple."

Hilda couldn't stand Naima anymore as she started eating her food.However, Naima didn't stop talking. Hilda then said. "Don't worry. Since Nathan is trying to make this work, I won't hold back."

Instantly, Naima became quiet. She stopped talking.

Hilda shook her head in disappointment but she knew her friend wanted the best for her. Although she didn't love Nathan,she found herself thinking about him mostly and smile at anything related to him.
Although Nathan was known to be ruthless, whenever he is with her she gets to know a way different side of him. Who wouldn't be cold to this outside world? Of course after what happened to her this past few months after she came back from overseas she was sure to relate.

It is a cold world.

After they were done eating. They then decided to go for shopping since it was still early. They headed to a fashion shop with the name Rhema's Coutre. The shop was known for it's famous designs and exquisite styles when it came to clothes.

Hilda and Naima were frolicking inside the shop as they held each other's hand. "Look! Look!" Hilda pointed at a dress she had seen in front of them.


They then walked in front to check out the dress. A sales lady saw how Hilda and Naima were staring at the dress, so she approached them with a friendly smile and said. "Misses, that dress is one of the best sellers! And there is only one left. So if you like it, then I suggest you grab this last one."

"No way!" Hilda uttered in disbelief. "Only one left?"

She checked the price tag again. It costs $150,000. Upon seeing the price, she started having second thoughts. Indeed this is the place for the rich. Just one dress and it costs this much?

The dress was a sleeveless top with a vaguely of a gypsy cut,
all done in syrupy browns and shades of violet flecked with white that seemed to undulate of their own volition. The lower consisted of ruffled tiers of burnt orange satin that ended in a ragged hem just above the ankle, as if the seamstress had suddenly been called away before completing her task. A spidery black lace bodice consummated the ensemble making it elegant.

Standing beside her, Naima noticed the look in Hilda's eyes as she stared at the dress. "Hey, Hilda, why are you hesitating?You ride a car worth billions now and you are married to the richest man in the country. Buying this dress wouldn't hurt you. If you want it, just but it."

Hearing what Naima said, Hilda sighed. "The car isn't mine you know that." No matter how rich Nathan was,it has nothing to with Hilda at all. The car she drives now was all thanks to Nathan. There was nothing she could possibly flaunt as hers.


At the same moment, the people in the shop all turned their heads to stare at the entrance. This struck odd to Hilda. 'What is going on? Why is everyone looking towards the entrance?What are they all looking at?'

Doing the same as the others, Hilda turned her head towards the direction of the entrance where everyone else had their eyes fixed and what she saw startled her.
###Chapter 36

Several people were approaching with a woman in the center who was wearing a tailor made dress which accentuated her statuesque body. Her heels contrasted the gleaming marble floor.

'Oh my..' Hilda gasped. Not her again. The lady that arrived at the shop and had caught everyone's attention in a fraction of a second was none other than Carmen, her sister. No step sister.And standing right beside Carmen was none other than Gloria.the lady she had a fight with earlier in front of the restaurant.

As Carmen was a model, she was well none within the entertainment industry. And Gloria was also quite famous among the socialite diva's as she was the president of the Sanchez Entertainment media.


As if sensing someone's gaze on her, Carmen turned to look at her. Hilda's heart skipped a beat that she turned her head back and stared back at the dress.


She shut her eyes and prayed in desperation. 'God please let her not see me! Please let her not see me."

Only then did something hit Hilda. She opened her eyes as she came to the sudden realization that she didn't need to avoid Carmen.

With confidence written on her face, she turned to Naima. "Hey,
do you think I should get this dress?"

However. Naima's attention wasn't on Hilda. Taking Hilda's arm and shaking it. Naima gritted her teeth and said. "It's that b*tch!" She then turned to Hilda and asked with her eyes sparkling with fury. "Do you think I should mess with her?"

Seeing her friends sparkling eyes with fury. Hilda knew she was up to no good. She then rolled her eyes. "Why the hell would you? Don't stoop too low to her level."

Before Naima could say anything, a girl's voice cut in. "I don't think you should buy it. The real question is, can you afford it sis?"


Hilda and Naima both knew who the voice belonged to without having to turn back their heads. It was none other than Carmen. She had her hair dyed dark brown. Breaking away from Gloria, Carmen approached both Hilda and Naima.

She took the dress with a pompous smile on her face and said to the sales lady. "Pack this dress for me."

After which she turned and eyed Hilda from head to toe completely ignoring Naima with a smile of mockery present on her face.


Seems like she is doing really well from when we last met. But she is clearly no match for me as I got Daniel now'. Thinking about that, she smiled brightly that her smile reached all the
way to her ears.

Noticing the smile on Carmen's face blew up Naima's fuse."Why are you looking at her like that? And who said she couldn't afford it?"


With a pompous expression. Carmen glared at Naima sourly."Oh yeah. I know you. What's your name again? Erm...? You are that girl who always follows Hilda around. But sorry.I wasn't talking to you but to my sister."

"Oh? So I can't express my self now?" Taking a few steps forward, she leaned towards Carmen with a sarcastic smile plastered on her face. "Hey, so you know she is your sister but you went after her boyfriend? Just look at yourself. Do you know what people like you are called? A wh*re!"

Carmen's smile froze. She wasn't expecting Naima to say that.She then looked around to make sure no one heard what Naima said. As she was sure no one had heard, she pouted and took Hilda by the hand mustering the most heart breaking voice she could. "Sis, you still think I took Daniel from you?I didn..."


"Enough..." Hilda cut her off and pulled her hand from Carmen's grip. She knew what Carmen wanted to do.

Gloria who was standing were Carmen had left her took a closer look at Hilda and finally recalled her. Her eyes dilated
when she did. 'That is the lady who ruined my bag from earlier.


Before Carmen could say anything, a louad voice was heard which belonged to Gloria.

"If it isn't the lady from earlier." Gloria exclaimed maneuvering her way towards them. "It sure is you!"

Oh. that's the unreasonable woman from earlier. With face full of grit she thought, 'I can't let Carmen and this unreasonable woman spoil my day.'

Carmen was shock before she asked Gloria. "You know her?"

"Of course. She is thed*mnb*tch I told you about from earlier.
The one who ruined my bag." Gloria glared at Hilda as she replied.

"Miss,who are you calling thed*mnb*tch?" Hilda asked through gritted teeth. How dare that unreasonable woman call me a d*mn b*tch?


Naima was lost but Hilda immediately filled her in about all that happened at the entrance of the restaurant earlier that being the reason why she was a little late.


Hearing what Hilda said, Naima glared angrily at Carmen and pointed at her face with her finger. "This is all your doing I know. What else do you want from Hilda after snatching
Daniel away? Eh?"

"What has that got to do with you? She is my sister and I can mess with her whenever I want to. What about you? Who do you think you are? You are nothing but a lap dog who always follows her around like..."


Naima didn't wait for Carmen to finish her sentence. When she heard Carmen calling her a dog she hurriedly interrupted. "Yes I am. What about you? You are nothing but a cheap wh*re who hooks up against her sister's boyfriend at the slighted chance you get."

As Hilda notice that Naima was fuming with anger.she held her and pulled her away. "Don't waste your breath on her.Let's go."

Naima refused to budge. "I have to teach her a lesson." With that said she moved over to Carmen with speed.

Hilda,Gloria. the sales ladies and the onlookers watching were too astonished to move. The seeming small lady Naima suddenly kicked Carmen so hard on the knee making her loose balance. Carmen fell to the ground that it seemed her head would fly off. Then Naima stood over Carmen who gritted her teeth and spat out. "What do you think you are doing? I'm going to kill you! Get off me!"

When Carmen struggled to get back on her feet, Naima
immediately knocked her down again and then siapped fiei a couple of times. "This is for all you have been doing to Hilda."

"She is going to kill her." Gloria exclaimed when she snapped out to reality as her face turn white from watching Naima slap Carmen. "She is going to kill Carmen."

That was when everyone snapped back to their senses and pulled Naima who was still burning with fury from Carmen.

As Carmen was an international model, she was well known and she also has a massive fan base. Some of her fans who were at the scene started yelling at Naima. Other's also wanted to put up a fight with her but Hilda immediately pulled her into the dressing room.

Naima was still fuming with rage when Hilda pulled her into the dressing room. "How dare that b*tch call me a dog? I just want to beat the hell out of her!"

"It's okay Naima. You already thought her a lesson. I am not sure she would ever mess with you again"

Hearing this, Naima calmed down and turned to Hilda with a smirk and raised her eyebrows. "How was I just now?"

Hilda couldn't help but laugh at Naima's facial expression.Giving her a thumps up she said. "You were awesome."

Being complimented, Naima laughed too. "Don't worry. If she
ever messes with you again, I would beat her blue black that no one would recognize her ever again and she wouldn't dare to mess with you again."

"Hahaha...With what you just did, I am very suare she would never want to mess with me again. Let's get going. It is already late." Hilda checked the time.


"Oh, I almost forgot. You are already Mrs. Clemon so you got to cook for our husband. Hahaha.." Naima joked.


Hilda smiled shyly and helped her straighten her disheveled hair and dress before they walked out of the dressing room.
###Chapter 37

Never had Carmen suffered such mockery as she was treated like a princess in the Adams family and all who knew her treated her with utmost respect. She was seething in anger as she held her swollen cheeks.


She glared furiously at Naima but didn't dare to say anything when she saw Naima and Hilda coming out of the dressing room and walked out of the mall.

"Are you letting her go just like that?" Gloria asked Carmen rather puzzled. "Look at how she hit you but you letting her walk away just like that?"

"I'm not letting her walk away. As you can see I'm no match for her but I would make sure she pays for hitting me."Carmen's gaze darkened as she spoke.

Gloria nodded in response before asking. "And who is that girl with her to you? How do you know her?"

"She is my sister"

"Your sister?" Gloria was puzzled.

"Yes. She is my sister." Carmen didn't want to talk to Gloria about Hilda at that moment so she took out her card and handed it to the sales lady after saying that. "Swipe it"
After paying for the dress, she took it and handed it to Gloria with a smile plastered on her face.. "Miss Gloria. Sorry but we can't continue with the shopping today but I promise to make it up to you some other time."

Gloria nodded. "Okay." Although she wasn't that close to Carmen. Carmen was the model under her company so she can't watch her shop with her face swollen like that."

She then added. "I would be in the country for some time so we can have a hang out whenever."

With that said,they both walked out of the mall.

Hilda drove Naima to her house as they chit chat on the way.
When Naima got down and was about to walk into her house,Hilda called her back and with a serious expression on she said.
"Don't tell anyone about my marriage. It is confidential."

Naima then joke. "I have already sold your secret to a journalist. Be sure to read the news as everyone will come to know by tomorrow morning that you are Mrs. Clemon."

Hilda rolled her eyes at her.

"Hey, Hey wait. Does Sonnia know about it?" Naima hurriedly asked.

"Not yet. But I plan on telling her soon."
"I'm the first to know then hahaha..." Naima laughed and turned to walk into her house. "Bye babes."

With that Hilda drove away.

At Nathan's Residence. Hilda parked her car in the garage as she hummed a song as she walked into the house. Since it was still early, she knew Nathan wouldn't be back till later.


She sang and hummed but immediately she walked into the hall, she saw Nathan sitting on the couch casually as he watched a news on the TV.

On the news. the reporter was reporting about what happened earlier at the fashion shop. "The award winning model under the Sanchez Entertainment Media Miss Carmen Adams was assaulted earlier today by her sister Miss Hilda Adams. This incident allegedly happened in Rhema's Coutre when two young ladies took turns to hurl insults at her and physically abuse her."


"One of the ladies who was alleged to have attacked Miss Carmen is none other than her sister Miss Hilda Adams who had once caused a ruckus at her sister's engagement ceremony earlier this year. Eye witnesses at the scene reported that Miss Carmen was talking to Miss Hilda when Miss Hilda asked her friend who goes by the Naima Moore who happens to be the young lady of the Moore family to attack Carmen after an argument about who could afford dress."
"It ended with Miss Moore attacking Miss Carmen. Miss Carmen is currently at the Adling Hospital seeking medical attention. The culprit so far as not been arrested as Miss carmen doesn't want her sister to be taken into police custody."

The reporter then went on to add. "Her fans think Miss Hilda should be put behind bars and taught a few lessons so the next time she wouldn't attack her sister anymore as she has taken upon herself to cause trouble for her on the regular...."

Hilda froze after she heard the report. A bitter smile appeared on her lips as she stared at Nathan who was looking at her at this time.

He then beckoned Hilda with his hands. "Come here Pumpkin."

Hilda took slow steps towards him as she thought he was going to scold her but to her surprise he didn't even ask anything relating to the news rather he stared at her loving.

"How was your day today?" Nathan asked.

"It was okay but I.. I quit my job and went out with my friend." Hilda stuttered.


Nathan nodded calmly. "Okay. What are we having for dinner tonight?"

Huh? Isn't he going to ask me what happened at the fashion shop today? "I have already had my fill earlier. I am full.1
would just take some cereals what about you?"

"Oh? You ate without bringing some back to me?"

"Erm. I didn't know what you would like so.."

"I like anything you would get me. How about you accompany me out to eat later since you are already full. You can take your cereals then."

Hilda didn't understand Nathan but since he was trying his best to make this work, why don't I just also go with the flow.With that in mind, Hilda replied. "Okay. I would go take my shower now."

Nathan nodded.

Adams Villa..

Carmen was busy smashing anything she could come into contact with. "How dare that girl. Who did she think she is?Just because she licks my sister's shoes she thought she could mess with me. Dream on! Arggh"

Clang.Clang.Clang.

She threw everything on her dressing table onto the floor as she was burning with fury.

When Mrs. Adams heard the sound of things breaking,she hurriedly came into Carmen's room. When she saw how the
room was in a mess with broken glasses on the floor she frowned. "Carmen, what's wrong?"

"Mom, isn't it that b*tch again!" She yelled.

"Who are you talking about? What happened?" Mrs. Adams was confused.

"Mom is it not that b*tch Hilda!"

"What did she do again this time?" Mrs. Adams became furious after hearing Hilda's name.

Carmen then explained everything that happened earlier to her whiles twisting the facts to her favor. "She attacked me just because I asked if she could afford a dress... Look what they did to me? Mom I need to teach that b*tch a lesson."


Mrs. Adams knew her daughter very well. She knew things aren't that easy as she said explained it to be but since Hilda isn't her biological daughter she didn't mind teaching her a lesson. "Don't worry about that. Her image is already ruin.As an international model, you should leave everything to me. Just focus on your image. Don't forget the kind and adorable lady you are."

"But mom I have to do something." Carmen didn't want to let Hilda off that easily after all that isn't who she is.

"Don't worry. I would take care of her. As for the girl from the
Moore family. you know we can't touch her." Mrs. Adams didn't forget to tell Naima that the Moore family isn't a family they could mess with.


She then calmed her down by sweet talking her and b*llsh*tying Hilda. She then hugged her and ordered the maids to clean up the mess in the room. "Let's go and let me get you an ice for your face." Mrs. Adams then brought the calm Carmen out of her room and got an ice for her swollen face.
###Chapter 38

Hilda felt uneasy as Nathan still haven't asked about the incident that happened at the mall. When she came downstairs after her shower Nathan was already busy with work in his study.

She went ahead and knocked on the door.

"Come in." Came a deep and sexy voice.

She hesitated before walking in. "You are still working?" She scratched her head and asked.


"Yes. But let's go." With that Nathan packed his document and got ready to head out but Hilda stood in front of him and blocked his path. "Erm.. about the news from earlier. It wasn't as it was reported..."

Nathan didn't wait for her to finish before interrupting her."I know."


Hilda stared at him. What does he mean by he knows? What does he know? She had no idea that Nathan had a bodyguard following her after the chase the last time so she was surprise."What do you know?"

"I have a bodyguard following you as I didn't want anyone harming you." Nathan calmly replied.
Hilda took it the wrong way. She was angry after hearing what Nathan said. How could he have someone follow her and watch her every move? "That's invasion of privacy? How dare you ask someone to follow me around? I told you that I won't cheat on you so why would you.."

Nathan was puzzled. "I didn't mean it that way." She has totally misunderstood me he thought.

"What do you mean by that? The fact that we are married doesn't give you the right to pry into my privacy." With that Hilda turned around to walk out of the study but Nathan immediately pulled her back into his arms.

"I didn't mean that. I just didn't want anyone harming you when I am not around that's all. You know I'm a business man and I got enemies. I wouldn't want other's harming you in ways of getting to me." Nathan said softly into her ears.

Hilda froze. Nathan was hugging her. She could feel his heart beating in his chest. His warm breathe sent her into a great shock. She knew Nathan was trying his best for their marriage to work but doesn't he think it is a bit too fast?


As Nathan was too close, she felt his breathe on her ears making her rosy cheeks blush red and her heart also started beating really faster. The worse part was that, she had lost the nerve to push him away.
"Finally let me tell you this..." With that said, he pressed his lips on hers sending her into a blissful trance.

Fortunately for Hilda, the kiss didn't last long. Nathan pulled her back and whispered. " I trust you. So Pumpkin, if you would allow me, I'd want to protect you in my own way.I might not be there for you all the time so..."

As soon as he finished speaking, he lowered his head and their foreheads touched again. When their lips were inches apart.Hilda shook her head in shame and hurriedly took a few steps back. She then stuttered. "I.. I..."


Out of the blue. Nathan pulled her back into his arms again. "Pumpkin, for now, I think this is the best option to protect you.He won't be standing very close to you but would maintain some distance. Don't let your mind wander about me not trusting you. I trust you."

By then, Hilda had already been bewitched. She looked up at his gorgeous face and nodded her consent.

His scent was intoxication as she found herself lost in it. The smell of his presence gave her a sense of security and his lip tasted like...heaven!

Satisfied by the spellbound look in her eyes, Nathan smiled.

'No. No. This can't be right.' Hilda suddenly snapped out of her daze and shook her head to clear her mind.
Nathan run his fingers gently through her smooth hair. "Let's make this work between us. I think we are a perfect match made in heaven. I'm willing to fulfill my duties as a husband and make you the happiest woman in the whole world."

Hilda was at a loss for words. Seriously? He is so crafty and smooth tongued. He is even sweet talking me. Who would believe this is the cold and aloof CEO Nathan Clemon? Hilda mused.


She opened her mouth to say something and then closed it again. The words were stuck in her throat. Noticing the sight of her opening and closing her mouth with her rosy lips were too much for a man to resist. Nathan had an urge to kiss her again.

He lowered his head and gave her a second kiss.

'That is it.' Hilda pushed him away. "Why do you keep on kissing me?" The touch of his lips on hers and his scent had sent her into a heady trance. He is trying to seduce me.She thought.

"What's wrong with me kissing my wife?" Nathan looked at her in puzzlement.

"Erm.. erm I think.." He did have a point. I am his wife so of course he can kiss me. But I think this is going a little too fast.Although he is trying his best to make it work, we should let it
flow slowly.

Hilda didn't know how to voice out her concerns so she took a few steps back and bumped into Nathan's desk.

Nathan also took a few steps forward. He abruptly pushed her on the desk behind her and leaned forward.


They found their bodies in an awkward yet erotic posture.Hilda could hardly move. She wriggled and tried to get up from the desk but Nathan didn't budge.

"You think?" Nathan raised an eye brow.

Hilda then shook her head.

"Okay, I'm famished now. Let's get going." Nathan then pinched Hilda waist softly.

"Ouch." Hilda uttered a yelp and blushed in embarrassment."
Did we have to talk like this?" No one had ever cornered her in a position like this. Her face was burning hotter.

Nathan smiled and released her and they walked out of the study.


Nathan drove to a high end restaurant with Hilda keeping him company as he ate. After coming out of the restaurant they didn't walk towards their car as Nathan suggested they take a walk.
They walked in a lane hand in hand both keeping their mouth shut as though not to disturb the eerily silent atmosphere around them.


She was thinking, it is so nice being around him. How I would love if it could last longer. Then she caught a glimpse of a cinema not far away. she thought, it would be nice if we could catch a movie too.


Nathan noticed her eyes sparkle with delight when she saw the cinema and decided to take some time to watch a movie. After all they are a couple so they could do what couples do.

For obvious reasons, she then realized that they were heading towards the cinema.

"Nathan." She called.

"Hmm" Nathan responded and turnedd to look at her.

"Are we headed towards the cinema?"

"Yeah. Or? What do you think about catching a movie? I have some time now."


"Sure." Hilda smiled.

Nathan released his hand, took off his suit jacket and draped it over her casual white jacket. The gesture gave her a lot of confidence standing beside him.
While she seemed to fidget, he picked her up and carried her in his arms and then walked on.

Never had a man treated her this way. He treated her like she was his most precious thing in his life.

"Nathan, put me down I can walk." Hilda tried wriggling out of his arms as she felt shy.

"Stop wriggling yourself out of my arms or I'm going to kiss you." Nathan growled and thought, why does she always reject my kind gestures?
###Chapter 39

Nathan's growl made her lose courage to continue with wriggling out of his arms. He sounded kind of pissed.

That worked. Nathan thought.

When they got to the cinema, he placed her down and looked around. 'No bad'he thought.

He then turned to her. "Pumpkin, what do you want to see?Or is there any new movie out you really want to see?"

Hilda shook her head as she looked around the cinema. "No,not really but look." She pointed at a random movie flyer plastered on the cinema wall before continuing. "Let's try that."

It was a action romance movie with the title. The CEO's Bride which featured Christopher Anderson. As an award winning actor, Christopher had a large fan base and any of the movies he shoots in becomes a hit.

At the moment, The CEO'S Bride was a new movie he featured in which was released on that same day.

Hilda who was a great fan of his immediately pointed out at the movie randomly.

Nathan stared at the cast and was amused. Turns out it is you.He thought.
Agreeing on the movie. Nathan asked. "Are you a fan of him?"He pointed at Christopher who was plastered everywhere in the cinema.

"Of course. Who doesn't like Christopher? I amn a big fan of his.
I loved all his movies. He is really cute whether acting as a college student, a soldier, or the bad guy... I love everything about him." Hilda said enthusiastically.


Nathan's expression turned grim as he listened to Hilda showering compliments on his good friend.

As they were from the restaurant, Hilda was dressed in a light blue off shoulder dress with Nathan's coat draped on her shoulders with a three inch heels.


Nathan was also in a custom made white shirt and grey trousers with his black shoe as they entered the cinema.

As soon as they entered, all eyes turned and stared at them.As Hilda looked petite and walked beside Nathan who looked like a male model, all the ladies in the hall had their eyes glued on him.

Some thought. Oh my God, what a lovely couple.

Whiles others thought, Oh my God, he looks handsome. They all thought. As Hilda saw the stares from the ladies she sighed.As expected from someone as handsome as him.
As they arrived just in time, they had twenty minutes before the movie would begin. So they calmly walked to join the queue to get a ticket.

"You know you are really impressive with your looks. Look at how all the ladies are staring at you."

"I don't care about them looking at me. If it is up to me,I would want only you to stare." Nathan said calmly.


Hilda was at a loss of words after hearing him. She pinched his hand in her palm as her face grew red from blushing.

She never thought that the aloof CEO who always had a cold and indifferent face was also good at sweet talking. "Who would have expected the aloof CEO to be this honey tongued?"

"I am not honey tongued. All I say are facts.."

Hilda was once again at a loss.

When it got to their turn to get the tickets after waiting for a while, Nathan stared at the machine and frown. He didn't know what to do.


Hilda stared at him and shook her head when she saw his hesitant expression. She took her card and entered it in the machine after which the tickets came out then she took it out and pulled Nathan by the hand and walked towards the hall.
Nathan who had never been at to a cinema before was at a loss.

As they were walking in to take their seat, Hilda giggled. "Who would have thought that the almighty CEO didn't know how to operate a ticket machine?"

Nathan's expression turned grim. He knew for sure that he was at a lost at that time. "I barely come to a cinema you know."

Hilda acted like she didn't know. "Oh?" She knew for sure that he was embarrassed but was putting up a front. "The machine was produced by the Clemons Group too." She countered.

Nathan stopped and stared at her.

Hilda's heart started beating real fast. What did I say wrong again this time she thought.

"Popcorn?" Nathan asked changing the subject.

"Yes. yes." She nodded before breathing out in relief.

Nathan then proceeded to get two bags of popcorn. As they were walking into the cinema hall, a manager suddenly hurried over to them.


He bowed at Nathan. "Mr. Clemon, Welcome. Your hall is this way Please." He gestured with his hand for them to follow him.

It turns out that after Hilda chose the movie, Nathan called Stanley and asked him to prepare a whole cinema hall for just
them. As the cinema was also under the Clemons Group.the manager hurriedly cleared one halI for them.

After entering, the manager turned to leave. With a smile plastered on his face he said. "Mr. Clemon, if there is anything you need, just press the bell and I would be quick to attend to you."

With the popcorn in his Nathan didn't spare the manager even a single glance but just nodded at him and followed Hilda who was busy looking for a good seat. After finding a comfortable seat some where in the middle, she sat down and Nathan sat right next to her.

She looked around and didn't see anyone so she turned and faced Nathan. "You ordered this hall for just us?"

"Hmm." Nathan nodded calmly.

Hilda rolled her eyes at him. "Where is the fun when we are watching it alone?" She asked.

"Who said you are watching it alone? I am here. Aren't I?"Hilda was speechless.

Nathan then added sweetly. " It is our first formal date after being married so I wanted us to have fun all by our self. What do you think?"
Hilda blushed. "This things are only done by couples who are dating. We are already married you know."

"Yes we are already married. But I didn't get to do all that with you before our marriage so as of now, we would start ours."

Hilda's face was turning red from blushing but since the hall was dark, Nathan didn't notice it.


When Hilda didn't say anything he held her hand and continued. "Pumpkin, we didn't get to do what couples do before marriage but we will do it now that we are married. It wouldn't be a problem with you right?"

Hilda nodded after listening to his deep sweet melodious voice.

She looked at him as she recalled Daniel. She once asked him for them to go out on a cinema date but Daniel shook his head.He said. "Hilda, the cinema isn't a thing for me. You know that I'm the heir to the Stephenson Group. It would be a shame for me to go to a cinema to watch a movie."

It's such a shame Hlilda thought. The heir to a mere billions couldn't come to the cinema and here is a man whose net worth is more than trillions sitting right here in the cinema with me.

I was a fool to have fallen for such a jerk.
She held his hand back and said. "But you are always busy at work. Won't it get to conflict your work?"

"My work is nothing in comparison to you. You are my wife.Of course I need to be there when ever you need me." Nathan said seriously.

"But..." Hilda wanted to say something but Nathan cut her off.

"The movie is about to start didn't you say you are a fan of his.let's watch."

With that said, they turned to look on the screen.
###Chapter 40

They then turned their attention to the screen. Nathan had the popcorn in his hand while Hilda just sat there admiring the movie. At this time the image of Christopher who was shirtless appeared on the screen.

When Hilda saw his perfect body physique, her jaws dropped open and she thought. 'Oh my God, he looks so hot.'

When Nathan noticed that Hilda was admiring Christopher, his gaze darkened. He then picked some popcorns and placed it in her mouth. Hilda looked at him and turned her eyes back to the screen then chewed on the popcorn.

Nathan's expression was grim. "What's so nice about him that you keep staring?"

"Huh, what do you mean by that? Can't you see how hot he his. Look at his abbs.." Hilda didn't finish her sentence when she felt that the air around them at dropped and it was tense that it felt like it was suffocating her. She turned to look at Nathan and saw that his gaze had darkened as if he wanted to kill someone.

Hilda shuddered at his expression.

Nathan tried his best to keep his cool when he saw Hilda's scared expression. "If you think he is hot, what about me your husband?" After saying that, Nathan opened the first three
buttons of his shirt.

Hilda looked at him with a puzzled expression. 'What is he doing? She thought.' She hurriedly grabbed his hand. "What are you doing?"

"What else do you think? Of courses I'm showing you my body too."

Hilda was at a loss for words. "Why are you showing me your body?"

"Why would you admire someone else's body when I'm right here?" Nathan didn't bother to reply her but he asked a question rather.

His he jealous? As soon as Hilda thought about him being jealous, she shook her head to clear that thought as it was impossible to her. "B- But it is just me admiring the movie and not him." Hilda explained.

"Oh?"

"Yeah." Her gaze then landed on Nathan's chest. When she saw his robust chest, Hilda was in awe.

Nathan smiled when he noticed the look on Hilda's face when she looked at his chest. 'I knew she won't be able to resist me.'He thought.
He then moved closer to her and leaned on her. With a sexy but deep voice he asked sweetly. "Like what you see?"

Hilda who was intoxicated by his scent. Nodded absentmindedly. As their eyes made contact and their face was in close proximity, Nathan had the urge to kiss her rosy lips.

When the eye contact got rather intense Nathan couldn't control himself anymore. He run his hand in Hilda's smooth hair and whispered in her ears. "Pumpkin.."

Hilda stared at him. "Hmm."

"Can I kiss you?" Nathan asked in a hoarse voice.

Hilda blushed and lowered her head. Nathan held her by the chin and made her look at him. "Pumpkin.."

Hilda looked at him with a loving gaze with butterflies in her stomach and panic almost sets in as she was flooded with emotions. 'Is it love, Is it lust, or maybe both?' She thought as she stared at Nathan.


Nathan moved his face closer almost close enough for their faces to touch, slowly Hilda tilted her head a little to the side and slowly closed her eyes. She parted her lips as she awaited the kiss.


Nathan then kissed her. He kissed her so immensely that Hilda couldn't even breath. He stopped after somne time and briefly
swipe his lips across hers from corner to corner, diagonally.

He proceeded to kiss her neck. He move his head to kiss her neck... making a trail of quick pecks up to her jawbone.

The kisses trailed from her lips to her ear then down the side of her neck. Hilda felt weak in her seat as Nathan made a trail of kisses down over and under her chin to her neck.


As Nathan kissed under her chin, Hilda could do nothing but to tilt her head back to allow easier access to her neck. Nathan was on fire as he couldn't bring himself to control himself.

It was suppose to be a movie date but now they were making out passionately in the cinema hall. Hilda had her hand in Nathan's hair. She had wanted to know how it felt like the night she made out with Nathan but because she was under the influence of the drug at thattime she didn't really know how it felt.


Now that they were making out passionately, the feeling to her was ecstatic. She didn't even want to continue with the movie anymore. As they were so immersed with the kiss, Nathan suddenly halted the kiss. In a hoarse voice he called out..."Pumpkin.."

Hilda looked at him confused. To her, she was having a great time but she didn't know that it was torture for Nathan.Nathan then continued. "The movie is done. We should get
going."

That was when Hilda noticed that the lights were back on. She let go of Nathan and tidied her disheveled dress. "Hmm."

Nathan buttoned his shirt that was almost opened by Hilda and left just two unbuttoned. He held Hilda's hand and they walked out of the cinema.


Hilda's face was red as they walked out of the cinema. Her lips were kind of swollen from the intense kiss earlier. She lowered her head as they walked in silence all the way to Nathan's car.It was already late at that time when they came out of the cinema.

Nathan opened the front seat door for Hilda before getting in the driver's seat and started the car engine. The car revved and speed off. Silence still ensured as he drove all the way home.

Normally, it would take about forty five minutes to get to his residence from the restaurant but today it took him less than twenty minutes as he speed all the way home.

Hilda watched as Nathan drove the car with speed but steadily.When they arrived, Nathan hurriedly alighted from the drivers seat and went to open the front seat for HIilda.

After Hilda got down, Nathan cornered her in the garage and continued with the kiss from earlier. He had managed to control himself all the way from the cinema to home but now,
he couldn't bring himself to think properly. He just wanted to make out with Hilda.


Hilda was lost by the sudden kisses of Nathan but soon got herself together and returned the kisses. They were kissing so passionately that the next thing Hilda knew was Nathan picked her from the ground and carried her into the house.

Still in his arms, Nathan kissed her whiles Hilda had her arms busy opening Nathan's shirt. She wanted to feel his body.Every inch of his athletic built had Hilda melting in his arms.

On the third floor, Nathan kicked the bedroom door opened and placed Hilda on the bed. He then leaned over her. In a hoarse voice he called out to her. "Pumpkin.." His gaze locked onto hers as if he was waiting for her to give her consent.

Hilda threw her hands on Nathan's neck and kissed him. As if he had received his consent, he held unto her dress and torn it apart with just a single pull. That was how heated he was.From the night he made out with her, he hadn't been able to control himself when ever he was around her.


After more than two hours, They lay lazily on the bed as Hilda held onto him. With their limps pressed together and chest heaving, Nathan murmur. "Let's go shower."

Hilda shook her head."I'm too weak. Can't get out of bed."

"Let me help you then." Nathan got up and picked Hilda from
the bed then he brought her into the bathroom.

He helped her take her shower as Hilda was dozing off. By the time he was done. Hilda was already asleep in the bath.

He took her out, cleaned her body and tugged her in bed. Not forgetting to kiss her a good night before walking into the bathroom to take a shower himself. By the time he was done and tucked himself in bed, it was already three am in the morning.

He shut his eyes and held Hilda in his arms before he fell asleep.
###Chapter 41

Early the next morning at the hospital. Gloria, Mr. and Mrs.Clemons and other family members of the Clemon family were at the hospital after they received the news that the Patriarch was awake.


Currently they were all waiting outside the ward as the doctor's checked up on him. Gloria looked around and didn't notice Nathan so she turned to Mrs. Clemon and asked. "Aunt,why is Nathan not her yet?" It has been more than an hour since Mrs. Clemon called Nathan and the latter said he would be here. But till now he wasn't here yet.

Mrs. Clemon smiled at Gloria and said. "Maybe he is caught up with something. Don't worry he would be here soon."

"Okay Aunt." Gloria said sweetly.

At the same time footsteps was heard as someone was walking towards the corridor. Mrs. Clemon turned and noticed her son.
"Here he is." She pointed behind Gloria.

Gloria turned only to see Nathan who was in high spirit walk towards them. She frowned. What happened to Nathan today that he looks all happy.

Nathan who barely made his expression none today smiled when he looked at his mom. "Mom, how are you feeling and what about grandpa?"
Mrs. Clemon was also shocked by Nathan's attitude today but thinking about it, to her, it was because the Patriarch was awake so she didn't think too much into it. "I'm good son. The doctors are doing some check up on him so we are still waiting.



With that said he turned and looked at Gloria with an icy gaze.

Gloria shuddered at his gaze. She knew why he was looking at her like that but she told her self not to be scared. She also stared back at him with the thought in mind. 'I would not go back to Y country anytime soon. Dream on if you think this would make me leave.'

As Mr. Clemon felt the tension around them he coughed lightly and pulled Nathan to one side and asked about the company."How are things in the company?"

"Everything is going smoothly dad, youa don't have to worry."Nathan replied calmly.

"You know that now that your grandfather isn't well, your uncle would be creating a fuss in the company to be part of the board of directors. You got to be careful." Mr. Clemon warned Nathan.


"You don't have to worry about that dad. I got everything under control."

"If you say so then okay. How about you and Gloria? How are
things between you two?" Mr. Clemon asked.

Nathan's gaze darkened when he heard Gloria's name. "Dad.there is nothing between Gloria and I. We are just friends now."Nathan tried to sound calmly but Mr. Nathan noticed it when his gaze darkened.

"Son,you know you and Gloria would have been married by now if not for what happened..."

Nathan didn't wait for his dad to finish before cutting him off."If not for what happened, yes we would have been married.But now that it happened, there is nothing that could get us married again."

Mr. Clemon sighed. "Son, you shouldn't be..."

"Dad, we should talk about something else." As soon as Nathan finish speaking, the doctor came out of the Patriarch's ward. They Clemon family members all hurried to him.

"How is he?" Mr. Clemon asked.

"For now he is up but doesn't have enough time left. He needs to undergo induction."

"And what's that doctor?" Mr. Clemon asked.

"Induction is a stage of treatment which would be carried out in the hospital by a specialized doctor." The doctor then went
on. "This is because he would probably need to have regular blood transfusions as it's likely that his blood does not contain enough healthy blood cells."

"He would also be vulnerable to infection, so it is very important that he is in a sterile environment where his health can be carefully monitored and any infection that he might have can be promptly treated."

"For now, I have prescribed some antibiotics to help prevent further infection till the specialized doctor appears. HIe would be able to dive deep into his illness with you when he comes."

"So you mean there is no hope even with treatment?" One of the members of the Clemon Family asked.

The doctor shook his head. "He may live just for a couple of month with the treatment but without the treatment, I'm afraid.



They all understood what the doctor said. There was no hope even with the treatment he had just a few months to live.

"Can we see him now?" Nathan asked.

"Yes you may go in now." The doctor replied and walked away.

Mr. and Mrs. Clemons entered with Nathan and Gloria following suite. Nathan uncle, Mr. Richard Clemon also joined
and entered the ward with his son Joey Clemon.

When they entered, the old man was looking out of the window as he lay pale on the bed. He looked underweight and a little older as thought he had aged over night. His skin looked sagged and his bones were protruding, offering knobbiness and sharp angles that made him appear frail and weak. His hair was thin and lackluster, and his eyes had a pinpoint look to them, which looked glass bright and dull. His completion was pale and waxy, with almost a greasy look to it.

Nathan went over to him with a sad glint in his eyes."Grandpa.."

"Hmm" He turned and stared at Nathan. He smiled and called out. "My grandson."

"Grandpa, how are you feeling?" Nathan asked.

"I'm okay my dear grandson. What could possibly be wrong with me?"

"Grandpa I'm sorry." Nathan said with a breaking voice.

"What do you mean by that? I'm already old so it was expected."

"No grandpa. I didn't take very good care of you." As Nathan was talking to his grandpa, Mr. Richard also signaled for his son to also join the conversation. Getting the signal, he walked
over to the Patriarch's bed. "Grandpa, I am also an unfilial grandson. I also didn't take very good care of you."

The Patriarch shook his head. "It's okay. You should all stop looking at me like I would die soon. I am going to live."

Mr.Damian Clemon sighed.

Gloria then decided to make her presence known. She went over to his bed and said. "Grandpa, I know you would get through this. My grandfather sends his regards. He said you should get better soon so you two play chess again sometime soon."


The Patriarch smiled after hearing that. "Tell him I definitely would." He then looked at Gloria and then Nathan and sighed.

He turned to Gloria and asked. "When are you going back to Y country my dear?"

Gloria was shocked by the sudden question by the Patriarch.She thought, why is he asking when I would be going back?Does he also want me to leave this country too? No it can't be.He promised my grandpa I would get married to Nathan."Not anytime soon grandpa. I would wait till you are better before leaving. And I also have a business to settle here before leaving.11


"Okay my dear."
After chatting with each one of them, he asked them to excuse him as he wanted to take a nap asking only Nathan to stay.

Nathan already had a fair idea about why his grandpa wanted him to stay.


After everyone excited the room, he turned to Nathan. "Nate,how are things between you and Gloria now?"


Nathan's gaze darkened as he already had a fair idea about what his grandpa wanted. His grandpa always thought Gloria is the best woman to be his wife. But after what Nathan saw that time, he was sure to believe it was a facade that Gloria was putting on. Thinking about that year he sighed and looked at his grandpa.
###Chapter 42

"Grandpa, there is nothing between Gloria and I" He replied calmly although he was burning with fury at the fact that every one wanted him to get married to Gloria.

"You know that you are my favorite grandson and I won't do anything to harm you. Gloria is the best match for you. As you know I already promised her grandfather that you guys would be married before all those things happened." The Patriarch sighed as he said all these.

He then continued. "As you already know, she is a good girl and she also hails from a family with equal standing as ours.Marrying her,you would be able to take the Clemons Group to another level with no one being a threat."

"Grandpa, I have heard all what you said, but Gloria and I ain't meant to be. What happened that year is enough for you to know that we ain't meant to be. And if it is the Clemons Group you are worried about, then feel free and relax.Everything is under my control." Nathan replied in a monotone.

"Nate, you know I don't have much time to live and your uncle still has his eyes on the Clemon Group so the only thing I can do to help you is get you a wife with the same status and power as you..."

Nathan interrupted him. "Grandpa, I still have something to do
at the office so I would be leaving now but would be sure to pass by later."

"Where do you think you are going? I founded the company all by myself so I know everything that goes on there. What's so important than your marriage? You know you are not young anymore or you already have someone you like?" The Patriarch had his eyes on Nathan all this while when he spoke.

When he asked whether Nathan had someone he liked a light glint of panic flashed across his eyes but it went as soon as it came and his cold expression was back on. The Patriarch noticed the change of his expression so he asked him again."You already have someone you like?"

"No grandpa." Nathan lied. He knew for sure that his grandpa would research into Hilda's background and tell him they ain't meant to be. After all their family's were miles apart when it came to power and status.

"Stop being stubborn then. I there is no one then you need to get engaged to Gloria assoon as possible. You would need her power to get your uncle from being a threat."

Knowing very well what his grandpa was thinking about,Nathan sighed and said. "okay. I would think about it. Don't worry"

"You will think about what? I have already told you all this
and you said you would think about it? What is there to think about again?" The grandpa was getting furious.

As Nathan knew it would be bad for his health if he got furious he gave in. "Okay. But I won't marry her yet. I have a lot of things on me now." Nathan sighed as he replied.Although he accepted, he was just buying himself some time to make him deal with Gloria in his own way so that she would not even think about being with him.

"Okay. You can go now I need to take a nap." The Patriarch then asked him out of his ward.

With that Nathan got up and left his ward.

"What did your grandpa say to you?" Mr. Richard was the first to ask when he saw Nathan coming out of the ward.

"Nothing really. Just work. Why are you asking?" Nathan raised an eyebrow and stared at him.

"Oh nothing. Since he isn't that well I thought he told you something else" He shook his head but Nathan knew what he was hinting at.

"Mom, Dad, I would be leaving now. I suggest you also leave now and come back later as grandpa wants to take a nap."

"Okay son. We would be sure to leave and come later." Mrs.Clemon replied. With that Nathan turned and walked away
without saying anything as a good bye to Gloria.

Gloria turned to look at his back, her face filled with anger.How dare he leave without saying goodbye. Hmph. Wait till I become your wife she thought.

She then turned her head and looked at Mrs. Clemon pitifully.Mrs. Clemon sighed and walked up to her. "Dear, don't worry.Nathan haven't been himself this pass few weeks as he has a lot to deal with at work before his grandpa's sickness. I am sure he would come back to his senses soon." She tried to comfort Gloria.


Gloria nodded her head and held onto her hand. "Okay aunt."She also knew that Mrs. Clemons was just comforting her but it didn't matter to her because she knew Mrs. Clemons would prefer her as her daughter in law.

Meanwhile in Nathan's residence, after the wild session last night, Hilda was now waking up. She was exhausted. She felt sore all over her body when she tried getting out of bed. As such she recalled the wild session she had with Nathan the night before and then she closed her eyes and covered her face with her hands. "Arghh what did I just do?"

She was blushing red as she thought about it. But after much thinking she came to the conclusion that Nathan was her husband so it was bound to happen. She looked around but there was no sign of Nathan then she checked the time and
noticed that it was already late.

She then got out of bed and went to freshen up.. By the time she was done and came downstairs her stomach was grumbling. She was famished as it was pass lunch time.

She hurried into the kitchen to see if she could get something to eat but to her surprise the was nothing. No vegetable or foodstuffs for her to make anything out of it.

She cursed at Nathan. "After all the wild session last night, he left without leaving any food for me."

As she was busy cursing Nathan and thinking about going out to have a meal, there was a knock on the door.

She froze. Nathan was at work at this time so who could possibly be at the door. She was at a loss for what to do. As the knocking went on, her gaze moved between going to hide in the bedroom or opening the door.

Since she couldn't possible let others know she was leaving with Nathan, she hurriedly but silently walked to the bedroom to get her phone.

Once she had her phone,she decided to called Nathan.

In the conference room of the Clemon Group, Nathan was in the middle of a meeting with the other executives when a phone was heard ringing.
The executives at the meeting all froze. They all thought who had dared to leave his or her phone on when they were in a meeting.

It was against the rules for one to leave their phone on as Nathan hated to be interrupted when he was in the middle of something.

They all thought. The person who had her phone on was done for as Nathan's gaze had already darkened. But to their surprise, Nathan took out his phone from his pocket calmly before swiping to answer.

As soon as he answered, he heard Hilda's panicked voice coming from the other side of the line. "Nathan, are you expecting someone at home today?"

Nathan was shocked by her sudden question and frowned before he asked. "Why what's wrong?"

Hilda then told him about someone knocking on the door. "There is someone knocking on the door and as you1 know,it would be inconvenient for us if someone gets to know I am living with you so..."

Nathan's lips rose in a thin line as he listened to Hilda. "You don't have to worry about that. Just go ahead and open the door. Don't keep the person waiting."

The executives in the conference room at the time in the
conference room all had their mouth wide opened when they saw the smile on Nathan's face.


They all had the same thought as who could be so important to their boss to make him smile after answering their call.

After Nathan was done with the call, he put up his cold expression back on and in a cold voice he said. "Are you going to continue with the report or not?"

"Yes, yes...." The executive giving the report answered timidly before continuing with the report.
###Chapter 43

At Nathan's residence, the knocking on the door still went on.

After Nathan told Hilda to open the door, she came downstairs to open it.

After opening the door, she saw a man standing there with a package in his hand. Looking at the packaging of the package in his hand. Hilda knew it was food.


She smiled and said. "Sorry for keeping you waiting. I wasin the bathroom just now."

"You don't have to apologize." Samuel smiled slyly at her."
Mrs. Clemon, your husband asked me to get this for you."

Hilda took the package and apologize again. "Sorry for my manner's Mr. Erm.. Sir. Please come in."

Samuel laughed and walked him. " I told you not to apologize.Anyways I'm Samuel Fleming. I bet you have heard of me."

As Hilda heard him mention his name, she gasped. He his Mr.Fleming. The young master of the Fleming family. He is part of the big four and Nathan's friend. But why is he the one bringing me food?

As she didn't say anything, Samuel turned and looked at her who was staring at him and joked. "Nathan asked me to
deliver the food. I wouldn't take up much of your time as I can see you are really exhausted. I would leave now." Saying this he signaled Hilda with his eyes by looking at her neck which had hickeys all over.

Hilda didn't understand at first but after following his gaze,she blushed and lowered her gaze. "Mr. Fleming, erm thank you." She said as she watched him walk out of the door.

After shutting the door, she called Nathan again. Completely oblivious to the fact that he was in a meeting. "Nathan, why did you have to ask Mr. Fleming to send me food? You know I could have gone out by myself. And why didn't you tell me earlier when I called."


Nathan who was in the meeting raised his hand and gestured Stanley to take his place before walking out of the conference room. "Why? You don't like it?"

"No, I like the food but Mr. Fleming is a busy man you know?"

"Hah, so you are worried about him? Let's forget about that.Have you hadI the food?"

"Not yet."

"Okay. You should hurry and dig in before it gets cold."

"Sure." Hilda replied.
After replying, she didn't know what to say again and neither did Nathan. They were silent for a while before Nathan asked again. "So what's your next move?"

"Huh? My next move?" Hilda was confused.

"Yes. Your next move. What are you planning to do now that you quit your job at the Stephenson Group?" Nathan asked calmly as he sat in his office and tapped his fingers rhythmically on his desk.

Hilda shook her head and then recalled that Nathan wasn't in front of her so she sighed and said. "Nothing. I plan to rest for a while before applying for another work?"

"Oh, ohk. Have you thought about joining the Clemon Group?"Nathan asked.


"Yes I did think about joining your company but I wouldn't want to use the back door. I want to rely on my own strength."

Nathan frowned as he thouaght. What's wrong with using the back door? The company is in my control. But he didn't want to make Hilda feel bad. "Okay. So what are you going to do today?"

Hilda planned on going to the Adams family to ask her dad about her biological family but since Nathan had no idea about her not being the daughter of the Adams family, she didn't know I to tell him. "Erm, I plan to pass by the Adams family."
She said timidly.

Although Nathan wasn't standing in front of her, he could tell from her voice that she didn't want him to know what she has in mind so he also didn't push further. "Okay. Take care out there.I will see you later."

"Okay.." With that Hilda hanged up and sighed as she thought about her real family.

She took the food into the dinning hall. Looking at the dishes in front of her. Hilda didn't know what to taste first. There was spam fried rice, BBQ chicken salad, Mac and cheese and sunny side up eggs.

She drooled at the sight of the food. Without wasting no time.she started digging in.

She chewed happily on the food as it tasted great. She ate almost everything as she was really starving. After about an hour, she was done so she decided to head for the Adams residence.


Hilda arrived at the Adams residence a few minutes earlier than the usual time because of the speed of the sports car and since it wasn't a rush hour there wasn't any traffic.

She raised her head and looked up at the compound where she grew up in. She took a deep breath and rang the bell.
The door was quickly opened anad when she was about to walk in, she was splashed by a basin of cold water, which was not only cold but exuded an unpleasant smell. Hilda was stunned.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see you." Mrs. Adams covered her mouth and apologized hypocritically. She then leaned closer to Hilda and whispered in a voice only the two of them could hear. "However,you deserve it. You are really disgusting."

After that she walked back into the house with an arrogant smile.


Hilda clenched her fist and told herself to calm down. She wasn't here to cause trouble but to find out about where her biological parents were and who they are.

Holding back her anger, Hilda took out an handkerchief from her bag and wipe away the water droplets on her head and face and then walked into the house.

When she entered, she saw her dad sitting in the living room with a newspaper in his hand. When he saw how drenched she was like a mouse drowned in water, he looked at her with a bored expression. "Hilda, could you have been a little decent?Look, the floor has been stained by you."

She was wet all over and the weather was a little cold. She felt so cold that she almost shivered. But hearing her dad say this,she felt colder.
He was just in the living room and witnessed what had just happened but he turned to rather rebuke her. Was this the man she had called dad for her lifetime? The man she loved so dearly?

Hilda just smiled reluctantly and sat opposite Mr. Adams not caring about the dirt on her body or ruining the luxurious sofa.

Since he values his things more than her, she might as well stain it since he loved it more dearly. Otherwise,how could she express her gratitude for Mrs. Adams hospitality of welcoming her with a basin of cold and dirty water?

"Since you are able to notice the stained floor, you should have been able to tell your wife's blindness. I guess there is something wrong with her eyes. Otherwise,how could she feign ignorance of me standing at the door? The earlier, the better."


Mrs. Adams smile froze. She wasn't expecting Hilda to be this shameless. She drenched her with the cold dirty water because of what she and her friend Naima did to Carmen at the Fashion shop the last time but this was not even her revenge.

"Lewis, I really didn't see her standing behind the door. If she would want, let me get her a new set of clean clothes from Carmen's ward robe." Mrs. Adams said pitifully like she had been misunderstood.
Hilda sneered and refused without hesitation. "Stop pretending to be kind. You would never treat me kindly." Who could know if Mrs. Adams would hide a needle in the dress. She was certain Mrs. Adams wouldn't mind doing such a dirty deed.
###Chapter 44

Mr. Lewis was irritated at how Hilda spoke to Mrs. Adams.After all she was her mom. "Shut up! She is your elder. How can you talk to her like that? Apologize to her immediately."

"I don't have an elder who would slander their guest. I won't apologize. I didn't say anything wrong." Hilda looked at Mr.Lewis's angry face indifferently and spat out word by word indifferently.

"Forget about it. Okay, so why are you here today? You didn't go to work today?" Mr. Lewis asked as he knew Hilda should have been at work at this time.


Hilda smiled faintly as she looked at Mr. Lewis. He hadn't changed at all. Every time he had an argument with someone and got stuck, he would immediately change the topic and it hadn't changed at all after some years. He is still the same person.

"I quit my work at the Stephenson Group. Now I'm jobless.I was thinking since I'm of age I could get my shares of the Adams Group."

"Get your shares?" Mr. Lewis nearly burst out laughing after hearing Hilda's request with a tone which seems to be unreasonable.

"Hilda, I've already told you that you are not a true
descendant of the Adams family. So why should you own a share of the Adams Group? So how could you be so shameless and ask for a share?" Mr. Lewis asked coldly.

Hilda looked at him and replied with the same cold tone."Then why don't you tell me tell me who my real parents are?"

"Your real parent? Hah. if that is why you are here then you can go back because I don't know who they are. They abandoned you because you are a vixen." Mr. Lewis didn't bother looking at her and said cruelly.

"How dare.." Hilda didn't finish her statement as she thought maybe it might be true after all. My parents didn't want me.Tears where evident in her eyes as she felt her heart bleeding at his words. With an anxious voice she said rather coldly trying to keep her cool. "You told me you would tell me who my real parents are if I spend the night with Mr. Rex. And yes I did but you are now going back on your words. Are you not scared that I would asked Mr. Rex to still go ahead and sought out his revenge with the Adams family?"

As soon as Hilda's voice fell, she felt a sharp pain on her scalp.Mr.Lewis rushed over to her side with a ferocious look on his face and slapped her on her left cheek.

Mr. Lewis used all his strength to slap her which even made Hilda hear a buzzing sound in her head so much that she couldn't even think straight.
"You unfilial daughter! I shouldn't have taken you in at that time. I should have left you out there so you died from the cold! You even want to take revenge on the Adams family after having gotten close to Mr. Rex. Have you forgotten who took you in? Tell me! Have you forgotten your surname?" Mr.Lewis yelled furiously.

"I don't care what you think. If possible, I would rather have ended up dying than having a disgusting father like you. What does the Adams family have to do with me? I can't wait to see it breaking up!" Hilda was still feeling dizzy after the slapped but coughed and yelled out at her so-called dad.

Looking at Mr. Lewis's furious look in front of her,whose look was no longer that gentle, Hilda thought he looked just like a mad man and a devil.

Mr. Lewis was extremely angry. He picked up a remote from the table in front of him and was about to throw it at Hilda.


Normally,Hilda wouldn't have spoken to him like this. So him hearing her talking to him like this all of a sudden had his blood boiling. He couldn't keep his calm.

Hilda now had something to do with Mr. Rex so everything turned different. With Mr. Rex's power, it wouldn't take her much efforts if she wanted to destroy the Adams family.Therefore thinking about her words now, he didn't want to give her any chance to destroy the Adams family.
"Calm down. You shouldn't joke around like that. You would hurt her if it hits her." Mrs. Adams was shocked. She quickly held the remote control and pulled Mr. Lewis back. She immediately called for the servants to lock Hilda up in the storage room. "Butler, come on over and lock Hilda up in the storage room and calm her down."

As the butler wasn't around at that time and had accompanied the Matriarch out. Hilda was dragged into the storage room by the maids and couldn't resist. With a bang, she was thrown on the hard floor and the door was immediately locked from outside.


Mrs. Adams who seemed to have saved Hilda from Mr. Adams anger was jubilating deep inside of her. All she wanted was for Mr. Adams and Hilda to fall out and that was exactly what was happening.

Hilda got used to the cold hard floor for a while before she recovered. She coughed and touched her swollen cheek. A dull pain immediately hit her and she couldn't help but pull the corner of her mouth, but the smell made her frown uncomfortable.


They were really ruthless. If Mrs. Adams hadn't stopped him just now, he would have hit her with the remote control and who knew what would have happened.
Nathan left his office quiet earlier than usual as he decided to pass by the hospital before going home to kiss his wife company.

At the hospital, he spent some time with his grandfather before bidding fare well to go home with the excuse that he had a business meeting so he was going to get change.

He sat in the backseat of his Maybach as he was driven home.When he got out of the Maybach, he noticed that Hilda's sports car wasn't in the garage. He walked inside as he recalled her telling him during lunch time that she would pass by the Adams family.

Nathan waited for two hours and still there was no sign of Hilda. He picked up his phone to check if she left him any message but there was none. He then went ahead and called her but she didn't pick up his call too.

He waited for another thirty minutes but Hilda still didn't call him back. 'Was she busy? But what would she still be doing at the Adams family at this time?

Nathan couldn't calm himself down. He knew Hilda had a little fall out with Carmen just two days before at the fashion shop so there was no way she would be treated with hospitality in the Adams family even thought she was also part of the Adams family. 'Or she went somewhere else after passing by the Adams family?
Thinking about this, he fished out his phone from his pockets and called the bodyguard who was following Hilda. "Where are you?"

The bodyguard who was sitting in his car out side the Adams residence was stunned to have received Nathan's call and the sudden question made him walk out of his car and stood out looking towards the Adams residence before he answered "Boss,we are still at the Adams Residence." He didn't know why Nathan called and asked him when he could just call her directly unless.. he didn't want to think that maybe Hilda already left or was attacked under his watch.

Nathan breathed out after hearing his reply but then again he felt some thing wasn't right but couldn't quiet pin point what that was. "Okay." With that he hanged up the phone.

He went into the bedroom and got changed immediately after hanging up before walking out hurriedly.

His bodyguard had wanted to drive him but he rejected him and took the keys speeding away. In the car, he kept calling Hilda's number but still there was no answer. Nathan didn't know why Hildda wasn't answering his calls but he knew for sure that something wasn't right.

He then panicked as wild thoughts were just going through his mind.
###Chapter 45

Hilda who was still in the storage room after a long while started to feel cold.


It was winter. Stayingin there without a heater, Hilda could feel the chill seeping into her body and spreading through out her limps and bones slowly.

Hilda then moved her stiff fingers and touched her cold joints that were starting to ache from the cold. The first time she was frozen like this in the Adams residence, she had rheumatism after Mrs. Adams poured cold water in her bed and allowed her to sleep on it till the next day. And now...

Thinking that she might die if she was cold any longer, Hilda's body trembled. She stood up and started pattering the door along side shouting for help but no one responded.

Hilda shouted for a long time until her throat got burned but no one payed attention to her nor responded to her.

Feeling so chilled, Hilda spoke in a trembling voice. She had lunch before coming over but with all the screaming and patting on the door had drained up all her energy. She felt bad at this instant.


Wave after wave of dizziness hit her but Hilda knew it would be bad if she closed her eyes. She desperately pinched her thighs to keep her self awake.
'Am I going to die here?' She thought.

With unwillingness and anger in her heart, Hilda felt helpless.

There was a moment when she had though of calling Nathan but she remembered her phone was in her bag which was currently in the living room.

How could she call him when her phone was in her bag in the living room. Hilda felt uneasy. As she was thinking about it,she suddenly heard strange sounds coming from outside.




Nathan who was now standing in front of the Adams residence took out his phone and called Hilda but yet again,his call was not answered. His gaze darkened as he looked at the Adams Residence.


He then proceeded to ask the bodyguard what happened since they came. "Has she been out after going in?"

"No sir. But I heard them quarrelling a few hours ago." He replied truthfully.

Nathan's face got even more gloomny after hearing this. He took out a cigarette from his pocket but didn't light it. He twirled it between his fingers for some time before putting it back in the package then proceeded to walk towards the Adams residence.
He rang the bell. After a while the door was opened by Carmen.She who was an award winning model both National and international was stunned when she saw Nathan standing behind their door. She looked at him in awe forgetting to ask him in.


"Who is it?" Mrs. Adams asked behind Carmen before she snapped out of her daze.

"Come in Mr. Nathan." She asked Nathan in politely before pulling her mom to one side and whispered to her. "Mom,it is Mr. Nathan Clemon. The richest bachelor in Taadi city no I mean the whole country."

Knowing who he was, the Adams family felt flattered and hurriedly invited him in. They all thought. why his the richest man here in our humble abode unless he had his eyes on someone. Thinking about this, Carmen blushed as she was the only single female in the house at that moment.

Nathan wasn't interested in anything else. He just voiced out as soon as she entered. "No need for anything. I am here for Hilda." Nathan wasn't interested in anything else and didn't want to talk nonsense with them so he went straight to the point.

"Hilda? She is not here." Mrs. Adams was shocked when she learned that he was here for Hilda. She thought for a moment and lied without changing her facial expression.
"Yes. Mr. Nathan. My sister already left." Carmen also chipped in.

A few hours ago, Hilda announced that she would ask Mr. Rex to destroy the Adams family. Although the Adams family was rich they knew it was no march for the Rex family and here Nathan is also looking for Hilda.

If Hilda and Nathan are also close then it was definitely a piece of cake for her to destroy the Adams family. What if Hilda and Nathan are close? And she was keen on destroying the Adams family, wouldn't she attack the Adams family if she could?

Therefore they had to find a way to get rid of Hilda secretly.

Nathan looked at the mother and daughter indifferently. In Taadi, although the Adams family wasn't part of the powerful family, they had a little influence compared to some other families. Mrs. Adams was know to be a noble lady with a good temper and a gentle personality where as Carmen was also a gentle and kind goddess in the entertainment industry.

But now looking at them, they looked ridiculous that they were lying. Nathan spoke out indifferently. "I have already located her here, or are you saying my intel isn't right?"

Nathan relentlessly poked out their lies and their smile froze.Then, Mr. Lewis came forward with a flattering smile. "Well,
Hilda doesn't behave herself properly and brought trouble
home lately. I just want to educate her. I don't think Mr.Nathan would meddle in our family affairs would he?"

Family affairs? Nathan looked at him with disdain evident in his eyes. Hilda and him have been married for some months now and she is now a member of the Clemon family. It didn't matter that their marriage was confidential and kept as a secret from the public. But it was never ever possible that a member of the Clemon family would be bullied by anyone else.

"Oh really?" Nathan sneered before he added. "You just hand her overto me and I will teach her a lesson on your behalf.I am sure you would be happy with the lesson I would teach her.11


For a moment, both sides were in a deadlock and none was willing to give in. At this time, Hilda's voice was suddenly heard from above. "Nathan, are you there? I'm here! Save me!Please save me!"


There was a small window in the storage room where Hilda was locked up. A few minutes ago, she heard a car being driven in and she saw that of Nathan's stopped at the entrance.It was his Maybach.

At the same time too she heard that several servant were whispering among themselves about the richest man of the country being in the living room and how the Adams family want to come up with a plan to get rid of her secretly and
avoid any potential trouble.

Hearing all this, it was impossible for Hilda to remain inactive.She had yet to have her revenge and her biological family was still unknown. She couldn't just die here, so she head to open the window and stretched out before shouting out with all her might as she was almost drained from her energy.

Nathan looked up and saw a thin figure hanging from a small window. It was Hilda who was calling out to him and waving her arms as she shouted out to him. Her voice was hoarse but with a strong will to survive, she tried everything she can to attract his attention.

Nathan's gaze darkened when he looked at Hilda's shaky body on the window and felt that she would be blown off by the wind at any time. His heart broke looking at her like that but then his gaze still remained darkened as he stared at the people in front of him. "Is this how you educate her?"

Nathan then pushed the people in front of him away and walked straight to the room where Hilda was locked up in. He followed the sound of her voice and located the storage room accurately where there were a few servants who even sneaked out and even tried to stop him.
###Chapter 46

"Get out of my way!" The anger in Nathan's eyes was murderous as if he wanted to kill someone. He looked at the door and ordered coldly. "Open the door."

"No. we can't open it without Mr. Adams instructions." One of the servant replied seeming unafraid of Nathan.

Nathan looked at him and the others indifferently that the coldness in his eyes made some afraid of him. "Open the door!"He said again this time his voice was even more ruthless.

They still didn't budge. As he looked around. he knew that he needed to save Hilda first and deal with them later so he looked towards the door and shouted. "Hilda, get off from the window and the door. I will kick the door open and let you out."


After making sure Hilda was far from the door and window.he kicked the door hard. With a creak sound, the door was opened and a gust of dust flew up. Hilda looked up at the opened door as the dust entered into her and she started coughing. After catching her breath, she saw Nathan appear in front of her. The string that had been tense in her heart suddenly seem to have been broken.

This was the first time she felt protected by a man. Even though it was Nathan her husband, she still felt a kind of long
lost warmth surging up in her heart.

Nathan looked at Hilda who was sitting on the ground with her clothes soaked wet. He reached out to touch her body and found that her temperature was rather low. He then frowned.

"Nathan.." Hilda called out to him softly.

After being pushed away by Nathan, the Adams family was stunned for a while and then rushed after Nathan only to find that he had already broken the storage door and had found Hilda so they were embarrassed.

No matter how tough they were to Hilda, it was not decent to be known for abusing their daughter.

"It's in fact only a misunderstanding. She went against us that's why..." Mrs. Adams tried to explain but at that time Nathan turned to stare at her coldly. She was so scared that she couldn't continue after being stared at like that by Nathan.

Nathan's gaze was emotionless but she felt an invisible sense of oppression.

Nathan took off his suit jacket and draped it on Hilda's body before turning back to look at the Adams family with a cold icy gaze. "The Adams family which is praised by everyone in Taadi city could actually lock their own daughter in the storage room with her clothes wet on a cold winter day. If I hadn't come,would you have frozen her to death?"
Looking at Hilda who lips were frozen purple. Nathan knew for a fact that the Adams family wasn't perfect as it was perceived to be.

Did Hilda deserve to be punished? Even if she did deserve to be punished, was this a way to go about it? This was the first time that he couldn't help but doubt some of the things he used to believe in.


Nathan ignored these hypocrites and carried Hilda who was trembling on the ground in his arms and walked out of the storage room.

"Mr. Nathan, it is all but a simple misunderstanding. We can take good care of her. We were just teaching her a lesson and nothing else. She is our daughter after all." Seeing that Nathan was going to take Hilda away in such a protective manner,Mr.Lewis became extremely anxious. He had a bad feeling that Hilda might take revenge on the Adams family for this.

Nathan carried Hilda out of the Adam's residence all the way outside to his car. Nathan's body temperature was warm.As Hilda felt his warmth from the hug, she couldn't bring her self to get down from his arms although she was smelling unpleasantly. She just wanted to indulge in it.

However, a moment later, she came back to her senses and reached out to pull on Nathan's chest. "Put me down. I can walk by myself."
Nathan looked at Hilda whose face was pale as paper and lips had turned weak purple because of the cold with eyes which were bright and gleamed with stubbornness.

Nathan then frowned. What is she trying to do? How could she still walk now with her current state? He thought before asking in an unhappy tone. "Why do you always want to argue with me, eh? Why are you always going against me?"

It was rare for him to be gentle to a woman but anytime he was gentle to Hilda, she didn't show any emotion of care.

"I.. I'm so smelly." Hilda said awkwardly since the water that had being splashed on her was polluted and had a foul smell.How could Nathan, who was a clean freak bear with something like this? Moreover, his clothes were all tailor made and quiet expensive. She didn't want to stain it.

Nathan became serious and Hilda was ready to be put down.But to her surprise, Nathan sped up his walking and brought her to his car. The bodyguard who had been outside all this while walked forward and opened the back seat for Nathan.

He then placed Hilda in the back seat with an exasperated expression he asked. "They splashed you with dirty water?"

Hilda looked down in embarrassment. Although Nathan knew a lot or two about how some families favored sons to daughter's, he had never seen a daughter being splashed with water no
dirty water on a cold winter day by their parents or step parents or foster parents.

"Are they your family or enemies?" Nathan looked at Hilda and asked.


Hilda didn't say anything and smiled in a sense of self mockery. In the eyes of outsiders, this kind of thing was totally unbelievable but she had been used to it. No one would believe it even if she did tell as they might think she was in the wrong.

Nathan looked at Hilda who was smiling. Indeed she was smiling but the despair made people feel suffocated which made his heart beat seem to pause for a moment.

"Next time, don't come back alone." With that Nathan entered the car and started it.


The car moved steadily, and the heater warmed Hilda up quickly. As soon as she felt the warmth, she only felt her eye lids becoming heavy as she felt sleepy. She tried to keep herself awake but she couldn't resist the tiredness from her inner body and fell asleep immediately.

Meanwhile,after NNathan took Hilda out of the Adams family,Mr. and Mrs. Adams panicked at the fact that Hilda would come back and take her revenge on them whiles Carmen was also fuming that Hilda got to know Mr. Nathan and that he would personally come to the Adams family and get her. And
didn't mind causing a ruckus between the two families.

Although their families where miles apart when it comes to status and power, Nathan kicking up a fuss now wasn't something to be reckoned on. Unless Hilda was of some importance to him.

Mrs. Adams spoke up. "Lewis, I think it is about time you tell her about her biological family so she let's go of the mindset of seeking revenge on the Adams family. Because if she goes ahead with it, we would all be doomed. Just look at how Mr.Nathan is so protective of her."

"Don't worry. I know what to do." With that he got up and went into his study.

Mrs. Adams noticed Carmen's ugly look and went up to her. "Carmen,how come Hilda got to know a big shot like Mr.Nathan?"


"How am I suppose to know mom? But I don't think Mr.Nathan would even want anything to do with Hilda after all,there are so many pretty girls aside Hilda. I think he is just using her." But yet still she is basking in his glory now. she thought sadly to herself without voicing it out.

How come Hilda always tend to have all the good stuffs.Argghh she didn't want to believe that it was a fact that Hilda really had something to do with Mr. Nathan.
"Carmen, you need to get close to Hilda so you could take Mr.Nathan from her. You know you are far prettier than her. I bet if Mr. Nathan had seen you first he wouldn't have gone for Hilda." Mrs. Adams said shamelessly.

Carmen smiled. Of course I'm prettier than Hilda so... With that thought in mind. Carmen smiled. "I get it mom but you know I am already engaged to Daniel."

Mrs. Adams looked at her and shook her head before shamelessly adding. "Daniel? Daniel is but nothing even in the eyes of the Cross family and you are thinking about letting the chance of you being the wife of the richest man in the country go to waste just because of Daniel?"

Thinking about what her mom said, Carmen thought she had a point. Of course who would let the chance of being the wife of the richest and most handsome bachelor of X country go to waste. She just smiled shamelessly and nodded. "Of course mom.I get it."
###Chapter 47

Nathan drove straight to the hospital. He wasn't sure if Hilda would catch a cold or not so he decided to send her directly to the hospital first.


As the members of the Clemon family were at the Clemons family hospital because of the Patriarch's illness, he drove Hilda to Samuel's hospital.

Hilda didn't realize that the car had stopped because she was sleeping soundly. Nathan looked at her who had curled her slender figure in the back seat and tightly wrapped in is suit jacket and his ached.

It was rare for him to feel this way towards any woman.He gently went ahead and opened the back seat and carried Hilda off the seat and walked towards the hospital corridor.

Hilda felt that she had a long dream. The dream was full of brightness instead of the usual darkness of lies, pain and betrayal that she usually had. She dreamt that she was with someone who brought her out of all her darkness. When she saw the person's face, she immediately woke up.

The person in the dream was none otherthan Nathan.

She sat up only to find herself in a hospital ward. The snow white wall looked extremely cold. When she was struggling to get out of the bed, she noticed that she was being injected with
an IV drip. She looked around and asked herself. Was is Nathan who brought me to the hospital?

Thinking about what happened and how she fell asleep in the car, and Nathan's broad chest and the faint smell of his cologne,Hilda felt a little embarrassed and her face turned red. She shook her head and tried to keep her cool.

Meanwhile outside her ward on the corridor, Nathan and Samuel were smoking.

"She's been weak, and having a cold of late. Fortunately, you dropped her early otherwise.." Samuel said seriously after taking a puff of his cigarette.

Thinking about what Samuel said and how light Hilda's weight was when he carried her, Nathan took a wif of his cigarette and the smoke filled his nasal cavity. It felt like a miraculous cure that relieved his tense and broken mind at that point."She would be here for twenty four hours so you make a full body check up on her." After that he burnt the cigar and turned and walked into Hilda's ward.


When he pushed the door open and entered her ward, she was awake and sitting on the bed. Seeing her awake, he loosened his eyebrows which had been locked tightly. "How are you feeling?" He asked.

Not long after they reached the hospital, Hilda started burning
with a fever. He didn't even want to think about what would happen if he had taken her directly home.

"I'm okay." She replied.

"You are weak and have a fever. The doctor advised that you stay in inpatient for a few days for treatment."

Nathan looked at her and continued. "Just have a good rest here these days to avoid any casualties."

Hilda nodded. "Okay."

After a while, Nathan asked someone to bring them dinner.

Hilda looked at the delivery man who brought a lot of food which was beyond her diet and Nathan's and turned to Nathan."Anyone else joining us?"

Before Nathan could say anything, Samuel barged into the ward. "Of course Mrs. Clemons. It been a while since I had a good food together with Nathan so he invited me today."He joked.

"Mr.Fleming?" Hilda was stunned when she saw him in a doctor's coat. She had no idea that the man who brought her food that morning was a doctor. Although she knew he was part of the big four she never thought that he would be a doctor.
"Hmm." Samuel raised an eyebrow at her.

Although they weren't that close to each other and Samuel was Nathan's friend, she felt pleasant and warm being around him.Looking at the feast, she ushered him to have a sit before they all started digging in.

Nathan remained silent all the while they were eating where as Samuel chatted and laughed it off with Hilda. After they were done. Nathan coldly asked Samuel to leave. "Since you are done eating. you may leave now."

Samuel acted like he was hurt and then turned to Hilda with a sad expression on. "Mrs. Clemon, how can your husband be this heartless. I am your doctor after all but he is making it seem like I came for food."


Hilda laughed at his expression and joked. "Oh, I also thought you came for the food too as that was what you said when you entered."

Samuel then turned to Nathan. "Bro, you are your wife are ganging up on me. I'm leaving, I'm leaving" With that he left with a saddened expression.

Hilda laughed at his expression. When Nathan saw how happy Hilda was, he couldn't help but smile too.

They chatted for a little while before Hilda looked up to him."Thank you."
Although her voice was low, Nathan heard it accurately. The man smiled slightly and then as if he had thought of something he turned up his poker face and stood up. "I am your husband. You should stop saying this thank you's. It is my duty to protect you."

Hilda smiled and nodded her head. "Okay."

Nathan walked closer to her and leaned and gave her a kiss. "I got to go. Take care of yourself. I would be back later."

Hilda nodded and looked at Nathan who seemed to be in a bad mood all of a sudden. She didn't ask anything more since she was already used to the man's capricious moods. Since he asked her to take care of herself. Then she would just take a nap and make sure to keep herself healthy.

As it is, her health is the pre condition of her looking for a biological family so she needn't fall sick.

Nathan walked out of the hospital as Stanley followed him and reported to him. It was about Hilda's past. Nathan opened the files and flipped through with his slender fingers. He began frowning with each page he turned.

It was about Hilda's past. It so happened that it all happened twenty years ago. When Hilda was brought back to the Adams family as the daughter of Mrs. Leah Adams. At that time, she travelled out of the country with her husband for a year and a
half and when she came back, she brought along a little girl with her claiming she was their daughter. As for the truth behind it no one knew.

Nathan turned to Stanley who was walking beside him and asked. "You mean she came back with the baby after being in Y country for a year and a half?"

"Yes. I think there is something fishy that went on because there is not a single trace of her going for maternity care in all the hospital's I checked during her stay in Y country. And on the day Hida was born, that was the same day Miss Gloria was born. And the same hospital that Mrs. Adams had claim she gave birth to Hilda at." Stanley replied also baffled at the fact.


"So that only means that, Hilda isn't from this country?"Nathan halted his steps and looked back at Stanley.

"For that I am not sure yet unless Mrs. Adams herself." He replied with his head down.

"Then you know what to do." With that Nathan said in the back seat of his car and Stanley took the driver's seat. He started the car and looked at Nathan who had his eyes closed and head layed back on the seat like he was asleep. "Sir, where are we driving to?"

"Have you done what I requested?" Nathan asked in a cold
voice without opening his eyes.

"Yes." Samuel replied with a smirk on his lips.

"What about Hilda's car?"

"The bodyguard already had it moved to the garage."

"Okay. Head to the hospital then."

Stanley was baffled at first as they were still at the hospital but thinking about it, He knew Nathan meant where the Patriarch was admitted. The Clemon's family hospital.

With that he stepped on the gas pedal and speed away.
###Chapter 48

At the Clemon hospital, Gloria was happily having a conversation with the Patriarch when the Patriarch suddenly asked out of the blue. "What do you think about you and Nathan getting married this time around?"

Gloria was surprise at first that the Patriarch wanted her to marry Nathan then again she knew no one could get in her way as she was the only powerful woman with both status and power and matched perfectly with Nathan.

She shyly lowered her head before sighing. And in a wobbly voice she replied "I have always wanted to get married to Nathan. We grew up together and I have always thought that we would get married. But I didn't know what happened for Nathan to change his mind all of a sudden. Grandpa you know,I am still in love with him. I have always loved him"

Hearing her voice that wobbly, that goes up and down as if she was going to cry he held her hand. "Don't worry. Nathan and you would definitely get married. I would do everything in my power to make sure you get married. You know you are the only lady that suites him best."

Gloria was filled with glee inside her heart as she thought.'Nathan, who did you think you are that I won't get you. As far as I have my eyes on you, you are going to be mine.'
But her expression was that of an aggrieved child. "Grandpa.you know Nathan is stubborn. What if he doesn't want to marry me?"

"Don't worry my dear. Don't you have faith in your grandpa anymore?"

"Not that grandpa but Nathan..."

"That's ok. Just leave everything to me."

Nathan who was currently outside the ward and was about to enter the ward halted his steps after he over heard the conversation between his grandfather and Gloria and then his face clouded with rage. What did his granadfather mean by saying he would get everything done? If he thinks he is going to get me to marry Gloria then he can dream on.

Nathan turned and walked away. He walked to a lonely corner and took out a cigarettes to smoke. He lit the cigarettes but didn't take a puff as he thought back to his younger days. At that time,all he had in his mind was to marry Gloria after they are old enough.

To him Gloria was everything to him till he visited the Adams residence and met the little girl. From then on,he began to have second thoughts about Gloria being his wife. Every time he was alone, he would hear that little girl's sweet and melodious voice.
Anytime he was stuck with something and couldn't move on.the little girl's voice would resound in his ears. "Do come back again. The baby would start crying whenever she doesn't see her dad around." Little Hilda being the one saying this.

Thinking about this, he smiled. Burnt the cigarettes and walked out of the hospital without looking back.




Hilda was fast asleep on her hospital bed when she felt a familiar hand tugging her properly in bed. She turned around and smiled before calling out "Nathan..."

"Hmm" Nathan who was back to Hilda's ward stared at her loving.

Hilda moved a little and gestured with her hand for Nathan to lay down beside her. Nathan smiled after getting the sign. He took of his shoes and lay beside her.

Although the bed wasn't big enough for two people, Hilda and Nathan were able to lie in it. Immediately Nathan lay down beside her, Hilda moved into his arms.


Nathan froze immediately as Hilda stared moving her body to find a comfortable spot. Immediately she was comfortable enough,she fell back asleep. Nathan who was laying stiff on the bed could feel his erection but he could do nothing to control himself.
After so much efforts, he also feel asleep. Samuel who was about to get off work came into the ward to check up on Hilda before leaving when he caught sight of the two people on the bed. He froze as he lips curled into a smile.

Who would have thought that Nathan would be the first to get himself her wife. Thinking about this, he happy took out his phone and took a picture of the two of them andsent it to Kyle with the caption. "I don't want to be single anymore.How about giving your sister to me?" He then added the crying emoji.

Kyle who was in the middle of something heard his phone ring with a message notificaton. Frowning, he took it out only to see that it was a message from Samuel. 'What does this man want from me at this time of the night' Thinking about this he inputted his passwords to open his phone.

When he swiped up to open his phone he then saw the message. He frowned after reading the text and looked at the picture. He took a look at the man on the hospital bed with a woman in his arms and frowned. Why does this man look familiar. Taking a closer look, he noticed it was Nathan.

He laughed out loud after taking a closer look. 'Who would have thought that Nathan would be this loving?' He read Samuel's message and replied him with. 'I would never give my sister to a coward like you. Buzz off!'
When Samuel saw the message he nearly cried. 'Who says I'm a coward? I'm willing to do anything to be with your sister.'He replied back still standing in Hilda's ward.

Kyle smirked. Just go and manage your family company. After you are in- depth with it. you can come back and talk to me about my sister.' Kyle replied back.

When Kyle saw the message, he nearly cried. He didn't like being a business man. All he wanted to do was be a doctor and save lives. Was that too much to ask? He looked at the message and replied with a sad and crying emoji. 'I'm willing to do anything else apart from managing my family's company.Please, please. I promise to take very good care of her.'

Kyle smiled. HIe knew for a fact that Samuel would never enter into the business world. 'Managing the company or nothing else. I'm in the middle of something. Bye!!!' Kyle replied and tucked his phone back into his pocket.

Samuel received his cold reply and was murmuring something to himself only to be frightened by a cold voice. "Are you done?You may leave now."

He looked up only to see Nathan standing right in front of him."Man,you scared me."

Nathan who had been sleeping suddenly heard foot steps of someone walking into Hilda's ward. He then pretended to be
asleep to see who it was but to his surprise he saw Samuel walking in.

After he walked in, he had a shocked expression on his face before taking out his phone to take a picture. Nathan pretended to be asleep so he could take the picture and leave immediately he was done. But to surprise.Samuel stood there and began chatting with his phone.

He stood up and stood in front of him for like five minutes without Samuel knowing but Samuel still didn't notice him. As he was getting impatient his voice then resonated in the quiet hospital ward which almost frightened Samuel.

Nathan looked at him indifferently and said again. "If you are done,you may leave."

Samuel looked at him aggrieved. "Man, is this how to treat your brother? You putting hoes before bros now. I just came to check up on our wife and if she was okay or needed something.Is this how I get paid back? Okay, I'm leaving now."

Nathan's gaze darkened when he heard Samuel calling Hilda our wife. "Who did you just call our wife? If your wife is missing, go look for her. There is no need to call mine 'Our Wife'." Nathan replied indifferently.

Samuel who was about to walk out stopped in his steps. What's wrong with me calling Hilda our wife? He thought. He looked
back at Nathan speechlessly. "Do you need to add salt to my wounds now? Are you that possessive now? Okay your wife.Are you happy now?"

With that Samuel walked out of the ward speechless.
###Chapter 49

The next day, as the sun shone through the window into the ward, the fast asleep Hilda turned and tried to face away from the sun rays ready to fall back asleep when she was suddenly jolted awake by a voice. "Want to get back to sleep again?"

She then opened her eyes only to find herself in the hospital ward. She was having a nice dream and had long forgotten to wake up only to be woken up by Nathan. She looked around and spotted Nathan in the sofa going through some files.

She then yawned. "Yeah. Good morning."

"Good morning. You should hurry and freshen up.We will be leaving after breakfast. You are being discharged"

Hilda who hated being in the hospital was happy that they were about to leave but mad at the fact that Nathan had woken her up from her dream.

She sulked and got down from the bed before entering into the bathroom to brush her teeth and freshen up. After she was done,they had lunch and Nathan packed up the things he had brought for her that night into a little bag and then they walked out of the ward together.

When they got into the car, Nathan thought as if he had just remembered something and announced. "There would be a birthday party tomorrow night and I want you to come with
me."

"A birthday party? Whose birthday party? And are you sure you want me to come along with you? Are you not afraid of what people would think when they see us together?" Hilda bombarded Nathan with questions after he asked her to tag along with him to the birthday party.

To her, tagging along with Nathan to a birthday party is like them announcing their relationship to the outside world.

Nathan was amused by the series of questions thrown at him by Hilda. Acting laconic. Nathan turned to her and gave his phone with a picture on it to her. "Don't worry about what others might think. We would just keep a close distance."

Hilda who had Nathan's phone in her hand looked at the picture with a short bio and invitation of the birthday celebrant and to her surprise it was Christopher Anderson. She was beyond thrilled as she looked at hispicture.

He was her favorite actor. Although she wasn't a crazy fan of his, she was a fan who wouldn't let the chance of meeting her celebrity crush slip away.

Nathan who was in the driver's seat stole glances at Hilda who was sitting beside him and his expression turned grim. Hilda was still admiring Christopher's picture.

When they got back home, Hilda received a call from Naima.
They chatted cheerfully on the phone that she ignored Nathan and walked into the hall laughing and giggling.She told Naima about how Nathan came to save her at the Adams villa.

"And then? You gave yourself to him to thank him right?"Naima was so excited that she couldn't wait for Hilda's reply.

After a pause. Hilda answered rather bashed. "No."

The unrommantic answer left Naima in worry. After a long pause she finally calmed herself down and asked. "Babes, don't tell me you guys haven't banged?"

"Bang?" Hearing the brazenness of Naima left goose bumps on HiIda as she recalled that night.

"Come on Hilda, don't tell me you don't know what it means to get banged." She rolled her eyes and continued. "Use google to search for the meaning if you don't get it?"

"It's not like I don't understand what you meant though, it is the salacious way you put it that made me cringe.Jeez,you make me flinch." Hilda replied after feeling uneasy hearing how straight forward Naima said the word.

"Take it easy babes." Naima giggled as she replied.

Hilda and Naima had known each other for a long time. They have been best friends for a long time. Although they both travelled miles apart, they didn't forget to stay in touch. Naima
then urged on. "You know countless women in this world would die to be Nathan's woman. Count me in. I wouldn't mind being his second wife if he practice polygamy. Right now.you have the best chance to win his heart otherwise you would lose him."


She then went on. "I know you are a smart girl. I believe you would hack what it takes to make him yours alone."

"But I didn't say we haven't done it yet..." Hilda replied shyly.

"You are such an idiot! Why didn't you tell me earlier."

"Fuck off! Why is there the need?" Hilda shouted laughing.

To which Naima asked. "Hilda, I'm really curious. Who is on top and who is under. You or who?"

Hilda who was blushing at the moment as she thought about what happened the other night didn't know how to reply.She pretended not to hear her question and changed the topic.They spoke till late in the afternoon when Nathan who had busied himself in the study came to get her so they go out for lunch.




In the Clemons family hospital, Mrs. Clemons had an invitation card in her hand which she intends to give to Gloria so she could have some time with Nathan the day after.
It was the invitation to Christopher's birthday party. Although she was not that well when it came to her health, Christopher didn't forget to give her an invitation.

And the fact she couldn't go, she needed someone to go in her stead so she figured Gloria would be the perfect person as she had always seen her as a daughter in law.

Now in the ward, she gave the invitation card to her. "Gloria.tomorrow night is Christopher's birthday dinner. As you know,your aunt isn't that well so she won't be able to go. I would be counting on you to go in my stead."

Gloria became thrilled immediately she heard that it was an invitation to Christopher's birthday party. She knew for sure that Nathan would be there. As Nathan and Christopher had been friends for a long time now, there was no way that Nathan wouldn't attend the birthday party.

Since she came back to X country, she had been looking for ways to get close to Nathan but she hadn't found any yet. Any time she tries to meet Nathan, he would either avoid her or give her the cold shoulder. Now this would be the chance for her to spend time with Nathan.

Thinking about this, she tookthe invitation card and sighed."I would love to go aunt. But you know, the venue is onthe island between X country and Y country. There is no way I would be able to get there without a date."
Hearing this. Mrs. Clemon thought what she said made sense."Don't worry about that. Nathan would be going too so I would be sure to ask him to go with you and keep you company."

When Gloria heard this, she was beyond thrilled but asked unenthusiastically. "Aunt, I wouldn't want it to be like I might be a third wheel. What if Nathan already have a date?"

Mrs. Clemons smiled. "Nathan, a date? I am not sure. It might be him going with one of his secretaries and nothing else."

"Really? So aunt I would be going with Nathan?"

The Patriarch also thought that would be a good chance for them to rekindle their feelings so he replied even before Mrs.Clemons could. "Of Course. I would call him and inform him now."


With that the patriarch took out his phone and gave Nathan a call."Nate.."


Nathan who was sitting in the living room with Hilda watching a comedy show that Hilda loved suddenly stood up after receiving his grandpa's call. "Grandpa.."

"What time would you be leaving for Christopher's birthday party tomorrow?" The Patriarch who didn't like beating around the bush when talking cut straight to the point immediately Nathan answered the called.
Nathan was confused by his grand father's question but then he answered. "Tomorrow around noon."


"Okay. I would send someone to accompany you. Be sure to take care of her. She is my guest."

"Grandpa who?" Nathan had a fair idea but wanted to be sure.

But his grandfather didn't bother answering. "Be sure to be nice. Tomorrow then." With that he hanged up.
###Chapter 50

Nathan frowned as he though about who his grandpa would be sending to accompany him. He had already told Hilda she would be tagging along side him so the person his grandpa his going to send now?

Thinking about it, he didn't know how to break the news to Hilda. He saw a trace of excited flashed passed her eyes when she got to know that it was Christopher's birthday party she was about to attend. The last time at the cinema, she had said that she was a fan of Christopher so she would be happy to meet him and here...


He went back to join her in the hall and held her in his embrace.




The next day, after Hilda have freshened up and taken her break fast, she was about to go out as Naima had asked her to join her for shopping the night before and she had agreed.

Before she could walk out of the door Nathan stopped her. "The stylists would be here soon. Where are you off to?"

"This early?" She was surprised as the party wouldn't start till later in the evening so why are they coming this early? To her,she thought the stylists would come later in the afternoon that was why she accepted Naima's invitation to go shopping.
"Yeah." He said as he walked back into the living room.

Seeing that it would be impossible for her to accompany Naima.she gave up and went back into the bedroom. She then took out her phone and gave her a call. "Babes, I don't think I would be able to accompany you today. How about we do a rain check."


Naima was aggrieved as she spoke on the phone. "The last time we planned to go shopping that b*tch spoilt it and we had to postpone it. What about today? Babe, you are not working or are you? And your husband would be at work at this time so what's keeping you busy? You just don't want to spend a few thousands on me."

Hilda laughed as she listened to Naima speak in an aggrieved tone. "I have a party to attend with my husband or I should let someone else accompany him? Ermm.." Hilda paused like she was thinking and then continued. "I think that would do after all there are so many pretty girls out there who would want to accomp..."

Hilda didn't get to finish her sentence when Naima's angry roar came from the other end of the phone. "What the h*11? You want someone else to accompany Mr. Clemon? Babe this is your husband!"

"Yes he is my husband and you are my best friend. You my best friend is aggrieved so I need to make sure you are okay."
Hilda also said in a sad tone.

Naima immediately denied. "No, no don't worry. We can go shopping another day but be sure to have fun." She giggled after her last sentence.


Hilda laughed and said. "Sure. I would be sure to have fun."After which she hanged up.

Soon, the stylists arrived at Nathan's residence. They came along with a collection of dresses, bags and heels to match the dresses, a cosmetic case and others.

Since it was a birthday party that was suppose to happen in the evening. Nathan chose an evening dress for Hilda by himself.


He chose two dresses. there was one cream and the other blue and gave them to Hilda. "Try these on."

Hilda then went upstairs with both dresses in her arms.

Ten minutes later, she came down and stood on the stair case and looked at Nathan. Nathan's eyes lit up at the sight of her.The cream dress was an off shoulder dress. It accentuated her tall and willowy figure which made her look incredibly angelic even without make up on.

She had already tried the blue dress on but the cream looked soo much better. With a bright smile on, she went down the
stairs and stood in front of Nathan. Her face blushed at Nathan's intense gaze. "How do I look?" She asked with a hopeful expression.

"You look stunning." Nathan replied and turned around to face the stylists. "You may leave the rest of the clothes here."

"Yes Mr. Nathan." The stylist replied.

'Are all these dresses mine? Hilda thought in awe. She then turned and tugged on Nathan's shirt. "I don't think I need so many clothes at the moment."

It was already winter and she didn't think she would have a chance to wear the dresses after the winter as she would be busy with work at that time.

"There is no harm in having them hanged in your walk in closet." Nathan replied.

Hilda was speechless...

It was indeed a sight to see Hilda in the cream dress. It looks like she was embellished with elegance. Her appearance was a huge contrast to her normal attire and office attire.

Nathan then selected a pair of heel and bag and accessories to match with her dress. The rest that was left to do was Hilda's make up. He looked at Hilda's make up free face and turned to the stylist. "A light make up."
"Yes Mr. Nathan." The make up artist replied.

The make up artist then proceeded with her work and powdered Hilda's face with light make up. Once it was done.Hilda got off the chair and walked towards Nathan. She gave him a smile and asked. "Do I look good?"

Nathan who was lost in his own thought after receiving a message from the Patriarch stared absent- mindedly at Hilda with blank eyes and nodded without saying anything.

Hilda pouted disappointed by his lack of enthusíasm. She thought Nathan would be stunned by he beauty but he remained unaffected.


Nathan then went to get himself ready. When he came out,Hilda had her mouth wide opened. He was dressed smartly in a navy blue suit. He looked quite dapper in his navy-blue suit as he walked towards Hilda.


He held her hand and snapped her out of her daze when he asked. "How do I look?"


Hilda lowered her head to hide her embarrassment of being caught staring. "You look dreamy." Hilda said mischievously.She thought he is unbelievably gorgeous, so much so that he seems to take my breath away.

He held her hand and walked towards his Maybach. The bodyguards then drove them towards the harbor. In the car.
Nathan looked at Hilda before sighing. "My grandfather also sent someone to accompany me as he knew I am still single."

Hilda's heart sank after she heard what Nathan said. 'Of course if she hadn't asked Nathan to keep their marriage a secret,all this wouldn't have happened. But she knew for a fact that the Clemon's family would never accept someone who was a nobody to be the wife of Nathan. Who was Nathan? He was the heir of the Clemons family.'

Thinking about this, she felt sour. The Clemon family might have already found him a wife.

When Nathan noticed her sour mood, he mood closer to her and drew her into his arms. "Don't worry. No one can be my wife,only you."

Although Nathan said this, she knew for a fact that the Clemon family wouldn't like her. "Who is this person who is going to accompany you?"

Nathan's expression turned grim at Hilda's question. But then he answered. "My ex- fiancée."

"Ex-fiancée?" Hilda was confused.

"Yes, we were about to get married back then but then I pulled out at the last minute." Nathan's expression darkened when he thought about everything that happened but he didn't know how to explain it to Hilda.
"What happened?" Hilda asked sourly after learning that they were a thing before.

At the same time, the car had already reached the harbor. So Nathan evaded Hilda's question. "We are here."

Nathan got off followed by Hilda. When she step out of the car.she was met with the sight was a lady in a light green ball gown and a pair of glass heels. Holding her hemlines in her arms, the lady walked happily to Nathan.
###Chapter 51

When Nathan saw her walking towards him he frowned. He had wanted to snub her but he knew for a fact that his grandfather would berate him if he does. She is my grandfather's guest so I might after all just give her that respect.


When she got closer, she stopped right in front of Nathan and that was when Hilda had a clear view of how she looked.she had a long wavy black hair with beautiful blue eyes and wore a red lipstick.

Hilda silently praised her. 'Wow, she looks just like a fairy but wait, she frowned, she looks familiar she though. Taking a second look, isn't she that unreasonable lady from the restaurant? 'F*ck! she happens to be Nathan's ex fiancée? How can such an unreasonable woman be his fiancée?. She thought.


After the invitation card was given to her and Nathan was asked to be her companion, Gloria went to greater height to choose her dress for the party. She wanted nothing more than to be the prettiest lady of the night.

She thought, if she was the prettiest lady of the night, Nathan would not be able to take his eyes off me.

"Nate, you are here." She called out sweetly.

"Uh- huh" Nathan nodded indifferently and walked towards the ship with Hilda following suit with her head down.

Gloría didn't recognize her as she had all her attention on
Nathan. In her mind she thought. 'Nathan looks gorgeous.Only a woman like me deserves a man like him.'

When Hilda noticed the look his Gloria's eyes as she stared at Nathan, Hilda frowned. 'Why is she looking at my husband like that?


As the venue of the party was on an island between X country and Y country, the distance was quite far. After they arrived at their destination it was already dark, that was when Hilda understood why they had left home earlier when the party was in the evening.

After they had arrived at the harbor, they boarded a ship.After they had travelled fuarther on the sea, they had to take an helicopter on an unknown island to the venue.

When they reached the venue for the party, it was already dark.'I really don't understand these rich guys. Why do they feel
the necessity to hold a party on such a remote island?' Hilda thought but after thinking about how good the scenery looked after she got down from the plane she understood.

While in the helicopter, Hilda looked down at the island and ocean surrounding it. The green island looked like a giant emerald, adorning the blue ocean.

Putting the European style villa's and the classical decoration aside, the colorful flowers, the blue ocean and the clean beaches formed a beautiful landscape.

The island was covered by tropical trees and flowers.The
temperature here was above twenty degrees through out the year. After climbing out of the helicopter, Hilda stretched out her arms to loosen her sore muscles and smoothed her hair lightly.

Nathan handed his coat to the butler and was in his white shirt. He looked really handsome in his white shirt.

Gloria also got off the helicopter and held onto Nathan's arm without minding the people around them.

Hilda was burning with anger when she saw this. How dare she hold onto my husband right in front of me? She thought as she was filled with rage.


Nathan wanted nothing but to let the world know that Hilda was his wife but he was also worried. He didn't mind taking Hilda to his family house but he knew it would turn out badly if they knew she had no back ground.

He also knew they wouldn't mind using under hand methods to get rid of her. After all there was no family to back her not even the Adams family would.

She turned to look at Nathan who was also looking at her helplessly.

"Miss Adams!" A man's voice resounded behind her. She turned to see who it was. From not far away, she saw two men approaching them. They were all dressed smartly. It was Samuel and Kyle. Samuel was in a black suit where as Kyle was in a white suit.
As Hilda had not met Kyle before, she didn't know who he was. When Samuel got closer, he stared at Gloria who was holding onto Nathan's arm in confusion. 'Miss Gloria? What is she doing holding Nathan's arm?' He thought.


Hilda was surprised to see Samuel here. "Mr. Fleming, how are you?" She greeted him. As they were saying their hello's,she walked away from Nathan and Gloria and stood beside Samuel.

She was disgusted with how Gloria was acting out like she was Nathan's wife. That was when Gloria also recognized her. How come? Isn't she the b*tch from the restaurant and mall the last time? Carmen's sister? How come she had been on the helicopter with me without me noticing?

Nathan's face sour at the fact that Hilda was standing beside Samuel but yet again he knew it was good that way. He took out his phone from his pocket and typed out a message to Hilda. The message read. 'Stick with Samuel. Be sure to tell him if you need anything too.

When Hilda received his message she became stomp. If he knew he already had a companion then why did he ask me to come? Hilda tucked her phone in her pocket and looked at Samuel.

Samuel who had also received a message from Nathan nodded his head at her. He then turned to introduce her to Kyle. "Miss Adams, this is Kyle Michel, Kyle, Miss Hilda Adams, I have told you about her before."
"Hi Mr. Michel." Hilda reached out her hand to greet him.

"Miss Adams, nice meeting you. Just go ahead and call me Kyle. Don't stand in ceremony and call me Mr. Michel." He took her hand and shook it.


Hilda smiled and replied. "Sure Mr. no Kyle. And I would also prefer you call me Hilda."

Samuel who was standing aside spoke up after hearing that. "Mrs. Cle.. Erm I meant Miss Adams, you have never asked me to call you by your name after all this time but look here you are telling Kyle to. How about you call me Samuel too." He joked.

Hilda laughed after hearing Samuel's joke. "Sure,sure,Samuel."

Gloria who was standing beside Nathan was confused as she thought. 'How could a girl from the Adams family get to know Kyle and Samuel and even talk to them freely where as me who grew up together with Nathan, they don't even spare me a single glance.' Envy was evident in her eyes as she stared at Hilda.

The group walked in as Samuel was joking around with Hilda laughing. Seeing this, Nathan frowned. He came with his wife but now another man is keeping her company and making her laugh. How ridiculous.

The venue was already packed when they walked in, a throng of celebrities were already at the venue. Everyone of them was having fun. When people saw them walking in, the women
especially nearly went crazy. "It's them. The big three."

"Oh my God! I can't believe I'm seeing Nathan Clemons!
Another one of them exclaimed.

"Oh my God, they are all so hot! I like all three. What should I do?" A second woman also exclaimed.


"Isn't that the president of the Sanchez Entertainment Media?Why is she holding onto Mr. Nathan like that?" Another wondered.


"I don't know why but they look like the perfect couple."Another replied.

Their discussions went on like that making comments usually about their looks and their companions.

Later the group split up. Kyle was pulled away from his friends by two beautiful women. Nathan and Gloria stood else where. Samuel and Hilda stayed put as the stared at each other awkwardly.

A waiter came to them offering all kinds of alcohol. Samuel took a glass of wine from the tray. When Hilda was about to pick one, Samuel beat her to it and told the waiter. "A class of lemonade,please."

"Yes, Mr. Fleming."

After the waiter left, Samuel took a sip of his wine. Hilda stared at her empty hand and ask. "Why lemonade?"
###Chapter 52

"For you" Replied Samuel.

Hilda was struck speechless. She looked around and everyone had a glass of something alcoholic be it, wine, liquor.champagne and even cocktail. No one was drinking lemonade so why would Samuel get her lemonade? "Lemonade?Seriously?"

"Yes. Your husband forbid me to make you drink." Samuel replied. Yes it was Nathan who asked him to make sure Hilda didn't take any alcoholic beverage. Simply, he didn't want her drinking anything alcoholic.

Hilda was annoyed but she knew there was no way Samuel would let her take any of the alcoholic beverages and she didn't know how to convince him either.


Soon the lemonade was served. She took the drink resignedly and followed Samuel to walk around. As they were walking around, she asked, "Any shows tonight?"

"Yeah. As you know, Christopher is an actor himself so definitely,there was suppose to be a show." Samuel answered as he twirled his wine in his wine glass.


They had barely taken a few steps when someone suddenly called on Samuel. "Samuel? Is that your girlfriend?"

They all turned around to look at who the voice belonged to.
It belonged to a pretty lady.
She was in an ice blue long dress which brought out hers curves. She had blonde hair, deep brown eyes and cute lips with red lipsticks.

She was tall and pretty. The ice blue dress brought out her charms. As soon as Samuel saw her, he was mesmerized. The lady was none other than Comfort Michel the elder sister of Kyle Michel.

She was Known as a goddess in the business world. She was quick and decisive when it comes to making decisions. And she was also known to be ruthless.


Although she wasn't as ruthless as Nathan when it came to the business world, in the under ground world she was a storm to be reckoned with.


From the first time Samuel set his eyes on her, he had develop some kind of feelings for her. To him, she was the most prettiest lady in the whole wide world. No one comes close to her beauty.

He had tried many times to struck up a conversation with her but he was always shy when it came to Comfort. She always had a poker face and spoke little.

Samuel looked at her and gulped. In his mind he thought,Oh my God, she is still as prettiest as always.' Hilda looked at Samuel who was too stunned by Comfort's beauty to answer and pinched him at the back without Comfort noticing.

Snapping back to his senses he scratched the back of his head
and answered rather embarrassed. "No, she isn't my girlfriend."

Although Nathan answered in his mind he continued.How could she be my girlfriend when you have already taken my heart away?

Comfort smiled and looked at Hilda. "Are you sure she isn't your girlfriend?"

Samuel hurriedly shook his head this time around. "Nope. She isn't my girlfriend. She is my mom's god daughter so she is my sister."

Hilda was stunned by his answer. 'Me his sister? Since when did I not know I had a god mother and a brother?

Comfort was also stunned. "Why haven't I heard you talk about her before?"

"That's because erm..." As Samuel was stuttering and didn't know how to answer, Kyle also came at the same time and pulled his sister into her tight hug.

"Sis, I miss you so much. When did you come back?"

Kyle who had always been pampered by his sister had this love and hate relationship with her. He had been together with his sister after he murdered everyone in his family to be the'King of the underworld' at such a young age.

His sister was the one who took care of him and thought him most of all what he knew now. At that, his love for his sister
was that of a mother and son.

Comfort was embarrassed at how Kyle hug her so she pulled a poker face and said coldly. "Pull your self together. There are a lot of people watching."

"I don't care who is watching sis, when did you come back?Why didn't you tell me so I go pick you from the airport?"

"I just arrived." Comfort said coldly. Although her voice was cold. Kyle knew his sister love him the same way.

"I guess you have already met our wife." He looked at Hilda as he spoke.

"Samuel..? Do you mind explaining. I thought you said she isn't your girlfriend but your sister?" Comfort shot daggers at Samuel as she asked him.


Samuel was frightened out of his wit's as he saw Hilda's cold glare on him. "She is but my sister. She is not my wife. Hilda,why don't you introduce yourself to her" Since Comfort was family, they didn't mind letting her on about Nathan's marriage.

Kyle him self was shocked by how Samuel cowers any time he was in front of his sister. But why would he go to such greater length to lie about Hilda being his mother's god daughter? He was confused himself.

Hilda who was silent all this while smiled and reached out her hand to Comfort. "Hello, I am Hilda Adams from the Adams family and Nathan's wife."
Hilda dropped a bomb shell. Comfort looked at her from up to down. She is but a young girl who was in her early twenties so why would Nathan get married to her? But yet again on second thought she thought, it is none of my business what that lad does with his life.


She smiled back and shook her hand. A rare thing from Comfort. "I'm Comfort Michel. The older sister of Kyle. You can call me C."

"Nice to meet you 'C." Hilda smiled at her.

"Nice to meet you too. But why haven't I heard about Nathan's marriage till today?" Comfort asked rather confused.

If Nathan was to get married, the whole of Taadi city should have heard of it but why is she now hearing it?

Hilda smiled bitterly before answering her. "It's because Nathan and I decided to keep it a secret for now. Only a handful of us know."


After hearing Hilda's answered, Comfort nodded. "Okay. Mrs.Clemon." She suddenly joked.

Samuel who had his eyes on her all this while was captivated by her smile. He stood there and was just staring at her foolishly. He was busy admiring her beauty that when she turned to leave with Kyle, he still had his eyes on her.

Immediately they were out of sight his expression turned grim.Hilda who had noticed his reaction from when Comfort came
couldn't help laughing.

He turned to look at her. "Why are you laughing? What's funny?"

Hilda shook her head. "No,nothing."

Samuel thought it didn't make sense as Hilda was still looking at himn and laughing. "Why?" He asked confused at how Hilda was laughing.

"Do you like her?" Hilda calmed herself down and asked.

Samuel was intrigued by her question. He had always had a crush on Comfort but he was good at hiding his feelings that even his friends didn't know he really had something for her.

To them he was always joking about wanting to be with Comfort so they never took him seriously when he said he had a thing for her.

But here Hilda was asking after her been in contact with the two of them for just some few minutes.

For a minute, he was at a loss at how to answer but then he smiled awkwardly and tried to hide his awkwardness."Hah?Hahaha.Don't think too much into it. She is nothing but a goddess to me. I respect her very much."

Hilda looked at Samuel who was trying to hide his feelings but had an awkward expression on and didn't bother going further.
She just nodded. "Okay. But if you do like her, I would want
to tell you to go for it. She is pretty. You shouldn't sit down and watch someone else take her away."

With that Hilda took a sip of her lemonade and Samuel's smile froze.
###Chapter 53

Samuel calmed his nerves and smiled at Hilda. "Don't think too much into it. She is nothing but a goddess in my heart."

Hilda didn't say further and just nodded. At the same time screams were heard as the people at the entrance started calling out Christopher's name.

"Chris,Chris,Chris..."

Since they arrived at the venue, Hilda hadn't seen the birthday celebrant. But hearing the people screaming his name out loud now,she knew he had appeared at the venue.

People started paving way for him to enter. Immediately Hilda caught sight of him, she nearly drooled at the sight of him.He looked more dashing in person than on TV. She thought.

Nathan who was standing at a corner was currently looking at his wife when he noticed her admiring another man. His gaze darkened.


Christopher who had just entered the hall looked around and his eyes fell on Hilda who was standing beside Samuel staring at him admiringly. He was stunned by her beauty.

He smiled and waIked towards them. Christopher who was an actor was also known for his love for women. News about him being a womanizer was always plastered on the news.

When he caught sight of Hilda, he knew he had never seen her
before but as a celebrity himself, he had been checking out all the juicy gossips. For the past months, news about Hilda had been trending in Taadi city as she was claimed to be a home wrecker and wanted to create havoc at her sister's wedding.


He was stunned at first when he caught sight of Hilda. She was looking stunning with her off shoulder cream dress.He knew she wasn't on his invited guest list so he was quite surprised as to how a girl from a second rate family could get to attend his party and was even standing beside Samuel.

When he stopped in front of Samuel and Hilda, Samuel reached out and hugged him. "Happy birthday brother." After hugging for her while, he turned and smiled at Hilda and introduced her to Christopher. "Chris, I'd like you to meet Miss Hilda Adams. You can call her Hilda. Hilda, I guess I don't have to introduce him to you."

Chris smiled and took Hilda's hand and kissed the back of her hand. "Nice to meet you Hilda. Welcome to my birthday party."

Hilda blushed at this act as she felt she couldn't breath being kissed by her celebrity crush. "My pleasure to meet you too.Happy Birthday." She said excitedly.

Nathan couldn't look on anymore as Chris was looking at Hilda like a rare jewel. He walked over and tapped him on the shoulder. "Happy birthday bro."

Chris hugged him and said. "Thank you brvh."

After thanking Nathan, Chris turned to Gloria andI joke."Miss
Gloria is back. I guess she was destined to be Mrs. Clemon after all."

As soon as Christopher said this, the other three's expression turned grim. Nathan's gaze darkened as he stare on Christopher and then moved his gaze to Hilda. Hilda already had her head lowered as she thought to herself. 'Maybe what Christopher said may be true. They are destined to be together forever. Hah, and what did I think? That Nathan would ever love me?'


Samuel had an awkward expression on as he looked between Nathan and Hilda. To him he thought, Nathan would be sure to kill someone today.

Gloria was the only one who was over the moon when she heard Christopher's words. She smiled and said. "Of course.I am the only one who could be Nathan's wife! Happy birthday Chris." She went ahead and hugged him too.

Hilda turned to Nathan expecting the latter to say something to refute Christopher's claim, but Nathan just stood there like he didn't care. To Nathan, he didn't care what other's think as Hilda was the only woman who could be his wife. But to Hilda she thought, hah why did he marry me then? I might as well prepare myself to be divorced soon.

Christopher then turned to Hilda. "Miss Hilda, would you do me the honor by dancing the first dance with me?"

Samuel froze after hearing Christopher's question. He tried to
signal Christopher that he was asking for the wrath of a lion as Nathan's gaze had darkened but Christopher was still not taking the bait.

He thought. oh God. please come to his aid and teach this morron a lesson. It seems like he doesn't want his party to continue anymore.

Hilda who was mad at Nathan for keeping mute after Christopher's comment was ecstatic as her celebrity crush was asking her to dance with him.

As she was about to reply, Nathan beat her to it and replied coldly on her behalf. "'She already has a date."

Hilda frowned after hearing what Nathan said. What did Nathan mean by she already had a date? He was already enjoying himself with Gloria and here he his trying to stop her from having some fun too her self.

She turned to Christopher with a bright smile."My date wouldn't mind me dancing the first dance with you. Or Samuel would you?"

Samuel was stomped by her sudden question as he thought,why would you two put me in between your fight. Samuel turned to look at Nathan whose gaze had darkened after Hilda pushed her question to him.

He laughed awkwardly. "Hahaha.. erm Chris, erm you know it wouldn't be a gentlemanly thing for you to snatch someone else's date right." As he was talking he was making eye contact
with Nathan but Chris didn't get the hint.

He held Samuel by the shoulder and said. "Don't worry.Just one dance."


After which he opened his palm for Hilda and said sweetly."Miss Hilda please."

Hilda turned to look at Nathan who had his arms in Gloria's grasp and placed her hand in Christopher's palm. She thought.You have your hand clasp in the hand of another woman right in front of your wife. You have no shame.

"Shall we?" Christopher asked as he gestured for Hilda who walked along side him.

When Nathan saw what was going to happen, he suddenly dropped a statement. "I will dance the first dance in your place buddy."

After saying that, Nathan let go of Gloria's hand and walked towards Christopher and Hilda. He took Hilda's hand from Christopher's grip and walked towards the center of the venue.

Christopher was stunned as to why Nathan would snatch his dance partner from him. He wanted to say something but Nathan and Hilda were already on the center stage.

All eyes were on Hilda and Nathan who were currently waiting for the music.

Nathan pinched Hilda's waist and lean towards her ears before
saying. "You are a married woman you shouldn't say yes to just any man."

Hilda sneered. "You are a married man but you are parading the venue with a lady in your arms. Have you no shame? So what right do you think you have to tell me what not to do?"

Nathan was stunned. It seemed like Hilda was angry but he thought otherwise as he thought he hadn't done anything wrong. He pinched her again on the waist. "I'm a man and you are a woman. There is a difference."

Nathan who was completely oblivious to the fact that Hilda was mad at him for keeping his silence earlier when Christopher passed that silly joke added salt to Hilda's wounds.

Hilda who was dancing in his arms missed a step and stepped on him when she heard his answer. "What did he mean by he is a man and me a woman?

So him being a man gives him the right to parade around the venue with a woman but it would be a crime for me to dance with the birthday celebrant. I never knew that the almighty CEO could be this unreasonable.

Hilda who was filled with rage completely after Nathan's remark was fuming with anger that she missed most of the dance steps and stepped on Nathan.

She cursed him inwardly. You jerk!

Nathan who had no idea what was going on in Hilda's mind
smirked and said. "You are a bad dancer."

Hilda's anger worsen as she began stepping on Nathan forgetting about the fact that they were still at the center of the stage and people had their eyes on them as they danced.
###Chapter 54

What is going on with them? They all thought. Gloria stared at Nathan and Hilda who seemed to be having fun as she stepped on him. She clenched her fists with envy evident in her eyes.

Samuel pulled Christopher to one side and told him about who Hilda was to Nathan. He looked at Samuel like he was about to cry and asked. "Why didn't you tell me about it earlier? I nearly walked into the lion's den."

"I tried to tell you but you weren't getting any of my hints."Samuel replied. That was when Christopher recalled that Samuel was trying to send him signals with his eyes but he thought something was wrong with his eyes.

In his mind he thought, 'What is wrong with Samuel's eyes? I might as well just finish my dance and ask him.' Thinking about it now, he knew he was dump to have thought that there was something really wrong with Samuel's eyes after all he was a doctor.

He turned to look at Hilda and Nathan who were still dancing it off on the stage and sighed. 'I would have been cut into pieces if I was to be the one dancing with Hilda now.' He thought.

Hilda who was still stepping on Nathan came to her senses after Nathan whispered in her ears. "There are people watching you. You can continue if you want." She froze before regaining her composure.
The music came to an end after some time. As they walked down the center stage, Gloria hurriedly walked to Nathan and held his hand. "How about you dance with me now?"

Nathan frowned and shook his head before saying coldly."I am tired."

Gloria had already expected this out come. She knew there was no way Nathan would make her happy. Her gaze landed on Hilda and she thought. 'It is all because of thisb∗tch!Who does she think she is? Just becausethe big four favors her she think she would be able to get close to Nathan.'

She then switched sides and stood in between Nathan and Hilda. Pushing Hilda away from Nathan. Hilda frowned at this but didn't show her displeasure.

Hilda smile and thought. 'I am really a fool.' After that she picked a glass of wine from a tray when a waiter passed by her and downed it in a gulp.

She then walked to Samuel and they began cracking jokes. A moment later, they heard Nathan's cold voice behind them. "I would be right back. You have some fun."

With that said, he walked away with Gloria still holding onto his arms like a koala holding onto a tree. Looking at their back,she saw Nathan and Gloria talking as they entered into one of the rooms.

Hilda stared at the door for what seemed like ages, but after twenty minutes or so, neither of them left the room.
She hesitated about walking over and knocking on the door but to her surprise, Samuel handed her a glance of champagne."Here." Samuel said.


It was pitch dark outside. Deafening music echoed around the island. And the thumping could be heard. Tons of celebrities undulated on the dance floor, hypnotized by the pulsing beats and pleasure.

Hilda took a look at the door where Nathan and Gloria had been in before taking the champagne from Samuel. "Thanks."

Her mind was millions of miles away thinking about what Nathan and Gloria were doing in that room that they were still not out. She thought. 'What are they doing in the room? Or I am being paranoid?'

Like a mind reader, Samuel leaned in and whispered in Hilda's ears. "You are not being paranoid. You just have to watch out for Gloria."


Before Hilda could say any thing, Samuel smiled and turned to have a chat with a friend who was currently engaging him in a conversation.


Hilda looked at the closed odor again and downed the glass of champagne. She then turned to Samuel. "I would be on the dance floor."

Samuel nodded and Hilda walked onto the dance floor. Once on the dance floor, Hilda shifted from the gentle,quiet and young girl into a hottie, seductive queen. She shimmied and
stepped in time to the music.

Because she wasn't the shy young woman anymore as she couldn't stop shaking and twerking it off on the dance floor.

Samuel who was looking at her was slowly mesmerized by her moves on the dance floor. He thought, Wooh, she is such a hottie."


Hilda who was dancing was completely hypnotized by the beat that she didn't notice that time had fled.

After a long time, she came back and stood beside Samuel with her spirits liftened but then she didn't notice Nathan.

She turned to Samuel and asked. "Nathan is still not out?"

Although she had a clear idea about the answer she was about to receive, she was a little optimistic that he wouldn't be in the room still.


But to her surprise, Samuel shook his head. "He is still not out.11


Hilda was getting agitated as she looked at the door that has been closed for God knows how long.

She looked at Samuel and asked."Can I go in there?"

Samuel shook his head. "Mrs. Clemon, I don't think it is a good idea."

He didn't know what Nathan and Gloria were doing room.
Although he wasn't thinking too far, he was sure he didn't want Hilda to see something that she wouldn't want to see.

"Let's wait for a little while. If they still don't come out, we can go in by then." Samuel added.

Hilda didn't want to wait any longer as the longer she stayed about, she knew they would be spending more timne together alone in the room.

After some few minutes, Nathan came out followed by Gloria who has a blush on her face. When Hilda caught sight of her husband, she frowned. She looked at him and felt like he looked different. Taking a closer look at Nathan's shirt, she noticed a lipstick stain on his collar. Hilda's blood began to boil at the sight.

It was a red lipstick stain and she turned to look at Gloria who was now wearing a pink lip gloss. Earlier before they arrived at the venue, at the harbor, Hilda recalled seeing Gloria with a red lip stick on so why is she wearing a pink one now.

Wild thoughts began going on in her mind as she thought about the number of hours they had been behind the door and what they have been up to.

Looking at how Gloria was blushing and the glow on her face coupled by the lipstick stain on Nathan's shirt and Gloria's new lip gloss, Hilda felt the urge to beat someone.

Looking around, she knew it would be a bad idea so she managed to keep her emotions in check before she turned to
Samuel and ignored Nathan. She voiced out a little loudly so Nathan could hear. "Samuel, I'm really tired. I want to go home."


Samuel turned to look at Nathan and then Gloria and then he also had the same thought. What the hell? Did Nathan actually make out with Gloria inthere?' Thinking about this,he understood why Hilda wanted to go home.

He turned to look at his watch and checked the time. It was past midnight. "Nathan, you leaving anytime soon?" He asked Nathan after Hilda said she wanted to go home and that she was tired.

Nathan nodded.

They then bid their fare well to the birthday celebrant and the other's they were familiar with. By the time they were ready to leave back home, it was past one am. Samuel joined Nathan's convoy this time around as Hilda held onto him and asked him to stay.

They all boarded the chopper and headed back together with Gloria still clinging onto Nathan. After a long ride, they finally got to the harbor and entered the ship back to X country.
###Chapter 55

When Hilda finally saw Nathan's Maybach parked close by after they arrived at the harbor,she breathe in a sigh of relief.

As they hadn't come in the same car together, Hilda thought Gloria would join her own car but to her surprise she heard Gloria saying shyly to Nathan. "Nate, I forgot to call my driver,can you drop me off at my place?"

Hilda's heart sank when she heard this. She knew for sure that there was no way Nathan would say no to this as it was already dawn. She watched at Gloria opened the passenger seat and sat down.

She smiled bitterly, an ex- fiancée rides shortgun and her the wife was suppose to sit in the back seat. Hilda was totally enraged. Her sleepiness had been banished by all what Gloria was doing.

She wanted to scream. 'No, I won't allow you to sit in front. It is either I sit in front or I'm not riding with you two.'But looking around, she found that Samuel was long gone after saying their bye's earlier and only Nathan's car was left.

Nathan opened the back door for Hilda after Gloria got in the passenger seat. Standing next to the door,he stretched out his right hand towards the door in a gesture of invitation as a sign of chivalry.

Hilda was totally enraged by the fact that he allowed Gloria to seat in the front seat whiles he opened the back seat for her.
She ignored him and opened the back seat door on the other side and got in.

Only then did Nathan notice that his wife was in a bad mood.He walked around the car and craned his head into the car and asked. "Are you okay?"

Hildaclosed her eyes and replied in a cold tone. "I'm okay.Just sleepy."

"Okay. Well, I would drop you off after dropping off Gloria."After he said that, he opened the driver's seat and sat down.

Hilda watched him as he started the car and sighed, He didn't understand her at all. The car speed down the road in the darkness. Sitting in the back seat, Hilda looked outside the window blankly, and wide awake.

The head lights of the other cars knifed through the gloom.Gloria who was in the passenger seat was striking up conversations with Nathan. It bothered Hilda so much that she wanted to stuff her ears.

Nathan didn't voice out much and only responded when he had to. He didn't seem all that perturbed by the situation but he never embarrassed Gloria by allowing awkward silence.

After a while, the car slowed down as it approached a large,fancy housing community. 'This must be where Gloria lives.'Hilda thought.

There were ten floors in each building. The skyseraper made
Hilda wonder whether she really deserves to be Nathan's wife?They came from two different world.

When the car came to a halt. Gloria was ready to get out when Nathan offered. "Wait up. It is dark and not safe for you to walk alone. I will walk you to your door."

Hilda was fed up with Nathan as she cursed Nathan inwardly.'You son of a b*tch! Is she your wife or am I your wife? Why do you care so much about her? Her building is right there!Only a heart beat from the car so how dangerous can it be?!There are even security guards patrolling the area,you jerk!.'

"Okay. Thank you Nate." Gloria said gratefully.

Nathan looked back at Hilda who was in the back seat only to notice she was fast asleep. She sat straight with her head on the seat and eyes closed. He assumed that she was fast asleep so not wanting to wake her up, he got down from the car without waking her up.

Hilda waited for Nathan for more than twenty minutes but there was still no sign of him. She was so furious that she started laughing. 'This b*stard is sleeping with her again. Hah!I guess they probably didn't have enough pleasure at the party.'

She wanted to explode as she was consumed by rage but she knew she couldn't bring herself to do that in front of Nathan.
Staying in the car was impossible as she didn't know when Nathan would be done with his pleasure.

She got out angrily and walked towards the entrance of the
community. Ten minutes later, her phone rang. Looking at the caller Id,it was Nathan. She sneered and picked it up. "Mr.Clemons, your ex-fiancée got in alright?"

"Where are you at?" Nathan didn't bother replying and asked.

"What did you expect? I left of course. Or you expected me to have stayed until you two are done havingS∗X?Or no,no,gone upstairs and watched how good you make her feel in bed?"Hilda blurted furiously.


For a moment, the other end of the line was silent. "Gloria is but just my ex- fiancée. Don't over think it." Nathan finally spoke.

"Huh?! Ex fiancée? I'm overthinking it you say? Mr. Clemon,think about what you did and ask yourself why I am mad!"Hilda replied sarcastically.

Nathan ignored her sarcasm and asked again. "Where are you at?" He wanted to explain everything in person.

"Don't bother to look for me." After saying that, Hilda hanged up.

Since it was a high end area, it was situated at a remote location. At that hour, there were few cars on the road but no taxi could be seen. Hilda attempted to call a taxi through an app on her phone. But as soon as she unlocked her phone,Nathan called again.

She hanged up on him and logged on to the app but Nathan
called again. He kept calling and interrupting her so much that she gave up on trying to get a ride.

Frustrated and angry, Hilda sat on the curb, glaring at the road.Then her phone rang again. It was Nathan again. This time she answered it and yelled angrily into the speaker. "Mr.Clemons, I never knew you were this thick skinned to keep calling my number like that. When you call someone and the person doesn't want to answer your call, it means that they do not want to talk to you. Get it?"

Nathan's patience run out and his face darkened. He was about to reply when he caught sight of a familiar figure sitting on the curb by the road side. He hung up the phone without saying a word.

Looking at her phone after Nathan hung up, Hilda smiled bitterly. 'This is unbelievable. How could he hung up on me like that? She thought to herself.

Soon a car drove over. Hilda stood up from the ground.The head lights were so glaring that she had to close her eyes and turn her head away whiles walking back wards. When the car stopped beside her, she recognized it to be Nathan's Maybach.

Nathan stepped out of the car, walked over to her and pulled her into his arms fiercely.

"Let goof me!" She tried to wriggle herself from his grasps but it was of no avail.

"Why are you doing this?" Nathan asked Hild as he didn't
understand her.

No woman had dared to act so difficult and so determine to have their own way. And on the other hand, he didn't understand what the woman was so furious about. To him, he thought she was just being so unreasonable.

"Why? You know why right? How dare I right?" Her sarcasm made Nathan think it was time for her to chillax.


Silently. Nathan tucked Hilda into the car and then buckled her seat belt after which he closed the door before striding to the driver's seat. But Hilda wasn't staying in the car silently. She had wanted to unfasten the seat belt when Nathan entered and locked the doors.

Neither of them spoke during the ride until when they were almost home when Nathan finally broke the silence. "If you are angry because of Gloria, then you don't have to be."

However, Hilda didn't reply him completely ignoring his presence, she closed her eyes and moved into a more comfortable position on her seat. She needed rest.
###Chapter 56

Hilda completely disregarded Nathan who was driving.She
closed her eyes and feigned sleeping. Arriving at home,immediately Nathan parked the car and turned off the engine,Hilda got down and walked into the house without looking
back.

Nathan stared at her back and frowned as he thought. 'This woman is such a headache. What am I suppose to do now?'

Eager to talk to her, Nathan followed her upstairs only to reach the bedroom and saw her walking out with a quilt and a pillow. She walked past him and entered the guest room shutting the door close.

Nathan stood there with a solemn expression on after the door was shut contemplating whether to let her be or talk it out with her. After some time he decided to talk it out with her.He walked towards the guest room door and pushed it open only to realize that it had been locked from inside.

He then knocked but there was no response. He knocked for some time more but there was still no response. He even tried to turn the door knob forcefully but it was a futile attempt.Frustrated, he checked the time and noticed it was three am.


Looking at the shut door one more time, Nathan resigned to the master's bedroom. He thought, 'Since it is late I might as well just let her rest. She might not be in a mood to talk to me at this time but hopefully, I'm sure she would be in a mood
after she has a good night sleep.'

With that thought in mind, Nathan walked back into the master's bedroom. In the master's bedroom,he took his shower before plumping on to his bed but he couldn't sleepno matter how hard he tried to justify him self about Hilda being mad at him.

Unable to sleep on the matter, he called Samuel and wanted to know what happened at the party after he left with Gloria into the room. And also told him about how Hilda had been in a bad mood since they came back, and how she had left for the guest room hoping that he could help him indicate what could have triggered her bad mood.

But Nathan left out some important part like how Gloria took the front seat and how he accompanied Gloria into her house and helped her out with a business proposal that she needed to submit earlier the next day.

As Samuel knew that NNathan didn't like Gloria and was disgusted by him, he didn't quiet understand what Nathan and Gloria had been doing behind the closed door at the party so he asked. "Bro, you and Gloria behind the close door at the party, did you two really.."

As Nathan caught the meaning behind his words, his gaze darkened and his voice turned colder. He then called out his name with an icy tone."Samuel!"

Samuel who was currently lying in bed felt shivers down his
spine when he heard Nathan yell his name with that icy voice."I didn't mean that." He said timidly.

Nathan asked indifferently."Did someone offend her on the island?"


Samuel thought back and shook his head. "No, not sure." He was sure no one would want to offend Hilda as they saw her walking with him into the venue. No one in their right mad would want to offend Samuel as they knew stepping on Samuel s toes meant inviting the wrath of thebig four.

Nathan thought for a while and said. "I don't really know what it is but I am sure it has got something to do with Gloria."He still recalled how Hilda had yelled angrily at him on the phone after he came back from Gloria's apartment.

"Oh, then I guess she is jealous. She has read too much meaning into the relationship between you and Gloria I guess.Just explain everything to her tomorrow morning and I'm sure she would understand. It's just her misunderstanding what's going on between Gloria and you." Samuel told him.

"I did. I did tell her that there is nothing between Gloria and I and that she is my ex- fiancée. If it hadn't been my grandpa who asked me to go to the party with her, I wouldn't have even let her any where closer to me." Nathan said feeling down.

"And then?" Samuel asked.

"She didn't say anything. She just went into the guest room and locked it without wanting to talkto me." Nathan replied
in a dejected tone.

It amused Samuel as to how a girl like Hilda was able to be a threat to the all knowing cold and aloof CEO. It was beyond his imagination that a woman would be able to give the indifferent CEO a sleepless night yet here they were,awake in the middle of the night mulling over the fact about why Hilda was mad.


Although Samuel started having wild guesses about how Hilda was being unreasonable, he knew within him that, Hilda wouldn't be that unreasonable. From their interactions earlier at the party, he knew Hilda had a thing for Nathan so being unreasonable wouldn't be the point unless...

Thinking about this Samuel giggled. "Buddy, I think she is the possessive type. She is jealous about the interaction between you and your ex- fiancée that is why she is angry. She wants you for just herself."

Hearing this, Nathan thought it made sense too but he didn't know how to respond to that. 'Has Hilda fallen in love with me?' He wondered.


Samuel who was on the line wondered why he had gone silent all of a sudden. "Bro, you there?"


Nathan snapped back to reality and said in a cold voice. "Hmm,it's late. Get some sleep." With that he hung up on Samuel still wondering if Hilda had fallen in love with him.

Samuel who was lying down on his bedH looked at his phone
after hearing the beeping sound. "So much for you to call me in the middle of the night. You are welcome." He murmured to himself. After that he fell on the bed and fell back asleep.
###Chapter 57

The next day, in Nathan's residence, Hilda had slept till late.When she woke up, it was past lunch time. Sitting on thebed,she looked around the room. It took her a moment to recall that they had arrived home in the middle of the night after leaving the birthday party.

Memories about what happened at the birthday party and how Nathan escorted Gloria into her house came flooding back into her mind. She smiled bitterly as she looked around.

She got up and freshened up before heading down stairs for lunch. When she got down stairs, she was treated with the sight of Nathan walking back home from outside.He had lots of shopping bags with him.

Hilda took a look at him and ignored him walking straight into the kitchen. When Nathan saw this, he frowned. Although he had expected this, he was a little optimistic that Hilda would be in a good mood when she wakes up.

Sighing, he placed the bags down in the hall and followed Hilda into the kitchen. With a smile on his face, he approached Hilda who was currently looking into the fridge and said."Pumpkin, your food is in the microwave. Let me heat it up for you."

Hilda who didn't get anything in the fridge, looked at him and went to sit in the dinning hall waiting for her food, Although she was giving Nathan the cold shoulder, she was really
hungry so there was no way she would reject his food.

She sat on the dinning chair and started playing with her phone. Nathan hurriedly heated her food and brought it to her like she was an empress and he was her servant. Seeing how nicely Nathan was treating her, Hilda had a bad feeling about it.

Although it is nice for a husband to pamper his wife, Hilda though Nathan was treating her nicely because he had done something wrong.

She looked at the food and then at Nathan who had taken a seat in front of her before picking up her fork to take a bite.He had served her with spam fried rice, BBQ chicken salad,Mac and cheese and sunny side up eggs. The same as what Samuel had brought for her the last time.

Looking at the food, she wondered whether Nathan had prepared it himself or he bought it earlier. Although she had wanted to ask, she decided not to as she was still mad at him.

Like a mind reader, Nathan looked at her who was wolfing down the food. "I prepared them by myself. How does it taste?"Yes, Nathan had prepared the food by himself. Although it didn't taste like any of his signature dishes, he knew by the way she was munching it that she liked it.

Although he knew how to cook, this wasn't part of his signature dishes so he had to google how to prepare all this.By the time he was done he was really exhausted.

Hilda just nodded and continued with her food. After she was
done, Nathan stopped her from doing the dishes. Hilda was surprised. She felt warm at how Nathan was treating her but her gut feelings told her that, 'Nathan is only acting nice because he had done something wrong. Maybe he really did sleep with Gloria.' Thinking about this, she felt her heart being shuttered.


Knowing very well that Hilda was still mad at him, Nathan was just trying his best to warm her heart. If he knew what was going on in Hilda's mind at this time, he wouldn't have tried all this.

Hilda sat in the hall after she was done eating and her eyes caught sight of the bags Nathan had brought in earlier. When she saw the logos on the bag, her eyes lit up. It was the logo of a fashion brand that she soo much loved but she had never been able to afford even one of their dresses for herself as their clothes were really expensive.

Nathan walked in at this moment and sat down right beside her. "Pumpkin, I got you some things."

Hilda looked at him without saying anything but the glint in her eyes told Nathan that she was looking forward to whatever it was.

He turned and started opening the bags. In it were all different styles of office wears for ladies. Hilda's eyes brightened up when she saw them. Although she wasn't working now,she had always dreamt about wearing one of the limited edition office wears and here, Nathan got them for her.
She was elated but recalling that she was still mad at Nathan,she turned and started fidgeting with her phone. Nathan had expected this too.

He didn't know what he had done wrong but he knew his next surprise might blow Hilda's mind away. With that thought in mind, he stood up and left for his study.

When Hilda saw him walking into his study, she frowned.Why did he get up when I'm still mad at him? He can't be mad at me or is he? I am the one who should be mad not him after how he showered Gloria with all his attention last night.'

Thinking about this, Hilda smiled bitterly. As she was still having all this wild thoughts, Nathan came back into the living room with a file in his hand.

"Pumpkin guess what. I have something for you." Nathan said.

Hilda was touched at how Nathan was trying his best to make her happy but her gut feeling told her that something wwas wrong. She knew there was no point for her to keep mum anymore so she asked. "What is it?"

Nathan smiled when she finally spoke to him. "Here open it."He then handed the files to Hilda. She was a bit curious as to what could be in the file too but then she looked up at Nathan."What's in it?"


"Just open it." Nathan replied with a sly smile.

Seeing him smiling like that, Hilda started having wild and
absurd thoughts. Could it be that he is angry with me and as already prepared a divorce? What? He already had a divorce prepared just in case Gloria came back. Hah, I have been a fool.But should I really open it? No I can't let him go just like that.'

With that thought in mind, Hilda got up and threw the file back at him. "If you think you can get it done with just like this, then dream on!" She yelled angrily and run up the stairs into the guest room shutting the door lock with tears threatening to fall at any moment.
###Chapter 58

Nathan frowned when he heard what Hilda just said.He looked up the figure running up the stairs and chased after her.Immediately he caught up with her at the door, Hilda slammed it shut almost hitting his face.

He gritted his teeth and called out Hilda's name in an icy tone."Hilda Adams!"


At this time, Hilda had slump down the door and was crying.Tears were pouring out her eyes as she thought about the file Nathan had given her. 'I am a fool to have believed him.He deceived me. He told me there was nothing like divorce unless I bring it up but here he is with the divorce.'

Hilda cried her heart out without paying any heed to all the warning Nathan was shouting out at the door. After being lock behind the door for time, Nathan decided to go for the spare key and open the guest door by himself.

He went into the master's bedroom and was about to take out the spare room door key when he frowned. 'Why is she so unreasonable? I did everything I could for her only for her not to appreciate. She didn't even open the file.' Thinking about this Nathan took out his phone and called Samuel. "Let's meet up at the usual place."

Samuel was astonished when he heard Nathan but before he could say anything, Nathan hung up. He had just walked out of an operation when he received the call. He walked into his
office and got change before calling Kyle and Christopher to join them at their usual place.

Hilda who had cried for a long time till her voice became hoarse stood up from the floor around dinner time. When she stood up, she looked up at the house she was in and tears tried streaming down her face again.

To her, happiness wasn't meant for her. How could 'God' be so cruel to her. She didn't know what she did to deserve this. She was betrayed by her sister and fiancée. Just when she thought she had found someone else she could rely on, she was about to lose him too.


She never intended to fall in love with Nathan but being by his side for the past few months, his actions warmed her heart that she had almost already gotten over Daniel. Their marriage didn't even last for three months and he already wants to go back to his ex-fiancée.


The family which she knew as hers, turned out to be another family who just picked her up after she was abandoned by her biological parents. Why was life being too cruel to her? Was this suppose to be her fate?

But she can't just let Nathan go like she did Daniel. No I can't.

Meanwhile in the VIP room of Kiki Bees Club, Samuel who was sitting across Nathan sighed as he watched him gulp down glass after glass of wine. He had never seen Nathan in such a pathetic state.
Christopher and Kyle were also in the room. Each had a woman in his arms as they enjoyed themselves. Samuel was the only one who knew what was eating Nathan up for him to be in this poignant state.

He sighed before asking. "Are you really going to get drunk because of a woman?"


Nathan remained inert and just gulped down another glass without sparing a single glance at Samuel.

Samuel continued. "You know Hilda..."

The moment Nathan heard Hilda's name, he tightened his grip on his glass. He shot daggers at Samuel and bang the glass on the table. In a cold tone he roared. "I don't want to talk about her!"

When Samuel, Christopher and Kyle together with the ladies heard Nathan's icy roared they became scared stiff. 'D*mn' they all thought. No one dared to make a sound.

Christopher and Kyle immediately saw the seriousness of the matter. At first when Samuel had called them to come out and have a drink at their usual spot, they didn't understand why Nathan would have a drink all of a sudden. But now, looking at how icy his tone was when Samuel mentioned Hilda,they knew it has something to do with Hilda.

They ushered the ladies out and turned to Samuel, looking for answers.
When they heard what Samuel said they both frowned. Who could have thought that Nathan had already developed feelings for Hilda?


"So now why are we here if you don't want to talk about her?"Kyle asked as he took a sip of his wine.

"Yeah. You know, I didn't think Hilda would be that unreasonable maybe there is a misunderstanding." Christopher piped in. Although he hadn't have any interactions with Hilda.from how she looked and what he had heard about her,he didn't think that she would be that unreasonable.


"She is clearly being unreasonable. I even presented her with the fifty one percent shares I bought from the Cross group to her. But you know what she did? She threw it back at me."Nathan said clearly bitter. He had never been this somber even when it came to him losing hundred of millions business transaction.


"Did she open it?" Samuel asked as he didn't understand why Hilda would throw the ownership shares of Cross group back into his hands. Even if she didn't want his money, she had to be grateful.

"She didn't even bother to take a look at what was inside!"Nathan said with a bitter smile. After everything I did. He thought.

"That's why. She might have misunderstood what was inside the file for there was no way she would have reacted that way."
Samuel said. The more he thought about it, the more he thought his guess was right. Because who in their right mind wouldn't be thrilled to received that kind of gift?

Nathan then thought back to how Hilda reacted when she received the file. 'Yes, she might have misunderstood.Because the words she used meant something else.'

"She is just being unreasonable. Let her be. She doesn't even compare to Gloria." The moment Christopher finished his sentence, Nathan's cold gaze fell on him.

"The next time I hear you compare my wife to Gloria again.you wouldn't like it." Nathan said coldly before staggering out of the room shutting the door with a loud bang.
###Chapter 59

"Wooh, that was fierce!" Christopher said as he watched Nathan walk out of the private room.

Samuel got up and shouted at the closed door. "Hey,you asked us here but you leaving without saying anything just like that?"

The response he got was just silence. He sighed and got up. "T m leaving." He then walked towards the door.

"Is that how to leave?" Kyle stared at his back as he frowned before following suit. If Samuel hadn't called him, he wouldn't have even come out as he had a lot to do.

When Christopher saw them leaving one after the other, he cursed. "So much for asking if that was how to leave yet you are al doing same. Who is going to pay for the drinks?"

"It's on Nathan." Samuel said before walking out with Kyle.

Christopher sat back on his chair as he thought. Gloria is far more prettier than Hilda and she is also of the same social status as Nathan. So why would he go in for a girl from a middle class family? No, I Can't let this happen to Gloria.'

With that thought in mind, he stood up and left.

At the hospital, Gloria was sweet talking the Patriarch about how Nathan and her could reignite their feelings for each other if only she was able to become Nathan's personal assistant.
Although she had her company to look after,she could delegate her work to the board of directors and join the Clemon Group for the time being.

The Patriarch thought what she said made sense. After all, that would make her come into contact with Nathan very often so he would fall in love with her again. In that case too,she could also get a little knowledge about the Clemon Group even before she becomes Mrs. Clemon. With this thought in mind, the Patriarch readily agreed. "Don't worry. I would talk to Nathan.You can start work tomorrow then."

"Thanks grandpa." Gloria said sweetly. After spending some more time chatting with the Patriarch, she left. After all,her objective for coming to the hospital was done.

Meanwhile, in Nathan's residence, Hilda was lying on the floor in a daze when the door was pushed opened. She looked up and saw Nathan then walked inside. Seeing the sorry state Hilda was in, he hurried over to pick her up from the floor in a bridal style before putting her on the bed. "Pumpkin..."

"Hmm" Hilda held his neck and didn't want to let go. With tears in her eyes, she looked Nathan in the eyes. "Nathan, I don't want to loose you.. I, I.. I know we married without love but I don't want to let you go. I love you. I have fallen for you."Hilda confessed to Nathan with tears streaming down her face.

Nathan looked at her loving and kissed her forehead as he thought back to earlier. Did she think I was going to leave her?
He smiled and replied. "Don't worry. You would never loose me. I am all yours. I love you too." And then he wiped the tears off her cheeks.

Hilda looked Nathan in the eyes as she was in disbelief. Did he just confess to me? What about Gloria? She wanted to ask about Gloria when Nathan who had taken in all the changes of her facial expression sealed her lips with his. He kissed her for sometime till when Hilda couldn't breath before letting her go.

After catching their breathe for a while, Hilda looked him in the eyes and took the initiative to kiss him back. They kissed passionately as Nathan had his hand stroking her fair body.Hilda felt herself burning at every touch of Nathan's.

It was a long and relentless kiss as Hilda held on to Nathan's body. Their bodies were so close and Nathan's arms were wrapped completely around Hilda's waist. He buried his head in Hilda's neck pressing kisses there too.

Hilda felt her body burning after every kiss, she moaned at his every touch. This got Nathan turned on. Nathan wasted no time as he help Hilda out of her dress. Hilda did same andI for the next two hours, the master's bedroom was filled with Hilda's moans.

Clothes scattered everywhere. Hilda layed on Nathan's chest as she drew strokes on his chest. "Nathan..." She murmured.


"Hmm?" Nathan looked down at her. But Hilda shook her head. "Alright let's go freshen up. Nathan tried getting up but
Hilda wouldn't allow him. He was amused as he asked. "Are you not hungry?"

At that question, Hilda felt her stomach rumbling. She wanted to shake her head but she gave in. "Hmm. I can't walk. You would have to carry me." She said shyly.

"Yes, my queen. Your wish is my command." Nathan mused before picking Hilda up from the bed in to the bathroom.

Hilda blushed scarlet red as Nathan put her into the tab after filling it and joined her. "Why are you in..."

"I'm also hungry. It would save time and water if we bath like this." Nathan tried to be rational with her.

Hilda smiled sheepishly. She wasn't expecting that reply.

After half an hour, They were out of the bath tub. Nathan cleaned Hilda up before picking her up back on to the bed.Hilda looked at him and smiled foolishly as she thought.'It feels so good to be treated like a queen.'

Nathan looked at her who was so happy and said mischievously. "Don't you think I deserve a reward for carrying you up and back?"

"Huh?" Hilda snapped out of her daze. What did he mean by me rewarding him.

"Of course you got to pay your servant." Nathan raised an eye brow at her.
Hilda smiled slyly and asked. "So what do you want?"

"Erm..." Nathan did as if he was thinking about something and the leaned closer to Hilda who was sitting on the bed."
How about we do this after we come back? What do you think?11


Looking at his gaze which were filled with lust, Hilda thought.'What a pervert.

Smiling she replied. "It depends on whether your work would be satisfying enough."

"Oh? You want to try?" Nathan said while cupping her chin in his hands.

"Sure." With that said she locked her arms around his neck.

Nathan looked at her and sighed. "How about after we are done with our meal MIrs.Clemons?"

Hearing the way Nathan called her, she blushed before pushing him away. "I need to get dressed." She hurriedly walked into her walk in closest.


Nathan smile as he looked at her back and thought. 'My Pumpkin.'

She went into her wardrobe and choose a pink halter neck dress that reaches to her knees. Black heels and a purse that matches just like her dress. She did a little bit of makeup before heading out to meet Nathan who was already waiting
for her in the living room.

Nathan was in a smart black suit looking all dapper.

She walked and placed her hands on his shoulder."Mr.Clemons, you are looking really dashing." Hilda complimented
him.

Nathan smiled and pulled her in for a hug. "Mrs.Clemon,you looking really pretty. I can't wait for the whole world to know that you are my wife." Nathan replied as he looked at her with gaze burning with love.

Hilda looked into his eyes and noticed his gaze full of affection locked on her. She shyed and turned her head away. "Let's get going Mr. Clemon." With that said. she walked towards the door still holding onto Nathan.
###Chapter 60

Nathan drove steadily on the street as they headed off to a hotel to have dinner. Hlilda behaved unusually sweet to him.During dinner, she asked him about work and how is day was on a usual. She picked up his food for him and even massaged is back for him diligently even though Nathan told her there was no need to.


When they both sat down to eat, Nathan filled her plate with some food and said. "Have these, they are really tasty."

She was happy as she chewed on her food. As she was eating.she thought about something and raised her head to look at him before asking. "How about we catch a movie after this?"

"Okay." Nathan agreed readily.

His response came as a pleasant surprise to Hilda. She was thrilled. But before she could swallow the next bite on her food.Nathan said. "We are watching a horror movie this time around."

"N- N- No!" She objected desperately with her eyes wide open filled with horror. She had seen a horror movie before and there was no way she would want to watch another. Her legs started trembling as memories of the previous movie started surfacing in her head.

Once she had gone to a cinema to watch a horror movie. The movie was so scary that she couldn't bring herself to finish watching. She was so terrified by the movie so much that she
had to close her eyes and stuff her ears with an ear piece during the entire movie.

When she raised her head to the end of the show, she saw creepy, crawling things with scary background being dismembered in the dark with blood spilling out and spooky music playing in the background.

Even the slightest touch frightened her. This became her ultimate fear, both existentially and psychologically.

At this point, Hilda knew Nathan already know about her ultimate fear. All of a sudden, the tasty and mouth watering food tasted incredibly band. "Is there any way we could watch a different movie?" Hilda asked.


Nathan looked up at her before adding more food to her plate."This depends on your performance." He replied in a husky voice.

After she heard his husky voice, an idea dawned on her. She stood up from her chair and stood behind Nathan's chair. She then locked her arms around his neck. She then gave him a peck on his neck.

This would definitely help make him change his mind about the movie. She thought. However, the man's face darkened and he frowned. He called her name out. "Hilda Adams!"

"Huh?" Hilda was shocked at his sudden outburst.

"Did you wipe your mouth after eating?" Nathan asked.
Hilda looked elsewhere than his eyes and bit her lips. That hadn't occurred to her. She knew a certain someone was a clean freak and she had made an innocent mistake. But it was too late for her.


She quickly let go of him and drew a tissue to wipe her mouth when it hit her that it might be wiser to wipe a certain some one's neck first.


So she gentle wiped her husband's neck with a grin playing on her lips before wiping hers.

After throwing the tissue into the bin, she wrapped her arms around his neck from behind again and asked. "So do we get to watch a different movie with my performance?"

"I didn't feel any sincerity from the kiss. And perfunctory kisses do not satisfy me." Nathan said calmly.

Frustrated.Hilda buried her face in his neck and rubbed it back and forth. Her breath drifted lightly against Nathan's skin.Nathan's hand stopped mid air has he was about to put food in his mouth. 'This woman is definitely doing this intentionally.He thought.

He slowly put his cutlery down and wiped his mouth and hand with a clean and wet napkin. The next second, he reached out and pulled Hilda into his arms.

Hilda fell into his arms and sat on his laps. She looked at the door of the private room nervously, with her face blushing bright red1. Although it was a private booth and no one would
come in unless asked to, she was still nervous. 'What if someone enters?' She thought.

Nathan took her hand in his and pulled her in for a deep kiss on the lips even before she could say anything. His tongue was restless in her mouth as he explore her mouth. His breathing became heavier and heavier with each passing time of the kiss.They were so passionately entangled in the kiss that they both couldn't bring them self to stop.

Nathan paused with his lips still hovering over Hilda's lips and asked in a husky voice. "Let's go home, shall we? We can catch the movie tomorrow."

"Yes." Hilda replied in a breathless voice. Her reply came swift as she was aware of what he meant by that.

Compared with watching a horror movie, kissing Nathan sounded like a much better choice. So she agreed to it without thinking when Nathan suggested that they head home.

Nathan didn't wait for her to finish dinner before pulling her into his embrace and walking out of the private booth.

What would be happening after they got home was way too exciting for Hilda. Too embarrassed to look at Nathan,she kept her head down and pretended to play with her phone, flushing as she thought about the impending scene ahead of her.

When they were about to arrive at Nathan's residence,Nathan's phone rang suddenly. Hilda raised her head and saw the caller Id of the person calling on the LED screen of the vehcle back
up camera. It was Nathan's grandfather. The Patriarch.

Nathan immediately answered the call. "Hi grandpa."

The Patriarch's anxious voice came from the other end."Nate,there are some people tailing Gloria's car at this moment. They seem to be going for her. She had been trying her best to loose them but they keep tailing her, You need to go check her out now."


Nathan's face darkened with fury when he heard what the Patriarch said. "Why should I do that grandpa? And I'm kind of busy at the moment too."

"What could keep you busy at this time when Gloria is in trouble? You know she is my guest and your fiancée. Her grandfather is my good friend and you would be getting engaged to her soon. You need to go and rescue her now because if anything happens to her, I wouldn't let you off."The grandpa yelled furiously into the receiver before hanging up.

When Hilda heard the grandpa's words, the exciteness and sweetness in her heart had died away.

"That was my grandpa. But don't take his words seriously,I would never get married to Gloria. Only you can be my wife."Nathan said hurriedly before steering the wheel to the direction the Patriarch had sent him.
###Chapter 61
"Wait. Just let me get off here at the roadside." Hilda said. She didn't intend to see Gloria or intend to stop Nathan from going.



Nathan looked at her and sensed the change in her mood but he didn't know what she was unhappy about. "Pumpkin, if those tailing Gloria get their hands on her, it would be very bad." He explained patiently.

But Hilda didn't reply to him. She just asked him to go alone."I know. But it would be bad for me to tag along. Don't you think so? What if I slow you down?" She tried to explain.

Hearing what she said made sense, Nathan brought the car to a stop as he watch her get a cab. "Be careful out there. I would be back soon." He said before driving off to the location he received.

When he arrived at the location, he noticed that a car was going after Gloria's car at top speed, but her body guards were trying their best to loose it. He stepped on the gas pedal as he speed towards the direction of the unknown car.

He rammed his car into the back of the car following Gloria's car. He then stepped on the brakes as he slowed down making a creaking sound. The unknown car which suffered the hit summersaulted and came to her stop abruptly and completely caved in as it crashed into a pit by the side of the road.

Following that, two men each barely recognizable as they both
had blood spilling from the head wriggled their way out of the caved in car. They both had wounds on their bodies as the crash was really fatal.

Nathan got out of his car and walked towards the car that had fallen into the pit. Noticing that the car had stopped tailing them, Gloria and the other bodyguards were baffled to see Nathan as they turned back.

"Nathan? What's he doing here?" Gloria hadshock written all over her face when she saw Nathan. "Stop the car!" She ordered immediately.

"But ma'am, they..." The driver tried to sound her out as it would be bad if things go south but Gloria yelled at him furiously even before he could finish his sentence. "I said stop the car!"

Gloria ran out of the car as soon as it came to a halt. "Nathan!Nathan!" She yelled his name as she run towards his direction.

Nathan turned and stared at her who was running towards him and frowned. "Don't come any closer."He ordered coldly.

Gloria halted her steps after hearing his cold tone. What did he mean by I should not come any closer. She was confused but thinking about the situation at hand, she understood.

Nathan didn't want her getting into danger. She thought to herself.

They looked at the damaged car and looked to each other
before taking to their heels. Nathan who was almost close to the car cursed under his breathe."D*mn it!" But before he could do anything. the car exploded catching fire immediately.

"No!" Gloria shouted when she heard the explosion. She covered her mouth with her hand and tried to run towards the direction where Nathan was before the explosion happened but her bodyguards held onto her.


"Let me go! Nathan! Let me go!" She yelled as tears streamed down her face. "Nathan! Nathan!"


"Ma'am.come down! Mr. Clemon would be fine. As you can see the fire is still blazing. You can't go in there now." The bodyguard explained.

"But..., but..., Nathan? No, no, no. Nathan would be fine. I know he would be. She mumbled under her breathe.

Meanwhile in an abandoned factory in the outskirt of town,a man in an all black suit with a mask on shouted at two men who were currently kneeling in front of him in an intimidating voice. "How could you let such a thing happen? I told you to just bring the woman and you couldn't fulfill such a simple task?"

"Boss, we didn't know the driver of her car was such a skillful driver. We tried our..." One of the men kneeling tried to explain the turns of event but was cut off even before he could.

"Shut up! I don't want to know how useless of a driver you are. Are you sure you left no clues behind?" The man with the
mask on asked.

"No we didn't." The man who was cut off earlier hurriedly answered.

"What about the other two who were left in the car?"

"Boss, the car exploded with them still being in it. So yes,everything is clean. We didn't leave any traces as they ain't from this country either. They are refugees." The other guy who was kneeling replied.

"Okay. That's good! But what about Mr. Clemon?" The man with the mask on continued asking.

"He tried getting closer to the car before the explosion took place. I ain't too sure but I'm sure he won't be able to appear unscathed for now."

"I said I wvanted him dead not unscathed. I would send the remaining money into your accounts. You should hurry and leave the country as soon as possible. I would get in touch with you when I want to."

With that said, the man with the mask on turned around and walked out of the factory.

Hilda who just got home and was playing with her phone had a bad feeling surfacing within her. She was feeling rather anxious all of a sudden that she could not explain.

Why am I feeling this way?' She frown as she thought about it.
She got up and walked towards the kitchen. She poured her self a glass of water but before she could take a sip, the glass fell from her hand hitting the ground and shattered into pieces.

She looked at the shattered glass as uneasiness started creeping inside of her. She had a bad feeling within her as if something bad was about to happen. Then she turned and looked around the kitchen.

Why am I feeling this way? No! No! No! Nathan...' She then shook her head. Why am I thinking about something like this had this time. Nathan is just going to... it then dawned on her.He is going to save his ex- fiancee and here I am thinking something might be wrong.

Hah!

She then swept the broken glasses and mobbed the floor before heading upstairs totake a shower.
###Chapter 62

"Move! Move! Move!" The voice of the nurses could be heard as they pushed two stretchers each with a person on in the hospital corridor with great speed into the operating room.

On one of the stretcher was a man and the other was a woman.The woman had her eyes closed with an oxygen mask on without any external injury visible where as the man was badly injured with his head wounded and bleeding with blood dripping out. His shirt had dyed a blood red color with blood as he had wounds all over his body.

"Quick get the doctor here. He has lost a lot of blood hurry!"One of the nurses yelled inside the ICU as they were trying their best to save the man who was on the verge of death.

Meanwhile Samuel who had just gotten home heard his phone ringing when he was just about to eat the takeaway package he bought from outside. 'Who the hell would call me at this time.'He cursed under his breathe before reaching out for his phone.But upon seeing the caller Id he stood up hurriedly with a serious expression on and answered. "What is it?"

"Doc, I have been trying to reach you on the office number but I couldn't. There is an emergency here and the other doctor is still in surgery so we need you now." The person on the other line replied.

"Okay, I would be there." With that Samuel hurriedly took his car keys and walked out of his house with haste.
Half an hour later, Samuel hurriedly ran into his office and changed into his sterile surgical gown. He then proceeded to wash his hands,decontaminating his hands, and wore a pair of sterile gloves. After wards, he rushed into the ICU.


At that moment, the nurses and a doctor were already on with the first aid before surgery. He went over to help but the next thing was him rushing over to patient readily. 'Nathan?'


The man looked a lot like Nathan. Taking a closer look, he gripped the man's shoulders. "N- Na- Nathan?" He shuttered as he called out to him. How could this be? What happened?We were all in the bar earlier when he left so what happened?Countless thoughts ran through Samuel's mind as he held onto Nathan's shoulders.


He tried pattering him just to get him to wake up as he couldn't believe it. "Nathan, Nathan wake up. Wake up!" He yelled.

The other doctor and nurses in the ICU were shocked to their core when they saw how pale Samuel looked. He was really agitated. They hurriedly tried to pull him away. "Doc,you shouldn't be doing this we are in the middle of an operation."

"Doc, Doc...." The nurses tried to sound him out.

He snapped back to his senses after being irrational. 'I have to save Nathan. I can't let him die.' He thought.

"Cough, cough." He then coughed and apologized to the nurses and doctor. "My bad. Let's proceed." With that, he took charge of the surgery. But some few minutes into it, Samuel's eyes
became misty. Looking at the amount of blood Nathan wvas losing and how is heart was palpitating, he became nervous.He couldn't bring him self to continue the operation.

His hands were shaking so much that he couldn't even hold any of the surgical instruments.

"Doctor Samuel, please let me continue wwith the surgery. Wait outside. We gonna be done soon." The doctor came over and held his hand ushering him out because of his initial reaction when he saw the patient. But he shook his head.

"No, no.. no. I have to save N- Nathan." He stuttered as he stared at Nathan who was lying on the bed unconscious.

The nurses and doctor in the operating room where all moved to tears as they had never seen Samuel acting this fragile.Samuel had always been full of smilesat work. But looking at him who looked like he could break down at any minute, they all had a look of sadness in their eyes.

At this moment, the other doctor had finished with his surgery and had come to join them in the operating room.

"What's going on here?" As soon as he entered, he noticed his co doctor had held onto Samuel trying to get him out of the operating room.

"Samuel, doctor Greece is here so you might as well take a break out there. We would continue with the surgery now."The doctor in the operating room with Samuel tried to sound him out.
Samuel looked at Nathan who was lying on the operating room table with all kinds of tubes inserted into him and his tears slide down his cheeks.


The other doctor who had just walked in rushed over to Samuel when he noticed that he was shedding tears. "Sammy,are you alright?"

Samuel held onto his hands and looked into his eyes and in a desperate tone he spoke up while stuttering. "Gr.. Greece, I would leave Nathan Clemon into your hands. Please savehim."Sob.Sob.

Samuel's tears streamed down his face. He had never shed tears even in his most desperate moments. But looking at Nathan who was lying on the operating table half dead,he couldn't bring himself to stop his tears.

Nathan had been with him since they were young. Never in his wildest moment had he thought that there would be a day were he would have to perform a surgery to save him.

Nathan's life was on the line at this time. He turned and took a look at him once again. Who would have thought that Nathan would end up like this just after leaving the club earlier.

Thinking about the reason why Nathan was at the club and the way he looked when he left, he couldn't help but grit his teeth. "That d*mn woman! I would never let her off if anything happens to Nathan. I swear!"

He spoke through gritted teeth before turning to walk out of
the operating room leaving the other doctors to continue.

Doctor Greece who was about to reply to Samuel was stunned when he heard from him that the person lying on the table half dead was Nathan Clemon. The other nurses and doctor was also stunned.


Who would have thought that the person lying on the table was Nathan Clemon himself? The man who was feared by everyone. They wasted no time in continuing with the surgery.
###Chapter 63

Samuel walked out of the operating room with heavy feet and moist eyes. He wanted to stay strong but he knew with how Nathan was and how much blood he had lost, it would only be a miracle which could save him.


"That d*mned woman!" He said through gritted teeth. To him.it was all Hilda's fault as Nathan had passed by the club earlier because of her. No woman had been able to get Nathan to drink that much alcohol like Hilda.


He walked into the corridor and was greeted with the sight of the Clemon family members rushing into the corridor.

Mrs.Leah Clemons was held by her husband as she was crying."I hope Nathan is fine. My dear baby..." She noticed Samuel immediately she finish speaking and rushed to hold onto him.

"Samuel, Nathan would be fine right?" She held onto Samuel's hand while shaking it.

"Tell me something Sammy! My baby would be alright right?"She asked again in between sobs.

She was home after spending the entire day at the hospital with the Patriarch only to receive a call that Nathan had gotten into an accident. She couldn't bring her self to imagine her son being in pain and the thought that she was about to loose her only child.

How she wish she could change their place right now. She
would have wanted to be the one in the operating room and not Nathan.

"Nathan, Nate, Nate..." sobs.

Samuel forced a smile and looked at Mrs. Leah Clemon."Mom.Nathan would be alright. It as just a minor accident. Nothing serious. You know you are not that well at the moment so do not stress yourself. Nathan would be well. The doctors are checking to make sure he didn't get any major injuries."

Mrs. Clemon looked at Samuel and asked. "Are you for real?But the nurse earlier said he was in a serious condition and that he is unconcious and and that that he he..." She couldn't bring herself to continue her sentence.

The nurses from earlier when Mr. and Mrs. Clemon were rushing into the hospital corridor were whispering among themselves when one spoke up. "Mr. Clemon is in a dangerous situation now as he had lost a lot of blood. Only a miracle could save him now."


She didn't dare to believe what the nurses said but when she saw how dejected Samuel was, she knew for a fact that Nathan might be in a serious situation.

Samuel's bitter smile spread to his ears and he said. "Don't pay attention to this nurses. They know nothing. Nathan would be alright."

Samuel laughed in his head as he wanted to believe his own words but he couldn't even do that. He knew these words were
just words of comfort to not only Mrs. Clemon but he wanted to also be comforted by those same words.

'Nathan would be alright.

Mr. Clemon came forward and held onto Mrs. Clemon. "See.Samuel said he would be alright. Calm down. Nathan would be fine."

The other members from the Clemon family all had different wishes in their head. Most of them just wished Nathan wouldn't be able to make it out so they all could have a piece of the Clemon Group.




Hilda who had been feeling uneasiness since earlier was tossing and turning in bed. She took her phone and looked at the time.It was passed mid night and Nathan was still not back.

She then sat on the bed and tried calling his number. She tried for 5 times but still she couldn't reach him. She then stood up and walked to the kitchen to drink water asshe thought.

What at all is Nathan still up to? He should have gotten rid of those after Gloria by now or something bad had happened?.

As she kept thinking about the possibility of something bad happening to Nathan, she could not help but think about the bad premonition she had earlier before she went to take her bath.
'No, no, no! I'm sure Nathan is alright. There is nothing wrong.He might just be late.' She kept comforting herself as she paced back and forth in the living not thinking about taking the water no more.


She proceeded to call his number again but it was still the same magnetic voice. 'The number you have dialed can not be reached. Please call back later.'

She began feeling anxious. She paced back and forth till she couldn't anymore and thought about Samuel. She recalled having received Samuel's number from Nathan who told her anytime she was in trouble and couldn't reach him, she should call Samuel.

She hurriedly dialed Samuel's number.

At this time in the hospital, Samuel who had dropped down on the floor since he came out of the operating room was lifeless as he stared at the operating room door.

It has been two hours and the light outside the operating room was still on. As a doctor himself, he saw the critical condition Nathan was in and he knew that it was only a miracle that could save him now.

He wasn't the one that prays pray but at the moment all he was saying within himself was for God to save Nathan.

'Dear God, please save Nathan.' This sentence was all he had in him.
The corridor was silent as every one had their eyes on the operating door. They all had their wishes as majority didn't want him surviving.

Suddenly, a ring reverberated around the corridor. Everyone turned and looked at Samuel.

He was confused with the gazes on him as he was still lost in thought till Mrs. Leah Clemon called out to him. "Samuel. your phone is ringing."

He snapped back from his daze and walked away from the corridor with his phone. "Excuse me." He took his phone and walked into his office. It was an unknown number. As that was his personal number and not many people knew it, he was surprised by the sudden unknown number.

He hesitated and just hen he was about answering it, the ringing stopped. He slumped down into his chair with teary eyes. But at the next moment, his phone rang again. He looked at the Id and noticed it was the unknown number from before.

He then pressed the answer button and brought the phone to his ears. Before he could say anything, he heard a mild and anxious voice of a woman.

"Hello Samuel... It is me Hilda." Came from the other end.

The moment he heard the voice, Samuel's face immediately contorted into a deep frown. His gaze then darkened and the air around him turned chilly. It had been a while since he had that expression on him but now, that voice on the other line
was able to trigger his furious demeanor.
###Chapter 64

How dare she call me after what she had done.' Samuel thought with an enraged expression on. He gritted his teeth and asked indifferently in a cold tone. "How did you get my number?"

"Nathan gave it to me. He asked me to call you whenever I couldn't reach out to him when it is urgent." Hilda spoke from the other end of the line.


"So what now? Are you calling to find out if he is dead and not? I swear, if anything happens to Nathan. I would never let you off believe me on this." Samuel threatened.

Hilda was stomped by the sudden aggressive and threatening tone of Samuel and most importantly his words."Wha.. wh..what do you mean by if something happens to Nathan?" She stuttered.

To Samuel. she was pretending to know nothing. His voice got more colder as he threatened yet again. "I would never let you off if anything happens to Nate. Pray he survives or else,you would know why no one dares to cross me." He hanged up immediately afterwards not giving Hilda any chance to say anything.

Hilda who was currently in the living room was stomped as she started feeling desperate. What did Samuel mean by that?Did something happen to Nathan? What's going on? What should I do? She was distressed as she paced up and down
not knowing what to do.

She tried calling Nathan's number again again but still the mechanical voice keeps telling her it couldn't be reached. She found her eyes becoming moist as she thought about the possibility of something happening to Nathan.

'But that is impossible. Nathan just went to save Gloria from...That was when it hit her. Nathan went to save Gloria earlier.Did something bad happen? But why did Samuel threaten her?

All kinds of thoughts were running through her head and then she immediately reached for her phone. She then dialed a number.

Stanley who had received the news about what had happened to his boss was currently on his way to the hospital as he prayed that nothing happens to his boss. Although Nathan was known as the devil, he who has been with him since he took over the Clemon Group knew that underneath that cold and ruthless face, there was a heart full of gold.

His phone suddenly rang. He picked it up and noticed it was Hilda. He hurriedly answered as he knew how important Hilda was to Nathan. "Hello Mrs. Clemon..."

"Stanley, have you heard from your boss? I have been calling him but can't reach him. Can you tell me if something is wrong?" Hilda asked allthis in a single breath as she was nervous. She wanted to believe that Nathan was alright but with what Samuel said, she knew for sure that something was
up.

"Mrs. Clemon, Mr. Clemon was met with an accident earlier when he went to save Miss Gloria. He is currently at the hospital and I'm on my way there." Stanley replied in a wobbly voice.

Hilda's face turned pale with panic as she slumped down onto the ground. She was petrified. She stood motionless on the line without saying a word.

Stanley who was on the other end of the line was flustered as Hilda was silent on the line. He could hear her breathe. She was breathing at a fast rate. At this, he became frightened."Mrs. Clemon? Hello..?"


There was still no response. He started thinking about the worse happening to Hilda, he started cursing himself in his head. I shouldn't have told her that. "Mrs. Clemon, you still on the line?"

Hilda who couldn't find her voice had tears falling down her cheeks as she tried her best not to seem weak. In a weak voice,she spoke up. "I'm still here. How come? How did it happen"

Stanley felt his heart broken when he heard Hilda's voice and how she was trying her best for him to not hear her crying. "Mrs. Clemon, I don't have any idea yet. I am now on my way to the hospital. I would be sure to let you in on anything I find."

"Which hospital? I would meet you up there now." Hilda got
up from the ground rushing into the bedroom to get changed.

Stanley panicked. He would want Hilda to be with his boss as they are married now but he knew for a fact that it would be a disaster if she was at the hospital this time. "Mrs. Clemon, I do not think that that is a good idea." Stanley said hurriedly.

Hilda who was rushing up the stairs halted her steps. "What do you mean? Stanley, that's my husband. If I can't be there when he is hurt where else can I be?"

"Mrs. Clemon, that's not what I meant. I.. I.. I.." Stanley didn't know how to convince her. He knew it would be bad if he says what he had in mind. Although Hilda is married to his boss.it is only a few people who knows about their marriage.

"There is nothing for me to understand. You need to tell me which hospital he is at now." Hilda ordered him.

"Mrs. Clemon, it is not like I do not want to tell you which hospital he is been admitted at but because, the members of the Clemon family would be there and you know your marriage his still a secret. It would be bad for them to find out about it under this condition. I would be sure to keep you updated on Mr. Clemon. For now, just stay at home and wait for my call."Stanley hurriedly explained.

Hilda who was already in the master's bedroom paused for some time before smiling bitterly. Who would have thought that because I decided to hide my marriage, I wouldn't be able to be with Nathan when he needed me the most. She thought.
She inhaled deeply before replying to Stanley in a some what weak tone. "Okay. Be sure to keep me dated. You wouldn't want me to be calling you non stop."

Stanley exhaled deeply when he heard Hilda's reply. He knew it was already hard for her so he just responded with an "'Okay." and then hanged up.

Hilda slumped dowvn on the bed in the bedroom and started weeping as she called out to Nathan. "Nathan, please get better soon. I love you soo much. I can't loose you now that I found love with you too. Dear God. please save my Nathan." She sobbed on the bed.
###Chapter 65

Stanley soon arrived at the hospital. He hurriedly walked into the corridor where he was greeted with the sight of every one sitting motionless or standing with their gazes on the operating room door.

He hurriedly greeted Mr. and Mrs. Clemon. "Sir. Ma'am."

Mrs. Clemon looked at him and turned away, where as Mr.Clemon nodded his head at him.


He then walked to Samuel who was back and was sitting on the ground with Christopher and Kyle standing beside him."Mr. Fleming. Mr. Michel, Mr. Anderson." He greeted all three of them but none of them turned to look at him or spare him a single glance.

He then noticed that the atmosphere was a little chilly as everyone had a serious expression on. He then began to think about his boss. He had no idea how serious the incident was.All he knew was his boss was met with an accident earlier when he went to save Miss Gloria. I hope Mr. Clemon is aIright.I hope it is nothing serious. He silently prayed.

He had wanted to inquire about the situation from them but from they way things were, he knew not to.

Time went by quickly and there was still no news from the doctors. Mrs. Clemon started to panic. She turned to Samuel with anxiousness written all over her face. "Samuel, how about you go inside and check out on Nathan? You are also a doctor,
and he always says you are his personal doctor. It has been hours and still there isn't any news on him."

Samuel also wanted to go inside to check out on Nathan but he knew better to let the other doctors work on him as he might just delay the surgery. "Aunty Leah, don't worry. The doctor's would be out soon. I'm sure they are almost done.Let's just wait for a few more minutes." Samuel replied with a forced smile.


"But they have been in there for so long and yet they ain't saying anythingto us. You should go in now." Mrs. Leah didn't want to wait on the doctor's anymore. She just wanted Samuel to go in and check up on Nathan as she believed with Samuel, Nathan would be just fine. No friend would watch his brother die. She knew Samuel wouldn't.

Samuel tried sounding her out but she wasn't taking any. He tried to get Mr. Clemon to speak up for him too but it seems that Mr. Clemon also wanted to find out what was really going on with Nathan and the doctor's in the operating room.

"How about you just go make sure everything is going well?"Mr. Clemon spoke up.

Samuel didn't have the heart to reject them so he just nodded and stood up heading towards the operating room.

He had barely taken four steps when the operating room door was pushed opened from inside. T'he doctor's walked out.Each with a tired expression written across his face.
He breathed a sign of relief and said. "See, they are out."

Mrs. Clemon rushed to the doctor. "Doctor pleaase how is my son?"


The doctor exhaled and explained. "He is out of danger now but he is in a coma. He had a few broken ribs and a broken leg."

Everyone was relieved when they heard what the doctor said except for Mr. Richard. His face turned cold for a second and then he put on an harmless smile. "Can we see him now? We are all worried."

"For now, I am not sure. The nurses are cleaning him up. He would be sent to a ward where you can see him." The doctor replied.

"Okay." Mrs. Clemon replied.

"Excuse me then." The doctor excused himself and walked away.

Kyle who was standing at the side with his body leaning on the wall had his eyes on Mr. Richards all this while. His deep set of eyes locked contact with Mr. Richard when he turned around.

Mr. Richard panicked when he noticed how Kyle was studying him. He put on his harmless smile and nodded at Kyle before turning away.
Kyle remained emotionless with a poker face without saying anything. Although he suspected a foul play in this accident,he knew for sure that Mr. Richard had a hand in this as he was the only one to benefit if Nathan wasn't in the way.

Hilda who has been waiting at home was feeling rather anxious after not hearing from Stanley all this while. She had not calmed down ever since Stanley had told her about the accident. She just wanted to go to the hospital and check for her self how Nathan was doing but she knew for a fact that his family would be there.

'What would they say when I appear as Nathan's wife? Gloria would also be there.' She had so many thoughts going through her mind that she became distraught. She wanted to call Stanley and ask as it had been hours and still no news from him.

She took out her phone and was about to dial Stanley's number but she was shilly-shally. She didn't know if he was in the mist of the elder's of the Clemon family. As she was hesitating, her phone rang in her hands.

She looked at the caller Id and hurriedly answered. "Hello,how is Nathan doing?" She asked in a hysterical tone.

"Mrs. Clemon, please calm down." Stanley spoke from the other end of the line.

He then proceeded to explain. "The doctor said Mr. Clemon is out of danger now but he has a few broken ribs and a leg
broken."

Hilda felt heart broken when she heard what Stanley said.With teary eyes and a choked voice, she asked. "I want to come and see him. Can I come and see him?"


Stanley became stiff when he heard Hilda's request. He turned to look around and his eyes subconsciously landed at the far end of the corridor on the other end where the Clemon family member's were standing.

He gulped down. And hurriedly rejected her. "Mrs. Clemon, I don't think it is a good idea. The Clemon family member's are here and it wouldn't turn out good if they learn Mr. Clemon got married secretly."

"But you do not expect me to just sit around here when Nathan is admitted at the hospital with injuries. I am his wife."Hilda explained desperately.

Sweat beaded Stanley's forehead when he heard Hilda's desperate voice. He knew Hilda was worried about her husband but it would be bad if the Clemon family found out about her. Thinking hard, he smiled as if he had thought of something and voiced out his opinion to her.

"How about.... I would tell you when later. I would be waiting for you at the entrance later then." Stanley assured her.

"Alright. Be sure to get back to me on time." Hilda replied before hanging up. She had tears streaming down her cheeks as she thought about Nathan. 'I got to be strong for him.'She
thought. She wiped her tears with the back of her hand and headed into her room to freshen up.
###Chapter 66

Stanley walked up to Samuel as he was the owner of the place and told him about the plan he had told Hilda earlier.

When Samuel heard what Stanley had said, his face turned cold and with an icy voice he replied. "No way! There is no way I am allowing her to see Nathan."

Stanley was stunned at Samuel's reaction. "B.. Bu... but. she is Mr. Clemon's wwife." He stuttered as he tried to explain to Samuel as he had no idea why Samuel would hate Hilda.

"Wife? Hah. There is no way I would let her see him and that's final." Samuel replied and tried walking away but Stanley held onto him.

"Mr. Fleming, you know Mr. Clemon cherishes Hilda and he wouldn't be happy with this arrangement of yours." Stanley tried to reason with Samuel.

"He wouldn't be happy? He is how he is now because of her.I won't allow her to see him. And if I see her here, you wouldn't be glad about the outcome." Samuel said coldly before storming out.

Stanley became confused at his reaction. 'What did Samuel mean by Mr. Clemon is like this because of Mrs. Clemons?'He tried to reason about it but he couldn't. At this time, he saw Kyle's assistant walking into one of the hospital ward with a file in his hand.
What is Dennis doing here at this time?' He thought. He then followed him into the ward only to be greeted with Kyle and Christopher with serious expressions on as they took turns reading out the content of the file.

"Are you sure about this?" Christopher asked Dennis as he couldn't fathom the meaning of it.

"I'm not certain but that's a clue for now." Dennis replied.

"There must be something wrong. Something isn't right."Christopher said.

Kyle shifted his gaze from Dennis to Stanley who had just entered. "What was your boss up to with the gas pipeline project? What was in for him?" He asked in a cold and indifferent tone.

"I don't know. Why?" Stanley asked.

"Because who ever planned this accident planned it very well.There were no clues and the only clue is Gloria's bodyguards who were also shot at the accident scene. Gloria is also unconscious now so..." Kyle paused and looked at the door with hatred before turning to look at Stanley.

"Keep a close eye on Mr. Richard. Report to me anything he does." He then turned to Dennis. "Check out all his bank transactions and his calls."

"Yes Sir." Dennis replied and was just about to leave the room when he heard Stanley murmuring something to him. "Why is
your boss giving me orders now? I do not work under him you know."

He shook his head and just when he was about to say something,a cold voice was heard. "You got a problem with me ordering you around?"

It belonged to Kyle. Stanley immediately shook his head. "No.No, No. I'm at your service Sir."


Christopher immediately burst out laughing where as Dennis began giggling but a single glance from Kye was all it took for Dennis to shut up.

"You guys should go and do what I asked. The sooner the better." With that he stood up and left the ward.




Samuel who was currently in the operating room looked at Nathan who had been bandage all over with an unreadable expression on. He stood still as he watched him lay lifeless on the operating table with the nurses cleaning him.

He then walked out without saying anything. He needed a smoke.

"Hey, what happened last night with your boss?" Dennis stopped and asked Stanley after they had gotten out of the hospital.

Stanley sighed. "I have no idea."
"Everything seems strange you know?" Dennis raised an eyebrow at Stanley.

"What do you mean?" Stanley who was confused asked.

"I mean that everything looks kind of planned. But what I do not understand is why Miss Gloria was there at that time.Her bodyguards were all shot where as she was the only one surviving without any injuries. Do you think she is cahoots with the person who tried to harm your boss?" Dennis asked.

"What do you mean? I do not think she would do anything to harm my boss as she is in love with him." Stanley rebuked.

"What if she was just pretending? What if..."

"Enough... You have balls to be suspecting Miss Gloria. Wait till the Patriarch hears of this.. We have got an errand to run."Stanley didn't even wait for him to finish and interrupted him.After which he walked away.

Dennis shook his head as he watched Stanley walk away and also followed behind him.

In Gloria's ward, Gloria had just gained consciousness and she was weeping bitterly as she murmured. "It is all my fault.Nathan, I'm sorry." Sob,sob,sob.

"No my child, it isn't your fault. You didn't know this would have happened. Do not blame yourself." Mrs. Clemon tried to comfort her as there was no need for her to blame herself.
"No aunt. It was because of me. If I had gone back to country Y when he asked me to, all this wouldn't have happened." Sob.sob....


"Gloria, don't stress yourself. You just regained consciousness and Nathan is doing all fine. Calm down." Mr. Clemon also spoke up.

"Uncle, Nathan is fine? Can I see him?" Gloria tried to take out the drip but Mrs. Clemon held her down.

"You can't see him now as the nurses are still withhim.You would see him soon, as he would be placed in the ward beside you anytime soon." Mrs. Clemon replied.

"Aunty, I'm sorry. I really am sorry. I promise to go back to Y country when Nathan is all well. I promise not to be a border no more.... sob, sob" Gloria said in between tears as she kept on blaming herself.

It took a long time for Mrs. Clemon to console her and with the help of sedatives from the doctor's, she soon fell asleep.

Mrs. Clemon sighed and said to Mr. Clemon. "Who would have thought something like this would happen? I don't think there is a need for her to blame herself like this."

"I think she just feels guilty because she thinks she is the reason why Nathan met the accident." Mr. Clemon replied.

Mrs. Clemon sighed after hearing that.

###Chapter 67

Meanwhile, in the Adams residence, Carmen was smashing anything that she could see in sight. She was throwing a tantrum whiles her mom Mrs. Adams was trying her best to get her to calm down. "Carmen that's enough."

"No mom." She yelled at her mom as she scattered anything she could come across.


Mrs. Adams was getting pissed as her daughter was still destroying anything in sight. In a fit of a rage, she raised her hand and gave Carmen a tight slap. 'Pah'

Carmen was shocked. Her mom has never physically abused her. With an awe struck expression on, she turned and looked at her mom with her left hand on her lef cheek she stuttered."You just slapped me mom."

"Yes I did. And I would do it again and again if you don't calm down. Do you think what you doing is going to help you stop Daniel from thinking about Hilda? You need to be understanding in your part but not you acting foolishly by throwing a tantrum whenever." Mrs. Adams yelled at her.

"But mom, how is it my fault that DanieI is still thinking about Hilda? I did everything possible to get him for myself so why wouldn't he stop thinking about Hilda that b*tch." Carmen asked exasperatedly.

"It is all your fault. Why would you be sitting here smashing things when he is out there still thinking about Hilda?"
Carmen was confused at what her mother had just said. She proceeded to ask with confusion written all over her face."What do you mean mom?"

Mrs. Adams sighed as she thought. How can I have a child as stupid as Carmen. She ain't like me in any aspect at all. "You need to be around him for now to help him forget Hilda. He is just feeling guilty that Hilda stopped working at the Stephenson group and not appearing at her apartment no more.You need to let him understand that it is not his fault and if he is feeling guilty, you might as well just cancel the wedding since you just had the engagement. You need to let him feel guilty on breaking up the engagement with you too. Think"

Carmen knew for a fact that what her mom said was the right thing to do. That was all she had been doing all this while."But mom. we just had a fight because of thatb*tch. What should I do now."

Mrs. Adams sighed again as she listened to Carmen. She is nothing like me. She is kind of stupid. She pulled Carmen closer and whispered some things to her. After all was said,Carmen had a big smile on as she looked at her mom.

"You are such a genius mom." She said.

Mrs. Adams smiled and replied. "How do you thinkI got together with your dad?"

Carmen then laughed.

Mrs. Adams exhaled after she saw the smile on Carmen's face."
Let me get you something for your hand. You are bleeding."

With that. Mrs. Adams walked out of Carmen's room alongside Carmen and ordered the maids to clean upthe mess.

Daniel who had been taking turns in stopping over at Hilda's apartment at any turn he gets found himself yet again at Hilda's apartment this time drunk.

He sat there speaking to himself whiles shedding tears. "I didn't want you to leave Hilda. I really love you. Carmen was never a part of my plans. It wwas just you and I all this while Hilda.T m sorry. If you would give me time. I would divorce Carmen after I get her shares in the Adams Group. Hilda.sob...sob...1still love you."

To him, Hilda was still in her apartment and refusing to let her in. He kept knocking but to no avail. He has been trying very hard this past few days to get in touch with Hilda but to no avail. He sat there just staring blankly into thin air.

Time past but there was still no sign of the apartment door opening. All that greeted him was silence and the cool breeze of the night wind. Carmen who had been looking for him after she calmed down gritted her teeth as she stared at him who was sitting by the door of Hilda's apartment totally drunk.All she wished for at that moment was for Hilda to disappear from their lives and never appear in their lives again.

'Why? Why? Why? That was all that was going through her head.Why couldn't he just forget about Hilda. What haven't I
done. Tears threaten to fall from her eyes as she thought about al she had done to get Daniel.

At first, she only hooked up with Daniel because she hated Hilda. To her, Hilda had all the good stuffs whereas all she got was seconad hand goods. She wanted everything that had ever belonged to Hilda to be hers.

She started with her toys, her dresses, her courses, her friends and now Daniel. She never really intended to keep Daniel to himself. She did it just to spite Hilda andd let her know that she could get anything that really belonged to her. But then, she started to fall in love with Daniel slowly.

Now that she got him for herself and they had their engagement. that was when Hilda finally decided to show up.To her, Hilda was a witch. She couldn't wait to come at any time but the time they were engaged just so she could destroy their relationship.

I hate you Hilda! I wish you could just die where ever you are and never come back.' She gritted her teeth and with hatred written all across her face she whispered to herself. "Daniel could only be mine. Mine and mine alone! Just MINE!"

A tear dropped on a face as she said this. She wiped it off and with a pitiful expression on, she walked up to Daniel."Daniel,I'm sorry that you still can't seem to forget Hilda. If you still love her, I might as well just call off the engagement so that you can be with her."
She paused and stared at Daniel before continuing "I know it was my fault. I would talk to Hilda so she get's to forgive you for everything." After saying that. Carmen walked up to the apartment door and started banging on it.

"Sis, sis. It is me sis. Please open up I want to talk to you."She banged and banged but all she got was silence.
###Chapter 68

Fake tears streamed down her face as she banged and banged on the door still yelling out for Hilda. "Sis. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to take Daniel away from you. It seems he still can't get over you. Why don't you open up so we can talk about it.I am willing to call off our wedding. Sis. Sis. Sis..."

There was still no response. "Sis. sis. please open up." She continued calling out to Hilda whiles banging on the door but no response was heard no matter how hard she tried. Daniel who was silently looking at her all this while felt pained when he noticed how hard Carmen was trying to get him back with Hilda again.

To him he didn't want any of this to happen but since Hilda was still ignoring them after how Carmen looked he knew for sure that Carmen loved him and she was willing to do anything for him. He can't leave her. How would she feel?

As this thoughts were crossing his mind, he decided to get up and pull Carmen into his embrace. But before he could even get up, the land lady came out and spoke to them.

"Your sister no longer lives here. She has already packed out and she hardly comes around. You are disturbing the sleep of my other tenants. You might as well leave if that's why you are here."She spoke harshly at them.

After saying that she turned around to walk away. But before she could take some more steps. Daniel stood up and walked
up to her and held onto her hand asking desperately. "What do you mean by she moved? Where did she move to? How and when? And why didn't you call me?"

The land lady became petrified at the sudden outburst of Daniel and how tightly he held onto her. She yelled coldly "Let go of me!"

Daniel came back to his senses when he heard the cold voice of the land lady. He let go of her and apologized. "I am sorry.Really sorry. How about you tell us when she left and where she left for."


The land lady snorted as she stared at them. "I thought you were related to her so how come you have no idea when and where she moved to? I have no idea where she had moved to.And even if I knew, why would I let you know? I bet she doesn't want to see any of you after all that happened."

Carmen was elated when she heard that Hilda had moved out but when she heard the last sentence from the land lady, she was confused. "Ma'am, what do you mean by that?"

The land lady eyed them. "You think I don't know about how you have taken your sister's boyfriend and how you made up stories about she being a home wrecker? You are such a wicked sister. Who would do such a wicked thing to their own sister?"

She then turned to Daniel and continued. "And you,who would have thought that you were this kind of a man.You
were here all this time when she was here. I witnessed your relationship and I even remember the day you guys came together to rent my apartment but now look at you. You are such an assh*le. You ain't a real man at all. I wish her all the best with her new man. He is way more gentlemanly than you."

After that she turned and walked away. Daniel was saddened but some what furious at the words of the land lady. He yelled at her. "What the hell! What do you think you know?"

Carmen came over and embraced him and in a sad voice she said. "Daniel, calm down. You do not have to yell at her. It was my fault for loving you. I promise if we find Hilda.I would step back and get her to get back together with you. I know she still loves you."

With that said Carmen run out of the apartment with tears streaming down her face. She was happy after finding out Hilda had moved out and with a new man. But she knew Daniel would not waste any more time with her so she had to back up with her false affection for Daniel getting back together with Hilda.

Daniel hurriedly chased after her. "Carmen, Carmen wait." But she didn't even turn to look at him. Daniel ran fast and pulled her who was about to sit in her car into his embrace. "It's okay.Don't cry. You know how much I love you right?"

Carmen tried wriggling her way out of his embrace. "But,you are still in love with Hilda. I know you want to get back together with her. It's okay, I would tell my dad so we can call
off the engagement."

Daniel became stiff at once. I don't love her like I do Hilda but I can't let her call off the engagement. What would happen to the Stephenson Group? I still need her shares in the Adams Group.He thought. He then reached out and raised Carmen's head so she faces him, wiped the tears on her face and proceeded to say.

"Don't worry Carmen. I love you very much. I have already forgotten about Hilda but you know, she is still your sister and we need a way to get her to forget about me. I don't know the kind of crazy thing she might do to herself now you know? Or if she would go living the promiscuous life Mr. Rex is living.What if the man she moved in with is Mr. Rex Cross. Think about what is going to become of her?"

Carmen stop wriggling her self out of his embrace. What Daniel said made sense to her. What if the man Hilda moved out with was Mr. Rex? She would be happy by now. Although Mr. Rex was known for his promiscuous life, he had money.He is very rich so Hilda isn't going to lack anything. Why are all the good people interested in Hilda and not her? She frowned as she thought about this.

When Daniel noticed that she had frowned, he thought Carmen cared for Hilda so she was worried. He then continued."Mr. Rex isn't the best man for Hilda. we need to find her and talk her out of this. She would end up destroying her life. You know that she is still young right?"
Carmen nodded and said. "Yes. I can't let my sister live that kind of life as Mr. Cross."

Daniel then hugged her and breathe out a sign of relief.

Carmen indescribably bit her lower lips as she thought bitterly.You do not love me that I know. You are just after my shares in the Adams Group. But so far as I have you. I know Hilda would be unhappy so that's a plus for me.

She then smiled and said. "We should search for Hilda's where about now." Maybe if he sees her with Mr. Rex, his impression of her wouId change. She thought happily.

"Yes. Get into my car with me. Your driver can leave." Daniel offered.

"Okay." Carmen accepted and ordered her driver to leave.Sitting in Daniel's car, they headed to the KKiki Bee's Pub. The usual place of Mr. Rex.

Thinking about the possibility of them meeting Hilda,each had a different imagination in mind of what's gonna happen.

Silence ensured in the car during their entire drive.
###Chapter 69

Hilda rushed with freshening up and walked out of the house calling Stanley immediately. Stanley who had second thoughts about Gloria was trying his best to hack into Gloria's phone but couldn't, wiped the sweat beaded on his forehead and sighed.

He knew for a fact that what Dennis said might be true but he brushed him off as they were in the hospital at that time.Gloria had once done his boss bad and he knew for sure that she could repeat it.

"Who should I even get to get into her firewall." He thought.Just when he had given up since he didn't want people knowing in that he was investigating Gloria, his phone rang.

"Hello, Mrs. Clemon." He answered.

"I'm heading for the hospital now. Wait for me outside as you said." Hilda said from the other end of the phone.

"Mrs. Clemon, erm, Mr. Fleming is a little against you coming over. Did you by any chance do anything to piss him off?"Stanley stuttered as he spoke.

Hilda thought back to earlier when she was speaking to Samuel on the phone. It seemed like he hated her. No it didn't seem.He spoke to her with voice full of hatred and as if she had done something bad. But she couldn't seem to recall how she had angered him.
"Hello, Mr. Clemon, are you still there? Mrs. Clemon, did you by any chance do anything.?" When Stanley didn't hear Hilda s response,he thought Hilda might have done something.

Hilda then spoke up after some time. "Don't worry. I didn't do anything to get him angered. It should be just a little misunderstanding. Don't worry about that. I would be there in fifteen minutes. Get everything set like we discussed. And I would take care of Mr. Fleming"

Stanley wasn't convinced by her. "Mrs. Clemon, how about you wait a little while as the Clemon family members are still here.I would be sure to update you on anything that goes down on here. What do you think about that?" Stanley tried to sound her out.

"How do you expect me to sit and wait for news on Nathan? I am his wife. I have to be there with him at this time. Me being at home isn't doing me any good. It is just getting me more agitated. How, how...." Hilda's voice broke as she spoke. She tried her best to hold her tears but she couldn't.

When Stanley heard Hilda's voice breaking, he couldn't bring himself to refuse her. He had noticed their interactions these pass few weeks and he knew for a fact that it would be difficult to be in Hilda's shoes at this time. "Mrs. Clemon, I would be waiting for you at the parking lot then." He finally gave in to her. After all, she is his boss's legally married wife.Which also makes her his boss.

"Okay." Hilda wiped the tears on her face and then replied
before hanging up. After which she sat in her car, started the engine and the car revved out of Nathan's residence.




Meanwhile outside Kiki Bees Club, Daniel's car came to an abrupt stop. Daniel got down from the car hurriedly because he knew that Mr. Rex would be here no matter what so he was in a hurry to go see whether he is with Hilda or not. As for Carmen, when she got down, she exhaled as she couldn't wait to watch the drama that was about to unfold. To her, she thought Daniel would despise Hilda after seeing her with Mr.Rex.


She went ahead and held Daniel by the hand both taking hurried steps into the club.




On the highway headed for the hospital, Hilda's car was moving at top speed so much that it felt like the car was flying.She was in a hurry to see Nathan as she was so desperate. She kept praying for Nathan to wake up as soon as possible as he could.


Tears made way into her eyes threatening to fall at any moment but she forced herself not to make them fall. She then begun to disparage herself when the tears fell.

"Why am I so weak, why? Why? Why?" The tears fell like a rain splattering all across her cheeks.
"Nathan needs me now. Why am I this weak." She kept hitting the steering wheel not being herself not looking on the road ahead. At that one moment, she saw the lights of a tipper truck aiming directly at her. She hurriedly swerved by turning the steering wheels to the other side of the road, making her trip all the way down the hill.

She went down, all the way down with the car summersaulting.With her voice sounding out ... "Aahhh, aahh, ahhh." The car came to a stop after some time. So as her voice.

The driver of the tipper truck stepped on his brakes hard at the moment he saw Hilda's car lights. He hurriedly got down and headed for the down hill where Hilda's car ended up.

He looked left and right and then down but couldn't see any one just the scrapes of the car here and there. He then shouted."Hey!" He waited but there was no reply.

"Anyone?" He waited and did again but still, there was no reply. He hurriedly took out his phone and called for an ambulance.

Meanwhile, Stanley was moving up and down outside the hospital entrance waiting for Hilda to show up but there was still no sign of her. He tried reaching out to her but her phone was off. He then called the bodyguard who had been situated in the house to check on Hilda and he was told that she had left home about an hour ago.

He panicked. Where would she be at at this time. It is less
than forty five minutes to get to the hospital from Nathan's residence even if it was a rush hour but here she is still not here afteran hour. He was panicking and the thought about Nathan's enemies getting to her hit him. Just when he was about to call Hilda again, he heard one of the nurses shout."There has been an accident just along the road to the hospital.An ambulance is required immediately."

When he heard the nurse. his heart missed a beat. The first thing he thought about was Hilda again. She was heading for the hospital and still not being here after an hour. Could it be that it wasn't Nathan's enemies that has gotten to her but then she has met with an accident?


When the ambulance was leaving. He called Hilda once again.And when he couldn't reach her, he decided to follow them hoping it wasn't Hilda.

He was anxious as he thought about the possibility of it being Hilda's car which was involved in the accident. He followed the ambulance all the way to the location of the incident. When he got there, he saw police cars parked already trying to go down the hill and search for the person involved in the accident.

One of the nurses recognized him from the hospital and asked him what he doing there. "Mr. Stanley, what are you doing here?"

"Nothing, I just heard about the accident and I was thinking about how I could be of help." He lied.
"Don't worry. You do not have to bother. The police men are already working on it."

"Oh, it is no bother. Anyways which car got involved in the accident?" He slyly asked.

"I heard it was a sports car." The nurse replied.

When Stanley heard it was a sports car, his heart skipped another beat. Mrs. Clemon drives a sports car too.

"The tipper truck driver said either the driver was drunk or sleeping because who ever he or she would be deviated from their lane and ended up in his..."

Stanley didn't wait for the nurse to finish when he rushed to the tip where the car slipped..

"Mr. Stanley, where are you going?" The nurse called behind him but he wasn't bordered to look back.

When he got to where the car slipped down the hill, he overheard one of the police men saying, whoever was in the car wouldn't make it. The car was scrapped to an unrecognizable state.

He hurried down the hill only to come to an abrupt stop."That.. that is Mrs. Clemons car.." He stuttered to himself before rushing closer.

When he got closer, he found himself close to tears. As it was dark, the police men had touches but he didn't so he couldn't
really see clearly what was going on but was able to recognize the car because he was the same person who cleared it for Mr.Fleming.


He was about to go closer when one police man shouted."The car is about to explode everyone move out now!"


He quickly run up the hill and in a split second. the car exploded.

He became stomped. He couldn't bring himself to say anything just staring at the blazing fire looking dead. 'Mrs. Clemon can't be dead. That was the only thing going through his mind.
###Chapter 70

In the hospital, Nathan had been moved to a ward and his mother and father were currently inside his ward.


Mrs. Clemon was close to tears as she stared at her son who had bandages all over him and an oxygen mask on."My Nathan," She whispered with tears threatening to fall down her cheeks.


Mr. Clemon had a calm face but he couldn't control his emotions as tears formed in his eyes. He held his heart broken wife in his arms and said. "Don't worry. Nathan is strong. He won't give in. He would be back with us soon."

Mrs. Clemon hugged him and replied to her husband. "Yes.My son is strong. he would make it out of this." She then turned to Nathan. "My dear baby,if you can hear me,know that mommy misses you. Please fight this and open your eyes.Please." Her tears falling.

The family members of the Clemon Family stood outside staring into the ward each with their own thoughts.

Mr. Richards saw an intense gaze on him. He turned and saw Kyle heading towards Nathan's ward with gaze full of hatred locked on him. He shuddered a little. When Kyle got close to him, he whispered in a voice only the both of them could hear."Pray nothing happens to Nathan."

Mr. Richards became stomp when he heard Kyle's words. To him it felt like a threat as his voice sounded as cold as ice. He
turned and stared at Kyle who was standing not far from him and darkened his gaze. He knew for a fact that that wasn't just an empty threat because he knew who Kyle is.

He was sure Kyle had a tail on him in relation to the accident.He acted cool and stood beside Kyle whispering in an harmless voice "I don't understand what you mean."

"Don't worry. When it is time for you to understand,you will."Kyle replied coldly without sparing him a simple glance.

Mr. Richards took a single glance at the hospital ward and walked away. Kyle gritted his teeth as he saw him walking away."D*mn it!" He said with gritted teeth.

He hated people who parade themselves so high like Mr.Richards. He has been getting on their nerves for quite some time now. If he indeed had something to do with the accident that happened to Nathan, he wouldn't hesitate to put him where he had been yeaning to all this while.




Meanwhile, at this time inside Kiki Bees club, Daniel and Carmen had just walked inside. Once entered, they could hear the loud roaring. It was noisy and dim. Everyone inside was swaying their bodies like wild horses that were let loose. A scene of revelry and debauchery as everyone indulged in a life of luxury.

And just after walking in, Daniel's eyes were voluntarily attracted to the booth seat set at the lowest corner.
The booth seat set was a place purposely for Mr. Rex Cross. It wasn't just his party place. It was a place where only the highest level of debauchery one could think of goes on.Everyone already knows about Mr. Rex Cross's promiscuous lifestyle so it was normal among those who sat with him.

There he was drinking and laughing with his friends. It seemed like Rex happened to see Daniel's gaze. He involuntarily turned and locked gaze with him. Looking at him.a look of contempt and rumination can not help but appear on his face.


He got up with his glass in hand and walked towards Daniel and Carmen.

"Look who we got here." He said as he got close to them.

Daniel was repulsed just by looking at him. He decided to just go straight to the point. "Where is Hilda?"

When Carmen heard the kind of voice tone Daniel was using on Rex, she frowned. How could Daniel not care about anything and just go straight to asking about Hilda.She was pissed but there was no need for her to show it.

She needed to win over Daniel once again like before Hilda arrived back in town. "Yes. Mr. Cross please where is my sister?" She asked in an innocent voice.

Rex just laughed and said, "If you are here because of Hilda.I have no idea where she is but you could still join me let's have some fun. I'm having a little party among some friends. Let's
go so you join us. After all, we are going to be family soon."He said trying to provoke them.

Carmen was elated at the invite as there was no way she would have imagined sitting with Mr. Cross. But Daniel was so worried about finding Hilda that he didn't even want to believe Mr. Rex had nothing to do with it.

"Are you going to tell us where Hilda is or you want me to force it out of you?" He asked coldly.


Carmen was shocked by his sudden outburst. She turned to look at him and then Mr. Rex Cross.


Mr. Rex just looked at Daniel whiles his pair of delicate hands were swaying the red wine glass around. He slowly tasted the wine lightly while showing an air of dignity and disposition making Carmen's heart pound for him.

Although Mr. Rex wasn't a part of the big four, he was one to be reckoned on. He was a weirdo which made many fear him and his family is quiet loaded as compared to the Adam's and the Stephenson's but here was Daniel trying to mess with him.

Carmen was a little taken aback but she soon regained her composure.

"Mr. Rex, my sister have been away for some time now and we are all worried about her that is why Daniel seemed a little flustered. You know my sister still blames us and haven't forgiven us. So please do understand us. We are family so we wouldn't want anything bad happening to her." Carmen said
innocently.

Mr. Rex just laughed and turned to walk away. "Hah.."

Both Daniel and Carmen became so humiliated at the fact that
Mr. Rex didn't even bother to take them serious.

Daniel was about to grab him when Carmen pulled him whiles shaking her head. This is mostly the turf of Mr. Rex so if they were to cause a scene. it would be to their disadvantage.


"Let's just have some drinks and wait on Hilda. I'm very sure she would show up soon. She is no where around here but she would definitely come for Mr. Rex." Carmen advised.

Daniel thought what Carmen said did make sense. There was no way Mr. Rex would be here on his own. His woman would be joining him soon. So all they had to do was wait.

Daniel looked around and found a seat closer to the booth of
Mr. Rex so as when Hilda walks in, they wvould be able to see her. He gestured for them to go sit there.

Carmen wasn't happy with what Daniel was doing all because of Hilda but she couldn't complain. 'I have to get him tonight before Hilda arrives.' She thought.
###Chapter 71

At this time, outside the hospital. Mr. Richards was so angry as he shouted on to his phone. "What do you mean by you are still in the country? What did I tell you? You need to hurriedly leave the country before anyone gets a hold of you because if they do, that would be your problem."

After saying this, he hanged up before heading back into the hospital. 'D*mn it!' he cursed out.




Meanwhile at the scene of the accident too. Stanley couldn't bring himself to accept what he had just seen. He rushed to one of the police officers and asked. "Was there a woman in the car before it blew up in flames?"

"We ain't that sure about it. We got here as fast as we could but couldn't get closer enough to be sure." The police officer replied.

"Do you by any chance know the victim involved in the accident?" He proceeded to ask Stanley.

"Yes. And please keep me updated if there is anything."Stanley handed his complimentary card to the officer.

"We are really sorry. If she happened to be in the car, I am not sure she would be able to make it. But I would be sure to keep you updated." After that, the police officer walked away.
At this time, Stanley's phone rang. It was from Dennis. "Where are you?" Came from the other end of the phone.

"I, I, I..." Stanley didn't know how to reply.

"Where have you run off to already? Hurry down back to the hospital. My boss wants to see you."

"Alright." He replied weakly.

Dennis who was on the other end was surprised at his reaction.Because on a normal day when he tells him his boss wants to see him, Stanley was suppose to sound sarcastic like ask him to ask permission from mine first. But now, he didn't know. Or maybe because his boss is lying in the intensive care unit.

Dennis didn't think much about it when he headed back into the hospital ward where Kyle. Christopher and Samuel were waiting.

"What did he say?" Samuel asked when he entered.

"He would be here soon." Dennis replied.

It didn't take long for Stanley to get back there but the state in which he was got everyone stupefied.

"And what happened to him?" Christopher was the first to ask Dennis when he saw Stanley.

"I don't know." Dennis gestured with to him with his shoulders when he replied. He had no idea.
Kyle looked at him coldly and asked. "What's wrong with you?What's with the tear stain?"


He had shed a tear earlier but he didn't think anyone would have noticed.


He just stared at them not knowing where to start.

"What is going on? You wouldn't want me asking you again."Kyle asked again.

And in a wobbly voice. Stanley replied. "It is Mrs. Hilda Clemon."


"What happened with me telling you I'm not going to allow her to come and see Nathan?" Samuel was the first to speak up angrily.

"Do you not know that she is the reason why Nathen is like this? We were all with Nathan till he left to go home and and..." Samuel stuttered as he continued.


"Wait! Samy, you do not think she has a hand in the accident that happened with Nathan or do you?" Kyle asked Samuel surprised.

"Of course she does. And I won't let her off so easily if anything happens to Nathan. I swear...."

"No, no, no. You got it all wrong. She knows nothing about the accident." Kyle quickly cut him off when he replied.

"Huh?" Samuel was surprised at the response he got. He then
thought back to how he spoke to Hilda earlier. If she had nothing to do with this then that means....

"Yes. I will explain all to you later. And you Stanley, what is with Mrs.Hilda Clemon?" Kyle asked again.

"She,she she might be dead."

"What?" Christopher and Dennis asked shocked.

"What do you mean by she might be dead?" Kyle asked in an unbelievable voice.

Where as Samuel had shock written all over his face.

"Yes. I do not know what exactly happened or how it happened though. But I was supposed to meet Mrs. Clemon at the entrance of the hospital as she was so agitated after hearing about what happened to Nathan. She wanted to come and see him. But since the Clemon family didn't know about their marriage, I opposed."

"She insisted and I couldn't say no to her after all she is my boss's wife which automatically makes her my boss too. I told her to meet me at the entrance so I sneak her in by getting her one of the nurses uniform." Stanley continued but was cut off.

Has Kyle was being impatient, he interrupted him and said."And then what happened? Can you get straight to the point on as to why you think she is dead? We do not have all day alright?"
Stanley just starred at him and continued. "She called me when she left home which was about an hour and a half ago but she was still not here at the hospital. As I was getting impatient,I decided to call her again but I could not reach her. I then called home and was told she already left. I started to worry and that was when I heard one of the nurses say that an accident had happened on the highway not far from here. As I thought about Mrs. Hilda Clemon and how long she had left home, I decided to follow hoping for it not to be her."

"What are you trying to say?" Christopher asked?

"When I got there, it was Mr. Samuel's sports car that had slided off the road and down the hill. Hilda was given the sports car by Nathan to use as her personal car.

But before the fire service and police could get any closer,the car exploded."

Boom!

Like a bomb had just exploded.

"What?" They all said in unison.

"Yeah" Stanley replied sadly.

"Where did the accident happen? And are you sure she was in the car?" Samuel asked in a shaky voice. He had considered Hilda as his sister only for him to misunderstand her. He couldn't bring himself to forgive himself if she really did die in the accident.
"And why are you now reporting?" Kyle asked as he tried walking out of the ward reaching out his phone to make some calls whiles ordering.

"You lot need to dispatch your guys to search the car and area.Hilda wouldn't be in the car. I believe she is alive. And you Stanley, Make sure to update me on what caused the accident.Whether it was an accident or the car was tampered with."

They all walk out in hopes of searching the car and area to make sure Hilda wasn't in the car. But Stanley stood rooted to the spot. Blaming himself.

"It is all my fault. If only I had not let her leave home and kept updating her. Like she would not have met with the accident."

"This isn't your fault. Now get to work." Kyle ordered before walking away with Christopher and Samuel.
###Chapter 72

"Mmm,mmm,mmmm."

That was when she opened her eyes. It was Hilda.She was lying on the sand by the riveralong the hills. She had injuries all over her but it was the images from earlier that got her to open her eyes.

She tried getting up but she was weak. She turned to look around to see if there was anyone but there was nothing.Yeah she was alone. lying on the sand far away from the scene of the accident.

When she was met with the accident, she tried all she could and got out of the car. She needed to see Nathan. That was what gave her the strength.

She then began to walk in hopes of getting to the hospital by foot but because of the shock from the accident, she didn't even try to find the right way.

She just kept walking ahead not even knowing where she was going. She was then bleeding from her head as she hit her head hard but she didn't even take a notice. All she had in mind was seeing Nathan and how much he needed her now.

As a result she neglected her injuries which made her collapse after walking for sometime. Now she had her eyes open but she was weak. She couldn't bring herself to get up. All she could do was drag her body on the floor all the way to the river bank and splashed water on her face,
She tried to get off the ground but she still couldn't. She looked around in hopes of finding someone or something but there was nothing.

She started crying as she thought about Nathan. She chastised herself for being weak and useless. The only thing she had to do was to drive to the hospital and get to be with Nathan when he needed her the most but all she did was to get into an accident and here she was weak not even able to stand up straight.

"I'm useless!" She yelled as tears streamed down her face.




Carmen and Daniel had been drinking all this while and still there was no sign of Hilda. Glass after glass, Daniel cursed himself for Hilda moving. Carmen just sat there with a bitter feeling as she watched Daniel down glass after glass.

To her,Hilda had all the men under a spell. Why would any one even prefer Hilda to her? She was the favorite daughter of the Adams family. She had shares in the Adams group which alone makes her a little richer than Hilda.

She was prettier than Hilda as she thought. But why would all the men want to even kill to be with Hilda when all she does is to reject them? She felt the bitterness growing by the minute when she watched Daniel.

After some time when Daniel was wasted,she moved and sat on his laps like the caring girlfriend and said sweetly. "Babe,
you are a little bit drunk. How about we head home now and have a little fun? What do you think about that?" She kept whining her waist as she sat on Daniel trying her best to turn him on.


Most men do think with the lower part of their body for real.It was as if Daniel had completely forgotten about Hilda when Carmen was whining her waist on him. He held onto her waist as a rush of adrenaline rushed through him. He just wanted to have her at that very moment.


He started making advances with kissing her at the back of her neck then putting his hand in her clothes from the back.

Kiki Bees was a club that the highest form of debauchery happened so no one really cared as they were all socialite. It was more like a place were they can do the abominable without any one caring.

Carmen influence Daniel to continue what he was doing by holding onto Daniel's hand and taking it directly onto her breast. At this point, it was as if Daniel had lost his sense of reasoning.

He raised Carmen from his lap and slowly pinned her against the wall close by. Then he began performing wonders with his kisses and touches. At this time, the both of them were so turned on that they wouldn't have mind having sex over inside the bar at that moment.

It was like they were both on fire. Carmen who was sober
knew it would not be a good idea as gossips do spreadI early even though no one cares. everyone would get to know about how they had sex in the club by the next day.

She then reasoned with Daniel with kisses. "Babe, let's go into the car. There are a lot of people watching."

Daniel could not even hear any of what Carmen was saying.He was so in the mood that he didn't care.

Carmen slowly reasoned with him before they walked into the parking lot and into their car. As soon as they got into their the back seat of the car, Daniel tore open the upper part of Carmen's Dress, he fiddled with her breast so well that Carmen could not help but moan.

Soon things got rather intense that they had sex right in the parking lot of the club in the back seat of Daniel's car.
###Chapter 73

At this time, it was around four am at dawn. The stars seem to light up sky as they shone brightly down the hills. The sound of insects and birds chirping was also the only thing you could hear in the still dawn. The view was pretty as Christopher. Kyle, Samuel. Dennis and Stanley stood at the edge of the hill looking at the remains of the sports car. Each with a different thought running in their head.

It was completely burnt to the extent that one wouldn't be able to recognize it.


"After the forensics done by the police, it showed that there was no one in the car. So we would have to look for Hilda by ourselves and with all the resources we got without letting the police in on anything. We wouldn't want to draw any attention on this incident. Nathan wouldn't be happy waking up to know that his wife is also lost."

"Samuel, your men will look towards the north east side of the hill."

"Christopher, yours will take the north west."

"Stanley, yours will be checking all the hospitals and nearby homes to find any accident victim within the last six hours."

"Dennis, hack and check the traffic control system and find the man who caused the accident. I don't think it was just an accident although not much people knew about Hilda, it would be possible that this wasn't just any random accident."
"Yes Sir." Dennis replied.

In less than ten minutes, everyone was up with their tasks.They were already down the hill searching for Hilda whiles Dennis and Stanley were also up with their tasks.

Hours and hours went by but the search still remained futile.

Meanwhile in the hospital at thistime. It was morning and there was still no sign of Nathan waking up. The family members were all distressed. His parent were the most stressed.It was almost time for the hours the doctor gave to be up and there was still no sign of Nathan waking up.

Turning around, she noticed that the likes of Samuel.Christopher and Kyle were no where to be found. They were all here a while ago so where could they have gone to? She turned to her husband. "Honey, where is Christopher, Samuel and Kyle? Seems like they left already without saying their goodbyes."

Mr. Clemon also turned and looked around. That's strange,he thought. Where would they have gone to when their sworn brother was lying down half dead. Unless something important came up. Mr. Clemon thought so. He turned and held his wife in his hand. "Something might have come up for them to have all left. I am sure they would all be back here soon."

"I bet so too. I know they won't leave Nathan half dead on his hospital bed like this."

Hours have passed and it was already afternoon. The sky was
dyed in a crimson red as the sun directed its ruthless rays across the skyline.


Along with Christopher and Samuel. Kyle came out of their various positions and met up at the agreed hillside.

Standing with his hands behind his back. Kyle looked across the horizon where a rumble could be heard in the distance.He was unperturbed and stated placidly. "It is just as what I have anticipated. This looks a little tricky. We need to get people in the air to secure our surroundings."


Kyle then went on to explain. "It doesn't seem like we are the only ones out here searching for Hilda. Judging from the foot prints from earlier. Although thereis still nothing to prove whether Hilda is still on here or not, I don't get how someone would know about Hilda. It looks a little too smooth that who ever had this planned would be somewhat powerful."

Samuel answered placidly. "Kyle, whoever planned this had set off in fulI force with all his power catching us completely off guard. Our men are still out there so there is no need to give up. Whoever planned this would be brought to their knees very soon. I am sure who ever is behind this might have left a few holes behind and our men will be sure to get them. We will find Hilda very soon."

Christopher was a little dumb as he listened to them. He couldn't even afford to say anything. Although to him Hilda does not deserve Nathan and that Nathan deserved better, there was no need for Hilda to be met with this accident. She was a really
nice girl who didn't like to create troubles.

Despite the silence, Kyle was still very composed as he looked in the distance. He spoke in a rather desolate tone. "If it is solely because of the position in the company alone that had ended Hilda up like this, Nathan would rather have given it up than sacrifice his love for Hilda like this. Where ever she is at this moment, she is surely in pains or suffering."

Samuel returned aloud. "Kyle. Nathan has a lot of enemies that we wouldn't know who is behind this. All this while, they have been acting snakelike. They have been trying to bring him down incessantly and now they have become conceited. Now it is inevitable to say that they deem him powerless because he had fell a little back after being married. We should show them who we really are. We big four are not meant to be mess with.Whoever had the guards to cross us should know to be able to pay the price for it."

Kyle felt much better after listening to that.

He raised his hand and touched Samuel on the shoulder. "The people behind this may have forgotten who we really are. We need to teach them to know who they can mess with and who they can't mess with."


Nathan,Kyle,Samuel and Christopher had been together since childhood. Their relationship goes beyond friendship. They are sworn brothers who swore to protect each other.

Out of the blue, Kyle turned around slowly and stared into the
distance.

Samuel and Christopher froze and asked. " Kyle,what happened?"

Kyle put on a faint smile. "We found Hilda."
###Chapter 74

Samuel and Christopher were taken aback. They have been searching since dawn till now and haven't found her anywhere.Just when they were about to dispatch the Air Force to join in the search.they found her.


Their current location was a little too far from the place of the accident and they have already looked out here earlier but to no avail.


Samuel immediately got hold of his walkie talkie and gave a few others. Soon after that, he ran to the direction. Kyle placed his hand on his chest as the strong wind rattled his shirt on the hills.


He looked at Samuel who hurriedly ran towards Hilda's side and uttered passionately. "I have to admire that it is an honor to have a doctor in our mist. Quick let's get her out of here."After saying that, they all hurriedly ran towards the direction where a vague figure could be seen laying almost half dead on both side of the sea and the sand.

It was Hilda. She had been walking on her stomach as she pushed herself from wherever she could have been to here. She had slowly been losing consciousness but with her strong tenacity of seeing Nathan, she had to endure till she could finally see someone on this lonely part of the hills.

That was all she had been praying for. All of a sudden, she could hear loud foot steps as if someone was headed towards
her as fast as the person could. She was slowing losing her consciousness when she saw a familiar yet unimaginable figure in her sight.

It was a blur image of someone she so much knew running towards her. She tried to get up but she couldn't.

"Samuel. Samuel, is that you?" She asked weakly when the figure got a little closer and clearer.


"Yes. Hilda it's me. You are finally save. I am here." Samuel said in a pained tone when he saw how completely injured Hilda was. She had bruises all over her body and it looks like she had broken a few bones of hers.


He held onto Hilda who was smiling foolishly as she asked yet again. "How is Nathan? He is out of danger right? He will be fine right?"

Samuel looked at her and ended up saying in a cold tone."You are completely bruised that it looks like you are on the verge of death but here you are rather asking of Nathan. You should be worried about yourself too. You shouldn't worry."

Hilda held onto Samuel's arm tightly. "Samuel please tell me that Nathan is alright. Please tell me." She said between sobs.

Samuel didn't know how to respond. At this point, Kyle rushed over and held Hilda by the hand. "You should not be worried about Nathan as he is out of danger."


Hilda blinked her eyes slowly as she stared at Kyle who was
holding onto her hand. "Kyle, Nathan, Nat..."

That was when she completely lost consciousness.

"Hurry, we need to get her to the hospital." Kyle barked this orders to his men.


They hurriedly arrived with a beach buggy wheel car. Hilda was placed in the back seat as Samuel held onto her.Christopher and Kyle got into the passenger and drivers seat respectfully. Kyle then stepped on the accelerator pedal as the car zoomed away as fast as it could.




Samuel also made some calls to request for the operation room to be made active immediately as he had a patient coming in.

As soon as they got to the hospital, Samuel carried Hilda and with hurried steps rushed into the hospital ward. It would have been a sight to see if the Clemon family were still in the corridor of the hospital operating room as none of them had heard about Samuel being with a female companion but at that moment luckily for them. Nathan had already been moved to a room so they were no where near the operation room.

Kyle and Christopher followed suit as they watched Samuel rush Hilda into the operating room with her unconscious body in his hands.

Two hours later, Samuel walked out of the operating room with sweat beaded on his forehead as he nodded his head at
them.

"That is a relief." Christopher said as if he had just come out of hell.

Christopher and Kyle both breathed out as if they had been holding their breath for so long. Kyle then turned to Christopher who had appeared to be lost in thought since the beginning they heard about Hilda's accident.

Although Kyle had noticed all the changes in Christopher's behavior when he heard about Hilda's accident. he hadn't taken it much into thought till just now when Christopher spoke out. He knew for a fact that Christopher likes Gloria and the accident with Gloria earlier might have just being a distraction to get Nathan away from Hilda and to deal with Hilda alone.


But who else in the inside would have known about Hilda if not Christopher. If Gloria really had a hand in this, she would not be working alone.

He cleared his throat and said in a deep cold tone. "Who ever caused this accident should be an inside person. The person knew when and how to operate. Who ever that it is would not be saved by the wrath of Nathan when he wakes up."

As he said this, he turned and faced Samuel who nodded and turned away from Christopher and with his side eye, he stared at Christopher who appear like he was hiding something.When Kyle saw his reaction, he bit on his teeth so hard that he
wouldn't have mind punching Christopher in the face at that moment."


But what if his intuition was wrong? That would be him accusing his own sworn brother. He held back and turned and walked towards Samuel's office whiles saying. "I hope you got some spare clothes in your office?"


"Yes I do. I even need to freshen up."

With that he followed suit but Christopher stood glued to the spot lost in his thought.

"Are you not planning on freshening up yourself?" Samuel called out to him when he had no intentions of catching up.

"Oh." Snapping back from his thoughts, he added. "I wvill hurry home and do that as I have something to take care of too.See you later."

Christopher didn't wait any second after saying that and then walked away in a rush.
###Chapter 75

In the Adams family. Carmen had just arrived home when her mother pulled her to the side without waiting or giving Carmen a chance to speak, she asked. "So how did it go with Daniel?You have him wrapped around your fingers now no?"

"Mom!" Carmen called out shyly.

"What is it? Don't be shy. Tell me." Her mother said uneasily.She could not wait for the Adams and Stephenson's to merge as one family so as to improve their social status and save their family company from going bankrupt.

"You should not be worried about that anymore now mom.Daniel and I are doing really fine now. We had a great night together last night. He even came to drop me off just now but he had to rush to the office so he did not come into the house.He has apologized so we are good now. He said he could not even wait for us to get married." Carmen said happily.

Mrs. Adams smiled as she listened to her daughter. "That is why you are my favorite daughter. You are very smart. Now you should be happily planning for the marriage. And what about Hilda. Did you get to see her?"

When Carmen heard her mother mention Hilda's name, she frown but after thinking about what happened last night and Hilda moving out from the apartment, she could not help but gloat within herself.

"Mother,I do not think there is a need for us to be worried
about Hilda. She already moved out from the apartment she rented with the help of Daniel. It looks like she is still hurting by the fact that she could not be with him. And I also heard she is dating someone else now. I do not know why but it seems like Mr. Rex is really into her. What if he ends up marrying Hilda? That would mean her making her way up the social circle as Mr. Rex's wife." Carmen ended up saying worriedly.


"You should not be worried about that my daughter. When you and Daniel end up marrying, that would merge the Stephenson Group and Adams Group. Raising us in the ranks in the social status. We might even end up being above the Cross Family. I even heard they had sold some shares of their company to the Clemon family which means they would be below us in the future in the social circle. Plus I am sure Mr.Rex only wantsto have a taste of Hilda. There is no way he would end up getting married to someone of her caliber. She is just a low life useless daughter of the Adams family. You should not be worried about that." Mrs. Adams said rather convinced.


"If you say so mom. You know better." Carmen said happily.

"Yes my dear. You look tired. Go up stairs and have a rest. I will make the maids bring breakfast to you in your room.When you are done eating you can use the rest of the day to rest as I make plans for your wedding." Mrs. Adams said sweetly.

"Alright mother." Carmen beamed as she listened to her mother.
She was a princess when it comes to her mother.




In the hospital.

Kyle turned to look back when he saw Samuel closing the door to his office. "Where is Chris? Isn't he coming to freshen up too?" He asked nonchalantly.

"Oh no he isn't." Samuel replied unbothered whiles adding. "He said he had something important to tend to and that he would be back soon."


"Oh? Okay." Kyle replied with a grin but Samuel had no idea about the ideas Kyle had in his mind so he did not think much about it.


As for Kyle, in his head, his mind was all over. Could it be that Chris really had something to do with the accident that Hilda and Nathan were both in? Was their main target Nathan or Hilda? And if really Chris was involved, why would he end up endangering his own sworn brother's lifeif they were only after Hilda? Am I suspecting him falsely or there is something more to this? Kyle thought.

" Is something wrong?" Samuel asked when he saw all the confused look on Kyle's face.

"Oh, no." Kyle replied and went on to ask about Hilda."How is she?"
Samuel didn't have to know who the she was because the only she who mattered at the moment was Hilda.

He shook his head and replied seriously. "She would be fine but she had broken a few bones and she is suffering from internal bleeding."

"She hit her head so hard that it might be a miracle if she does not loose her memories. She twisted her ankle as well as broke her knee cap. She broke a few ribs both on her left and right.And for now she is still in a coma. She would need to be transferred to a specialize hospital or else she won't be able to walk. This is all my fault."

Kyle frown as he listened to Samuel. Although it was a ghastly accident, it would be very bad if Hilda woke up forgetting most of her memories. Although she is married to Nathan now, she would have to be with someone else who could help trigger her past memories but the Adams family are far from being perfect.

"You should not blame yourself. Hilda will be fine. We will make sure she gets the best treatment in the world. As at now,she is family and we are all she got now so we have to do everything within our power to make sure she gets out of this predicament." Kyle said seriously.

"I blamed her falsely after everything. I called her my sister but then turned my back against her earlier. But for that, I am going to make sure no one gets to hurt her anymore. I am her family too. I got her as my sister now. As my mother had always wanted a daughter, this would be the perfect chance to
get her one." Samuel said sadly and with vigor.

"Alright. What about Nathan? What are they saying?" Kyle asked with a serious expression on.

When Samuel heard him, he just shook his head.
###Chapter 76

"Is Nathan awake?" The Patriarch of the Clemon family asked sadly.

"No dad." Said Mr. Clemon. Nathan's dad.

"So then why are you here? You should be with him at this time. So what are you doing being here?"

"Dad. I came to check on you."

"There is no need. You should be with your wife now.And find out who ever did this to my grandson." He said coldly.

"But dad you are also not well. I came to check up on you.Nathan will be fine."

"So would I. So just go."

Mr. Clemon was shocked about how his dad was talking to him but he knew for a fact that his dad's favorite grandson was his son so he might be hurt inside and does not want to be seen being weak.

"Alright. I will leave you now. But Nathan is just two rooms from you. You can also come see him."

With that said Mr. Clemon walked out of his dad's ward.

The Patriarch stared at the back of his son as he walked out of his room and a faint image of Nathan came into view.Without knowing, he called out. "My favorite grandson." As he called
out, Mr. Clemon was already out of the door.

Tears threatened to fall out his eyes. To him,who ever did this was after Nathan's power. But who else would be so formidable to go after his favorite grandson if not his own son.He knew for a fact that the power struggle in the company was not anything Nathan didn't have under his control but how could all this happen just in a blink of an eye.

It started with Gloria. His men reached out to him about Gloria being in danger and then Nathan went to the rescue and then here he his completely comatose.

He loved Gloria very much and would want her to be Nathan's wife but Gloria had caused Nathan pain before so he would not be surprised if she had a hand in this.

Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice shame on me.There ain't no way this was just a random accident. He was really sure there is something wrong somewhere as Gloria had yet to spend a month in the country and she was already being the target of assassinations'.

He called onto his most trusted subordinate who had been guarding his door all this while.

"Collin!"

"Yes sir." Collin responded as he walked into his boss's ward.

"How is it going? Did you do what I asked you to?" The Patriarch asked as he tried to get off the bed.
Collin walked up to his bed to help him get off when and then replied "Yes sir. The lawyers would be here when no one least expects."

"What about the other one? How is it going with the investigation?"

"I found out something more surprising sir."

He turned to look as him as he said coldly. "What could be more surprising enough than my own grandson's accident?Now tell me what you found out about Gloria and all her interactions as she came to the country. What ever you think might be surprising can wait till later as I need to see to my grandson first."

"I did my investigations but it seems like there is someone more powerful behind her. All her interactions are mostly being wiped out. It is more like all her movements were ghost moves. There isn't a single CCTV camera in the country that had captured her anywhere in the city. The only place she is seen is mostly in her apartment, office and the Clemon residence. Aside this places, where she spends most of her time seems to be totally wiped out. When it comes to the camera's in the city where she had her interactions, they were either faulty or no camera at all."

The Patriarch frowned the more he listened to his subordinate.What did he mean by all of Gloria's movements-are all ghost movement. How come she had alI her appointments at ghost ends? Something didn't seem right.
"What the hell is going on?" The Patriarch asked coldly.

"This is suppose to be the country were the big four run things so were the hell are the others that they are not taking action against whoever did this?" The Patriarch went on to ask angrily. To him he knows nothing can go on in the country without Nathan.Christopher. Kyle and Samuel having a clue about it.


What have they been occupied with this past few months that they completely forsake their safety?

Collin didn't know if this was the right time to speak up as the Patriarch was really on rage. He took some few steps back whiles contemplating what to tell the Patriarch when the Patriarch asked again. "So where is Chris, Samuel and Kyle at the moment? Are they back from where they all ran to?"

"Samuel and Kyle are in Samuel's office currently but Christopher excused himself to go and tend to some important matters. He will be here shortly."

"So why are they not investigating what went on the days before? Do they not care about Nathan?" The Patriarch slammed his hand on a near by table beside him.

"Sir, that was what I had wanted to tell you earlier and...."Collin shut up immediately after he locked gaze with the Patriarch who was staring at him eyes so cold.

"What the hell are you waiting for? Tell me what you have been wanting to tell me."
Collin knew for a fact that the Patriarch was saddened by the fact that his favorite grandson was still lying down half dead that was why he was a little agitated. He hurried to explain.

"There is a woman." That was all Collin said.

The Patriarch did not understand what he meant by that so he just stared at him confused. "What do you mean by there is a woman?"
###Chapter 77

In the hospital inside Nathan's ward. Mrs. Clemon sat on Nathan's bed side as she spoke to Nathan about how he should not give up and that he had a lot to live for.

"My boy, you know you are too young to leave us now.You are yet to make a family for yourself my dear. You are yet to find the girl of your dreams. If it is Gloria or not who you would want to start a family with, we will support you my boy.Nathan please you have to fight this."

"You are way stronger than I am and I know you would not want to leave me with no grandson. Nathan don't live me without a grandson. Please fight this. You are all I got my dear."She spoke with tears threatening to stream down her face but she fought back every tear not wanting any to drop down her face.

"Nathan,you see, I am not crying because I know you will get through all of this. My very own sweet Nathan please wake up already."

At this moment, the door to Nathan's ward was pushed open and Gloria who had an Iv drip injected into her walked in as she pushed the IV stand into Nathan's room.

Mrs. Clemon stood up weakly, wiped off the tears that threatened to fall from her eyes with the back of her hand and walked up to Gloria. "You should not have come in here. You are not well yourself Gloria."
"No aunt. I could not take it anymore. I have been sleeping all this while. I have to see Nathan when it is my fault that he is lying here. Aunt, I heard all that you were saying to Nathan.I didn't mean to eavesdrop though. I should try talking to him myself too if you do not mind. I might be able to trigger something with in him after all Nathan and I are in love."Gloria said weakly.


"Alright my dear." Mrs. Clemon said as she took a step back for Gloria to walk towards Nathan.


Gloria pushed the wheels under her IV drip stand and walked towards Nathan. When she got beside Nathan's bed,she was stomped by the burns on Nathan's body. She crunched down and sat by Nathan's bed and holding onto his hand with her other free hand she called out.


"Nate," Tears falling down her face.

"Gloria, you need not be weak. Nathan needs us now.Please do not cry in front of him. The doctors said although he is not showing any signs of movement, he can hear and feel everything."

Gloria turned and nodded at Mrs. Clemon. "Alright aunt."

Holding back her tears, and with Nathan's hand in hers,she said vehemently. "Nate, you heard mom. She said she wants a grandson. How can we give her one if you do not fight this? I know this is all my fault but I will give anything to switch sides with you Nate. I love you so much that it hurts me
seeing you like this. Please fight this. We still have a family to make."

"I quiet remember you said you will want our first child to be a girl just as pretty as I am. Nate, now is the time we should be thinking of making that girl. I miss you so much Nate. And I am deeply sorry that this had to happen because of me but please do not think about leaving us yet." Gloria continued in an aggrieved tone.

Meanwhile Nathan was stuck in darkness. He heard his mother calling out to him earlier and talking about how he should not leave her with out a grandson. He tried so hard to open his eyes but no matter how hard he tried, he could not over come the darkness.


Now all he can hear is Gloria's voice and how she feels bad about him and she wanting them to have a child together.But Nathan loathed Gloria to the core. He was trying so hard to get his hand out of Gloria's grasp but all his movements felt futile.

At this time when Gloria spoke about having a daughter as pretty as she is, Nathan recalled his gorgeous wife. 'Hilda' He called out in the darkness. Where is she he thought.

'Hilda, Hilda, he kept calling out to her in the darkness. But there was still no sign or anything. Nathan became the more confused. He began to ran as fast as he could so he could get out of the darkness in hopes of seeing a light. But no matter how fast he run, he still ended up in darkness.
He grew tired after running for sometime and begun to think about how he ended up stuck where he was at the moment.That was when it hit him. The accident.

No, no, no. It can not be." he shouted but still there was no movement from him in the real world.

'I can not be dead. What will become of Hilda? She is still too fragile. I can not leave her like this." Nathan said.

Inside the ward room. Gloria had been telling Nathan about all the goodI times they had before and so many other stories when a nurse walked in.

"Miss Gloria, it is time for your medication." She said politely.

"No, no. I do not want any medication at this moment. I want to be with Nathan. Leave now." Gloria said.

"But miss...."

Gloria cut her off before she could continue. "No nothing.Please go."

When Mrs. Clemon saw how stubborn Gloria was being when she was asked to take her medications, she walked up to stand beside her. "My dear, you need to get the medication.You would not Nathan waking up to rather see you weak in bed.You also have to get well. Do not worry about Nathan.I will be here with him. Go on and get your medication." Mrs.Clemon said sweetly to Gloria.
Gloria wanted to refute but she knew for a fact that Mrs.Clemon would not take a no for an answer. "Alright aunt."With that said, she stood up and turned to leave Nathan's ward.


When she placed Nathan's hand back down on the bed,the nurse noticed Nathan's fingers moving. "Madam look he moved.
###Chapter 78

Mrs. Clemon and Gloria both turned in hopes of seeing Nathan move but they were dejected by the outcome. Nathan's body looked still with no signs of any movement.

Gloria turned to the nurse angrily. "What kind of joke was that?"


The nurse was shocked at the voice Gloria used on her. She wanted to retort but she kept quiet and just lowered her head.Why would I lie to you about him turning when he did not?And here you are talking to me like one of your maids.' The nurse thought.

"Ain't you going to defend yourself?" Gloria asked angrily yet again.

"Madam, I am sorry. I thought I saw him move." The nurse said dejectedly in her defense.

Gloria payed no heed to her as she stormed out of the room. "I am ready for my medications." She said whiles walking out.

The nurse turned to Mrs. Clemon and tried to explain. "I am very sorry ma. I thought I saw him move his fingers. I didn't mean to get your hopes up." She said with her head lowered.

Mrs. Clemon smiled whiles she replied. "You do not have to apologize. I believe you when you said you saw him move.There is no need and for Gloria, you have to forgive her on my behalf. The accident has taken a toll on her that is why she
was a little harsh on you."

"Alright then ma. I will be taking my leave now." The nurse smiled as she said.


"Alright then my dear." Mrs. Clemon replied as she turned herself to look at Nathan once again. 'My dear, if it is really true that you moved. can you do that again? She said in a tone only she can hear and in a shaky voice.

She wanted to believe what the nuurse said earlier but she could not. Nathan was still lying down how he was before when Gloria placed his hand back on the bed. There was no signs of movement.


At this time, Mr. Clemon walked in. "My love, you have been in here all day. Let's go out for some fresh air."

"Hmm." That was all Mrs. Clemon said. She even wanted to tell her husband about what the nurse said earlier but she could not bring her self to tell him as she herself did not know if she believed it or not.


Mr. Clemon was also saddened by the fact that his wife has been staying beside Nathan and never wanted to leave him for once. Thus proposed for a little fresh air outside.

Never in his wildest dream did he think she would oblige to it with out a fight but to his surprise, she did. He did not know whether he was just hearing things but was happy that for once, his wife was willing to take a walk outside the four walls of Nathan's ward.
Inside Hilda's ward, Hilda was already out of the coma. She was just staring at the two people in front of her as she frown.She had no idea who they were and how come she was even in the hospital.

"How are you feeling now Mrs. Clemon?" Asked the lady in front of her.


"Who are you guys?" Hilda asked confused. As she knew.not many people knew that she was Mrs. Clemon. So how come this strangers in front of her knew? She thought.

"Oh sorry Madam. We are at you service madam. I am Nuella and this is Gasper. We will be assisting you with anything you will be needing now. I am your personal maid where as Gasper is your bodyguard." Nuella spoke up.

Nuella was a lovely lady with a height of 5"11 where as Gasper was a lanky but well built man with a height of 6"8. They were hired by Samuel to be with Hilda and make sure no harm befall her as they where out looking for who ever had a hand in the accident.


Nuella and Gasper are both mercenaries. They both use to serve in the army as personal guards to the ex president and the first lady of the country. But after they were overthrown by the ruling party, Both Nuella and Gasper decided it was time to leave the army. Nuella was know as Demon's Bride where as Gasper known as Demon.
They were two unstoppable people who could defeat a thousand armies all by them self. Most people who hear their names are shaken to the core in the army where as others have taken them as their role model.

It was a shame that they had retired from the army at such an early age as they would have both been the youngest commanding officers in the country to ever command an army of more than Five Hundred Thousand Soldiers.

They decided to retire together from the army and start a family together when they heard the most shocking news that Nathan Cross has met with an accident. They did not want to believe it at first but then Samuel himself reached out to them.

To them it was near impossible for someone to go up against Nathan unless the person was not afraid of his wrath. Nathan had been their benefactor and there wwas no way they were going to let who ever did this to go scot free so they chartered the first flight back to the country only to receive another shocking news that Nathan is married and that both he and his wife were met with the accident.

They wanted to spill blood but Samuel had them to baby sit Nathan's wife. Gasper just stared at Hilda with eyes that looked lifeless which caused Hilda to shiver. When Nuella saw that, she turned and berated him. "What do you think you are doing?" She said as she gave him the eye.

Gasper was confused at first but came to his senses when he saw how scared Hilda was of him.
After the introduction. Hilda asked to see Nathan. She tried getting up but she could not. She tried so hard to get off the bed but when she tried, she could not feel her legs.

She became scared stiff as she tried once again and she could not.

All that was going through her mind was. "My legs?"
###Chapter 79

In the far end of the city, a deserted part, Dennis and Stanley with the help of one of Kyle's strongest man. A big bulky man's bones was snapped. Not only has the man not suffered serious physical injuries but the man has also experienced a huge blow to his sense of pride.

The lanky man in front of him had just crippled him earlier with just two moves. The man was terrifying.

However, what he did not know was that James the man with Stanley and Dennis had intended to keep him alive so that his boss Kyle would take his own sweet time to settle scores with him making the man who calls himself The Kill regret that he was ever born.


Otherwise, The Kill would not have survived James's full wrath.

The Kill as he calls himself was a foreigner. He was a very known assassin on the dark web. He was only eight years old when he was abducted and trained to be an assassin. Out of one hundred and fifty nine kids, he was the only one who made it out. Many feared his name The Kill as every time he is seen, he brings death. His victims are mostly big men and people in power. But this time around, he messed up big time without he himself knowing when he accepted the contract to exterminate Nathan and Mrs. Cross.


This time, he was contacted on the dark web by an unknown person to exterminate two people. When he heard of Nathan
the man whom most people fear, he just laughed it off. He is revved and feared by most so I have to show him why he also needs to fear me. That was what he thought.

To him murdering Nathan would be easy as pie as he far more deserved the name The Devil. He could even change his name to Lucifer as he had just killed the most feared man of many.He was very happy when everything went according to his plan.

But never in his wildest dream did he think that he would be caught when he was about leaving the country.

At this time, he was struggling to get out of the chair that he had been bound to with his full force.

However, James just laughed at him and in an icy tone he mocked. "No matter how hard you try, you won't be able to get free from that. And what's with the rush? You have come so far and have not greeted Mr. Clemon properly. There is no rush."

Meanwhile, at the hospital inside Nathan's ward. The doctor had just finished inspecting Nathan's wounds and had wrapped a bandaged around it.

Kyle,Samuel, Nathan's mom and dad as well as Mr. Richards watched anxiously at one side.

"Doctor, is my son getting better?" The woman was worried sick as she asked.

Smiling the doctor said. "Do not worry. From the looks of
things, from all the necessary checks, Nathan's injuries are healing with time. And with his will to live, he is fighting it. I am certain he would make it through this."

When the doctor said this, he noticed that the woman was not convinced so he added. "Do not worry. You can trust my words. I have been a military doctor for about a decade now and I have been exposed to wounds much more severe than his. You son is fighting this so he would make it out."

The doctor then cast Nathan an admired look. "I have heard a lot about your son. When he was in the military, he has defeated countless elite fighters from all over the world. The tugging of the banner has reduced a lot of the impact and momentum from the accident. Although he is still in a coma.He would get through this. It is just a shame he is no longer in the military."

The Doctor's name was Dan Cald, and he was a renowned military doctor back in the army. Samuel could trust the man with Nathan's life.

Hence after Nathan's accident, Samuel had asked for a transfer from the army so as for the doctor to be stationed here at his hospital temporarily till Nathan was out of danger.

The weight weighing down on Mrs. Clemon's chest was finally lifted after listening to the doctor.

After thanking the doctor, Mrs. Clemon walked to Nathan's bed side and straightened the hospital gown on Nathan.
The others cast curious glances at the mother and son duo. So this is how docile the son is when he is with his mother.


At this time. Nuella and Gasper entered the room.

"Greetings Sirs and Madam."

Mr. Clemon glanced at the two and asked impassively. "Nuella and Gasper? You guys are back from seclusion?"

"We heard about Mr. Nathan and we could not sit back without doing anything so we rushed back here." Gasper replied.

"There was no need. As you can see..."

"You should not say that. We would not even be alive if it was not for Mr. Nathan." Gasper cut him off respectfully.

Kyle and Samuel took the chance to ask them out seeing that they had something to report. "How is she doing?" Kyle asked when they walked out Nathan's ward and from view of others.

Nuella replied. "She is in complete rage. She asked us ouit of the room." She could not comprehend the fact that she could not move at the moment."

Kyle turned to Samuel.

Samuel then spoke up. "I will go talk to her."

"Alright. Nuella will stay here with you as I go check on Dennis and Stanley."
With that. Nuella and Samuel headed towards Hilda's ward were as Kyle and Gasper left the hospital.

Meanwhile Mr. Richard who had been eavesdropping on them came out as soon as they all turned. He was confused.I thought she was suppose to be dead? How come?

With that, he reached out his phone to make a call. "The number you are trying to call is out of service area. Please call back later." No matter how many times he called. The only reply he got was the mechanical voice saying the number could not be reached.

At this time, he began to panic.
###Chapter 80

Inside Hilda's ward, there was a knock on the door.

"I do not want to see any one." Came a wobbly voice from inside.


Samuel who stood outside at this time did not know what to do. He knew for a fact that it would be close to impossible to convince Hilda now. But he had to. "Hilda, it is me Samuel."


"And I said I do not want to see anyone."

"Hilda, I will be coming in now." Samuel said unsure of what to do now. As he opened the door to get inside, Hilda threw her pillow at him at full speed.

He hurriedly dodged as he walked into her room."Hilda. calm down."


"Ahhhhh. Get out." Hilda screamed when she saw Samuel in her room. Pointing at the door.

Samuel did not know what to do to get her to calm down. He then walked closer to her. The closer he got, the more Hilda berated him from coming any closer. "Do not come close to me.
11

"Stop moving."

"Leave me alone."

Samuel did not pay heed to her as he walked all the way close
to her. When he got to her bedside, he crouched down and sat on bed after which he pulled Hilda in for a hug

Hilda tried to wriggle her way out of his embrace but the more she did, the more tighter Samuel held on to her. "It is okay Hilda. You are fine. You will be fine."

Hilda stopped wriggling herself out of Samuel's hold when she heard him but rather, she burst out wailing like a little girl whose toy had been taken away from her.

"Samuel, I could not feel my legs. My legs are dead." She said in between sobs.

"Samuel, I could not get out of bed. Tell me this is all just a dream. Samuel I can not walk." Hilda said as she cried her hearts out in Samuel's embrace.

Samuel who was always cracking jokes and smiling mnost of the times was close to tears himself when he heard Hilda. He wanted to tell her it was just temporary but till when? He wanted to tell her she would be fine but how could he when all odds were against her.

"Samuel tell me I will be fine. Samuel please tell me something."Hilda cried out.

"It is okay Hilda. Everything will be fine. You will get better.Even if it means I have to loss everything. I would not mind. I am so sorry Hilda. Just be strong. We will get through this together. I will always be here for you. And do not forget Nathan. He would not want you to be weak at this moment.
He will want you to fight through this as he himself is."

When Hilda heard Nathan's name, she stopped crying as she pulled herself from Samuel's embrace. "How is Nathan?" She asked after a long time.

Samuel got up from the bed and walked towards the window.Looking outside, he replied without any emotion in his voice."He is also fighting for his life now. But with his strong will to live, he will make it out of this. This I am sure of."

After talking about Nathan for a while and Hilda was convinced that he is fine and will wake up. Hilda asked."What about me? What about my legs?" She asked in a shaky voice.

Samuel turned and looked straight into Hilda's eyes. And with tone so certain he replied. "You too will make it out this.I have already sent your scan results to the best doctors in the world. They are currently studying your results. They are certain you will be able to walk again after some time. All you need to do is therapy. And I know you have the will to walk again."

"With therapy and your strong will to walk. You will be better in no time." Samuel replied.

Hilda was shocked at how Samuel spoke to her. If Samuel had so much faith in her to walk again, then why is she sitting here and just crying. She then responded. "I will do anything to walk again."

At this point, Samuel turned to look outside again.
"What is it?" Hilda asked confused. Did she say something wrong she thought. I only said I will do anything to walk again. What is wrong with what I said that had dampened his spirits?

Samuel faced Hilda this time unsure of how to even speak.

"What is it Samuel? Stop holding back and tell me." Hilda said already starting to get frustrated.

"You will have to travel overseas for the therapy. And it must be as soon as possible as any delays might cause other problems." Samuel said as he crunched down to Hilda who looked uncertain.

"That means, I, I. I, I...." Hilda did not know how to complete her sentence.

"Yes. You will have to." Samuel replied a little dejected."But you do not have to worry about...."

"No, no, no. How would you expect me not to worry? Tell me.?"She yelled at Samuel.

Samuel had already expected this outcome. He knew for a fact that if he were to be in Hilda's position, he would have also declined. But that was the only way. There was nothing else.

"Hilda, I understand you but you will also have to think your decision through." Samuel tried to reason with her.

"You do not understand nothing. Now get out." Hilda said in
a grave tone.

Samuel knew better than to stay. "Alright. But please think this through." With that said,he walked out...
###Chapter 81

After about more than two and a half hours of driving, the car came to a stop in the outskirt of town. That part of town had been abandoned for about a decade. And in one of the abandoned buildings. Kyle had created an underground housing unit in the area.

He had managed to clinch talents from a myriad of sectors such as finance. military and even technology. The fort he had created could technically rival a small city.

Both Kyle and Gasper got off the car from the driver's seat and passenger seat's respectively.

Gasper breathed in the air as he smiled. "Back home."

Kyle just grinned.

Nathan,Kyle,Samuel and Christopher alongside most of their men were all trained here by themselves. They have each had each others back since young. Looking back to the place Nathan had once trained him, Gasper sighed.


They both then walked into the housing unit. After entering they joined an elevator all the way down to the lowest and deepest part of the unit. That was where all their interrogations usually went on.


As soon as they entered the room, Stanley and Dennis greeted."Sir,"
James also nodded. "Mr. Kyle."

They had no idea who the other companion was although they might have heard a thing or two about him. Kyle went ahead and introduced him.


"Gasper, my assistant Dennis. Nathan's Stanley and one of my guys James."


"Hi!" Gasper said as he took turns shaking their hands acting as though the man bound to the chair was not their problem at the moment.


"You might have heard a thing or two about him. He is Nathan s first subordinate and the only man who one could say is almost on par with him. You might know him as Demon."Kyle added.

As soon as the words left his mouth, it was as though he had dropped a bomb shell. Everyone had either a shock and timid reaction. Where as the man bound to the chair had his mouth open although he was on the verge of death.

To the others. The Demon who was revered and feared by many was trained by Nathan himself. That was insane. This man was more of the Devil. Where ever he is seen, he leaves death in his wake. How insane.


As for the man bound to the chair. All he had in mind was I am doomed. Who the hell did I mess with? If he trained Demons himself that could only mean the accident happened because he wvas negligent at that moment.
Why the hell did I accept this offer. The offer was too tempting that he could not say no to it. Who in their right mind will say no to twenty billion bounty for Nathan and ten for his wife's?He believed in himself way too well that he had not seen this coming.

Kyle then turned impassively to The Kill and asked coldly. "How is he doing? Anything from him?"

Dennis then spoke up. "We are lucky for Jamnes's help in seizing him up."

"James. why don't you report the details to Mr. Kyle?"He added.


Seeing that the men had something to report. Gasper who was moving around the room looking at the tools for interrogation stopped and walked back to listen in.

"So what have you found out?" Kyle asked.

"Sir, the assassin was all clammed up in the beginning. No matter how we tormented the guy, he was not at all willing to part his lips."


"I was really furious with the man coming after Mr. Clemon and his wife. Hence I tortured him using the thunder method."

"As I have learnt a thing and two from how you interrogate others using the thunder method. I used it on him. In the end.I managed to make the guy talk and he had revealed everything there was about him and even his ancestors." James
said furious at the man.

Kyle just took a sip of the alcohol he had in his pocket and asked. "So who sent him?"


"He is not really sure who the man is but from tracing using our hackers. I am certain it was Mr. Richards."


James continued to add. "He was contacted on the dark web to assassinate Mr. Nathan and his wife. But when he got into the country, he met with a man whose description is more or less Mr. Richards."


Kyle furrowed his brows slightly. "I already had a feeling this man was involved one way or another. I never thought he was the mastermind. So he has his eyes on the new contract the company is trying to secure with others and wants to embezzle the money involved already. Hah, how in sane."


11SOall is true then."

"But sir, even though the man is here, there is no concluding evidence to prove that he had all this planned. He might end up stirring trouble for us if we make a move on him without concrete evidence." Stanley replied.

"This time, he had gone as far as almost causing Mr. Nathan and his wife's deaths. I think it is time for me to exterminate the man once and for all." Gasper said angrily.

Dennis chimed in. "Boss, I think Mr. Gasper here is right. We have to take the initiative and destroy Mr. Richard Clemons for
good."

"It is just a pity that the assassin has suffered serious injuries.He did not get to reveal the exact location of the place they met.He has also lost a lot of blood it would be hard to get anything else out of him." He added.
###Chapter 82

Gasper did not share the same sentiments with Dennis as he hurriedly walked over to the man who was bound to the chair.


He held him by the neck as he threatened. "You do not want to speak no more no? Be my guest. I bet you already have a clue as to what I can do." Gasper said with a voice as cold as ice.


The Kill shuttered at the way Gasper was moving at him. Yes he had heard about him being Demon. The King of assassins but he is also the The Kill. He would not be intimated by him.

In his mind that was all that was going though but his body spoke a different language as he was completely shaken just by looking at him.

Gasper drew a military dagger from under his sleeves as he spoke up. "I will ask you a few more questions. All you have to do his answer truthfully. If you lie, just know that you would be dying by a my Thousand cuts."

When the others heard death by a thousand cuts, it sent shivers to their spine. Especially Stanley and Dennis where as Kyle just watched on without any emotion.

The Kill wanted to speak up but he knew the man standing in front of him was not joking. He could not bring himself to say anything as he watched him fearfully.

"Since you have gotten that, let's start."
"Where was your meet up point when you arrived?" Gasper asked as he let go of him.

The Kill just threw spit at him as he replied unafraid. "You can go to hell for all I care. I ain't telling you nothing."

" Fine! But you will have to go in my stead for now as I got a lot to do out here." Gasper said angrily as he dragged him with the chair all the way outside.

The sun was shinning brightly as it was burning hot. Gasper threw him onto the hot ground as soon as they got outside.He ripped him of his clothes under the hot sun. As the sun was burning his whole body. Gasper drew his military dagger and gave him three cuts on his thighs.

"Ahhhhhhhhhh" The Kill screamed out in pain.

As the were outside the city. they was no one around. "No one is coming to save you. Save your breathe."

The Kill looked at Gasper with eyes full of hatred. And if looks can kill. The Kill would have probably murdered Gasper at that point.

The kill was only in his boxers when Gasper untied him. "I will ask you one more time. Where was the place of your meeting?"


"Like I said, go to hell! You are not getting anything out of me.
" With that said, he pinched sand into his arm and throw it into the air towards the others.
Getting up onto his feet trying to run. But then he fell back down onto the ground. He started to crawl away from them.

Gasper was angered this time around as he sliced his throat with the military dagger without thinking twice.

All this time, Kyle had been silent as if thinking about something and then as if something hit him, he spoke up."
Gasper, I will have to leave you to investigate Mr. Richards. I will meet you back at the hospital later."

With that said, he walked to his car, got in and speed off leaving only dust.

"Can I have a report on everything about the accident." Gasper turned to Stanley and Dennis.

"Alright."

"Right away!"

Stanley and Dennis responded.

"Sure. James please dispose off the body." Gasper then turned to James.

"Alright." James responded as everyone turned to their tasks.

Christopher who had been drinking since he got home suddenly heard his door bell ringing. He was confused at first as he had told his assistant that he did not want to be bother.

He ignored it but the person behind the door was so not going
to back down as the person continued to ring the bell.

He could not take it anymore has he angrily walked to the door. "Didn't I say I didn't want to...." When he saw who was at the door, he paused his sentence mid.


"Kyle, why didn't you tell me you were coming? It could have saved you the trouble. You could have just called when you arrived." He laughed it off as he said that.

"So you tell me you are busy?" Kyle said in an amusing tone.

"What do you mean by that?" Christopher asked.

"Oh? Didn't you say you had something important to attend to?I know for sure if I had called you would have told me you busy no?" Kyle explained as he walked into Christopher's
apartment.

"Oh yeah." Christopher responded as he scratched the back of his head.


"The place is a mess. What happened here?" Kyle frowned as he entered and saw things scattered on the floor from empty bottle's to accessories.


"Oh it's nothing. Let's go to the study as I get my assistant to get the place cleaned up."

"Sure. After you." Kyle said as he looked around to see if he would find something unusual.

But everything at the time seemed unusual. 'Why would
Christopher leave the hospital just to come drink at home when we are facing a dilemma? Is it because he could not accept the fact that Nathan and Hilda were both target of an assassination or because he had a hand in it?"

Kyle thought as he stared at Christopher who was leading the way to the study.
###Chapter 83

Kyle sat down calmly in a seat when he entered the study room.

Chris sat down and opened a bottle of Moet. Poured it in two glasses and passed one to Kyle. "So what brings you here." He asked after passing the wine.


"Oh. I just passed by to check up on you. Since you left the hospital just like that." Kyle said unbothered.


"Oh, you did not have to. I just had a little issue I had to take care of."


"So what could that have been? Let's see if I could be of help."Kyle responded as he took a sip of his wine.

"Nothing serious here. I already took care of it. And by the way,how is Nathan doing?" Chris then changed the topic.

"Nathan will be fine. All he needs is to pull through from wherever he is." Kyle said calmly.


"Good to hear. What about Hilda? Chris asked with a serious expression this time around.


"She will also be fine. But I can not put my mind around the accident. How everything happened all of a sudden. And the link between Hilda's accident and Nathan's."


"It looks like who ever planned the accident caused Gloria's own as a distraction to get Nathan out of the picture so as to
go after Hilda. And in tend hurt Nathan when the time comes."

"Thinking about it, it's a little too impossible to achieve since no one knew about Nathan's marriage." Kyle added as he starred at Chris.


Chris shuttered as he spoke but quickly got control of his words. "So what did you find out so far?" His eyes darted in the room than to look Kyle in the eyes.


"I haven't yet but close to. There was a meet up point earlier from the assassin we captured. We still trying to figure out where and to see if the mastermind might have left something traceable." Kyle said in a serious tone.

Chris shuddered a little and Kyle noticed that. He frown when he saw how Chris was acting. Since the accident. he had been a little nervouis something that he never was. Kyle thought.

"So where is this place?" Chris asked as he got up and walked towards the window.

"My men are still working on it." Kyle replied indifferently.

"Anyways. I should leave now. Would you want to join me? 1m heading for the hospital." Kyle added as he got up to leave.

"Oh no. I will join you later. I still have a little something to sort out." Chris replied.

"You sure you do not need my help?" Kyle stopped and asked.

Chris laughed it off. "Oh don't worry. It is nothing really,
will join you at the hospital soon."

"Alright sure. If you say so." With that said, Kyle walked out of Chris's apartment.

As soon as Chris noticed Kyle's car moving out of his apartment, he hurriedly went back inside his bedroom.

He looked around the room as if looking for something. He opened all his drawers but he still could not find what he was looking for. He completely turned his room upside down as he searched high and low.


After half an hour, finally, he caught sight of it. It was behind his sofa in his bedroom. It was a burner phone.

Chris was minding his business after he came back from his birthday Party when a little kid shoved it into his hands during a meet and greet he held.

At first he thought it was a kid's toy cell phone but mins after he got it, the phone rang in his hand.

He looked around for the boy but could not find him. He turned the phone over only to see a paper tag behind it with the inscriptions,'Answer Me.


When he was about to, the ringing stopped. He was about to put it down together with the other gifts he has received when the phone rang again.

This time he hurriedly answered before it could end. At the
other end of the line, a deep robotic voice sounded out. "Hello Christopher."

"Who is this?" He asked as he couldn't recall the voice. The person at the other end of the line was using a software to change his original voice to that of a robot making it very difficult to recognize who it was.

"That should not be your problem." Came the response.

"What the hell do you want from me then?"

"It's simple. I need you to dulge a little secret to me about Nathan."


"Go to hell. There isn't anything I will share with you about him." At that he angrily hanged up.

The call came in again. At this time, he was so pissed as to why someone will call him and ask him to snitch on his brother. There was no way he was doing that. "Didn't you hear what I said earlier?" He barked coldly into the phone as soon as he answered.


"I will tell you this once. Don't you ever hang up the call when I am talking. And check your phone. After you are done.you can press one on the burner to call back or the other is up to you." The voice sounded colder as it came from the burner phone. Then the person hanged up.

Chris was confused as he didn't know what was going on. Is this a prank? He thought. Just then, his phone rang. It was a
message notification from an unknown number.

He opened it only to be shocked by the content he received.It was a video of him. One that he himself could not believe.
###Chapter 84

Late at night in Christopher's apartment.two strong built burly men carried a body bag out of his apartment into his car boot.

Christopher recalls that day like it was just yesterday to him. It was one of his worst nightmares. Which haunts him the most.He was having a good time with a girl when all of a sudden the girl passed out in his bed. He freaked out as he did not know what would become of him if other's found out.

He didn't want to tarnish his image as if the accident came to light. people will judge him wrongly. He then decided to get rid of the body before anyone else found out. That was when he called two of his most trusted subordinate and asked them to get rid of the body.

In the video, it shows how his men took the heavy body bag from his apartment all the way to the outskirt of the town before his men burnt the body.

Looking at the video now on his phone, he got fully drenched in sweat as his worst nightmare was coming to pass.Although he could just deny everything and with his power and influence get someone to do his sentence. he knew the public will turn their back on him. And their perception of him will also change.

The body that was burnt that night was that of his former assistant. He tried to calm down but he couldn't. He hurriedly dialed one on the burner phone to place the call.
As soon as the call was connected, the robotic tone said with a voice filled with smile. "I knew you will caIl me back.Hahahahaha. It is a good choice you made by calling you know. Because you might end up losing everything and everyone you care about. You wouldn't want that no? Let's think about what even Nathan himself will think about you."

Nathan was a man with principles. Before he uses undermine methods, that's when you left him with no choice. Chrisfeared losing his friends and tarnishing his image that was why he decided to make that move. Never in his wildest dream did he think someone would be in the dark looking for a chance to make a move like this.


Thinking back to the day, he could not even bring himnself to think about who couId have done the recording. If someone has him followed in the dark, then it means there is more than just this. Thinking about this, he gritted his teeth and asked."What do you want from me?"

"Oh it is simple. You just have to give me Nathan." In a serious voice, the robotic voice replied from the other end.

"What? You are crazy to think that I will give Nathan to you.No one is going to get to hurt him. Even if I did give him to you, there is no way you will win a fight against him. Dream on if you think it would be easy getting your hands on him."

There was silence on the line. The person on the other end thought it through and knew it was close to impossible trying to hurt Nathan. So the best way was to hurt someone he loves
the most.

"Fine. Then it is either you giving us his mom or Gloria. It's that easy. So you choose." Came from the other end of the line.

That was close to impossible. "Ain't no way I am going to put Aunt on the line." Chris replied angrily. He knew for a fact that Nathan would not think twice about killing anyone who harmed his family even if it was him. It is his mother they talking about.

"Then that leaves Gloria. Good choice." The person responded.

Chris who was in love with Gloria will not give Gloria out.Thinking about it. he just yelled into the phone angrily. "Go to hell whoever you are."


"I know you are in atight corner at this time. So I will give you a few hours to think it through. I will call you in two hours. Make sure you got the right response then or the police might come knocking on your door. No pressure." The person said sweetly before hanging up.

As soon as the call ended. Chris shouted from his lungs. "No pressure my foot." He looked down to the burner phone in his hand. He was about to throw it out when he recalled his life was at stake.


With his personal phone in his hand, he threw it hard hitting the wall and it scattered at the moment. He began throwing blows on his bed as he was saying angrily. "No pressure,no pressure but you expect me to snitch on the brv's."
"Ahhh" He just wanted to hit somebody to ease the tension he was feeling at that moment. Two hours will arrive in just a blink of an eye but he still couldn't bring himself to hurt any of the two.


Aunt was the apple of Nathan's eyes. And although he claims he feels nothing for Gloria, Chris was unsure. After all. Gloria was Nathan's first love. How could he bring himself to hurt anyone of them without Nathan coming out at him.

Nathan might destroy him after he finds out he had a hand in either. Gloria was also his love. He had always been in love with Gloria but he didn't dare to express his feelings.

Thinking it through, he didn't know what else to do. That was when it hit him. Nathan is married now. Is marriage was a rush. And to him, Nathan married Hilda just to help her and nothing else. So if he could get whoever it is to go after Hilda.thinking Nathan is madly in love with Hilda, it wouldn't be a problem as Nathan doesn't really love Hilda like he does his mom and Gloria.

Yeah that's it. He thought.
###Chapter 85

The burner phone rang as soon as the two hours was up.

"Have you made your decision?"

"Yes I have." Chris replied.

"Alright then. Who is it going to be? Nathan's mom or Gloria?"

"None of them." Chris replied.

"Is that so? Alright. Don't blame me for your decision." Came angrily from the other end of the phone.

"No, no, no. That's not what I meant. I got someone far more important that I can replace Gloria with." Chris replied worriedly.

"Who else could be the perfect person if not Nathan's first love or mom?"


"There is someone. Her name is Hilda."

"Hilda? Who is she and what is she to Nathan? And why would she be the perfect candidate?"

"She is the most important person in Nathan's life now aside his family. She is the daughter of the Adams family. You might have heard of her. She had been in the news a few months back." Christopher explained.

"So what has she got to do with Nathan that makes her more
important than Gloria. Do not think about fooling me here as I hold the cards."


"She and Nathan got a thing." He hurriedly replied.

"She being his lover doesn't make her a possible candidate.Choose between Gloria and his mom now. Or you can kiss good bye to all your good life." The voice replied coldly.

"No, no, no, you don't get it. She is Nathan's wife. She is married to Nathan."

"What? Nathan is married?"

"Yes. They have been married for a few months now. And they are both happily enjoying their marriage."

Hahahahahaha. The voice laughed. "Who would have thought.Isn't she the ex girlfriend of that Daniel Stephenson? How come she is married with Nathan. Unless they have already had this affair behind Daniel."

"But thinking of it, why would you want tell me this? When you could just give Gloria to me? Why Hilda then?" The voice asked confused.


"Like you said she is the former girlfriend of Daniel. And she happens to be the black sheep of the family. The Adams family and the Clemon family are no where close in status. I think Nathan deserves better. He deserves someone qualified as he his."
"Hilda is no where close to being that perfect wife for him.And she now has Nathan wrapped in his hand. To me, she is not worthit. Nathan deserves someone better. So getting Hilda out of the way will be a little bad for him but I think he will be fine after some grieving."

Thinking about it on the other end, the person agreed. "Alright.All I need to do now is distract Nathan. Keep the phone beside you. And answer whenever it rings." After which the person hanged up.

Thinking back to that day, Chris didn't know whether it was a right decision he made giving Hilda out.

He starred at the burner phone in his hand and dialed one. As soon as the call was connected, a very cheerful robotic voice came from the end. "Hey Chris, so good to hear from you.What do you want?"

"You told me no one will be able to trace the accident but here,Kyle and Samuel already had the assassin who caused the accident. And with my knowledge of them, they already have something more about the accident." He worriedly barked into the phone.

"You should not be worried. Nothing is going to be trace.Everything done is irretraceable." Came the response.

"You do not know who you are dealing with. Kyle just left my place talking about a meet up point. And you should know with their expertise, they would go to heaven and back if
possible to find even the tiniest evidence to trace whoever."
Chris said worriedly.

The person at the other end frowned thinking about it. Of course he didn't leave anything traceable but to be certain, he needs to get a second check. Being cautious wouldn't kill anybody.

"There wouldn't be anything traced back to you and I. But just to be careful, I will send you the address."

"Why would you send me the address? I had nothing to do with all this? So why would you want me to? I can't I am sorry."

"Just listen to me. Be sure that even if there is a slight chance I'm going down, I will throw you under the bus to save myself.So you decide whether or not you would want to go check out the place for any hold back." The voice said coldly.

"Fine. Send the location." Chris caved in after sometime.

"If there is the need to burn the place down to the ground, be sure to."


As soon as the call ended, Chris received the location on his phone. He hurriedly changed into different clothes and got out of his apartment.

Looking around, he made sure no one will be following him.Neither being his personal guards or someone from the press.Being sure he was alone at the time, he hurriedly got into the
least expensive car in his garage.

It was a Nissan model for the normal working class. He then drove out of the apartment at full speed.




Not far from his apartment, Kyle had been parked there for over an hour since he left Chris's apartment. As soon as he saw him getting into the cheapest car in his garage.Kyle frowned but still didn't make any move.

He turned on his engine as he waited for Chris as he thought about all that was going on in his mind.
###Chapter 86

This can only be a dream. I just hope it isn't what I was thinking. Chris might have something he needs to attend to that's why he decided to move low key. It can't be what I'm thinking. Kyle had this running through his mind as he tailed Chris all the way down towards his location.

Chris who was so shaken up and in regrets of what he had done had no idea he was being followed. He just drove without checking whether he was being tailed or not. He had his fingers in his mouth as he bit his nails whiles driving with the other.

He was thorn between betrayal and regret. He couldn't bring himself to think about what he would do if someone was to find out about what he had done. Driving all the way to an abandoned village in town, he finally packed.

He hurriedly got down from the car and rushed into the building looking behind him as he placed a glove on his hands.After rushing in, he checked all the rooms for any evidence that could be traced to whoever the person could be but there none.

He then came out and came back to his car boot. He opened it and took out a galloon of fuel. He then went around the house all the while shaking as he poured it all over it and then inside it.

As he came out, he was about to walk to his car for a lighter
when he saw a familiar car with a familiar person smoking beside the car. Immediately he saw the person, he dropped the gallon from his hand and shuttered. "K. Ky. Kyl, Kyle?"

"Wha., what are you doing here?" He asked completely frightened at the moment.

Kyle just stared at him coldly and asked. "What made you do this?"

He dropped down to his knees completely in regret as he said."I did not want to to this. I had no other choice. I tried but I couldn't do anything to stop it."

Kyle didn't even finish smoking his cigarette but threw it down and stomped on it as he walked towards him in large strides.Immediately he got closer to him, he raised his fists and punched him in the face. As much as he could.

"We are a family. What happened to always and forever? What couldn't you have a choice that you had to harm Nathan in this way. He is your brother for god's sake." Kyle spoke up angrily.

"I knew he was my brother and I had no other choice. What was I to do when asked to choose between his mother and Gloria? You know I would never hurt aunt and I know Nathan's first love his Gloria but what about Hilda? She was just a nobody. She just got lucky and got married to Nathan. I do not think Nathan is even in love with her."

"No one was suppose to get hurt in this. I tried to save aunt
and Gloria. It was a necessary evil. You can think whatever you want but I did not mean for it to happen this way. You should be grateful that none of them is dead at the least."Chris replied as he fell back from the punches he recieved from Kyle.


"Grateful? Necessary evil? Did you have to sacrifice Hilda? And why would you think she got lucky? It is rather Nathan who got lucky. What you think does not even matter as they were both happy married. What evil had you do this? What was being used to blackmail you that you could not have told us about it?"


"Did you think about what Samuel wilI think or do when he finds out what you have done? Samuel has grown fond of Hilda. He joking accepting Hilda as his sworn sister and will be willing to go the extra mile for her."

"Why didn't you think about all this and how we've been there for you all this while but then you chose to stab us all in the back. When have we ever turned our back on you when you had your troubles? When have we not fought for your justice even when we knew you were even guilty? How could you do this? You had a deal with the enemy just for your own selfish gain."

"Yet again why not throw Gloria under the bus but rather Hilda? What wrong didn't Gloria do to Nathan? And Hilda,what wrong has she done for you to do this to her? She is just a simple girl who caught the eye of our brother. So is that a crime enough for you to sentence her to death?"
"Or no,you would rather have Nathan marry Gloria than be with Hilda?. After all who doesn't know that you are in love with Gloria. Just so you know. Gloria will never see you as she sees Nathan and the fact that you had just thrown Hilda under the bus for her wouldn't even change the way she feels about you."


"Your love is an unrequited love. But the bond between we the four brothers was a love far better than what you had for Gloria. And no you didn't care. Just that alone should make you think back to who made you who you are today.It is all of us. Family alone conquers all but no, you choose a deal with our enemies than confiding in us. I just hope you thought about the consequences before getting yourself into it.
###Chapter 87

Listening to the disappointed tone of Kyle. Chris felt there was a hint of unjust in it. To him, why would Kyle talk to him like this because of Hilda? Like who the h*ll is Hilda that even because of her. Kyle will be talking to him like this.

He angrily block Kyle's punches as he tried to fight back. "Don't you think you are being unfair? Eh? I had less than two hours to choose between aunt and Gloria. But I didn't. I chose Hilda whom you all have barely known for a year but here you are throwing punches at me and talking about betrayal."Chris barked angrily.

"You don't get it. How can you still justify yourself at this moment? You broke a code when you decided to sell Hilda out.That's betrayal. You betrayed Nathan." Kyle retorted.

"But I had no other choice."

"To hell with you had no other choice. What about confiding in us? Did you think we wouldn't have been able to get through this together? Since when did you start having such little faiths in us?" Kyle asked completely disappointed.

"Since Nathan decided to make Hilda his full attention, he completely forgot what it felt like being in charge. Like the world revolves around her. But she is nothing than a cheap girl who got lucky by climbing into Nathan's bed. Nathan got to come back to being that devil that everyone fears and not that romantic man he is trying to be." Chris said completely
agitated.

Kyle was dumbfounded when he heard him. At this time,they had both being exchanging blows so much that each of them had blood in their clothes. Kyle chose to take Chris's attacks head on and went on offense as well when Chris fought back.

Their attacks were militaristic. Simple and direct but they aimed for the vitals every single time. There were no flashy moves as they were going in with nothing but speed and strength.

Chris and Kyle traded multiple blows. He could go toe to toe with Kyle in the first few moments but Kyle increased his strength with every passing second.

Eventually, Chris's arm was getting numb and the force behind Kyle's punches rattled Chris's chest, making his insides churn.It was as if someone was squeezing his heart, and he was trying to get rid of that thing.

Kyle's final punch broke through Chris's defenses, creating a perfect opening for the deciding blow. Kyle didn't give Chris any chance to respite, and he slammed his feet against Chris's chest.


Chris was sent flying backwards from the impact of the attack.He fell to the ground with a sickening crunch and stayed there completely shocked. But what he didn't know was that, Kyle had held back when he delivered that kick.


With a grim expression on, Kyle slowly crunched down beside
his car utterly infuriated at Chris.

Reaching out for his phone, he sent his location to Gasper after which he called him.


"I sent you a location. Get here with the others as soon as possible. It is the location of the meet up point."

"That was quick. How did you?" Gasper asked not because he doubted Kyle but was surprised.

"Don't be worried about that. When you get here,you would get to know."

"Alright then. We will be there as soon as possible." After hanging up Gasper ordered the others to tag along as soon as fast as they could.

As for Chris, he was completely terrified as he looked at Kyle in a pitiful way. "You can't do this to me. The other's wouldn't mind tearing me into pieces. Let me go. I had no choice Kyle.You know what they do to those who betray them. And don't forget who Gasper is and how far he would be willing to go for Nathan. I was left with no other choice!"

Kyle just stared coldly at Chris who clenched his chest without making a statement.




At the hospital.

Inside Hilda's ward, she had been crying all this while after
Samuel left her room. She wants to see Nathan but Nuella advised her against it.

But this time. Samuel himself entered her room and gave Nuella orders to get Hilda changed into a dry hospital gown for her to be wheeled into Nathan's ward. As her other gown was soaked wet with tears and snort.


Hilda was feeling a little uneasy as she thought about seeing Nathan like this. But Samuel already told her what she had to do for her to be able to walk again.

Thinking about leaving her husband who was fighting for his life for her to go treat herself felt selfish to her. She just wanted to be with Nathan when he needed her the most. But now.all she did was to push herself away from him.

Now that no one knew when Nathan would open his eyes
again, and she was about to leave him for her own treatment.all that she thought about was, what would he think about her
when he opens his eyes and she isn't the first thing he sees.

All this thoughts were running through her mind as she was wheeled by Samuel into Nathan's room.

Samuel wanted to comfort her but he didn't know the very words to use. He knows this is already hard as it is that she couldn't walk. But now leaving the person she had began to fall in love with to a date unknown was worse.

Opening Nathan's ward, Samuel wheeled Hilda inside. When Hilda saw Nathan completely covered in bandages with
wounds all over, tears fell from her eyes. Samuel tapped her on the shoulder. "You got to be strong. He wouldn't want to see you shedding tears."

Hilda nodded at Samuel.

Samuel looked at Nathan for a while before excusing himself."I will be outside."

Leaving the couple to themselves.
###Chapter 88

The Patriarch was dumbfounded after Collin told him everything he had investigated so far. He could not process all that he had just heard. "No, that can't be possible. How could Nathan?"


Collin had his head bowed as the Patriarch just paced about in the room.

"How did you get to know?" He asked.

"Sir, I did follow Samuel, Kyle and Chris earlier. That was how I got to know."

"But she is just a lowlife ex girlfriendof the Stephenson group's heir. How could Nathan stoop so low to marry her? Find out everything about her right away. And bring me to see my grandson."

There was no way the Patriarch will agree to a marriagre that wouldn't improve the status of their family. To him, marriage between their family and any other family should be able to raise the family business and status. There is no way he would agree to Hilda being his grandson's wife.

HHe was utterly disappointed in Nathan.




Hilda held Nathan by the hand as she wiped her tears. "
Nathan, I know you can hear me. It's mne Hilda. Your dearest
wife." She smiled as she said that.

"I miss you so much already. Please wake up. Fight this like the commando I know you to be. I will love to be here with you at this time but you know clumsy little me already got myself into a problem myself."

"I know it's selfless of me to say this but I'm here to say my goodbyes. Although we would be seas apart, I just want you to know that I will always be thinking about you. How I wish you could just open your eyes now and tell me not to leave."

"Nathan, I miss you so much. I won't be able to survive another day knowing very well that you are lying here like this.But I want you to know that I will always be with you."

"I don't know how long I'm gonna be away for but just know,I will fight this so I get to be with you as soon as possible. I'm sure you might have already heard about my accident. Yeah."Hilda said sadly.

Nathan who was happy as he heard Hilda's voice was rather confused at what she was saying.

'Where is she going?'

'Which trouble did she get herself into?'

'What accident?'

When he heard Hilda talk about the accident, he struggled with all his might to open his eyes. My pumpkin got into an
accident? How? She needs me. Her voice is breaking. She can t be crying.

Pumpkin, don't cry. Wipe your tears. I will always be with you.I will fight this.

At this time outside Nathan's ward, Samuel was waiting outside and making sure no one intrudes on the love birds when he saw the Patriarch headed his way.

'Oh sh*t!' He cursed and then walked away from Nathan's room to meet the Patriarch halfway.

"Grandpa" He greeted.

"How is your health?" He added.

"My boy, I'm feeling better. You already know how strong I am. It will take more than enough to make me feel weak." The Patriarch said jokingly.

"Hahahahaha" Samuel laughed.

"You are going to see Nathan I guess?" He asked.

"Yes. How's my grandson doing now?" The Patriarch asked.Guessing from where Samuel came from, he knew that he had gone to see Nathan.

"He is fighting it. And the injuries are being treated. He will be better in no time. And with his strong will to live, he will be up in a few days." Samuel said seriously.
"That's my grandson. I won't be taking much of your time now. I will go see him for myself." With that, the Patriarch walked pass Samuel as he intended to go see Nathan.

Samuel panicked at this as he instinctively blocked the path of the Patriarch. "You can't go in there now grandpa." He quickly added.


The Patriarch frowned when Samuel blocked his path but hearing him now, he frowned even more deeper. "What is I can't go in now? Why, what is it?" He asked practically confused.

At this point, beads of sweat formed on Samuel's forehead as he tried to explain. "The doctor and nurses are in there treating his injury. Going in there now is not advisable as it will distract their treatment and the wounds might end up being infected. You should go back now. I will get the nurse to bring you in there later after they are all done."

The crease formed on the forehead of the Patriarch unfolded as he listened to Samuel's explanation. He understood better that it's the time for the doctors to treat his grandson. As he didn't want to be imposing and have them pause their treatment midway, which might cause an infection to Nathan's wound,he agreed to go back to his room.

"Alright then. I will be waiting on the nurse to come for me then." He agreed without thinking about any other reason.

"Sure grandpa." Samuel exhaled after the Patriarch walked away. Because, he wouldn't have known how to explain how
Hilda had the right to be with Nathan. He looked back to Nathan's room and then his watch then reached out for his phone.

He dialed Nuella's number. "Come be of watch as Mrs. Clemon stays with her husband. I have a patient to attend to."

"Alright." Came the response.

Hilda who had been with Nathan for the entire afternoon felt tired. Without knowing. She slept off.In her sleep, she felt like a hand was moving along her face. She shook her head and then proceeded to sleep again.

This time around, the hand was in her hair. To her, she was sleeping so she said angrily without knowing. "Stop it!" Whiles hitting the hand in her hair.

At this point, she frowned. She felt the pain as she hit the person. But how could it be possible. I'm dreaming unless...

That's when she opened herself, raised her head and looked at the man lying on the bed. "Nathan!" She cried out happily.
###Chapter 89

Gasper together with James, Dennis and Stanley got into two different cars respectfully. Gasper shared James's car with him as Dennis and Stanley also shared Dennis's car. Stanley hadn't been himself since the accident with his boss and madam.


Dennis understood how he was feeling so he decided not to add to his turmoil there by silence ensured in their car all the way to the location where as it was the exact opposite for the others. James and Gasper were in rage as they couldn't fathom what has happened.

The big four was feared by everyone and it was impossible to infiltrate their privacy. Gasper could not comprehend how someone could get to attack Nathan when they were the least alert. To him, there was an insider who knew when to attack.


What he didn't know was that his assumptions would soon be true.


After driving for a while, the cars arrived at the designated location. As soon as they got off, they were all confused by what they saw.

Gasper hurriedly rushed over to Kyle. Crunching down to help him up he asked. "What happened here?"

Kyle took his hand and got off the floor but didn't respond.Dennis hurried over to his boss. "You okay Sir? Do you need something?" He asked.
"I'm fine. Don't worry about me. It's him that you should be worried about." With that he pointed towards Christopher.

Chris who was lying down motionless looked on and saw James and Stanley headed for him. They tried to help him up but he declined their help. "Don't touch me." He yelled angrily.

Everyone else was confused as to why he would be mad at them as James and Stanley were just trying to be of help.

"Get him into the car!" Kyle ordered coldly.

'Huh? Did they just here Kyle ordering them to put Chris into the car?' With confused look, James and Stanley starred at each other and then back at Kyle.

"Yes you heard me. Get him into the car. He will be coming with us to the base. He got a lot of explaining to do." Kyle explained.

The more they all listened to Kyle, the more confused they got.

When Kyle saw the confused look they were giving him, he sighed before explaining. "He will be telling us about his plan to get rid of Hilda because to him, she didn't deserve Nathan which ended up getting both Nathan and Hilda on their death bed."

"What?"

As if a bomb had been dropped, James, Stanley, Gasper and Dennis couldn't believe his words. Confusion, anger and rage
was all the expression they had on their faces. Stanley couldn't bring himself to believe it.

'No, no, no. It's not possible.' He thought.

Dennis was just also not believing what he had just heard. But it coming from his boss, he knew that was the truth. 'But why?'

Gasper's thought were running in a frenzy. He quickly rushed over to Chris who was beaten and almost half dead and raised his fists. His fist was just few inches from Chris's face when Kyle appeared right in front of him.

He caught Gasper's fist which was mere inches away from Chris and shook his head. "Save that for later."

Gasper was pissed. "Save that for later? Like seriously? He is a snitch. How could he have done this to Nathan? What if Nathan doesn't survive?" He blurted out exasperatedly

"You might end up killing him. And since we need him to get to the bottom of this, how about you go look inside the house for what could be left." Kyle responded.

Gasper shook his hand out of Kyle's grip as he angrily smashed the wall before walking away. Cracks formed on the wall from the impact of the punch. Chris looked at Gasper who was walking away and then the cracks from his punch and knew for a fact that that punch would have been the end of him.

He knew about how strong Gasper was but now seeing the
cracks formed on the wall from just a blow, he shuddered.

James and Stanley hurled him from the ground and into Kyle's car.Dennis shook his head as he starred at Chris. He has never once imagined that the fall of the big four will be from one of their very one.

After ensuring that there was no way Chris could escape, Kyle locked his car and with the others following, he walk into the abandoned house.


They began looking for anything that could be used to trace whoever it is that was here but there was none. After looking around for the nth time, Gasper voiced out.

"There is nothing traceable here. How about we get on with getting everything out of Chris? We are just wasting our time."

The others nodded as they already despised Chris for what he had done. They couldn't wait to get Chris tortured.

But the moment Kyle was about to respond, they heard all the car alarms going off.

"What the h*ll?" Kyle knew at once that something had happened. Which is either Chris had managed to escape or there is someone eIse out there.


He rushed out followed by the others. Only to be greeted with a sight of a car speeding off from the location as far as it could.Where as their car tyres were completely flat. There was no way they could chase after the car.
"D*mn it!" Gasper cursed.

No one would have thought that Chris could be able to get away yet still for him to be rescued by someone.

They had underestimated their enemy.

Looking at the direction where the car had sped off, Kyle bit on his teeth so hard. He had wanted to go easy on Chris as they had always been brothers. That was why he held Gasper back. But looking at what had happen now, he knew for a fact there is no way anyone will be willing to let him go.

"What do we do now?" Stanley asked.

"We need to find out whoever is behind all of this." Kyle responded.

"But for now, we need to get to the base first. Get someone to bring a car over." He added as he walked back into the house.
###Chapter 90

"Pumpkin." Nathan called out weakly.

Hilda held onto Nathan's hand tightly as she cried tears of joy.
"Nathan,you are up."

"Yes." He responded as he squeezed his face from the pain with much difficulty.

When Hilda saw that she quickly said. "Lemme call the doctor."With that she began to wheel herself from the room. But no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't wheel it. She wasn't used to the wheelchair so she had no idea how to operate it.

She then yelled out. "Samuel." But there was no response.She then called out again. But it was the same deafening silence.

She felt dejected and turned to look at Nathan who had his eyes closed again.

She held him by the hand and shook him a little scared."Nathan?"


He didn't make any movement. Hilda freaked out and shook him again. "Nathan?" This time around, he responded weakly.

"Mmm" He was in so much pain that he couldn't bring himself to open his eyes again. And then seeing Hilda in the hospital gown, he couldn't fathom what was going on. How long as it been? To him, it had just been some few hours that he had been away.
And now. Hilda is in a hospital gown just like him but she was in a wheel chair. What else had happened since he was in the coma? Thinking about it,he blamed himself.

Nuella who had gone to use the washroom kinda heard Hilda's voice so she rushed in. "Mrs. Clemon, you called out?" She blurted as soon as she got in.

"Yes. Nathan is up. Get the doctor." She responded.

Nuella looked to the bed but could only see Nathan lying down still with his eyes still close. She starred back at Hilda but didn't voice out her opinion.

She was in the military. And in the military,you are to obey orders without questions. "Yes Ma'am." She turned around and walked outside to get the doctor.

But then she walked back inside again with a worried expression on. "Mrs Clemon,..."

"Please call me Hilda and why are you back here already? Did you get the doctor?" Hilda cut her off and asked impatiently.

Nuella explained worriedly. "AIright,Hilda."

"I am yet to call the doctor as it would be a little inconvenient for you if anyone is to see you in here at this time." She voiced out worriedly.

"I will take you to your room and from there, I will call the doctor. How about that?" She added.
Hilda knew her worries were expected. It would be questionable if anyone found her in here. But she didn't want to leave Nathan.


Nathan who had been lying down with his eyes closed noticed Hilda's worries. He knew she was worried about him but what Nuella said was right. Their marriage was a secret and not many people knew about it.

This won't be the right condition to bring their marriage to light. He opened his eyes with great pain and smiled weakly at Hilda. "Pumpkin, I will be fine. Let the doctors check on me now. And you can come back and be with with me later. What about that?" He said weakly and with much difficulty.

"Alright Hun. I love you." Hilda responded.

"I love you too." Nathan replied back weakly.

Nuella who was shocked when she saw Nathan's eyes open was just starring at him with mouth wide open. She was beyond excited. Who could have thought Nathan would have been up this soon.

She then saluted him.""Sir!"

Nathan smiled and said weakly. "No need to salute me. I am no more in the military."

"You will always be my boss sir, so I will salute you whenever."She replied happily. With the thought that Nathan was up.
Nathan who knew how stubborn she was did not say anything any longer. He just nodded his head and said to take Hilda away.

Hilda kissed Nathan on his hand and then Nuella pushed her away from Nathan's ward into her ward.

As soon as they left his room, Nathan could not hold in any longer. As his expression twisted into that of pain. He was in so much pain but pretended to be alright so not to bother Hilda. And thinking about her who was in the wheel chair, he had wanted to ask but held back because he found it difficult to speak.


Samuel rushed into Nathan's ward as soon as Nuella told him about it. He checked all the basics of NNathan's health with a serious tone without saying anything. He had received a call from Kyle not long ago telling him about what Chris had done.

Although it was a great news that Nathan was up, thinking about wwhat Chris had done, he couldn't bring himself to think about being happy now.

Chris is still out there and with all the information he has about the others, he is a force to be reckoned with. Although he might not be able to destroy any of them, they have no idea what who he is working with could do.

After doing all the basic tests and making sure Nathan was all fine, he forced a smile. "Bro,"

Nathan smiled back weakly and asked. "How am I?"
"You are awake. That was all that mattered. The injuries and broken bones are all healing. You should be better in six months." Samuel replied in a serious tone.

"Six months?" Nathan tried to sit up as he spoke but he couldn't.


"Yeah six months. Preferably you stay in bed. But I'm not sure how your stubborn a** will be taking it. And for now,all you can do is to lay down." Samuel replied.

Nathan looked at Samuel and asked in a difficult tone. "What happened to my wife?"

As soon as Samuel heard that, he froze for a single while and looked straight into Nathan's cold eyes.
###Chapter 91

Nathan knew the seriousness of the accident when Samuel was quiet.He panicked.

"What's going on? What happened?"

"It's a little complicated now. But it doesn't look like it was just an accident." Samuel said seriously.

"What do you mean by that? Did the Adams family go after her?" Nathan asked already exasperated.

"It wasn't even the Adams family." Samuel shook his head.

Nathan got the more confused. If it wasn't the Adams family,then who else could have gone after Hilda. "Don't tell me my family already found out."

"No, no, no. Not your family. They are sill in the dark about your marriage." Samuel shook his head as he responded.

"Then who else could it be?" Nathan looked on at Samuel waiting for an answer.

Samuel was about to respond to him when the door to Nathan's ward was opened and a clear and excited voice was heard."You are up my son."

Mrs.Clemon and her husband entered. They had just found out about Nathan being up so they rushed in as soon asthey could."My dear, how are feeling?" She added as she stood beside Nathan's bed crying tears of joy.
"Mom, I'm fine. What's with the tears? It's not like I am going to die." Nathan said amusingly.

"You scared me either way." Mrs. Clemon responded as she wiped the tears off her face. And then she turned to Samuel.

"Has the doctor done his checks? What did he say?"

"His doctor is currently performing a surgery on another patient. But I have personally checked on him. He will be fine aunt. All that's left his the injuries he sustained that needs to heal." Samuel replied.

"Alright. My dear, lemme get them to make something for you now."' She turned to her husband. "Hun, please call the chef at home and let her make some soup for my boy." She requested.

Mr. Clemon had always doted on his wife. He smiled as he saw his son awake. He nodded to his wife. "I will surely Madame." He said as he bow down a little to her.


Mrs. Clemon just laughed and hit him on the shoulder shyly."Don't be so cheesy."

Samuel just laughed where as Nathan voiced out. "Stop acting all lovey dovey in front of me. I just came out of a coma. It's making me cringe."

They all burst out laughing.

After talking some more with Nathan, a nurse came in to check on his wounds and treat them. They had to wait outside so
they bid their good byes to Nathan and walked out. Samuel also did same although Nathan wanted to get to the bottom of what they were discussing earlier.

"I got a patient to attend to. I will be back here later." Samuel said and walked out.


Nathan gritted his teeth when he thought about what Samuel had said earlier. Hilda was in the wheel chair thanks to someone. The fact that he was not able to protect her was killing him so much that he screamed out loud.

He felt like the beast inside of him was burning with rage.Who ever had the nerve to attack Hilda didn't seem to fear him.He needed to get to the bottom of what happen. The person needs to face his wrath.


The nurse who was treating his wound freaked out as soon as Nathan screamed. She thought she was the reason why he screamed. And that she had touch his wounds making it burn him. She started apologizing. "I'm sorry sir. I didn't mean to hurt you."

Nathan saw the scared look on her face and brushed her off."It doesn't hurt. Just be quick with it."

What did he mean by it doesn't hurt? He just screamed out loud but he is telling me it doesn't hurt. Maybe it's because he doesn't want me to know that he could be this vulnerable. And because he is a man. He wants to fake being okay with the pain. Thinking about this, the nurse took her time slowly as
she treated his wounds so as for him to feel less pain.

Meanwhile inside Hilda's ward, she was so happy that she held onto Nuella's hand joyously. "Nathan is up."

"Yes, he is up." Nuella responded.

"I can't believe it. But that means I will be leaving him soon."She said sadly.

"Yeah, you need to get well too. I will be with you through your sessions." Nuella comforted her.


Although Hilda would love to be with Nathan at this time,she knew her health was also at stake. Samuel told her that if she did delay any longer, the possibility of her walking again will be low. Thinking about this. She wondered about what Nathan will think when he asks about the accident. He will think she is clumsy. She thought sadly.
###Chapter 92

Kyle was giving out instructions to their underlying's in the base. They had to search everywhere possible and hack anything to find out Chris's current location.

What he didn't know was that, at this time, in the centre of the city. Chris was lying in bed as a doctor attended to his injuries.

Beside him stood Mr. Richards. Who had his hands in his pockets and his back to the door.

"Where am I?" Chris asked as he turned to look around his surroundings.

"You shouldn't be worried about that. No one will find you here." Mr. Richard replied.

"But why are you here?" Chris asked confused. He and Mr.Richards had never seen eye to eye as the man hated that Nathan was controlling the Clemon Group.

"You should be thanking me as I just saved your live. You and I know very well that Kyle wouldn't have let you go scot free."He responded without answering him.

The doctor treated his wounds silently and walked out as soon as he was done. He happened to be an in house doctor for Mr.Richards. He knew when to stay and when to leave.

"It's you!" Chris pointed at him.

"Hahaha. What have I done?" He asked amusing raising his
eyebrow at him.

"You caused all this right?" Chris replied angrily.

"Why are you giving me all the credit?" He asked.

"But then who else should I give the credit." He asked angrily.

"Don't forget you had a role to play in it. Without you, al this wouldn't have been possible." He responded.

Chris gritted his teeth after hearing what he said. "What do you mean by that? You gave me no choice. You think if I had a choice I would have oblige?"

"Whether you had a choice or not, you were a part of it. And now that they already know, shouldn't you be thinking of a way to evade them? Because, you already know what would happen to you when they find you."

"Oh, no, no, they wouldn't do anything to you. After all you've been together for years. They will forgive you as you had no choice." Mr. Richard added sarcastically.

"Leave me alone! Get out!" Chris shouted angrily at him. After all it was because of him that he had ended up in this mess.

Mr. Richards just looked at him and responded. "Don't forget where you are. If there is someone who has to get out, you and I know perfectly well who should."

Chris knew what he meant by that after all he was in his house. "Fine!" Chris replied stubbornly. He got out from the
bed and staggered helplessly as he had planned to walk out.

"I didn't want anything to do with you anyway."He said as he walked past Mr. Richards.

Mr. Richards just smiled. "Alright. But I'm pretty sure Kyle will be searching high and low for you at this moment."

Chris paused his steps after hearing what he said. He knew for a fact that it wouldn't be long for Kyle to find him if he walks out of here. Thinking about it. he shrugged his shoulders and asked. "Can I get a cigar?

He needed a smoke to think straight at the moment.
###Chapter 93

The next day, inside The Bridals Shop, Carmen was accompanied by Daniel's mother as she tried on her wedding gown. She was so elated when she received the caIl from Daniel s mother earlier who volunteered to help her choose her gown.Although the wedding date wasn't yet fixed.

To her, she thought they couldn't wait to add her the pretty Carmen to join their family. She was so excited that she postponed her meet and greet with her fans that she had to attend.

"My dear, this dress will be the perfect fit. Go on and try it on.It will look prettier on you."

"Alright Aunt" Carmen responded with her face full of smiles.She had been accompanied by Daniel's mom to try on her wedding dress. She couldn't believe it.

Although it was expected that she might help with the wedding planning. Carmen never in her wildest dream think about her personally volunteering to help her choose her gown.

Who would have thought that the wedding was going to happen this soon? But what others didn't know was that the Stephenson family was on the verge of declaring bankruptcy.That was the need for the rush all of a sudden.

Daniel agreed to pursue Carmen all thanks to his dad. His family already knew he was dating Hilda. And how much he cared for her. But after their company started losing contracts
and inflation came in, they needed a chance at surviving.

The Adams Group was the perfect way to jump back into the game. But when Mr. Stephenson, Daniel's dad got to know that Hilda was just a live in daughter of the Adams family and that she had no links to the Adams Group, he persuaded his son to go in for the big fish of the Adams family rather.

The Adams family had many beautiful daughters. He was forced to send Hilda whom he loved away in hopes of getting married to one of her cousins or sisters. And then acquire access to their share in the Adams Group and in turn divorce them. Even before Hilda will be back.

Carmen became bait as she immediately threw herself at Daniel as soon as Hilda was gone. Daniel then knew she would be the perfect candidate. He went along with Carmen's antics and in turn he woed her.


Carmen who went to only have a taste of Daniel and to boost about it to Hilda ended up falling for Daniel. To her,Daniel was also in love with her but no one knew where Daniel's feelings really lied.

Early this morning, his dad called him into the study and asked him to rush with the marriage. He didn't want to but there was no other way. If he wanted to still be the heir to the Stephenson Group, then he would have to rush with the wedding.

But if only he wanted to be the heir to nothing at a1.then he
could choose to hold off the wedding. That was all his dad said to him.

Daniel had known nothing than being a spoilt brat rich kid.Since he was born, he had been living in riches. He had been living like a prince and with his pride, he was sure he wouldn't survive even a day living poor.

He had never thought that there was going to come a day when his family would be this poor. Thinking about the fact that things were going to change, he made up his mind.

At the very least, he could get to divorce her after getting her shares in the Adams Group.




Sonnia, whose family own The Bridals Shop was currently checking out some gown designs with their designer when she heard Carmen voice. She paused and got up to check who it was.

"Miss Sonnia, where are you going to? Your design still needs a little finishing. Don't think because you got me lunch so you can go out today too" Debbie called after her.

"Shh. I'm not going anywhere. I will complete my design later and don't worry. The lunch from earlier wasn't me bribing you.
I got something else to bribe you with later" Sonnia smiledas she replied and walked out of Debbie's office.

Debbie shook her head when she heard what Sonnia had said.
She had been covering up for Sonnia every time she had a design to complete.

Sonnia was never interested in fashion designing. She had always wanted to be a software engineer. But because her parents were in the designing field, she had to switch courses.

Debbie had been with Sonnia for so long that she knew Sonnia still took computer science courses aside the designing. She was a part timer at her parents fashion shop but since she had computer science classes, she always bribes Debbie with free lunch or movie tickets.

Debbie loved Sonnia like her younger sister so practically,she would give in to her bribes so she could go for her classes.Although Sonnia didn't take the fashion designing seriously,she had been designing some few gowns since she was a certified designer.

But designing without passion was just raw. Sonnia didn't have that passion and so all her designs were raw till Debbie adds a little touch.


And now that she was teaching Sonnia a little or two about her designs, this was when she decided to go out.

Debbie smiled and shook her head as she watched Hilda walk out of her office and whispered. "What would you do without me."


She was so fond of her that she just had to do the finishes to the designs without thinking twice.
###Chapter 94

Sonnia rushed out of the office whiles cursing under her breathe. 'Was it that b*tch's voice I just heard? She had no fear showing herself here after what she did to Hilda.'

In the fitting room,

"Miss, this dress looks so good on you." The shop attendant who helped Carmen with the gown praised.

Carmen who was delighted as she watched herself inthe mirror replied haughtily. "Thank you but I can see."

With that, she walked up and down in the gown as she admired herself in the mirror happily. She walked out after a while of admiring herself.

"Aunt." She called out shyly as soon as she came out of the fitting room.

"Aww my dear, you look really stunning." Mrs. Stephenson said as soon as she cast her eyes on Carmen. And that was no lie. The wedding gown has accentuated Carmen's curves and the off shoulder fitted top part wrapped around her boobs had her looking so dashing.

Even Sonnia who was currently looking at Carmen had her mouth wide open. She looked completed out of space. She couldn't believe what she was seeing. "Of course she looks stunning...." She voiced out.
They all turned to the voice. It was Sonnia.

Carmen was shocked when she saw her. Sonnia is complementing her? Unbelievable!. After all. Sonnia was Hilda's friend. And they had never seen eye to eye before. But what Sonnia said next had her raging with anger.

"All thanks to our designers. If it weren't for them, how could a goodie two shoes boyfriend snatcher look this pretty as a bride? You should be thanking the designers. Not praising this ugly duckling here." Sonnia added in a sweet tone as she walked over.

Mrs. Stephenson was pissed by what Sonnia said. Before Carmen could retort Sonnia, she beat her to it and said. "You brat! Who do you think that you are that you just start spewing nonsense at the first instance you get? What do you know? You shouldn't be saying things you have no clue about."She said furiously to Sonnia.

When Carmen heard her defending her, she felt a little calm but still angered.

Sonnia just laughed and with no regard to what Mrs.Stephenson said, she replied. "Oh? Spewing nonsense?"

She laughed. "HAHAHAHA" as she held her tummy.

"Who doesn't know about this wh*re? She snatched her sister boyfriend and she had no shame but to act all haughty even around her sister." Sonnia voiced out angrily.
Although Hilda didn't complain or act like she was bothered.Sonnia knew she would be. Like how could she just let Carmen just move up with her boyfriend and not seek revenge.

To her, she just wanted Hilda to give her the go ahead so they just gang up on Carmen and teach her a lesson. But Hilda will never let that happen.

Now that she had gotten the chance, there was no way she would just let Carmen walk out without a little lesson.


"Will you shut up?" Carmen yelled hysterically. She had known Sonnia to be someone who didn't care about her image.


But her Carmen, was an actress and she cared a great deal about her image. Looking around the shop,all the shoppers seemed to have just stopped shopping and stared at them.

Who wouldn't be up for a good show.

When Carmen saw this, she acted like she was been wrongly accused as she quickly pinched herself and shed two drops of tears. "You have no idea what you are saying. I didn't do anything wrong. I know my sister never liked me and since you are her best friend, there is no doubt you would also not like me. But lying on my name?"

"That could only mean you are so jealous of me. I never stepped on anyone's toes. And Daniel and I love love each other deeply. I don't see why you would be so mad at that.I know my sister is in love with Daniel. And I have said this a thousand times, if Daniel wants my sister, I will back down.
All I want is for my sister to be happy too."Carmen said in a wobbly voice trying to garner attention.

When the shoppers head Carmen's last sentence,they all sympathized with her. Because if she is willing to let go of the very person she is in love with for her sister, that could only demonstrate the unconditional love she has for her sister.

But why is the person here trying to make her sound like the bad guy? They couldn't wrap their minds around it. U'nless yeah Sonnia was jealous of Carmen.

Sonnia looked at Carmen dumfounded. She already knew all about Carmen's sympathy cards that she pulls out when she defends herself but this was just too much.

"I was even at her apartment the last time. I was there to check up on her and be the sister I am. But she wasn't there.T've been trying to reach her but up until now Icouldn't.l know she is still mad at me. But that doesn't mean she should be moving around with men now. I know you are really close.Can you tell her to come back home? And that we all miss her?But if itother people's men she would be following, it wouldn't end well for her." Carmen added aggrieved.

Sonnia snap. "What are you trying to insinuate here?You think Hilda is a betch like you? You where. You snatched her man and here you are making it seem like she is a bad betch?"She had her hand pointed at Carmen when she said this.

Carmen took the chance and held her hand. "How can I even
say that about my own sister? Do you know how much I love her? How dare you say she is a bad b*tch?" Carmen responded a little angry.

She quickly switched sides making Sonnia the bad one. Sonnia who Carmen had held onto her pulled her hands out of Carmen's grip. But what she hadn't seen coming was Carmen yelling and then crushing down to the ground.

"Oh my God! What have you done?" Mrs. Stephenson yelled as she rushed to help Carmen up.
###Chapter 95

"Oh,how could she!"

"What the hell?"

"Did she just push her?"

The shoppers in the shop whispered among themselves when Carmen fell down. Of course, everyone had seen that Carmen was on the floor because Sonnia pushed her. But what they didn't know was that, the only thing Sonnia did was to pull her hand away from Carmen's grip without any force and that Carmen fell on her own accord.

"Ouch" Carmen groaned as she tried to get up from the floor.

Mrs. Stephenson reached out to help her. After Carmen was up,Mrs. Stephenson turned and 'Smack'. A sound was heard.

Sonnia couldn't believe it. She had been slapped.Holding her cheeks, she stared at Mrs. Stephenson with her hand on her cheeks. "You slapped me?" She couldn't comprehend what had just happened.

"Yes I did. And I wouldn't mind doing it over and over again if you don't stop disrespecting us." Mrs. Stephenson said angrily. She didn't expect that Carmen would be pushed down by Sonnia. And to her, Sonnia was acting too pompous.

"Is this how you treat your customers? I'm even surprise you still have people willing to shop here with this bad customer
service. How could you push her down? After all the insults you haul at her, that didn't seem enough? She is my daughter in law to be so I wouldn't stand here and watch you harm her.I bet you already know who I am?" She added.

Mrs. Stephenson was known as a woman with pride and arrogance.Although people in their social circle didn't fear her,those below her social status is seen in her eyes as pests. She doesn't have no regard for humanity and only cared for those she loved.


Now that Carmen is going to be a part of her family, she wouldn't stand still and watch a common shop attendant to speak ill of her.

"Aunt, it's fine don't worry. It's my fault for coming to shop here. We should just leave for somewhere else. And I don't intend to press charges against her for pushing me now." As Carmen said this, she headed for the fitting room to go and change.

"No my dear. I'm calling the police. This little girl here wouldn'
t just go scot free after all the insults and harm she just caused." When Mrs. Stephenson heard what Carmen said about not wanting to press charges and how she was just going to walk out of the shop, she felt like someone else should be the one
leaving.

Of course Sonnia should leave here but not with her freedom.She had to make her suffer for what she had just done. With that, she took her cellphone from her bag and called her son.
"Daniel, you need to come to the bridal shop now. And don't come alone my dear. Call the police to tag along as someone has beaten up Carmen without a cause." She said in an equally aggrieved and angered tone.

Daniel who was in a meeting at this time furrowed his brows when he heard his mom. He couldn't understand what she meant by that. He looked at the people present and then to his dad.


Although he hadn't wanted to answer the call, when he saw that it was his mom, he had to. After all he didn't want any problems with the wedding. He got up, whispered into his dad's ear who also frowned when he heard what he said and then excused himself.


Daniel has his hand on his forehead as he excused himself from the conference hall. All his mom had to do was help Carmen pick a wedding dress for herself. So what's with this trouble? He was already tired with fighting with Carmen over Hilda and other minor stuffs. So who else will offend them now?

He hurriedly got into the elevator and headed for the car park.As soon as he got into his car, he called Emmett Reils, the police captain of the investigation unit in the city. Emmett and Daniel were mates in the university. So they kinda had that cordial relationship.

Emmett owed Daniel a favor. So Daniel asked him to help out with the trouble at the bridals. After telling Emmett the
location and Emmett agreeing to pass by and solve the issue himself. Daniel hanged up, stepped on the gas pedal and headed for the bridals.


Debbie who heard the commotion from her office rushed down and was greeted with the sigght of Mrs. Stephenson slapping Sonnia. She rushed to Sonnia's aid as she shouted at the shop attendants and designers who were currently gathering around to catch a glimpse of what was going to happen. "What's going on here? And don't you have things to be doing? Disperse and get back to work if you do not intend to loose your jobs."

After which he turned to Sonnia. "Are you okay?"

Sonnia just nodded her head as when she saw how caring Debbie was. "I'm fine. Just that it feels like I got a feww broken teeth."


Debbie couldn't help but shake her head as she scolded. "How can you still be joking around with what's going on? Come on and tell me what happened here."

Sonnia still had her hand on her cheeks and about to respond to Debbie when Mrs. Stephenson beat her to it.

"Are you the manager here?" She asked fuming with rage.

"Yes please I am." Debbie turned around and replied respectfully.

"So why would you rather tend to her first than us the customers? She needs to be dismissed right at this moment for
how she even treated the customers. She came out of no where and started sprewing nonsense because of something she might have heard or seen without any tangible evidence and then hauled insults at them going as far as to even pushed Carmen down onto the cold hard floor."


Mrs. Stephenson didn't know that Sonnia's parent owned the shop so she asked Debbie to dismiss her. Debbie was amused at first when she heard what Mrs. Stephenson said about her dismissing Sonnia. But when she heard about how she sprewed nonsense and hauled insults at them, she turned and stared at Sonnia bewildered.


She knew Sonnia had this bad temper but taking it out on their customers? There must be something more to it. She thought.

Sonnia couldn't take it anymore after she heard all what Mrs.Stephenson said. Although she might have gone overboard,all what she said was the truth. And she didn't push Carmen down. Carmen fell by her own self. She pointed her hand at Mrs. Stephenson with glared eyes.

"I didn't retaliate when you sapped me but that doesn't mean I wouldn't beat you up right here and now if you don't stop twisting what actually happen. I didn't push your dear daughter in law to be."

"She had wanted to fall down by herself and she did. There is no way I will stoop so lowto that two facedb*tch's antics."She bellowed angrilly.
Mrs. Stephenson who had just seen her son arrived wailed as she had her chin puffed up to Sonnia. "Slap me back then.Slap me!" She dared.

Sonnia who had her back to the door and had no idea what was behind her raised her hand and was about to slap Mrs.Stephenson as she couldn't believe the 'old witch' to her. "I will gladly slap you back you old witch!" She responded.

Daniel doubled his steps when he saw what Sonnia was about to do. Sonnia's hand was just mere meters away from Mrs.Stephenson's face when someone grabbed her hand.

"What the hell?"

She turned to be faced with Debbie holding her grip. She stared at her confused.

"You heard her..."
###Chapter 96

"What the hell did you think you were about to do?" Daniel hurriedly pushed Hilda out of the way. Causing both her and Debbie who had held onto her to stagger a few steps back.losing their balance, they fell back down onto the cold hard floor.


"Ouch!" They hissed in pain. Since they both hadn't seen the push coming, they fell so hard that they were in pain.

Hilda stood up hurriedly and help Debbie up from the floor.Just when she was about to call out on Daniel's behavior, they all heard the sound of hurried footsteps coming in their direction.


The footsteps seemed to be for more than two people. Turning to the direction of the entrance of the bridal shop, she was greeted with the sounds of a series of foot steps walking into the shop.

Initially, Sonnia and the others had a hunch that it was their special guest who had an appointment with them that had arrived.


Nevertheless, their gut instincts were proven wrong seconds later when a muscular middle aged man emerged with a dozen of his subordinates following suit.

This stern face police officer was Emmet Reils, the police captain of the investigation unit. Sonnia and the Debbie frowned. Where as the others just stared on confused.
Daniel walked up to them with a big smile reaching his ears as he said respectfully. "Here comes our mighty police captain."He reached out to shake hands with Emmet Reils.


Emmet's sudden appearance was like a silver of hope for Carmen as she had been itching to put Sonnia in her place.So as to tell her who is in control now.

The crowd also murmured among themselves as they thought that Sonnia wouldn't be able to get herself out of this.

"Oh, the police is finally here!" Mrs. Stephenson cried out desperately.

The Stephenson had been known to abuse their power when it comes to dealing with their enemies. Now that Sonnia had stepped on their toes, and they were acquainted with the Police Captain, some where sure she was doom.

Others felt pity for her whiles others thought she deserved it for how she behaved towards the Stephenson's earlier.

With tears in her eyes, Mrs. Stephenson dashed for Carmen and pulled her towards Emmett with tears streaming down her face.

The sight of Mrs. Stephenson running towards him with a girl in her hands caused a look of confusion to flit across Emmett's face. It took him several moments before he realized that the disheveled girl before him with Mrs. Stephenson was the bride to be of acquaintance Daniel.
Emmett knitted his brows together and asked. "Mrs.Stephenson, what happened to you?"

Immediately, Mrs. Stephenson replayed the incident to Emmett.However, she sneakily twisted the story to paint Sonnia as the villain. She then pointed a trembling finger at Sonnia. "Captain.she hauled insults at us and pushed Carmen hard onto the cold hard floor. She even raised her hands on me, if not for the fact that the shop manager held her back, I don't know if I will be standing here at this time. Please take the necessary actions needed against that barbarian."

Truthfully, Emmett had noticed the presence of Sonnia and Debbie at the start. But what he hadn't imagined was that they were the once in trouble. Like he never thought about Sonnia being unreasonable, where as his own girlfriend being arrogant.

Although Emmett appeared as cool as a cucumber,a raging storm was brewing inside of him. I can't believe the Stephenson's have audacity to stir up so much trouble. They even provoked my girlfriend and Sonnia. Do they have a death wish?

"Alright, I will deal with this situation according to the law."Emmett replied calmly.

Immediately, Carmen whirled around to give Sonnia a smug grin. You brat, you will be facing dire consequences of your actions now.


As Carmen watched on expectantly, Emmet instructed his subordinates. "Lock up the culprits. They are under arrest for
causing public nuisance and violence."

"Yes,Captain."

Promptly, two police men stepped forward and restrained Carmen before snapping a pair of hand cuff over her wrists.

Carmen's smug expression morphed into one of shock.

After a few moments, she finally regained her senses. "You've got the wrong person! Captain Emmett, you should be arresting that brat instead..."

Before she could finish, Emmett interjected solemnly. "Stop yelling nonsense. You are the culprit here. Along my journey, I was already notified of the events that transpired here.Although Sonnia spoke back at you, she was speaking facts!You and Mrs. Stephenson have been accused of endangering public safety. And that push, we all know. Hence, I am detaining you under the law."

What? Carmen, Mrs. Stephenson and Daniel stared at Emmett in a mixture of shock and surprise.

They could not wrap their heads around the entire situation.Didn't Daniel communicate with him before his arrival? To be more specific, he did call Captain Reils to get his help. On the phone, he laughed and agreed with whatever he said and agreed to help. So why isn't he helping us now but the others?Instead of offering his assistance, he rather cuffed Carmen!

Whiles Carmen and the rest were stunned at the change in
how things took. Emmett walked over to greet Sonnia nad Debbie. "Miss Sonnia. Debbie. I hope the both of you are well?"

Right away, realization dawned on them. They must hail from a strong background. Even Captain Reils opted to side with them instead of us, Mrs. Stephenson thought. Where as Carmen and Daniel who knew Sonnia's background were confused.


Unable to restrain her anger, Mrs. Stephenson shrieked angrily."So you all know each other? Were you in cahoots this entire time? You ahles are all equally despicable. This is unacceptable!I want to raise a complaint against...."

"Silence!" Emmett retorted with a fierce growl. "I made sure to understand the situation before I arrested you."

Mrs. Stephenson pale face quickly flushed red with fury.Nevertheless, Daniel beat her to it. "Enough Mother!"

"You can't do this Emmett. It might have just been a small misunderstanding among women. There is no need to..."

Daniel didn't even complete his sentence when Emmett snorted and ordered. "Take them away."

Daniel had his mouth wide open when he was cut off by Emmett. He couldn't believe it.


Following orders, the police officers escorted Carmen and Mrs.Stephenson into the police van outside.
"Daniel?" Carmen called out.

"My son?" Mrs. Stephenson also followed suit.

Daniel had never imagined this turns of event. "Don't worry,you will be fine." He responded as he watched them take Carmen and Mrs. stephenson into the police van.*
###Chapter 97

Daniel followed the police van all the way back to the police station. And he called his lawyer have him join him out there.


Moreover.Emmet dispersed the curious horde of reporters and on lookers gathered around the scene in the shop. Who wouldn't want a good and juicy story on Carmen? After all she is a rising super star who shot to fame not long ago. Juicy stories like these are worth a lot.


Once the last of the shoppers vanished to continue with their shopping. he finally turned towards Debbie with an apologetic look. "Babe. Miss Sonnia, please accept my sincerest apologies.This incident had happen because I didn't carry my job out properly. Once I return, I will take the necessary steps to improve the city's public security. This rich family won't get to be abusing their powers anymore." Emmett said as he held onto Debbie's waist sweetly.

Debbie smiled and nodded. "It isn't entirely your fault. After all the trouble came from Carmen."

Emmett smiled bitterly. "Truthfully, most of the rich and elite families are patriotic and noble citizens.. Yet, there exists a handful of jerks who think highly of themselves. Although they scorn the middle class, they are always in search of them to work for them."

"Enough already love birds. Don't forget I'm still single. My eyes is already burning from all these lovey dovey touches you
both are doing. You hurting my feelings too." Sonnia cut in as she rolled her eyes at them.

They both just laughed after hearing Hilda.

"Alright, Alright. But how did you end up in this? You and Mrs. Stephenson? But you shouldn't be worried. I won't let them off. Especially Carmen. I thought you were exaggerating all this while when you spoke about Carmen. She looked completely different from the Carmen I know on tv. I wilI let her serve as a lesson to the other celebrities who only fake being nice for the camera's. If any do follow in her footsteps,I will have to punish them according to the law." Emmett said placidly.

Sonnia nodded in acknowledgment but letter shook her head.She knew Carmen's fate will be sealed once Emmett gave the other. Since public crimes like these could range in severity,culprits of minor offenses were usually released after a handful of days. On the other hand, criminals with more serious offenses would be put behind bars for at least five years.

Considering Carmen's actions, she would spend a couple of days in jail. But Sonnia knew that it was practically her fault and she would be using the relation Emmett had with her to get Carmen in jail.

As much as she wants to teach Carmen a lesson not to mess with Hilda, she knew this wasn't her fight. She had been trying to get back at Carmen for what she had done to Hilda. But Hilda wouldn't want this. She had told her to hold off on
Carmen. Thinking about Hilda, she recalled it been a while since she last heard of her.

I need to call her. She thought.

Looking at Emmett, she voiced out. "I don't intend to press charges. You should just let her off as I was partly to be blamed."

Debbie and Emmett were both surprised. They both knew how much Sonnia had been wanting a chance to put Carmen in her place and now that she got the chance she was just going to let Carmen off? They couldn't understand but it was her decision.

They stared at Sonnia waiting for an explanation but she only rushed to pull Debbie out of Emmett's grasp. "It's okay now.Hurry back to work Emmett. Debbie has lots of work to do."With that she pushed Emmett out of the shop.

"Get going now. And have your men let them off already."

Emmett shook his head as he watched Hilda push him out. He blew a kiss at Debbie and headed for the door. "See you after work babe."




Kyle and the others have been searching for days for the whereabout of Christopher but to no avail. Nathan and Samuel couldn't believe any of it when Kyle narrated everything to them.
Nathan was quiet as he stared out of his hospital ward through the window.

"Nate. we got to make him pay. Why would he rather join forces with our enemies? Is that how low he thinksof us? And he even dared to say he had no choice? What prevented him from being all out withus?′′

"What if you didn't make it from this accident?Is this how little he thinks about us?" Samuel voiced out furiously.

I knew something was off all this while wwith how he looked at Gloria.He though.

Nathan just sat on the bed without saying anything. At this time. he was already feeling all better. All that was left was for the injuries to heal.

"What have you found ouIt so far about who he is working with?" Nathan asked after a while.

Kyle who had his sides to the wall stared at Nathan and with a serious expression responded. "Everything links to your uncle but he is good at hiding his tracks proper well. And who ever is sponsoring him to bring you down is practically powerful.There is nothing out there about who he is."

"What if there is something we are forgetting? What if who ever is behind this isn't powerful enough but rather just cautious. What if we are looking at this from all the wrong prospective?" Samuel added.
"One thing is for sure about the person being cautious if all this while there is still nothing found on him." Nathan frowned as he said that.

"And with all the enemies you made whiles climbing the ladder of the Clemon Group, who could be this cautious? Or did we forget something?" Kyle asked.

As if Nathan had thought about something. "Did you check all of his banking transactions of Mr. Richards and his wife's too?What about his son? Don't forget he is addicted to gambling.He should be in debts at this point. Because they last time his dad came to me, he was already in a debt close to half a million dollars."

"It couldn't just have vanished as I didn't transfer that money for the debt."

Kyle was shocked as he replied. "Already did all that and there was no debt to his name. Looks like it couldn't just have disappeared just like that."

"How about a flight to Eagle's land?" said Nathan.
###Chapter 98

Gamblers addicted to the vice had no sense of kindness,loyalty or pride. They would do anything to get their hands on money to fuel their addiction. They would have no qualms about cheating or betraying even their loved ones.

It was not uncommon to hear gamblers stealing their elderly parent's last savings or selling their wives into the prostitution in order to raise funds to continue with their gambling.

His cousin, the addlict, was the best candidate they could get to turn the burning hatred his dad got for Nathan to fuel that of Nathan's death.


Over the following months, Mr. Richard stuck to his plan of extracting his son back by destroying Nathan., and carried it out accordingly.

Kyle and Samuel had just walked out of Nathan's ward when he received a video call. His folded temples slowly loosened as he looked at the caller Id. It was Hilda's call.

Hilda had been transferred to a hospital in V country for her treatment. After unpacking everything with the help of Nuella and settling in, she proceeded to give Nathan a call.

"Babe," Nathan called out as soon as he answered.

Hilda who was on the other end of the call blushed when she heard Nathan call her babe.
"Nathan, how are you doing now? Hope you are not stressing yourself out and you are following the doctors orders?" She asked as she knew how stubborn Nathan's was when he wanted to leave the hospital earlier. It took so long for her to convince him to stay till he was fully better.

Nathan frowned when he heard Hilda. Looking at her in the call he remained silent without uttering a single word.

Hilda got confused as to why Nathan would be pissed all of a sudden. "Nathan, you alright?" She asked. She hadn't said anything to piss him off or did she? As confused as she was,Nathan spoke up.

"What did you just call me?" Nathan asked with a straight face.

"Oh?" Hilda now got it. Thinking back to how she called him earlier, she just giggled.

"What's funny?" Nathan asked again with a straight face yet again.

Hilda shook her heard and said placidly. "Why are you being so petty? I just called you by your name. So what's wrong with that?"

Nathan boiled after hearing what Hilda said. What did she mean by it is my name? "What do you mean by that? Don't I also know your name? But how did I call you?"

Hilda was stomp as she listened to Nathan. Why is he being so childish? She thought. The only thing she had done was to call
him by his name but here he his getting mad. "You prefer to call me by that. And I also prefer to call you by your name.You got any problem with that?"

Nathan had his mouth wide open when he heaard what Hilda said. Looks like she is growing some balls. "I order you to call me anything else but not my name."

"Huh?" Hilda couldn't believe how childish Nathan could be.So now he is ordering her to call him anything but not his name.Okay Fine.

"My dear. You okay with that?" She said as a sinister smile crept on her face.

Nathan couldn't believe it. My DDear? Do I look like her grandfather? How could she call me dear? Seriously? "What kind of name is that? Do I look so old enough to you? Change it. I don't want that?"

"What do you mean by are you old enough? Is it only old people that are referred to as my dear?" She didn't understand what was going on in Nathan's head at the moment.

To Nathan, the best name for Hilda to call him will be Honey.Mi Amor. My Own or something else. But here is the case that Hilda was also thinking of names like. Dear, Baby, Nate. To her.Nathan wouldn't be the one to prefer names like Honey and them sorts.

Nathan smiled and responded. "Call me Honey or Hun."
Hilda nearly threw out blood after hearing what Nathan had said. Who would have thought that the cold stern faced man feared by many even to the extends that many called him devil would have this side.

"ewwwww." Hilda voiced out and laughed out loud.

Nathan frown when he saw Hilda's reaction. "What's funny?"

Hilda tried tostop laughing but still couldn't. She laughed so hard that she held her tummy. Seeing Nathan's face as he looked at her, Hilda couldn't bring herself to laugh again.

"Sorry h- hu- hun." She said timidly.

Nathan was glad when he heard Hilda call him hun but right at this moment, his mother entered his ward.


Hilda who saw the smile on Nathan's face after she called him hun didn't know that anyone had entered his ward. Her sweet voice sounded out from the phone. "Are you happy?"

Mrs. Clemon who had just walked into the ward was surprised when he heard the voice from the phone. She was confused at first before hurriedly walking over to the bed to have a look at who was on the call with his son for him to be this happy?
###Chapter 99

Nathan who was always cautious about his environment at this time had no idea that someone has entered his ward.He pouted like an aggrieved child and begrudged. "What do you mean by am I happy? Did you say it for me to be happy or because you meant it?"

Hilda didn't know how to respond. Of course she said it because she meant it. But knowing how narcissistic Nathan was, she didn't want to admit it. As she was thinking about how to respond, she caught a glimpse of someone else in the video call.

She was so shocked that she had her mouth wide open. Using her eyes, she was trying to get Nathan's attention to someone standing behind him. But Nathan was so focus on how Hilda should call him that he had no idea what she was trying to do.

"Is something wrong with your eyes? Why are you opening them this wide? And why is your jaw dropped? Close your mouth. Or you are trying to scare me?" HHe asked confused.

Hilda shook her head at him. But he still didn't get it.

"Babe,are you okay?" He asked starting to get worried as he didn't understand the change in Hilda's behavior all of a sudden.


Hilda nodded and then proceeded to shake her head. At this point Nathan didn't even know how to react. "What's wrong?"Nathan asked again frowning. "Trying to get away from my
question?"

Hilda raised her hand to the camera and was about to tell Nathan when someone spoke from behind him.

"It must be because she is shocked by my sudden appearance."Mrs. Clemon spoke up and laughed after trying so hard not to.

Nathan jumped in surprise when he heard his mom's voice. He turned around to his mom and then back to Hilda who was nodding continuously on the call.

This is bad. He thought.

"Hold for a minute, let me call you back." He said to Hilda and then hanged up.

Mrs. Clemon was confused as to why Nathan had ended the call just because she had arrived. "Why did you hang up hurriedly?" She asked.

Nathan didn't even know how to respond to that. Hilda and he are married but no one in his family knows about it.Telling his mom now didn't sit right with him either. And lying to her was not his thing.


Looking at her son who looked like he was caught up in a dilemma, she decided to help him out. "She looks to be someone special to you? Your girlfriend?" She asked.

"Mom?" Nathan called out still contemplating on whether to let her in on his marriage or not. He knew his mother will support
him no matter what he choose though but he didn't know if it was the right time yet.

"Don't be shy. Tell me. Who is she? She is pretty by the way."Mrs. Clemon held Nathan's face in her arms as she asked.

Nathan looked at his mom and smiled. "She is my wife."

Like a bomb has being dropped, Mrs. Clemon felt like the earth at taken a spin with in that moment. Did she hear right? Did Nathan say his wife? After thinking about it for a while,she began laughing. "Hahahaha."

Nathan couldn't believe what he was seeing. Was his mom so shocked by the news that she has gone mad? "Mom,are you okay?"

Mrs. Clemon continued laughing a she thought about the joke that Nathan had just passed about his wife. "I didn't even know you were this funny. If you do not want to tell me who she is, you could have just told me. My tummy. See how hard you made me laugh."

Nathan couldn't believe it, did my mom think I was joking about Hilda being my wife? "No mom, I'm not joking. She is my wife. I'm married mom?"

Mrs. Clemon couldn't believe her ears when she heard the seriousness in her son's voice. She sat down on the bed and stared straight at Nathan. "You are married? Are you being serious? For how long now? And how come we haven't heard about it? What else haven't you told us? Why are we still in
the dark?" She asked.

Nathan had expected all this questions. "I didn't mean to keep you in the dark about my marriage..."

Nathan had just spoken when he was cut off by a voice from the door. "Which marriage are you two talking about? Who is getting married?"

Nathan turned around and found his dad holding onto the door.

"Dad." He called out.

"Mmm. How are you feeling now? And who were you two gossiping about?" He closed the door behind him and walked towards them whiles asking.

"My dear, you arrived at the right time. Nathan,tell him what you just told me." Mrs. Clemon gestured for her son to speak.

Nathan didn't know whether to cry or laugh at how her mom was reacting to the news of his marriage. It is just a marriage.But he knew it wasn't just a marriage when it comes to his family.

Although he knew for a fact that his parents will support what ever decision he made, he knew that his marriage will be a problem this time around. But it wasn't anything he can't handle.

"Dad, I was just telling mom here about my marriage." Nathan
spoke up.

His dad laughed when he hard Nathan and went over to hold his wife. Starring at her with a soft gaze flowing with nothing but love. "You should already be thinking about that. As far as I'm concern. Gloria will be happy to know you are ready to settle down. It is about time you two did."

What? Nathan thought. But I didn't say anything about planning to get married to Gloria. "No dad, you got it all wrong. I meant I was telling mom about how I already got married."

What? Mr. Clemon couldn't believe his ears too after hearing his son. "You said you are what....?"
###Chapter 100

"Dad. I'm married. And before you all will get mad, you all should hear me out first." Nathan said.

Mr. Clemon couldn't believe his ears. "What's there to listen to?Who did you get married to?" He asked.

"Dad, I don't think you might remember who she is." Nathan replied.

"What do you mean by that? Is she from any of the reclusive families?" Mrs. Clemon asked.


Although the four great families had immerse influence and wealth, there was also the reclusive families. They were two families with elite members in every sector. Although they have wealth and power, they were second to the four big and powerful families.

As Nathan would have to marry someone from his own social background, Gloria had been the perfect match since she has both the power and wealth as their family and not forgetting.she was childhood sweethearts with Nathan.


But Now that Nathan is married and not with Gloria, it was only reasonable that he would choose someone from the reclusive family to be his wife. Because a man like him will need a woman just like himself to help him with all the company affairs.

Nathan shook his head. "No dad. She is from the Adams
family" He replied. Although Nathan had found out that Hilda isn't really a daughter of the Adams family,he still haven't found her biological family. So for now, that was what he could say.


Mrs. Clemon and Mr. Clemon both frowned and turned to look at each other. Thinking about the Adams family. Mr. Clemon wasn't even sure if it was another Adams family or the one he had in mind.

"Which Adams family? Is it the one I know?" He asked frowning the more.

"Yes dad. It is the very one you know." Nathan replied.

Mr. Clemon was shocked. "But why would you marry someone...." He was so mad finding out that she was way below their social standing. He was about to rebuke his son when he recalled that he was old enough to make his own decisions and knows what he was doing so there was no need for him to interfere. It was his happiness and he had the right to choose whoever he wants to be with.

He shrugged his shoulder as he walked to the window just staring outside. Mrs. Clemon was confused as she didn't understand why her husband will be pissed after hearing the Adams family. She looked at Nathan who looked relaxed like he had everything under control and asked. "Which family is the Adams family?"

He just smiled at his mother. He knew his mother wasn't one
to be disturbed by social statuses and she didn't really mingle around with the other families because of her health. So there was no way she would know the Adams family. "The Adams family is just a middle class family mom."

Hearing this, Mrs. Clemon finally understood why her husband reacted that way. But she also knew it was her only son's happiness. She would support him so far as he is going to be happy.

She nodded and smiled. "How long have you been married my dear? And how did you meet her? Are you happy being with her?" She proceeded to ask.

"We met a little earlier this year. Been a few months already.Four months." Nathan replied.

"Four months? And you didn't even think to tell your mom?You know how much I have been wanting a grandchild no?"Mrs. Clemon took the pillow from behind Nathan and hit him with it. She was shock at first when she heard her son had been married for four months. She had been with him all this four months and still she didn't have any idea. But she knew his son knows what he was doing.

"It was a little complicated when we first met. But we are practically husband and wife now. Everything with us is fine."

"Do you love her?" Mr. Clemon spoke up at this timne.

Hearing his dad's question, Nathan thought of Hilda. Without knowing, he smiled. The smile reaching all the way to his ears.
The past few months with Hilda had been nothing but interesting to him. Although they had their misunderstanding the first few days, they have been nothing but magnificent.

Nathan could already tell from the way Hilda stares at him that she also adores him the same ay he does her. But their marriage had been one hell a ride although it was just a few months in. From the Adams family trying hard to manipulate her into a marriage alliance to selling her off for money.

He had always been her knight in shinning armor. He didn't know what would have happen to Hilda if he hadn't been there for her all this while. She has caused a significant change in him. Him who never used to care for anything but his family, was able to put someone else first too.

He is able to go out to work, looking forward to coming back home to his wife at home. Hilda has been the light that he had been missing all this while. And now that he had gotten her,one thing for sure is that, he was never going to be whole again without her being by his side. She is like his other half rib created into a whole. Without her, his life will be full of nothing but darkness.

He nodded at his dad and finally responded to his question. "I love her very much dad."

Mr. Clemon didn't have to hear Nathan's response to know that his son was truly in love. Judging by his reaction alone to the question alone was the answer he needed. For an indifferent person like him to react like that because of
someone, that alone could prove how much he cherished the person.

Mrs. Clemon also smiled and hugged her son. "She is a very pretty girl. Since you are happy being with her, you shouldn't hide her anymore. We will support you. How about an introduction now." She voiced out. She couldn't wait to meet her daughter in law.