
###chapter 1: Blessed Be
********
"When her island paradise erupts in flames, priestess Loiza must lead 10,000 werewolf survivors to a hostile ally’s territory. As their new Alpha forged in fire, she discovers her fated mate—their rival leader. But dark family secrets and a slave trade within his pack could shatter their bond and ignite war."
********
Loiza's POV:

After being a priestess of the Goddess for most of my life my intuition is exponentially higher than that of an average werewolf. Once you're chosen for this task, no matter what tribe of the supernatural you are from, the Goddess bestows her Blessings as well as her gifts upon you. As a young Priestess in training away from my pack in the warm heart of The Caribbean, I came upon many beings of such species, and even though outside of Avalon most are our enemies, inside Avalon, harmony persists. It's the way of the Goddess... Blessed Be.

I was offered to continue my education as a High Priestess because of my accomplishments, but as a werewolf, being away from my pack made me feel isolated. Not that there weren't other she-wolves, it's just that they were not from my pack, and even though we all lived in harmony and well wishes, I longed for my pack and my family dearly, I have been here since the age of five, so I really knew nothing else. As a Priestess of the Goddess I earned my Crescent Moon branding on my left forearm, not that they brand me with a hot iron, the brand just appears, a moment of sizzling hot pain and then it's over, the clear picture of the Crescent Moon created from one's inner fire. At 14, I returned home to Karaya Island, to The Osupa Moon Pack... location undisclosed to the outside world, and only allied packs knew how and where to find us.

After the so-called age of discovery, our standing in the islands had faded as much at the natives themselves which basically worshipped us as gods. To gain favor with the "new gods" that had arrived at our shores, some of the natives gave the Conquistadors the secret to our weakness, silver and wolfsbane. It was an awful mistake... they did not know that while sealing our fate they were sealing theirs as well. And just like they were falling to disease and slavery, we were being hunted, we knew nothing about guns. We lived peacefully and in harmony in our islands with the natives, there were land disputes, but thank Goddess they were always settled peacefully and we always vowed to protect the natives. The only condition we had, was that we would not get involved in any quarrels among themselves, for even though they worshiped us as gods we always tried to assure them we were not, we dared not stray that way for we would lose the Goddess's Blessings.

Originally, we were not just one pack, there were at first 13 then our numbers dwindled making least five total in the Caribbean, those that were left after the genocide decided to unite and form the Osupa Pack. As Islanders, the sea was as intimate to us as the rainforests; the smell of salt was as was at enticing to us at the smell of dirt being sprinkled by rain and the aroma of the tropical flowers of the forest. It was the scent of home, and we had no intention of giving it up so easily. We sent scouts in canoes to find the perfect island where we could all regroup and become one indestructible pack, and that's where we found an island that had never been inhabited, it was large and fertile enough to be able to house all of us with more than enough room to grow. And of course as creatures of the Moon, and subjects to the moon Goddess we would name it Karaya, the Taíno word for moon.

Yet we were no longer pure Taíno; just like our human counterparts, we would mate with those that were different, it was not considered taboo to mate with something other than warewolf. And some even found their true mates among the Europeans and Africans that were brought under the yoke of slavery. We relished in the diversity, the genetic mixing made us stronger. The new flavors and languages, the sounds of the African drums all united us into one powerfull pack. This was our last stronghold in the Caribbean and we were determined to protect it at all costs. We guarded it from the turmoils of those times, within our territory silver and slavery were banned.

We learned the languages of the invaders and slaves alike, our training became more rigorous, not just in physical strength, but in nautical prowess, guerrilla warfare and above all stealth and espionage. We would join the Conquistadors who hunted us in their ships without them knowing who or what we were, we were mixed enough that many of us could pass for European, we would send teams to every single landmass on the planet, until we knew every culture, every language, every pack. Our mission was gathering as much intel as possible and never be taken by surprise again. Our other mission, was to meet other packs in other lands and create alliances, we had no knowledge that werewolf packs in other lands would be so hostile towards our desires of a united werewolf world. We were so used to the unity we had in the Caribbean, but we were naive then, and we were still learning.

With the passing of the centuries not only did we become masters at espionage, we kept developing our technology. Unlike other werewolf packs who have their territories in continents, we did not have to worry about rogue attacks at any border. Our border was the ocean and our main line of defense, just like the rest of the world, we were developing our technology at a rapid pace, so we would always try to be one step ahead. We developed sonar before humans actually did, so anything that approached our territory would be easily detected, with that, we also developed a cloaking mechanism that would hide our island from satellites and other sonar. It was as if we were invisible in plain sight! If we found new technology outside of our borders in our missions of espionage we would definitely steal it and adapted it to our needs.

We were no longer the hunted and went back to our original instinct of being the hunters. We hunted more technology, not just for defense, but for offense, for medical purposes, for more effective espionage we were able to develop many ways to hide our scent from every supernatural being that has the gift of enhanced scent and for more effective travel outside the island. We studied new combat skills from all over the world, and we perfected the incapacitation of our opponent through pressure points... Anatomy and Chemistry became very important subjects in school, because with this simple knowledge even the weakest among us had the chance of survival. And that's when the Priestesses of the Moon Goddess came to us and they choose three girls to be potential Priestesses, all three girls were always tested, and only one would journey to Avalon to become a Priestess of the Goddess. When my time came I passed the trials I had the honor to be a Priestess in training for the Goddess, I would learn the Mysteries, controlling the elements of nature, of learning of other supernatural beings, their strengths and weaknesses just like they would learn mine. And by learning from each other we kept coming up with new ways to hide from the human world in plain sight!

However, we were not allowed to share the weaknesses of those other beings to our pack, to our tribe, to our clan. If you did so, you would receive the ultimate punishment, you would lose the Moon Goddess Blessings. And this is knowledge that every Clan, of every supernatural being knew, so once a girl has finished her training no one would ask for that information once we return to our homes, only the information to hide from humans and hide ourselves from other Supernaturals. After I passed my trials to become an official Priestess at the age of 14 my longing for my pack and family became so great that I was allowed to be dismissed.

My pack never suffered in continuous wars like others because of our state-of-the-art defenses, and our almost anonymous status; that's why our Alpha, and dear friend to my father, his Beta, was satisfied and did not pressure me into go for High Priestess or Prime Priestess for that matter, those who could Master the elements to a degree that nature bends fully to their will. He knew my father and mother, his own sister, and my siblings longed for me to come back home. Alpha Gúarionex had always had a soft spot for my family, and his Luna was like a second mother to me, when I was born my mother became quite ill, and it was Luna Isla herself who nursed me, for she had just given birth their one and only son. If only I knew then what I know now I would not have been foolish in thinking that being a simple Priestess was enough. My weakness, my selfishness for home cost that home dearly, I will never forgive myself. I was a complete failure.
###chapter 2: Back Home
For the past five years since leaving Avalon, it's rules and rigorous training which would start before Dawn, I have been able to finally just kick back and enjoy being back home living as a regular Osupa. I definitely needed to come back to Karaya, as a social being and a pack creature, to be together with your own again it made me feel complete. I remembered the scents, the sounds a different kind of harmony.

I was home with my family, I had given my childhood to the worship of the Goddess and missed so much, going to school, learning to cook, learning the trends, going to concerts and festivals. I almost didn't remember the faces of my mother and father, I had missed growing up with my 5 siblings, and I was excited to be able to regain my link to the pack! It took me a while, but with my brother's help I achieved it. I always have to be mindful and very cautious of the information I share within the Link, but with the espionage training that I have received from my Tía Ayiti, my father's sister, it has become substantially easier. My mother is sister to our Alpha, and an Alpha herself, from her I learned stealth, precision how to hold resistance for speed for long periods and guerrilla tactics. My father fed my mind with books which I would write my own notes with my own opinions, which in my own young mind I was basically correcting what was already written.

Since my return I have continued to practice in my Priestess duties with our High Priestess Yaya and work to get my High Priestess title, however I have engulfed myself in combat training with General Braka and his nice Cleo, my sparring partner, we are taught combat in Avalon yet father though it important I learned The Osupa way.

I also wanted to learn as many languages as I could. I decided I wanted to be out in the world and know more of It, maybe even find my mate! I would spend a month in Berlin, another in Paris, another in Buenos Aires, another in Johannesburg, and so on and so forth. My most trusted partner in these missions was my brother Urayoán, who was also my best friend. I would focus on learning the languages, studying the people, their demeanor, how their government works, what are their intentions, which were the local werewolf packs? Were they hostile? My mission was to blend in with the population and gather as much intelligence as possible escaping complete detection.This required a lot of self-control which as children we are trained in. This was something I had an edge on since they train us on this to no end in Avalon.

I already knew that other Supernatural species existed, and everyone knew that I could not share privileged information, even if achieved through espionage. So my main mission was to try to find other werewolf packs and try to broker truces and alliances with the Goodwill that I was a Priestess of the Goddess. Easier said than done.

The last time there was a great Werewolf War, word had gone around about our particular methods of warfare and how we carried our affairs in our pack, other packs found our use of technology and espionage as cowardly... Not that it would stop them from actually asking for that gathered intelligence and technology to acquire an alliance, but that was always out of the question our technology was something we NEVER shared... Hippocrates!

We are aware that The Werewolf High Council covets our technology and information among other resources we posses, but we are not their subjects and didn't have to share any of it with them. We live solely under the jurisdiction of Avalon itself and it was only to them which we answered to. To avoid any interference from them we have refrained sending spies to watch them. If an Osupa spy were to unfortunately be caught within The Werewolf Council walls, it could mean war, and that has always been something which we avoided at all costs. We treasured our freedom to live our live in peace.

After a while I could only stomach so much of this newfound job I have been entrusted upon, true that I had met lots of people and made many friends in other packs around the world, yet since many knew that sharing our tech was a big no way, they didn't care for treaties. Most packs prefer to work individually, which was very foreign to me.

So for the past 7 months at the very least I have been home all the time and perfoming my Priestess duties as the Guardian of The Cardinal South Temple. Not that I was doing anything particularly special, I would perform rituals and bring comfort to worshipers seeking Blessings from the Goddesses. I was enjoying a break from traveling so much. I would enjoy hanging out with friends, spending time with my brothers and sisters, surfing, running through the mountains in my wolf form, enjoying my time with my father and fixing his father's old car, he always dismantled it so that we would help him rebuilding it again and again.

At night we would sometimes gather with some of our neighbors or go to The Alpha's Fort grounds and enjoy a night of bonfire. Telling old stories and recounting our history, drinking to old battles and those who we considered fallen heroes. Stories of unrequited love and pitiful destruction of rejected mates and the dangers that come from not following the will of the Goddess. These would go on late Into the night with the sounds of the drums and once in a while somebody would stand up to dance, and make the drums change the tune to follow the rhythm of the dancer.

I felt so at peace and I expected myself to find my mate when I turned 18, but after a year of searching and waiting none was found. Of all my siblings it was only Bayoán who had found his and it took him years... I didn't want to wait years. So I decided I would go and start taking missions again and travel after the break. I wanted to visit Polynesia and meet more islanders, if I found my mate there it would be awesome to keep the island life!

I was verifying various diplomatic missions there, I had already turned my papers to Director Gloria at OPIA to head out in that direction. I was willing to visit from Hawaii to New Zealand, I was ready to leave in a couple of weeks and was hopeful that I would find what I was looking for. But everything happened so fast I never got to that.
###chapter 3: 6:34 a.m.

I woke up with an intense itching in my Crescent Moon mark, it is always meant as a warning. Damn! I get up with haste to see it's 4:31 a.m. I go to my window, everything seems calm, and the Mark starts itching again more intensely.

I start feeling beads of sweat on my forehead, I run to the front door, I sniffed the air with eyes closed just get as much information as possible... Nothing. I sharpen my eyes as much as possible to see into the darkness while at the same time making sure my ears miss nothing. But nothing is what I eventually find.

My Mark is literally burning by this moment and the beads of sweat are starting to run down from my temples to my cheek. I go immediately inside and get my phone to call the Alpha, tricky bastard is not responding to the pack link, while shouting to my parents to get up immediately waking up the entire household. While I'm running to my bedroom to get my phone my father opens the door of his room in a panic...

"What's wrong?!" My father asks with wide eyes.

"Dad I'm calling the Alpha, get in contact with General Braka and verify anything that might be approaching the island, something's coming or something's happening I'm not sure, but I think it's already here!"

That's all I have to tell them so that him and all of my brothers and sisters start calling and linking everyone. My mother is getting some coffee ready in the meanwhile so that we can be as alert as possible, and then it happened... I felt it so strongly I only had a few moments to tell everyone to brace themselves, the ground started shaking... I start to control my fear and try to focus on the ground beneath me. I don't feel any of tectonic plates moving... my arm is in agony right now because of my mark!

I tell everyone to keep doing what they're doing so that I can go outside and focus my mind more, my father decided to continue the call with the alpha so that I may be able to focus my energy better and understand what's going on. Suddenly my mind cannot stop thinking of Mt. Cemí, and then the scent hits me! 

"DO YOU SMELL THAT?!"  I yelled to no one in particular, I'm just trying to confirm that I'm not going crazy. 

"What smell?" My sister Guanina asks. I look at my older brother Urayoán to confirm that there is indeed no scent, he is the best tracker of our pack, I trust his nose more than anybody's I know. He looks nervous but he just shakes his head... "No."

"Dad, we have to evacuate the island ASAP! Tell the alpha to find any allies we have that we may be able to evacuate to! Sound the alarm! Wake everyone!" My father can see the mark in my forearm turn red, he knows it's burning me to a core and he knows what it means, everyone continues calling and linking with everyone! I can feel the pandemonium in my head! 

"Alpha Gúarionex has been informed, they're trying to contact as many allies as possible, what's happening?!" My father asks anxiously as he is embracing my mother.

"Dad, you have to take your position, we need an emergency evacuation. Mt. Cemí is going to blow!"  I tell him as I kneel to the ground as I put my hand on it trying to find a way to appease the Earth trying to stop the veins of magma. I'm only a Priestess! Shit!

"Where is Yaya?! I am trying to link with her but I am getting no response!" Because we are on an Island we have a small airport and we already have an emergency Escape Plan just in case anyting forced to happen that we had to abandon our homes, we just never expected that day would come... 

Everyone grabs what they can, mostly bug out bags, and just as we are filling up the first plane full of women, pups and The Elders... BOOM!!! 

It's already 5:06 in the morning, the sun is already peeking its way East of The Horizon making the plume of the explosion the more distinguishable, the ground shook so hard and I remember falling on my ass and looking towards my brother asking him while I shouted "CAN YOU SMELL IT NOW?!" Ura just glared at me and as the smartass he is just basically mouths back "No shit!" 

Everyone is going to the planes or to the boats, the main goal is to evacuate the island to salvage the pack, the second goal is to salvage the island. But we could not risk one for the sake of the other, the Alpha was able to contact two allies in the United States, one in Virginia the other not far from them... I stoped paying attention. They were the closest geographically that answerd our call, and we have to go to the closest since we did not have the time to fill up on as much fuel and hence the first plane left, while looking at the plane leaving I look at the mountain and what I see is the hot lava come spewing over the caldera. 

I yell over the chaos to my father and I have to go to the mountain and see how I can try my best to control what's going on. It's not like we want to lose our home! The pack survives no matter where it lives, but we do not want to give up our home! My father and the Alpha understand what my duty is so they focus on theirs while I focus on mine... "TRY TO FIND YAYA AND SEND HER MY WAY!" I yell at my father and the Alpha. I take the fastest dirt bike I can up the mountain as close to the clump of lava that is already coming near. I used all of my focus try to stop it, tried to stop the Earth inside the magma, tried to cool the fire inside of it. A Prime Priestess would have been able to do this with no problem or issue. I feel the water of a river close by, I focus to raise the water and pour gallons of it over the magma. It's like throwing a block of ice into a raging Inferno. This is the most useless I have felt in my entire life... even maybe a High Priestess would have been able to have some control over this. I start feeling the heat of the lava that keeps coming closer by the minute like a slow running blob of black fire. No matter how much I focus, no matter how hard I try to use every single one the methods I was taught, it's just not enough. I linked to the Alpha telling him that the most I can do is to slow it but I cannot stop it, he orders me to go back and to evacuate myself!

'NO! Alpha, I can not do that! This is MY duty!' I link to him. 

'Your duty is to obey your Alpha instead of questioning his order!' He answers through his Link and then he uses his Alpha voice and commands me to evacuate so that there is no more open discussion over this. No matter how much training I received as a Priestess, this is something I cannot go against. If you are not an Alpha yourself it is impossible to get out of the alpha command, you just obey. End of discussion.

5:57 a.m. I clear the mountain that is now covered lava that keeps clawing itself towards the shore on all sides of the island, I get to the airport I'm rushed by my brother to get on the last plane, I link to my father to see where he is, I can't find him. I asked my brother what has happened while I was away. 

"Not even the strongest Warrior can fight against the mountain, most Warriors are helping people Evacuate the island, I haven't heard from father in 15 minutes give or take!"

"What about Mami and the rest? The Luna, Yadiel, Bruno? And where the hell is Yaya?!"  I am panicking at this moment.

"I don't know about the Luna but I know Yadiel is with the Alpha!" Aymaco, my oldest brothers tells me. The pilot tells us we're about to take off, the cabin is full, we don't know who is safe and where the other people are.

"Where are we going? Did the Alpha get in contact with any allies?" At this point my voice is breaking... I can already feel the Alpha command gone, that can only mean that Alpha Gúarionex is dead, I try to link to Yadiel, my milk brother... I can't reach him either. I start feeling the pain of the pack join my own and tears spilling out of my eyes while I look out the window and look at our Island go up in flames... It's 6:34 by the time I catch my last glimpse of home. I become very tired all of the sudden, another tear falls from my chin and falls on my sizzling mark on my forearm evaporating immediately and I fall asleep allowing the darkness to engulf me in it's comforting seclusion making me forget what a worthless, useless priestess I was to my pack.
###chapter 4: Blood Moon Pack
Kayden's POV:

My father called for an emergency meeting at my office at 5:30 in the fucking morning! When I turned 21 my father, the previous Alpha ceded his position as Alpha of The Blood Moon Pack, even though I had found no Mate. He wanted me to start getting more leadership experience while him and my mother took a back seat, I had them close for advice and counsel, good thing, too. I have learned so much in these past three years with their guidance... support from Marcus, my Beta and younger brother, Avis, my Gamma and my Pack. For him to be calling this meeting at such an early hour in the morning was extremely surprising. He wanted the top leadership of the pack ASAP.

"Damnit dad where is the fire!?" Alpha Keaton scoffed at me like I had just said a joke in poor taste and put a very solemn face.

"Actually, it's in Karaya Island!" He said annoyed while demanding coffee.

"Are they being attacked?!" It was well known throughout the werewolf world that attacking Karaya Island was suicide, they were too well prepared for attacks and it's not like it was simple to attack an island when its border was the ocean. I had heard of their preparedness against attacks from the sea, I had heard the prowess for technology how they made sure to study the planet and to make sure to have the correct defenses against any being whether it be Supernatural or not. They also boasted some of the most powerful warriors in the werewolf world, their ways of training were unconventional to regular packs and the way they gathered intelligence from all over the globe was astounding. We only know because we are allies with them. The last great warewolf war when my father was about my age, Alpha Gúarionex saved his life. 

"No, a literal fire, their dormant volcano decided to become active! They are evacuating the island as we speak, some are coming in planes and other in boats, those who are in planes will take around three hours to get here, we need to be ready for them.

"So you're saying we're taking in the refugees? How many?"  I had heard that they were a very large pack.

"Their Alpha told me the last time that they did a count they were around 10,800 wolves."

"10,800! Don't you think this biting off more than we can chew?!" I asked astonished from those numbers! While I look to Marcus, his eyes wide. I never imagined a pack that size! We were among the top three packs of the United States and we only have about two thousand wolves. No wonder no one attacks them, it is extremely ironic that this is the way that they are destroyed.

"Son, that was the last time I spoke with Alpha Gúarionex, their island is being consumed by a volcano and they're evacuating women and pups first, only the Goddess knows how many of them will be left when and if they get here, besides, Alpha Marius from the Blue Moon has offered his assistance as well, he owes The Osupa a Blood Oath as well as us. A Blood Oath is not to be unpaid unless you wish the Moon Goddess take away her Blessings." My Father says woefully it was a deep frown in his face, I could clearly see that he was extremely worried. Making me feel a bit ashamed, it's true. By the time the volcano has done it's deed, and with the little time that apparently they how to evacuate, Goddess only knows how many survived. If it weren't for their Alpha, I would not be alive today, it was after the Great War that my father met my mother. 

"I'm sorry Father, you just caught me off guard, I did not expect the pack of that size, but if it is as cataclysmic as you say, I can only imagine how many will actually survive." I say as solemn as the face my father has, and in that moment my sulking stops. I become focused on what I have to do as a leader to maintain the safety of my pack and to grant aid to the refugees.

At this moment my brother decides to ask something: "Has the High Council been informed?" He mind links me 'Kayden, they may be in trouble, but they can most probably outnumber us and Marius is a wild card... sure he and Blue Moon are allies, but how much do you trust him?' I sigh... 'Not much.' I answer while side glancing him.

My father pinches the bridge of his nose..."Osupa have always refrained from being under the jurisdiction of the High Council, they only submit themselves to Avalon directly, they have a Priestess and High Priestess, but I can only imagine if they actually survived it, it's their duty to try to appease any threats that are brought on by the planet itself!" My father says quickly looking at my mother.

"Are you talking about Ayato's girl?" My mother is quick to ask.

"Yes..." My father answers above a whisper.

"She's only a girl, she only completed her Priestess training and then returned, I remember Isla telling me last we spoke she is only just turned 19 and I am sure Yaya assisted."  I could already see the wheels turning in my mother's head, my mother had once been a High Priestess of the Goddess, but she did something to displease her and had her powers stripped and her Mark taken from her. I noticed how she looks at her forearm, like expecting the Mark to come back if she looks hard enough. My father notices this as well and goes to her, it puts one arm around her waist and the other holding her chin to make her look at him.

"What you are thinking is in the past my love,  what happened, happened long ago and it's long forgiven, you received punishment enough for it, stop punishing yourself for it, I swear to you I would no longer be angry for it, and the Goddess punished you enough." I see as my mother rubs her temples and closes her eyes. I never knew my mother was punished by the Moon Goddess.

"Alright enough of this then, Marcus, Avis, go send Warriors to find a proper place where their planes can land as safely as possible, start making sure that the medical staff is ready for them. Gabriel, stay by my father and let me know what Marius's plans are. When Blue Moon has their plan we will be able to coordinate better. Make sure he knows I would like to meet."  I tell my Delta while I looked at my father, my Father knows my opinions of Alpha Marius. 

Don't get me wrong, he's a wild animal at parties and a regular Casanova, I'm not saying I'm a saint, but I have never impregnated a She Wolf, and much less turned my back on her and her pup to the point where she eventually ended herself. He hasn't found his mate as well, and he doesn't intend to give the position of Luna to anyone other than his mate. Which I completely respect, I have had my fun with plenty of women, I will name no such woman my Luna until I have at least tried every option to find my mate, I even considered such a thing once with Delilah, but every time I would fuck her it just felt so wrong afterwards even though it felt so right in the meantime. 

She would sometimes walk up to me and snake her arms around my neck asking "Tonight?" Seductively in my ear, after a while it became quite repulsive and not fun anymore. She did not take the rejection well, not that I blame her, I hear that rejection can be quite difficult. Then I considered Hazel, but she was to selfish and power hungry, The Pack already was rejecting her, which made it more easy to give her the boot.
###chapter 5: Preping The Welcome Wagon
###chapter 5: Preping The Welcome Wagon

Kayden's POV:


I mind link Alexis, one of our Kappas and one of our best cooks: 'Alexis, you once cooked a very good meal of Caribbean food, is it one of your specialties?' I want The Osupa to feel welcomed. 'Yes my Alpha, I am Osupa, are you all in the mood of gastronomic bliss today?!' He asked with a chuckle. He did not know. 'Alexis come to my office and bring some of your Sous chefs with you, I have news that you should know.' I will let my mother handle and give commands for the comfort of The Osupa. In the meantime I have to make sure that the security of the borders is at its highest, the Osupa will be weary when they get here, and they're not a pack that was used to being attacked in the middle of a crisis. So naturally I want to make sure that we received them without any outside trouble. Especially since they are outside the jurisdiction of the High Council, and that can only mean that they have resources that the High Council wants and they are not willing for them to have it.

My father approaches me I can definitely see tension in his eyes and I can see that whatever he has to say is important..."Kayden, now that everything is in motion, there's some things about The Osupa you and Marcus should know." He says in a warning tone. 

"Father I am well aware that they are ferocious Warriors, I'm also aware that their spy Network is the best of any pack on the planet and that information is their most valuable commodity." I know a few other things as well but this is what I believe my father wants to talk to me about.

"All of that is true son, there is more, the one thing I am a bit apprehensive about between their pack and ours and the Blue Moon Pack  for that matter has nothing to do with their ways of War. They are... very unconventional to our standards and to that which we already know." Well I'm a bit intrigued... "Ok?  Unconventional?" 

"Alexis is here because he found his mate here" My father starts "...and Alexis's family was mostly gone, but his mate Claire has a large family that she could not bear leave. So he left his Pack for hers. Not that that is something extraordinary, what is extraordinary is the mate Bond and what it means to The Osupa, especially for Alphas. I have no doubt in my mind that many of our pact will find their mates among The Osupa, with their numbers dwindled the Moon Goddess will make sure to make quick repair of that... but they have just received a terrible blow and like I said, their methods are unconventional. You must prepare our pack, I will infom this to Alpha Marius, although I feel he already knows... for The Osupa, the PACK comes first and they have perfected the mate Bond to the point it adjusts itself to the needs of the mate. And right now they are all in pain, they are homeless, and more than likely have been decimated... And for a pack as powerful and strong as them, they must be demoralized and lost. We still don't know how many survived, or who survived for that matter. There may be many joyful reunions between new mates, but the wolves and She Wolves of our pack as well as Blue Moon should be ready to not be accepted immediately. The Osupa have never been known for rejecting their mates, they trust the Goddess and her will, so you must tell everyone who wants to keep their Osupa mate to thread lightly and learn to adapt to their needs. Also they are not very shy, unlike us they do not keep clothes around the woods in case they have to shift, if they shift and there is no clothes around they continue on as they are. They actually find our need to get dressed immediately quite hysterical. I fear this may cause some friction between unmated males, they just don't see it as taboo. For them they are naked the day they are born, they're naked while they are in wolf form, and if they are naked after they shift they don't see it as a problem. There is more but it's just mostly about how they behave, the important part is to tell the pack that they mean no bad blood or harm in it, on the contrary they fought in the last great werewolf war to try to keep it from spreading globally, and although they are highly skilled and trained they tend to keep things peaceful. Do you understand everything I just said boys?" This left me thinking. I look at Marcus, a frown on his face, the subject of mates facinates him and makes him exited to find his own mate. He is even saving himself for her. Pffft!!! If I would have waited my balls would be blue by now.

"I guess that makes them quite the open-minded thinkers." Was all the response I had to all of that.

"It's more than that, it's the key to their power, with the mate Bond the male becomes more subdued and thoughtful when he battles because his mate usually fights beside him, when I saw it myself in person, it was like a dance... a dance painted in red, the pack in itself learns to synchronize their attacks, but when they fight with their mates, it's like they feel exactly where their mate is and what they're going to do, they work as a unit of defense and offense. It's actually quite beautiful to watch. The Moon Goddess has blessed the females to the point that the males adapt to them in the mate Bond, and this actually helps the male's to maintain a cool head, so if you ever hear a male or female Osupa growl, you have already crossed too far and don't expect it to be a warning, the next thing that comes will be an attack and blood."  My father finishes. And with that he tells Alexis to enter...

I see my brother in very deep thought. 

"I assume you know what's going on by now?" My father asks the Kappa.

"No wonder I have been feeling uneasy all morning, at what time do they arrive so I know how much time I have to prepare a welcome meal and a large dinner for later?" Alexis asks very seriously, as if this mission is one of life or death.

"They will be reaching our territory around 10:30 in the morning maybe 11, we're working on medical needs and housing right now, I'm putting you directly in charge of what and when they eat." I tell him with a little bit of caution, I'm pretty sure he's hurting as well.

"Thank you Alpha I will make sure that they are well taken care of and that they have meals that at the very least remind them of home and fill their soul." Alexis says as he walks to the door with head down, he calls for his two chefs and starts calling out ingredients that they have to write down to go to the market. I already know it's going to be a very long day.

I go to my brother, still deep in thought... "Well someone is day dreaming!" I tease him, but I know him well enough that I know he doesn't give a damn. "What father said... I read about it once in a book in the High Council's library, they have a very strong bond to their mates."

"So what? The Council keeps tabs on our mating habits, nothing new." I scofed. 

"I swear to the Goddess brother you're so absent-minded sometimes, didn't you understand? The Osupa are not under the jurisdiction of The Council, so why is The Council keeping tabs on them?" He asks with an even bigger frown on his face. "When last there I saw many tomes about The Osupa in a hidden part of the library. Why would The Council keep information on them, in the open, if they are outside their jurisdiction?"
###chapter 6: Suspicious
###chapter 6: Suspicious

Loiza's POV:

I woke up suddenly, only to find myself still in the plane taking us to safety. The cruel smell of smoke still lingering in my memory, how could this have happened? My mark was no longer sizzling and has eased up into just a bothersome itch. We have always been careful, we have always monitored the mountain, not just Yaya and me, but The University's Geology Department is always monitoring it and until that morning I have never felt it stir. What went wrong?

I sit up and get my bearings. I look in front of me and see General Braka and my brothers Urayoán, a Gamma of the pack and Aymaco,  a Gamma Tech Engineer. All three are looking at me with what I perceived to be the same face I'm looking at them with, a face full of loss and empty eyes. It was difficult looking at these three men with those faces, Braka a mountain of a man at 7 feet tall, flawless onix skin, pure muscle and the most astounding yellow eyes I have ever seen. Both my brother's themselves, Ura is 6'3, same black smooth hair as myself with the eyes to match, his skin the tone of cinnamon that I have always been jealous of, lean muscle, too much muscle would impair the speed which is one of my brother's strengths, he needs to be lighter, but he is muscle and power none the less. And Maco, at 6'3 of muscle, curly chocolate hair and eyes, with fair skin like myself, he doesn't fight unless extremely necessary, always working out to be ready, yet his hands and mind are more valuable to the pack than his fists. 

Every single member of our pack has a specific role to contribute to the whole and helps us work as a strong unit in harmony, when we find a gift we continue to encourage and usually certain ranks have particular gifts, we know it's a Blessing from the Goddess to the pack. However, it is emptyness and confusion the feelings I am receiving from the Pack Link, I share the same sentiment. I stare at all three of them in silence for a while while they stare at me with the same face, there's really not much to say, I look to my left to finally look out of the window of the airplane..."Did the Luna get out?" I ask to no one in particular. 

"Yeah, the Alpha sent her with the first plane with pups and The Elders." Ura responded. 

"Hmm." Was my only response while still looking at the clouds outside. I was afraid that we had lost her as well. She must be in agony, she lost both her mate and her only son... My milk brother. "Do you have any news of anyone else?" I asked feeling my eyes starting to burn with tears I'm holding back as much as I possibly can and feel that they will disobey me at any moment yet I hold, my brothers know exactly who I'm asking about, they know that I'm asking specifically about our family. Maco sighs, "Don't look for Mom or Dad in the link, you won't find them. The rest are scattered but alive." He says bitterly as a tear defied my will and dropped down my cheek, while I nodded at his answer. Damn it.

"What about Yaya?" A sudden thought enters my mind. 

"I heard she got out in the first plane with The Elders and wasn't permitted to assist you..." Ura starts. The hell!

"WHAT?! Who gave her that order?!" Yaya is a High Priestess, she could have helped me restrain the mountain to help buy time for the evacuees, I was calling her through the Link desperately!" This is Bullshit! How could she even accept such and order? And I doubt very much the Alpha commanded it, he knew that I was struggling!

"I have no idea Iza, do you already foresee a puzzle?" Ura asks his eyes suspicious. I mindlink him, Maco and Braka to keep it strictly between us... 'I foresee treason! I need to know who gave that order! I smell a traitor or faul play! Yaya is very powerful, I don't want to believe that she would betray me or the pack in such a way. The ONLY one who could have given a compelling order she would follow, it would have come from the Alpha himself and I bet my Mark that he didn't. He knew I was looking for her, knew that I was failing alone and knew the limitations to my powers. With her we could have definitely been able to at the very least buy our people another half an hour, maybe more! Hell, we could have probably stop the mountain!' I am livid. 

'You have a point, to think Yaya would betray the pack, it's almost impossible to believe.' Maco responds.

'Maybe she was completed by a spell. There are many possibilities for what could have happened, does anyone feel her in the Link? I don't feel her.' I ask them all.

I see them all searching...'I can't feel her.' Braka says.

'Nor I.' Ura adds.

Maco shakes his head. 'I don't feel her either, could we be too far away to sense her? We might have received the wrong information and she may be dead as well.' He suggests.

'Yaya's intuition would have kicked in, I doubt that a High Priestess of Avalon would have allowed to let the mountain get the better of her, she has also been putting in the training for her Prime Priestess title!' I feel desperate for answers now, thinking a mile a minute!

'Could she have been bought by The Council, I heard they have been doing that.' Braka says.

'Yaya knows damn well the consequences of such a play, and I have never known Yaya to want to join the club of The Cursed Roses. It would mean eternity in Hades's torture chamber. And not even Yaya is powerful enough to escape Avalon's justice and that is assuming she kept her Mark after such a treacherous act.' I refuse to believe that Yaya is a traitor but I don't have proof either for or against it. 

I start thinking of a hundreds of scenarios over, but without evidence and as tired as I am and the little focus I can muster I feel the hibernation process starting. Wherever it is that we're going I really hope we get there soon. Or I will be risking Aryn, my wolf. And without her, I'm just human.
###chapter 7: On a mission
Loiza's POV:

'I will start asking subtly when we land My Lady. If we do have a traitor I don't want he or she to be alerted, can you be so kind to ask Morgana to help me with this? It would be good to have a Truth Seer present.' Braka says through the link.

I try to link with my brother Bayoán, Morgana is his mate, but since she is a witch we use opal rings to communicate with her. However, we don't want to talk in the open. I tried to link up with my brother again and finally I was able to reach him... 

'Yo Bayo, are you ok?' I hope he has additional information, he's a Beta like our father and able to analyze information much better, their brain waves are equipped for it.

'Izzy?! Yeah, we're as fine as can be under the circumstances, you?' He asks in such a worried voice that for a moment I think I am still talking to Maco.

'Yeah, I am with Ura and Maco, you?' I ask.

'I am with Morgana, Nía and Nina, Morgana got badly burned on her shoulder, Daniella is healing her now.' Daniella is the packs main surgeon and healer enhanced by her affinity to water like all Omegas.

'And the baby?!' Morgana is in her first trimester and carries a baby as if she were human.

'The baby is fine from what they could examine, Daniella already has the staff ready to verify the injured better when we land.' He's worried.

'Listen carefully brother, Yaya never came to my aid, apparently somebody ordered her to go into the first plane with the Elders and right now we can't contact her, we think there might be a traitor. Braka is going to start asking around but he wants to be subtle about it, so he could really use Morgana's help to determine if he's being lied to. So only communicate through your mate link about it, say nothing out loud' By the Goddess! Yaya can't be a traitor. I haven't stopped praying to the Goddess, that she's innocent and alive.

'I understand, Iza I don't have a problem with Morgana helping, but it will only be after she and the baby have been checked up and cleared. Understood?' I chuckle, of course my brother is going to make sure that his pregnant mate who doesn't have rapid healing has that medical attention as soon as possible! His voice was so serious which is what amused me the most, he has a very good sence of humor.

'Duh, Bayo. I want my little niece or nephew to be perfect and it will be as you say, but she is a powerful witch, I bet her injury was caused by no small thing!' Morgana was no joke! She has the blood of Morgaine Le Fay in her veins only Merlin could rival her power. When Bayoán brought his mate home we were taken aback by the aura of the curvy, 5'5" feet tall witch with fire red curls, emerald eyes and a galaxy of freckles sprinkled on top of her cheeks and nose. She can conjure a hurricane and see through any lie. For a clown like my brother, she was the ideal mate to keep him in check and his incessantly annoying pranking has gone down 78% at least! So yes, we HEART Morgana very much!

'So? What was it?' I ask at his silence. 

'A boulder of debris from Mt. Cemí Izzy! My mate and baby could have been pancakes!' Pancakes? Why is he this way?

'And yet all she has is a bruised shoulder! Bayo are you joking right NOW?! I can't tell with you anymore!' I can feel his admiration and devotion for his mate through the link and familial Bond, I can tell he has Morgana next to him and has opened his mate link to her so she can listen in, he wants to make her laugh, he wants to take as much pain away from her as posible. I love Ura and Maco, but Bayo is the brother who can make us laugh till tears come out! Although since Morgana, he has been less of a joker, and now that he is to take his place as Beta, I fear his joker side will be gone. He jokes, but as Dad's apprentice he knows the weight on his shoulders, he only jokes with us, but the truth of the matter is that as a Beta he is very formal outside out family. I wouldn't like to be in his shoes.

'Yeah, yeah, she'll live... but Izzy, if what you say it's true, this is treason. Mom and Dad, the Alpha, Yadiel, and from what I've heard it's over a thousand wolves so far and from what I heard from Gloria many are missing.' I sigh.

'I'm sure there will be many more before we finish counting, we land in an hour, I need some sleep I need to reserve energy, I used too much and feel the hibernation process upon me, just make sure to explain it to Morgana, we go full on Sherlock once she is cleared.' 

'No, Iza listen. There is a power vacuum right now.' Huh?

'What do you mean?' Wouldn't Isla take charge?

'The Luna will be on full grief, The High Priestess, did not follow her duty, no one in the pack can order to do anything unless it was the Alpha... Braka will not allow her, or any Elder in leadership until the investigation is over. That leaves The Priestess of the Goddess in charge. Braka controls the Army, he will only hand it to whom is highest in hierarchy and whom he doesn't have a reason to investigate.' Well fuck... Bayo is a captain in the military, he is fun and games until he has to work. My father's Beta blood flows strongest through Bayoán, who at 6'5 and a beast of black hair and eyes like Ura, but with our mother's light complexion, making him look more like a vampire than an actual wolf. He understands how power works in The Pack, he and father always made sure we understood the dynamic. I look at Braka nervously, he is deep in thought and more than likely linked with his Warriors. I was starting to not like this, I did not like it one bit...
###chapter 8: Deacon
Kayden's POV:

We did as much as we could with the time we had, the medical ward is ready and stocked with supplies. Alexis made sure the food was ready on time. The pack house is ready with many big and comfortable tents with as many cots and blankets outside to make sure that everyone feels at the very least not exposed to the elements. I just hope it's enough.

My mother decided to leave rooms in the pack house for those of a Higher Hierarchy within the pack.Yet even the pack house doesn't have room for such a number. It was September and the temperature was starting to go down I am trying to imagine the weather in the Caribbean compared to here, yet a lot of people came out with warm clothes for the refugees and from what Gabriel and my father mentioned from a conversation over the phone, apparently Marius had prepared something very similar. And I don't know why that made me jealous all of a sudden, all I knew is my wolf Deacon was excited, I hadn't actually felt him stir in a bit. 

'Well lookie who decided to finally grace us with his divine presence you have been gone for some time are you taking time off from wherever it is you go to hide?!' Deacon was not amused, but he was too excited to care.

'What are you so excited about that brought you from giving me the silent treatment for so long?' I asked him like if I understood anything that he did anymore. 'Because she's finally coming! Finally we will see her and have her and love her and claim her, it's been so long!' Is he drunk? 

'She is coming! I stood back all those times with all those women Kayden, but this one is the real one, the Moon Goddess has made true on her promise of a mate and if you fuck this up Kayden, I will REALLY go dormant FOREVER, and what true Alpha can lead and fight without his wolf?' I would just be a human!

'Deacon, are you seriously threatening me right now man? After basically being away for years unless I shift?' This is ridiculous, I will not be intimidated by what could be called my subconscious! This is not the first time he gives me shit.

'I AM! Though it's good to know that there is still enough edge to you my dear human to understand what a REAL threat sounds like, I joke not Kayden, you fuck THIS and I am gone!' I swallow hard, a bead of sweat on my forehead, for an Alpha to be declared 'Wolf-Less' was the end of that Alpha's reign, the title of Alpha would go to my brother Marcus even though he is a Beta, he could still be declared Alpha if Deacon makes true on his threat. Then we really don't get our mate.

'Again Kayden, it's good to be back! It's nice looking forward to something exquisite instead of the same bullshit you usually make us consume, I have had enough of your crap. I have been listening and am aware of how the mate Bond works for our mate's clan, I will be in my best behavior but I swear Kayden, if you do anything with any of your sluts you will hurt her and if you hurt her I will hurt you!' What. Just. Happened?

'What happened was your wolf got sick of your shit, Marcus has been warning you for years about mates, how they are a Blessing from the Goddess and ours is on her way and she must be powerful for me to feel it so soon, still so far away!' This doesn't usually work this way, usually there must be a scent, a look, a touch. Maybe he is just imagining things, yet I have a feeling too.

'She may also carry a special bond with the Goddess? I heard that those with special affinities have a wider aura.' I say wondering.

'Yes! Yes! Our mate is special to the Goddess! We MUST treat her with love and care, she will need comfort, we must cherish her!' I am intrigued yet...

'You didn't listen at all did you dummy! Their mate Bond adapts, we won't know what she needs until we meet her!' Shit! Even I am getting exited now! If Deacon can sense her now she must be special.

'Yes! Yes! THINK more Kayden! It is exiting! We are going to meet our soul mate! I can't wait to love her!' 

'Yeah I'm exited too, but for Goddess sake Deacon, you're making me nervous, we can't loose control or we could scare her away.' And just when I think I am getting through to him:

'Mate would never fear us, she is promised by the Moon Goddess! She will love us!' He says as he purrs. I just facepalm myself. How did I end up with him?!

'Deacon, hey get it together man! Haven't we grown up to stories of mates being rejected and then loosing their minds?!' I could feel his fear.

'NO! Mate will not reject us! You are in the right on this Kayden, you will control and I will control, we will let our mate come to us, she is mourning...I am sad for our mate Kayden.' Mourning? I wonder how many close to her perished.

'In that we both agree buddy, she will be sad. I am working to make it less sad, I won't fuck it up Deacon, I swear! Come on man! I need some confidence from you!' He could at least help out!

'I am not your buddy right now Kayden! You made us do things I didn't want to do with women I didn't want to even have their scent on me! Even you were repulsed after having them! But to make sure you don't fuck THIS up I will give you confidence in claiming our mate. I already warned you, you hurt her and I will hurt you!' Ah, nothing better than to have your wolf subconscious threatening you.
###chapter 9: Arrival
Kayden's POV:

The airplanes landed on a huge open field within pack territory and little by little the pilot started aligning them, and people started getting out of the planes. I immediately send out the medical personnel so that they can verify of anyone critically injured. Their faces show their weariness the day they have had. The moment the last planes doors opened the sweet scent of pineapples and vainilla hits me as I imagine mine hit her as well, I see that workers and warriors are handling everything well so I decide to walk over to the last airplane so that I may be able to see my mate the moment she steps out. 

I have not seen her, yet through the mate Bond I can feel her hesitation and then fear. The Bond warns me to stay at bay... Damn, that hurt! But I immediately remember what my father said and take a deep breath clear my mind and calm myself, exhale. I sense her calm down as well, then a minute pases, two minutes, people are still getting off the plane, 3 minutes, I take another deep breath and calm myself again. 4 minutes, and then I see a tall Guy that extends his arm to a girl, it's her! She is tall, she's just wearing shorts and a tank top which allows me to see that she is slender with an athletic body, yet her curvy hips and her butt show her mixed heritage, her hair is as black as sin, I can't see her eyes yet, her skin is the perfect color of cream it looks just a smooth, and I see black marks on her. The man is helping her, I want to strangle him, breathe Kayden! I can see the weariness in her face, she is so beautiful! I call for one of the women helping to bring a blanket for her she must be cold... I see an even taller man come from behind her he must be half a giant! Come to think about it, looking at them, most of the Osupa are tall, even the females! The even taller man looks at me and pases my mate and the other tall man and ascends the stairs to meet me. Either way I tell the woman with the blanket, noticing now see it's Clara, a friend of my mom's, to go up the stairs and cover up my mate.

The really big guy reaches me: "Hello, I am General Braka of The Osupa, you are?" He asks with a very, very deep voice extending his hand, damn he has a strong grip! He must be at least 7 feet tall, I small Alpha blood. I see Clara cover up my mate and is talking to her and the men next to her. Where did THAT other guy come from?! Focus Kayden! I feel the Wind pick up suddenly. 

"Greetings General I am Alpha Black, on behalf of The Blood Moon Pack we are sorry for your losses and we are very happy to help and assist you in any way possible, is the Alpha among the survivors?" I'm trying to keep my voice as calm as possible, but now that I have found my mate I am so restless. I had no idea that this would have so much control over me! 

"Unfortunately no, neither did his son and heir, Yadiel. We have another situation Alpha, I am aware that your mate is the woman on top of the stairs, I want you to know that the men that are with her are her brothers, I hope that helps ease your composure. However I must tell you that we are going through a very difficult process right now, and right now that woman up there is very important to our people. She is a Priestess of the Goddess who just lost her father and mother, her Alpha and her milk brother, and countless others. Who has lost her home which she fought very bravely to protect and is very vulnerable right now. We have to do certain inquiries on to what happened, I know you want to go to her, it is the nature of mates, but Alpha Black, please I hope you can restrain yourself." My mate is a Priestess of the Goddess! I take another breath and let it out slowly. 

"Thank you for that information General Braka I assure you it has helped, I have been made aware how to your mate Bond works within your tribe, I can assure you General I am focusing my wolf and focusing on myself. The last thing I want to do right now is hurt my mate even more." And yet I want her in my arms! "What do you suggest I do, I would very much appreciate instruction or advice in this matter."

"Thank you for understanding Alpha, the first thing I suggest is for you to step back from the plane and give her space to get off of it, she's not asking you to disappear, she only wants right now for you to keep a little bit of distance and formality until she can cope with what she needs to do for the pack." The General said. 

"Distance and formality, got it." I step away from the plane and she starts descending the stairs with her brothers, Deacon is not happy about it either way. The more she descends the stairs the more I can discern her features, her lips are beautiful color of blush coral, they are full with a Cupid's bow, I can't stop looking at them, breathe Kayden! I take two more subtle steps towards the plane again and I am basically more or less in the same spot I was before. And when she was about to get off of the stairway she has a little slip and immediately I grabbed her hand I put my other arm to the small of her back and I feel a current of pleasurable electricity in the places that I am touching her. it all happened so quickly! She looked up at me, but immediately changed her gaze toward General Braka. I'm still holding her and I see her Priestess mark on her forearm, it is glowing with a turquoise light.

"Alpha, please." he extends his arm towards my mate and an involuntary growl escapes my mouth. My mate stands frozen and her Mark light gets dimer until it starts glowing yellow, and the sensation of utter calm engulfs me. I'm no longer growling and I look at General Braka and extend the arm that I'm holding with my mate so that I can put her hand in his. And I guide her towards him, I think that is the hardest thing I have ever done in my life till this point. The moment that she takes his hand I can feel Deacon give a small whimper, but we are calm, and I think whatever my mate did with her Mark has something to do with it. I snap out of it enough so that I can see the two men that were behind her, they look at me with sympathetic looks.

"Excuse me, please forgive me it was not my intention to disrespect your sister in any way, I'm trying my best to control... me." I look down, I really had no idea that this thing would have so much power over me.

"It's all right man, and believe me she understands too, if not she would not have used The Light of Serenity on you. But here's the thing it's not fair to her to control herself and to control you. So you're going to have to put a little bit more into it, and from what I hear from our other brother it is almost uncontrollable for an Alpha but we have been trained since childhood to control it. I am Aymaco this is my brother Urayoán and our sister's name is Loiza by the way, thank you for receiving us Alpha Black." 

I am so relived, I thought I had shoot myself in the foot but I don't want her to have to exert herself more controlling her feelings and then controlling mine. She's only asking for a little distance and patience, she's not asking for much and she is still understanding and reasonable. 'Deacon man we got to get this together, I need more self control.' 'Yes, yes, Kayden! I will go to sleep her wolf Aryn is soothing, she is humming a tune to help me sleep, she wants you to be nice and understanding for mate.' Whoa, even her wolf has particular abilities! With Deacon knocked out I will have more control. 

"Hey Aymaco, Aryn is putting my wolf Deacon to sleep, I will have more control would you allow me to escort you to the pack house?" He looks at me with a little bit  reluctant.

"Look Alpha, we do not know what caused cataclysm up this morning, that is going to be investigated, however because of a lot of suspicious activity that happened during the event, it has caused a ripple effect with its conclusion right now at this very second being that my sister is the one in charge of the pack. I would have to ask her." What in the Goddesses name happened there?! He goes to my mate and tells her my request, none of them are speaking so I imagine they're all talking in their mind link, I see that she looks back at me, and she nods to her brother.

"She agrees, she needs to rest she has been up since before Dawn and has spent massive amounts of her strength and power this morning battling a volcano and has not yet recovered, she's still in her sleeping clothes." My poor mate must by exhausted. 

"Of course! Whatever she needs will be at her disposal. And always come to me directly with whatever she requires." I link Adam to bring my truck at once. I tell them all to get in while I verify that everything is going well with the rest of the refugees, I go to my mother and she says that there is nothing to worry about and that they have everything under control.

When I go back to my truck I see that my mate and her brothers are in the truck but General Braka has decided to stay behind. 

"I thank you for your offer Alpha but I have to stay behind and oversee the rescue and I must find one of our Truth Seers so that we can verify that everything adds up. I will be sending one of my captains which is also another brother of the Priestess to watch over her at the pack house if you don't mind, right now at this very moment she is the key to our future if the Goddess allows us to still have one." He says bitterly. And I nod and go to my truck, I link Nancy at the pack house, to get rooms ready and a special one with comfortable clothes so my mate can bathe and sleep. And suddenly a thought came into my head, 'Nancy, please have Elder Agatha to prepare her pumpkin cream soup.' 'Yes Alpha! At once!'

I get in the drivers seat and adjust my mirrors to make sure I can at least steal glances at my mate... We start headed to the house, "It's not far and we will easily be there in less half an hour." I glance at my mate through the rear-view mirror and I can see that she has laid her head on her brothers shoulder, she looks exhausted, with a distant look and even though she's not looking straight at me, I'm able to finally see her eyes better, they are the color of clear Amber and one moment I glanced at her the sunlight hits directly at her gorgeous face and her eyes seem to be on fire themselves they have a  hue of orange in them. 

She must be the Priestess my father mentioned earlier, my mother had been a Priestess of the Goddess once, a High Priestess to be exact, before she lost her mark and her favor with the Goddess, she would tell me of the beauty of Avalon and how they are taught to rid themselves of inhibitions and let themselves surrender to Nature. I was 14 and didn't understand very well so I asked my grandmother, a simple answer was that the Priestesses of the Goddess are more sensible to changes in nature and human emotion, so they basically feel what a normal wolf feels only enhance tenfold, just like an Alpha. I remember in that moment of innocence I have prayed to the Goddess to have one of her Priestesses as my mate, and she came through! Looking back on that I feel a bit of shame, little after that I turned 15 and Delilah offered to make "me a man" as a birthday present and I gladly accepted, forgetting the prayer I made the Goddess. 

As we reach the Pack house and welcome them inside. Every face on them but The Osupa don't seem to mind. Nancy comes over...

"Alpha, the rooms are ready shall I escort our guests?" She suddenly looks at Loiza, and takes a knee and bows her head. "My Lady, you're are a Priestess! You look like you had a heavy morning, Alpha allow me to send Jolene to tend to her! Once she is more at ease I'll take her some of Agatha's pumpkin cream soup so she can rest." Nancy is the best at running the pack house, and she knows Jolene is devout to The Goddess, so she would take very good care of her.

"Then proceed Nancy I leave them in your capable hands." Even though I don't want to leave, I want my mate to be well taken care of, it would have been better if I could do it myself. "Well gentlemen I leave you in the capable hands of Nancy while I go back." I take Loiza's hand in mine giving it a gentle kiss. Glaring eyes from her brothers. "Please excuse me My Lady, I don't wish to leave but I have to return." When I am about to let go of her hand she holds it and sends a current with the feeling of gratitude, I didn't know we could do that! "Thank you Alpha, I was craving pumpkin cream soup, I am not hungry but I need something to help regain my energy, that was very kind." With her head down, avoiding my gaze my mate says. Her voice has a sexy raspy edge to it that I love in women, it's doing things to my nether regions, I kiss her hand again, at this point I'm just looking for any excuse to touch her! "Anything for you My Lady. I hope you can have a peaceful rest. I will take my leave." I let go and walk out. I get to my truck, and take the hand the touched her to my nose inhaling her scent like oxygen.
###chapter 10: The Mate Bond
Loiza's POV:

Besides everything that's going on I just had to find my mate TODAY! Ugh! Is the Goddess testing me? 'Izzy, it's our mate!' At least Aryn is exited. 'Aryn I need your help, I need you to reach out to his wolf and soothe him, remember we have a mission.' She is not happy but she knows what is at stake here. I really wanted to go to him, the moment the airplane doors open his scent of fresh rain and pine trees hit me so HARD that coupled with my exhaustion makes me have to sit again, I have so much to do! I start feeling fear of not being able to conduct my duty in this uncertain time. I am very apprehensive of leaving the plane now, will he be able to understand that I'm not rejecting him?

"Izzy, what's wrong?!" Maco asks coming down to my level as people start getting off the plane. 

"He's here, my mate is here Maco!" I look at him with what I can imagine are crazed eyes and I put my head in my hands.

"Hey, hey relax dear sister, we are all here for you. Ura give me your flask!" Maco commands. 

Ura's eyes go wide, "What flask?" Maco gave him a death look.

"Are you fucking serious right now? I know you have a flask with rum on you right now brother don't make me turn you over get it!" As the oldest Maco is the most diligent, protective, most serious and right now the head of our family. Besides the fact that he is extremely intelligent, he is an exceptional Warrior especially in his human form since he knows so many different combat skills, but his biggest strength will always be his smarts. After training to be a spy for so many years he found an abandoned cell phone in Marrakesh one day, and that night he decided to open it and figure it out, and he did! he was even able to repair it without any prior Tech experience. Needless to say that after that mission, he came home with a purpose of changing careers.

"FINE! Here Izzy take a sip, it will help with your nerves." Looking at Maco with reproach.

"Don't you fucking dare look at me like that unless you want to start wearing your skin inside out!" Maco threatens. 

"WILL BOTH OF YOU SHUT THE FUCK UP!" I take one sip, two sips, three sips...

"Whoa, whoa there, that's enough you haven't eaten since yesterday!" Ura takes the flask away, but already I am feeling calmer. Eaten since yesterday... I will never have Mami's cooking again, I feel my eyes grow warm with tears, but I take a deep breath.

"How do you feel Iza." Maco ask with worry. I give him a strong hug and he hugs me back rubbing my back to help calm me. 

"Ready to g-get off this plane. General c-can I ask a favor?" 

"Anything My Lady, I am at your command." I shiver at that, with that statement he transfers power to me making me feel more confidant.

"We are going to disembark, once I see who my mate is I need you to go talk with him and explain the situation. Tell him I am not rejecting him at all, but I do need some time, I cannot deal with the mate Bond right now until we figure out what exactly happened. I  don't want to hurt my mate but I need distance and formality...for now." I hope he understands. 

"Spoken like a true Osupa, consider it done My Lady! Now let's get you out of here and get you some proper rest, you confronted a volcano just a few hours ago by yourself." I nod and Maco helps me up and leads me steadily to the exit. The sun is so bright and the weather is a bit nippy for my taste, I am still wearing my sleep clothes and in a tropical island you don't need to wear much.

When we reach the platform the scent becomes overwhelming! I look around and I see him! By the Goddess he is magnificent! I can tell that he is almost as tall as Bayoán, golden curls, sharp jaw reminding me of artistic descriptions of the Sun God Apollo, he is wearing boot cut jeans and a white T-shirt that even though it's not skin tight, I  can clearly see he is diligent with his body. I dare not look at his eyes, THIS alone is making my knees bucle. General Braka comes out from behind us so he can look: 'There, the blond one with a white shirt right at the bottom of the stairs.' I link to him and my brothers.

'Understood.' And he starts descending the stairs to him. We listen to their chat and the sound of his deep voice makes me close my eyes and swallow hard. I am exhausted, but I still muster up enough power to call upon the wind to calm me, and the wind picks up and surrounds me, the contact with my body helps me focus my emotions better, even though it's chilly. There is a woman coming up the stairs with a very welcomed blanket and wraps me in it. "Thanks." Maco tells her I can't even utter a sound. Ura walks out when he senses the wind and goes to the side of me opposite Maco and helps me steady myself and both help me down the steps. 

Half way I start finding all of this ridiculous, I even start feeling like an invalid, I am a Priestess and should carry myself with dignity! I was trained for this for Goddess sake! I let go of both of them and try to steady myself, I look inward and focus on the water in my heart so that it slowly steadies itself. I reach the bottom and all my high and mighty dignity goes down the drain when I trip with the friggin blanket! And to my surprise he catches me! Sparks hit me instantly and unconsciously I look at him, his eyes, immediately I glance towards General Braka. I saw his eyes! They are the color of clear jades! Ugh! FOCUS DAMN IT! But it's extremely hard with him touching me... and then I feel the Bond from within, and my Crescent Moon Mark starts glowing turquoise, the specific color to represent MATE.

"Alpha, please..." Braka extends his hand to me. My mate growls at him. I have to put a stop to this before it gets out of control. I focus inward again to try to invoke my inner Light of Serenity and my mark starts glowing yellow. I feel my mate calm down through the Bond and he guides my hand towards Braka and nudges me gently. I feel his hurt, but this is how it must be for now....

I am beyond tired now. Maco was talking with him and he offers to take us directly to the pack house so that I can rest, at this point I already know that Aryn has soothed his wolf, Deacon is it? And he is sleeping... 'Good girl Aryn.' I told her in encouragement. 'Deacon is loving, our mate loves us! He says his human Kayden is not very smart, but to be patient with him.' Kayden, I get a feel for his name it in my mind. 'Is that what his wolf says? I bet you said the same about me!' 'It's nothing personal Izzy.' Sigh...

I link Braka 'Thank you General, I must rest now or I will collapse, we are going to go to the packhouse so that I can rest and I maybe out for a while I have overspent my energy, I need you to find Morgana, she needs a medical check up and after I need you to interrogate Yaya first before anyone... I need to know the entire timeline of her perspective of the event. I started feeling the itching on my Mark at 4:31, I need to know her timeline of events where she was at what time and who ordered her to board with the rest of the Elders and under what pretence. I definitely need to know who gave her the order. If she speaks truth, and mentions who gave her the order I want to be present for THAT interrogation, also secure The Luna, assess her emotional state and then bring her to the pack house as soon as possible so that she may rest as well, got it?'  'Understood My Lady, it will be as you say' He responds taking his right fist to his chest and giving a small bow... just like he would acknowledge the Alpha's or Luna's  commands. I REALLY hope Yaya is innocent, in the Hierarchy she would be in command and I can go back to normal.

While we are in Kayden's truck driving to the pack house, I know that he is stealing glances of me through the rear view mirror, every time he gives me a glance, I shiver a little. But I keep my mind steady looking out the window, my face blank. I really can't wait to take a bath and go to sleep for a while.
###chapter 11: Rest
###chapter 11: Rest

Loiza's POV:

As I saw Kayden leave through the corner of my eye, I felt the pull of the mate Bond to go to him, but that would have to wait. A cute petit girl with a ponytail of rich auburn curls, fair skin and bright dark blue eyes comes up to us asking for me... "Are you the Lady Loiza as you really a Priestess of the Goddess?" I show her my Mark and she jumps up and down excitedly.

"Uh yeah, hello my name is Loiza and these two are my brothers Aymaco and Urayoán. Nice to meet you." I reply with a yawn. "I'm so sorry please excuse me, I am also really very, very tired."

"It's so good to meet you I am Jolene! I wanted so very much to be a Priestess of the Goddess too but sadly I failed my trials but at least you are here at least! Our pack shall have a Priestess! I will have the honor of serving the Goddess in another way! I am here to take you to your rooms to help you get settled and rest, are you hungry? There is food ready for you we really hope you like it, we hav--"

"JOLENE! Take a breath girl! By the Goddesses's mercy! Can't you see her Ladyship is tired! I am so sorry My Lady, Jo sometimes gets carried away." Nancy scolds her. 

"Sorry My Lady." The girl says bowing her head. 

"It's very nice to meet you Jolene, I am glad you will help us, but I really need a bath as soon as possible or I will pass out." For real I can't anymore. I need to start the hibernation process now.

"Yes! Come with me! Come, come!" She says enthusiastically. And we follow her. 

'Wow! And here I thought Natalia spoke fast!' Ura says chuckling through the link.

I stay silent I NEED a bath PRONTO, I need to submerge in water. "Jolene is there a deep tub in the room I will be staying at?" I ask.

"Yes My Lady! The Alpha has commanded for you to have a suite! So do you want a bath instead of a shower My Lady?" She is too chirpy for my mood right now. 

"It's not a question of what I want anymore but what my body needs Jolene." I reply.

"I will help you My Lady, here!" She told my brothers. "This is your room, there are already clothes and toiletries you will need and it's next to your her Ladyship! There is a lunch being prepared for all of you, so whether you wish to eat or sleep after you wash up is up to you, ok?" She opened the door for them. 

"Thank you Jolene, we will be fine, please take good care of our sister, ok?" Maco tells the girl. "I will! I will run a bath for The Lady right away!" And she opens the next door. "This is your room My Lady, how would you like your water?" She seems like a really sweet girl but I just cannot take this right now, I feel like somebody is hammering next to my head while I have a migraine!

"Wet! I'll handle the rest. I just need to be submerged." I instantly regretted talking like that to the poor girl who was only trying to help me. It's like asking me to do work without having my coffee first!

"Yes! At once My Lady!" And she scurries into the bathroom to fill the large jacuzzi tub.

'Look guys just check up in half and hour to verify that I have not passed out inside the tub.' I beg my brothers through the link. 'I don't think Jolene has served a Priestess before and the assistance needed after using so much life energy it requires.' And both respond in the affirmative, knowing full well what that entails because it wouldn't be the first time. 'See you guys in a while and verify who else survived, I need a count of every single survivor, got it?'

'Yes ma'am! As you command your Ladyship!' They say in unison. Idiots! I roll my eyes and go into my room.

"Jolene?" I ask while looking at the room. It's very nice, but I already I am starting to feel very dizzy. I let go of the blanket I have been using to keep the growing coldness away.

"In here My Lady!" Jolene shouts from one of the two doors in the room. I enter and my dizzines gets the better of me. I go to the toilet to throw up my empty stomach... Ew. 

"My Lady how can I help you?! What do I do?!" Jolene asks looking clearly terrified. 

I take a deep breath, "Please help me undress, my energy is spent." I have cold sweats and I feel I am going to pass out any minute. 

"Yes at once!" She helps me take of my tank top and shorts. I then grab the edge of the tub and press my head to it trying to find the energy to get in, the cold of the tub feels good to my forehead. I take another deep breath and extend my claws, then I remember I am a guest and ruining a nice tub would be disrespectful to our hosts, shit. "Ok, Jolene, I am trying to get up to get into the tub, do you think you have the strength to help me in?" She picks me up and actually submerges me gently into the water! I would not have expected that little girl to be that strong. But I am finally in the water and even though Jolene made the water hot, it wasn't hot enough! In that moment I focus my mind to HEAT. My Priestess Mark turns orange and the water is now the correct temperature. Now I focus my mind on HEAL, instantly my mark turns mint green, and then the entire water turns into a murky mint green as well. I finally start breathing with a little bit more steadiness. 

"Thank you Jolene..." My voice a mere whisper and everything goes dark. 
###chapter 12: The Price every Priestess Pays
Kayden's POV:

'What do you mean she passed out?!' Jolene links me telling me that my mate passed out in the tub right after she threw up, clearly she was in worse shape than I thought. I go back to the pack house and run up the stairs to the room I commanded be for Loiza. Just when I am about to open the door both my shoulders are held to stop me. It's Loiza's brothers. 

"Jolene linked me and told me that Loiza was passed out in the tub!" They still hold on to me and they look very calm, while I probably look like I'm about to lose my mind!

"Calm down Alpha, do you have a Priestess in this Pack?" Maco asks. 

"My mother used to be a High Priestess, but she went out of favor with The Goddess." Why aren't they worried? They just look at each other and Maco nods to their room at Urayoán and he goes in the room. 

"Did your mother lose her High Priestess status before you were born or when you were very young?" Why more questions?

"Before I was born, why?" All I know is that I can't feel my mate through the Bond!

"Ok, so you really don't know how this works, Alpha we need you to be calm now, this is not unusual when a Priestess has spent all of her essential Life Energy, and since you are our sister's mate we are going to allow you to see how this works, but you have to cooperate, do you think you can do that Alpha Kayden?" He looks at me with a serious expression.

"I don't understand." What the hell IS WRONG WITH MY MATE! In that moment Urayoán comes out of their room with a small spray bottle. 

"We know you don't understand, that's why we wanted to make sure if there was a Priestess in your pack, we wanted to make sure that you did not understand so we could help you. But we can only do it if our sister does not notice you in the room. You have to control yourself, whatever you see and whatever you hear you will not make a sound and you will not react. The spray will mask your scent. Do you think you can do this Alpha? If not we will have to go in ourselves, we don't want to betray our sister but we know that you are her mate and you will have to learn about these things. It's a small price to pay for being mated to a Priestess of the Goddess." I am very confused, but they seem to be putting their necks out to help me understand my mate. So I take a deep breath and count backwards from 10 until I am as relaxed as I can possibly be.

"Yes, I am in control." I say calmly.

"Are you SURE?" Maco says that last part gritting his teeth, as a warning. And I REALLY notice their self control. Here I am a nervous wreck who already growled and their General and they are as cool as cucumbers! I am definitely going to have to up my game...

"I am sure." I reply serenely.

"Remember that you are just an observer, you will keep your distance, you will stay silent and above all you will not touch her! Are we clear?" Urayoán says while holding the bottle ready to spray me with its contents.

"Crystal." I reply. He starts spraying me with the contents of the bottle, and surprisingly I can't even smell myself! Fascinating!

When Ura is satisfied that I have no scent he gestures me to follow him and his brother into his sister's room. We walk over to the bathroom, where I see a distressed Jolene slapping my mate gently trying to wake her up. Her heartbeat is faint but every beat is stronger. 

"I don't understand, when I was finally able to put her in the water she said thank you and she closed her eyes, I just thought she fell asleep but when I came in 10 minutes later she was still like that, I started calling her but I had no reaction from her, after another 10 minutes I started to panic and I linked the Alpha!" Jolene is clearly in a lot of distress and I can't blame her, if I did not have the pep talk in the hallway with her brother's I probably would be the same way.

Ura pulls Jolene away from the tub gently telling her it will be alright, he hugs her in an embrace schussing her thanking her for helping his sister.

"It's already been half an hour, the water is starting to clear and the temperature is starting to go down. Jolene can you please get us a towel?" Maco asked the distraught girl. 'Kayden I don't feel Aryn are they going to touch mate?!' Deacon wants out. 'DAMN IT DEACON didn't you listen to mates BROTHERS? We have to endure it, they are teaching us how to help her in the future, don't you see that it looks that this is not the first time they do this? CALM DOWN!' That should shut him up for a bit.

"Ura get the towel ready" Then looking at me. "It's colder here than in the island, her body temperature will drop exponentially the moment I get her out of the tub, Jolene, the reason she told you that the water temperature did not matter was because she graduates it to a specific temperature which helps her secrete the necessary chemical compounds from her mark to heal her body and restore her essential Life Energy. Basically what this means is that every time that she has to spend massive amounts of energy she is forfeiting 10 minutes of her life, so it's actually quite lucky that werewolves get long life spans. If not she probably would not live over the age of 60." I am flabbergasted at this information! Why did my mother never tell me this? 

Maco turns back to me. "I'm pretty sure that by now your wolf is anxious because he cannot feel Aryn. When she is in this state her wolf works as a backup battery. She basically goes into hibernation as to not take anymore of Izzy's energy which is why she is not her normal temperature, our species naturally has a higher temperature than humans, obviously this is because of all of the energy that our body already uses because of our metabolism and the ability to shift, that is an ability we have because of our wolf. Now here comes the tricky part, I need Ura to have the towel ready to make sure that her temperature does not drop too low. If her body temperature were to drop too much with her wolf in hibernation it will give hypothermia to the hibernating wolf followed by it's death. If that happens, she will be fully human and no longer a subject of the Goddess. Do you understand now why this is done? Just nod your head if you understand." He asks as he keeps monitoring the water. I just stand there with my mouth open in shock, but I definitely understand what this means, no wolf, no mate. I nod. 

"Jolene get the warmest blanket and pajamas you can find for her ASAP." Jolene goes to the closet and looks for what she is told. And I go to the side table of the bed and find a small notebook and pencil. I understand now why they asked me to be quiet, as my mate if she were to hear my voice she more than likely would awaken interrupting the hibernation process before she is fully healed. Which would cause a relapse and risk her wolf. How often has this happened? I write and show it to Ura. He sighs... "Not much, she needs to have used massive amounts of power to get to this, and that is without counting the times that this must have happened when she was in Avalon, the only difference is that in Avalon they have professional caretakers for the Priestesses and since time doesn't really exist in Avalon they sacrifice nothing, it's only when they leave Avalon that the clock starts." Urayoán gives him a questioning look and Maco takes the paper from my hand to his. And he nods looking straight at me. "I was reaching a breakthrough creating a thermal suit for her and Yaya so that they didn't have to expedite so much of their energy, all that research is probably lost already and I'm going to have to start from scratch from memory, all of my research is at the lab." And I can hear the bitterness in his voice as he says it. And I realize that Maco is an engineer, he looks like a Warrior!

Jolene comes out of the closet with everything Maco asked for. "Jolene I know you were excited to help a Priestess of the Goddess and again we thank you for your help, but that is why she had us on standby. Even to SERVE a Priestess you need training, they are strong and powerful and have the backing of the Goddess but if there is a miscalculation on their part or their caretakers, it could mean their death. Did she throw up before she was able to get into the water?" He asks wringing Loiza's hair trying to get as much water out. 

"Yes! How did you know?!" She looks at me about to cry. 

"Shit! Jolene leave the things on the bed and get her a bowl of that soup and a cup of ginger tea, okay?" 

She looks at me glassy-eyed on the verge of tears, and I tell her through the link... 'Go kiddo, we know better now relax, just follow instructions.' And she runs out of the room.

"Okay we're going to need you to give us space now, the water has gone clear and has no more healing properties for her so she has to come out of the water now, Ura are you ready bro?" He looks at his brother. 

Ura nods. "Always, hand her over." And Maco picks up my naked mate from the tub and they act in complete synchronization. The moment her body left the water she was immediately engulfed by the towel and she was inside Ura's arms, Maco stands up and hugs the side opposite Ura and she is sandwiched between them, suddenly I can feel both of them raising their body temperature. And suddenly I am surprised that I am completely unfazed by this, I don't feel rage at them, nor anger, on the contrary. I feel gratitude, I can see how much they love each other and what they're willing to do to protect their sister. 

As pack creatures we protect our own, but I have never seen this type of devotion. Suddenly Maco nods at Ura while taking Loiza's weight on himself, and Ura goes to get the things Jolene left on the bed while Maco is drying her, when he is satisfied that she is dry enough he picks her up and goes to where Ura is ready with the warm pajama bottoms and Maco deposits her in them while Ura guides her legs to the correct openings and raises the pants to her waist while Maco slowly lifts the towel out of the way. Then like clockwork Ura gets the fluffy pijama shirt unbuttoning it and opens it to receive her, he nods at Maco indicating that he is ready. Maco sits her on Ura's lap as he hugs her and Maco retrieves the towel and dumps it on the floor and reaches into each sleeve taking her hand and pulling it out the sleeve, as Ura is hugging her nothing is exposed and Maco buttons her up. Goes back in the closet to get a new towel and wraps her hair. "Can you link Jolene and ask her to bring a blow dryer to blow dry her hair please? And does that fire place work?" Maco asks. I nod give him a thumbs up and I link Jolene and tell her what we need and I start a fire. 

Ura lays her on the bed and leaves the room and Maco goes to the bathroom and gets a glass of water and puts it on the table to her right. Ura walks in with a stone and puts it on the table on the left and I realize that they are surrounding her with the elements. I have never seen something so complicated be done with that kind of synchronisation, and it makes me realize that if I were not here they would not even have to speak, this complicated dance that they do to make sure that their sister lives is something that looks so natural to them. Even though she was naked, I only got a peek, they did it in such a respectful manner towards their sister that even Deacon was calm which helped me be calm. I write on another piece of paper... What about her puking? I show Maco. He sighs. 

"That one is on her, when the airplane door opened and she got your scent she started freaking out, she was already feeling her life draining and then all of the sudden she has to deal with having a mate. I wanted her to have a sip of rum to calm her nerves, but she chugged three shots on an empty stomach. When Jolene comes in with the ginger tea and soup you MUST leave, we will try to wake her a bit so that she can eat something so that she doesn't fall asleep on it completely empty stomach. And the tea will help settle her stomach.

"All of this, is the price to be a Priestess of the Goddess, that is why when there is no Alpha, no Beta and no Luna, and The Elders under investigation, the weight of the pack falls upon the Priestesses, that is why General Braka is following HER orders, so now let's do the math, since 4:30 this morning my sister has been battling a volcano alone trying to buy time for the pack to evacuate, she is the daughter of the Beta who died, our mother died, our Alpha, his son, which he was Izzy's milk brother, died and last we heard our pack lost over a thousand wolves and she feels like a failure. Add to that the sudden weight of command being placed upon her shoulders in a moment of crisis, a pending investigation and she's only 19 years old, then add to that getting here only to discover her mate, a mate of a pack who doesn't understand our ways and knowing how most wolves act when they find their mate, and she knowing full well that she does not have the luxury right now to even think upon that because she now leads a pack of over 9,000 wolves, we still don't have the numbers but we're hoping that at least that was close to the number that survived and they survived because of HER. I hope that lets you understand a little more all that she has been through just today. She is the strongest person I know." He says as he gets up from the bed and escorts me out of the room.

Once we are in the hallway... "Now that we can speak freely, do you have any questions?" He asks directly. 

And even though that we are out of the room now I am still speechless, I just can't help recreate over and over what I just saw.

"Not at this moment." I confess 

"Do you think you're up to this?" He asks with a frown. 

"I don't understand what you mean, are you asking me if I'm going to reject my mate?  Because of what? A few inconveniences? Have you ever dated? Have you ever been with a woman? There are always inconveniences. And every single one that I have met has not been worth that inconvenience. Your sister is a Priestess of the Goddess and from what I have witnessed so far, you speak truth when you say that she is the strongest person you know. Sometimes inconvenience depends if it's worth it. So no, I'm not going to reject my mate, she is mine, and if you think that little spectacle is going to scare me away you're gravely mistaken. Do YOU have any questions?" I say that last bit gritting my teeth.

I can see him studying my face find any falsehoods, but he won't find any. Suddenly out of nowhere he smacked the side of my shoulder and says "Good man!" And goes back to the room. 
###chapter 13: Trainees
Aymaco's POV:

After my little chat with Alpha Kayden I go back to check on Iza... Already Jolene has returned with the food and brought another girl. 

"Jolene are you feeling better and who is your lovely friend?" I ask the visibly more calm girl. 

"Mr. Aymaco, I am so sorry for my blunder, please I hope you can forgive me." She says with her head hung low.

"Little one you have nothing to be sorry for, you even said that my sister thanked you! Why would she do that if you did anything wrong? I know what is necessary to do when Loiza is in this state. Tell me truthfully, how did she get in the tub? If she was puking she must have been in the floor, I KNOW she wouldn't have the energy to get in herself." Our family has been through this with Loiza several times and we know that once her energy was spent she would not be able to even raise a finger. 

"I picked up and put her in. " She started sniffling.

"Well you are a strong one! There you see? Like I told you before, she had us on standby as a precaution, she is young, but she knows her limitations and she knew that we were close. Now no more tears ok?" She wiped her nose and nodded her head and a little smile graced her face. 

"Ok, Ura wake her so she can eat something" He knows the dril and goes to her feet and starts tickling them until she stirs and opens her eyes and kicks Ura right in his gut. The girls start giggling at that. 

"Yeah, yeah it's hysterical until it's you who gets kicked!" And he chuckles with the girls. 

"Are you guys serious I feel like I'm dead..." Iza whispers drowsily.

"Izzy we are very serious, get up a little, look Jolene brought something for you to eat so that when you go down for the count you don't have an empty stomach honey, now come on." I help her sit as best she can and give her a sip of water first and she drinks it slowly. 

"Jolene did you bring the blow dryer?" Ura asks her. 

"Yes! And I brought my best friend Kendra to dry it! She is really good at doing hair and make up. If I dry her hair I will mess it up." She says sheepishly.

"Can she dry it while I sleep?" Izzy asks weakly while taking a sip of soup. 

"Kendra?" Jolene asks the silent girl. She had been so quiet that I had completely forgotten that I even asked about her.

"If Jo can help me then yes, but it won't be as pretty." The girl responds with a timid voice.  Her obsidian eyes lowered. 

"She doesn't need it styled, she just needs it dry, so it's ok and I am sure Jolene will help, right Jolene?" I ask. 

"Of course! I would be happy to!" She responds enthusiastically. And by this time Izzy pushes back the rest of the soup and Ura is helping her with the tea. 

"Jolene, would you like to be an official assistant to the Priestess?" I ask her. The girl clearly seems very devout to the Goddess to be willing to help. 

"Can I really?!" She puts her hands to her chest and her eyes become bright as if I had offered her a precious stone. I also notice the other girl give Jolene an expectant look. But Izzy gives me a side glance. 

"With training, sure!" I answer. "You will learn everything and anything you need to know to serve a Priestess correctly. Like not allowing her hair to get wet when she is and a medicinal bath, it was an honest mistake, but now you know better, and understand the why it should not be allowed to get wet. You basically had your first lesson today!" 

"Can Kendra train with me? She also failed her trials but still wants to serve the Goddess!" I look at Kendra and before lowering her head I saw that her eyes were glazed over. I remember when Loiza passed her trials when she was only 5 years old, I remember the other two little girls who failed, they couldn't stop crying. I was 13 back then and didn't understand what all the fuss was about. Ura is quick to answer...

"Hey, two is better than one!" And Kendra's face lights up with a wide smile, her black almond eyes brightened. 

By this time Izzy had finished the tea and was about to go under again any moment. Ura helps her lie down again and tucks her in  kissing her forehead. We are all protective of her and our other sisters, but since she returned from Avalon she would stick to Ura like glue. He is an exceptional tracker, one day he went out hunting and she followed him, he knew he was being followed and decided to teach her. She had only known Avalon and we were exited to have our little sister back, since then they have been inseparable, since she had learned everything from him they were a very good team going out on missions outside of the island. Of all of us, it is Ura who knows Izzy the best.

"Ok then, I have to meet up with your Alpha to sort out somethings, I will mention your training. By the way how old are you girls?" A pack with a Luna who used to be a High Priestess is strange, but with NONE? And these girls look of an age that they should have concluded their High Priestess training by now. 

"I am 16 and Jo is 15." Kendra answers as she and Jolene take the damp towel from Iza's hair.

"Ok, then were is the girl who DID pass the trials, did she decide to continue her education to be a Prime Priestess?" I say this looking directly at Ura so he understands that I am finding this very unusual. About a month before this mornings events The Grand Priestess of Avalon had contacted Alpha Gúarionex giving him the names of the next three girls who would take the trials to be trained as Priestess. Karaya already has two Priestesses and Avalon was granting a third. Yet this Pack has none. I see him look at the girls for the answer. 

"No, she only finished her Priestess training but shortly after her return was killed by Rouges in an attack." Jolene said sadly. I see Ura now looking at me with a look that I know too well and he links me... 'This is a load of bullshit, when Izzy returned at 14 she could easily beat 10 well trained warriors on her own without shifting. Something is not right here.'

"Has Avalon offered to take another girl?" Ura asks them. By this time the girls were  untangling Iza's hair. 

"No idea, you would have to ask the Alpha." Jolene said.

I most certainly will, it seems as if the Goddess has taken her Blessings away from this pack. And yet she destined Izzy to be mated to it's Alpha. Is that why we were offered another Priestess and Blood Moon none? Urayoán decides to stay with Iza going to a couch in the room and lying down.

'I am staying with her, do me a favor bro, bring me my bag and something to eat. I am standing guard over Izzy until she wakes.' He's now restless, even I'm restless.

'Agreed'. After I get him what he requested I decide to go meet with Braka and Bayoán. The boats haven't arrived and I want to contact them to find another rendezvous point. My mind is now going a mile a minute. 
###chapter 14: Regret
Kayden's POV:

After leaving Loiza's room I go meet with my father and Marcus to where the rest of The Osupa were. We made sure to assure their comfort, Alexis made a great lunch of Cuban sandwiches and freshly squeezed orange juice, I even ate one of those suckers! Those are damn good! Most of the people of the pack had healed from any wounds that they had, however some had wounds that cannot be fixed. Some people had lost their leg or an arm, many of those cases happened because of simply tripping and stopping their fall but their hand falling in the lava. At the very least the only a small number, however they still don't know the full extent of their casualties.

"They are so many." I tell Marcus. He has been trying to help sort out the casualties. 

"And those are just the ones that arrive by plane, I heard someone say that some had evacuated on boats and still they outnumber us. Mom was helping distribute food when a few moments ago their General asked her instead of helping the people to just help their own Luna who is grieving. He sent some guards with them to the pack house." He said.

"Well it does make sense, from what I heard the Luna lost her mate and her son both at the same time, she most definitely be distraught. Plus, she is one of moms acquaintances." That's how she would call people who were close to her,  she has has weird phobia of calling anyone a friend. "Ok, so what's going on now?"

"They seem to be a proud people, they're only accepting as little help as possible. Most of the people have been tended to and are being escorted by their own Warriors to the tents that we set up, and they don't seem to be wanting to be separated to Blue Moon, last I heard Marius is on his way to try to persuade them, that way we won't be so swamped... anyway I hear congratulations are in order, so you finally found your mate! How is she?" He asks with a huge stupid grin on. But I can't help smile at the thought of her.

"She is better now, I had no idea of how draining it is to be a Priestess of the Goddess, has mom ever talked to you about any of this? She even recommended Jolene to help, but then I find out from her brothers that to be an assistant to a Priestess you need proper training, that's why they stayed behind to make sure that she was safe." I tell him with a frown. 

"Mom never talks about any of that, but what do you mean that you need proper training to be an assistant to a Priestess? And safe? No one's going to hurt her in the pack house, especially with her being your mate!" He answers with raised eyebrows clearly getting confused himself.

After I explain everything that happened his expression went really dark. "So basically she could have died, no wonder they're interrogating their other Priestess. This IS strange." And Marcus goes into deep thought, I can already see the wheels turning in his head. "I'm also surprised that you kept your cool during that whole ordeal. And I can definitely understand her brothers concern with regards to you, I asked you the same question that he asked you, do you think you'll be able to handle being mated it to a Priestess?"

I am shocked that he would even ask me and I feel the anger in me raise... "Please brother, elaborate on your stupid question!" He can see my eyes are black and I am clearly PISSED.

"Spare me your outrage Kayden! This is serious, your mate is a Priestess of the Goddess! Do you have any understanding of what that means? The Goddess has placed one of her most treasured warriors under YOUR protection! How many women have you bedded already, how do you know if you don't have any loose pups around? Every time you get bored with some woman you just throw her to the side, I've been telling you for years the difference between a regular fuck and a mate and the potential harm you can cause her with your usual lifestyle." Fuck! Marcus always finds a way to cut through my bullshit. The moment he mentioned the other women I felt sick to my stomach all the sudden, it's been dozens of them and I know for certain none of them had one of my pups.

"The moment Deacon told me that our mate was on the way I haven't been able to stop thinking about her, and the moment I laid eyes on her I knew I would not lay eyes on any other woman again! And with regards to lost pups I've always sent Avis to investigate the validity of any claim and it always turns out that it's a ploy! You said it yourself this IS MY MATE! I can already feel her, I already know I love her and would do ANYTHING for her." I roared at him! If he wasn't my brother I would have sliced him in half for talking to me like that! I am breathing heavily right now.

He looks at me thoughtfully for a moment..."I guess now you understand the power of the Bond and from what I see from these people they don't mess around with it. Already 27 people have found their mates within the Osupa, NONE have been rejected but like Dad told us before, they are in mourning and do not want to engage just yet, except for two. Those two couples already all lovey-dovey. Goddess help you if you reject or hurt your mate in any way. You forget that I know you better than anyone Kayden!" And I am surprised when the last bit was said with a growl. I look away knowing he is right and I didn't want him to see my face full of shame. Even Deacon gives me an 'I told you so'. 

"FINE! What do you want me to say Marcus? That you were right and I was wrong? Well you know what? This is that day... you were right and I was wrong! The power of the Bond is stronger than any lust I may have. I'm never going to reject her! EVER! She is MINE!" I am so angry at myself now, he HAS been warning me for years. I am willing to wait for her, I just hope that she accepts me soon because I really can't wait to hold her in my arms at the very least. Then I remember the love and devotion Loiza has form her brothers and how Marcus is more similar to their ways than me. Sure we have always been close but he has always acted like the older brother, even when we were little and him being younger, if I got in trouble he stood by me always. I have no right to reproach anything from him. I rub in between my eyebrows and when I look up at him he has this huge triumphant smirk on his face!

"I knew you would see things my way once this happened to you and you got a freaking Priestess! You lucky bastard! And if your next question is if I'm jealous, the answer is yes. If you treat her right you are on your way to an even better sex life that you had before with only one woman. So again congratulations!" And just like that my brother proves once again that he is a better man than I am. And I pulled that bugger in to hug him. "I'm sorry brother!" He hugs me back and just tells me... "Cherish her brother, if you hurt her I doubt the Goddess will give you a second chance."  He Kayden's POV:

After leaving Loiza's room I go meet with my father and Marcus to where the rest of the Osupa were. We made sure to assure their comfort, Alexis made a great lunch of Cuban sandwiches and freshly squeezed orange juice, I even ate one of those suckers! Those are damn good! Most of the people of the pack had healed from any wounds that they had, however some had wounds that cannot be fixed. Some people had lost their leg or an arm, many of those cases happened because of simply tripping and stopping their fall but their hand falling in the lava. At the very least the only a small number, however they still don't know the full extent of their casualties.

"They are so many." I tell Marcus. He has been trying to help sort out the casualties.

"And those are just the ones that arrive by plane, I heard someone say that some had evacuated on boats and still they outnumber us. Mom was helping distribute food when a few moments ago their General asked her instead of helping the people to just help their own Luna who is grieving. He sent some guards with them to the pack house." He said.

"Well it does make sense, from what I heard the Luna lost her mate and her son both at the same time, she most definitely be distraught. Plus, she is one of moms acquaintances." That's how she would call people who were close to her, she has has weird phobia of calling anyone a friend. "Ok, so what's going on now?"

"They seem to be a proud people, they're only accepting as little help as possible. Most of the people have been tended to and are being a squirted by their own Warriors to the tents that we set up, and they don't seem to be wanting to be separated to Blue Moon, last I heard Marius is on his way to try to persuade them, that way we won't be so swamped... anyway I hear congratulations are in order, so you finally found your mate! How is she?" He askes with a huge stupid grin on. But I can't help smile at the thought of her.

"She is better now, I had no idea of how draining it is to be a priestess of the goddess, has mom ever talk to you about any of this? He even recommended Jolene to help, but then I find out from her brothers that to be an assistant to a priestess you need proper training, that's why they stayed behind to make sure that she was safe." I tell him with a frown.

"Mom never talks about any of that, but what do you mean that you need proper training to be an assistant to a Priestess? And safe? No one's going to hurt her in the pack house, especially with her being your mate!" He answers with raised eyebrows clearly getting confused himself.

After I explain everything that happened his expression went really dark. "So basically she could have died, no wonder they're interrogating their other Priestesses. This is strange." And Marcus goes into deep thought, I can already see the wheels turning in his head. "I'm also surprised that you kept your cool during that whole ordeal. And I can definitely understand her brothers concern with regards to you, I asked you the same question that he asked you, do you think you'll be able to handle being mated it to a priestess?"

I am shocked that he would even ask me and I feel the anger in me raise... "Please brother, elaborate on your stupid question!" He can see my eyes are black and I am clearly PISSED.

"Spare me your outrage Kayden! This is serious, your mate is a Priestess of the Goddess! Do you have any understanding of what that means? The Goddess has placed one of her most treasured warriors under YOUR protection! How many women have you bedded already, how do you know if you don't have any loose pups around? Every time you get bored with some woman you just throw her to the side, I've been telling you for years the difference between a regular fuck and a mate and the potential harm you can cause her with your usual lifestyle." Fuck! Marcus always finds a way to cut through my bullshit. The moment he mentioned the other women I felt sick to my stomach all the sudden, it's not like it's been dozens of them and I know for certain none of them had one of my pups.

"The moment Deacon told me that our mate with on the way I haven't been able to stop thinking about her without even looking at her oh, and the moment I laid eyes on her I knew I would not lay eyes on any other woman again! And with regards to lost pups I've always sent Avis to investigate the validity of any claim and it always turns out that it's a ploy! You said it yourself this IS MY MATE! I can already feel her, I already know I love her and would do ANYTHING for her." I roared at him! If he wasn't my brother I would have sliced him in half for talking to me like that! I am breathing heavily right now.

He looks at me thoughtfully for a moment..."I guess now you understand the power of the bond, and from what I see from these people they don't mess around with it. Already 27 people have found their mates within the Osupa, NONE have been rejected but like dad told us before, they are in the mourning and do not want to engage just yet, except for two. Those two couples already all lovey-dovey. Goddess help you if you reject or hurt your mate in any way. You forget that I know you better than anyone Kayden!" And I am surprised when the last bit was said with a growl. I look away knowing he is right and I didn't want him to see my face full of shame. Even Deacon gives me an 'I told you so'.

"FINE! What do you want me to say Marcus? That you were right and I was wrong? Well you know what? This is that day... you were right and I was wrong! The power of the Bond is stronger than any lust I may have. I'm never going to reject her! EVER! She is MINE!" I am so angry at myself now, he HAS been warning me for years. I am willing to wait for her, I just hope that she accepts me soon because I really can't wait to hold her in my arms at the very least. Then I remember the love and devotion Loiza has form her brothers and how Marcus is more similar to their ways than me. Sure we have always been close but he has always acted like the older brother, even when we were little and him being younger, if I got in trouble he stood by me always. I have no right to reproach anything from him. I in between my eyebrows and when I look up at him he has this huge triumphant smirk on his face!

"I knew you would see things my way once this happened to you and you got a freaking Priestess! You lucky bastard! And if your next question is if I'm jealous, the answer is yes. If you treat her right you are on your way to an even better sex life that you had before with only one woman. So again congratulations!" And just like that my brother proves once again that he is a better man than I am. And I pulled that bugger in to hug him. "I'm sorry brother!" He hugs me back and just tells me... "Cherish her brother, if you hurt her I doubt the Goddess will give you a second chance mate." 

"I know." I whispered back at him.. 
###chapter 15: Interrogation
Aymaco's POV:

I link Bayoán to see if they had already interrogated Yaya.

'We haven't been able to start because she is  unconscious... and from the blood samples that Daniella was able to examine, she was drugged. She hooked her to an IV on her right now to flush out her system... she just woke up! So if you really want to see this I suggest you get your ass here now!' Drugged? What the actual fuck is going on?!

'Where are you guys right now?' I ask.

'We are in the medical ward at the pack house so just get over here.'

I asked Jolene were exactly the medical word was and I follow her instructions on how to get there, Morgana, Bayo, Bruno and Braka are there. I reach out to my brother and we hug each other like as if we didn't see each other just yesterday at dinner before he went to his own home with Morgana, and then I pull her in the hug kissing her forehead.

"Hey!" Bayo complains. "Why don't I get a kiss too?" He says chuckling.

"Will you be serious for once dude! How's my little niece or nephew doing? Is your shoulder better Morgana?" A freaking captain of the military and even now he can't stop cracking stupid jokes.

"It's fine, and my shoulder is still sore but it should be fine by tomorrow, how's Iza doing?" The fire haired witch asks.

"It's under control, she is sleeping and Ura is with guarding her." I just want to get this interrogation over with immediately.

"Guarding her? Why does she need a guard?" Braka asks.

"It's a long story, but General I suggest you put two guards at her door not allowing anyone in unless Ura allows it. I guess we'll have more information after this interrogation." Braka's expression becomes dark and I can tell he's linking soldiers protect my sister.

"I have sent Jorge and Susana, no one will get past them." It's true, if anyone gets past them it would have to be a whole pack and right now with the numbers I have in my head we already outnumber our host pack.

"Shall we get started?" Braka asks. Morgana takes a seat next to a still drowsy Yaya.

"Yaya how are you feeling?" Morgana asks her.

"Like someone is hammering in my head, what are you guys talking about an interrogation what happened?! Where are we?" Yaya asks. And Morgana nods at us, indicating that Yaya is genuinely confused.

"What is the last thing you remember My Lady?" Braka asks.

"My mark started itching and when I go outside to see if I can get any indication of what's going on, someone put the rag over my face and then I wake up here. What happened? Where are we?" We look at Morgana, "she speaks truth she does not remember anything, she does not know what happened?"

"Happened? WHAT HAPPENED?!" She has started hyperventilating. "Why can I feel so many people missing from the link? Where's the Alpha? Where is Desmond? Where is Dana?" Morgana's eyes are fluttering like butterfly wings, she is registering Yaya's panic.

"Daniella, can Yaya have a something to calm her?" It's going to be hard for her to invoke her Light of Serenity in this state, and we can't give her answers. Priestesses are powerful but they feel everything and right now it must not help that she feels all of our anxiety and just waking from being drugged, she is overwhelmed. Daniella goes and gets something ready. Even I can feel Yaya's distress through the link. Daniella injects what I can only imagine to be a sedative into her IV. And Yaya breathing starts to steady, it's then her Mark shine yellow. I look for Desmond and Dana, Yaya's children through the link, it's faint, but they are there, I suspect they are in the boats. Yaya never found her mate but she married Cayetano who was killed in the line of duty a few years ago.

"Yaya, I felt both of them, but they are fine. Do you have any idea, any recollection of any one of who drugged you?" She pauses thinking on what I just said. And she starts pounding her head with her hand. Bayo reaches her and stops her.

"Focus Yaya, use your intuition!" Morgana reminds her.

Suddenly Yaya's Marks starts glowing yellow again, she closes her eyes and the Mark is very bright engulfing the whole room with its yellow light. She takes a deep breath and opens her eyes. "Can someone tell me what happened now? I'm a priestess not a telepath." Morgana looks at us.

"Guys she really doesn't know we need to know how she got on the plane." Shit!

"Wait!" Yaya says suddenly. I can see her trying to remember something. "Where is Urayoán?" She asks.

"Why?" Braka asks.

"He has the sharpest nose on the island, I remember that when whomever put the rag over my face I felt pressure on my back and arm, so whomever drugged me must have left his or her scent plus they must have carried me. I'm sure Urayoán will be able to get a lead." I can see her still trying to remember more, but she's on to something. I link Ura to get over here.

"Bayo, go to Izzy's room and stay with her until Ura returns, that is the only way to get him in here, I told them about the guards but you know how he is." I tell him.

"Got it, tell him I'm on my way." As he leaves the room I link Ura. 5 minutes latter Ura gets here and we fill him in on what's happening.

"Is that the clothes you had on Yaya?" Ura asks her.

"Yes." Yaya responds.

"Can someone get her another shirt? Daniella has her bag with her and hands her a t-shirt. Yaya takes off the one she has and hands it to Ura before putting the one Daniella gave her. Nudity is not a big deal for us and as a Priestess she cares even less.

Ura puts on surgical gloves before taking her shirt, the scent must be contaminated enough already having been over three hours inside an airplane. But here Ura is in his element. He sprays saline water inside his nose as to rinse it from other scents, he goes to the sink and blows his nose. He is preparing it to receive and study every single scent on that shirt. He gets a ziplock bag out of his own bag and puts Yaya's shirt inside of it and then he zips it up. He then opens it and puts his nose inside the bag, he always does this to avoid the scents from everyone who is surrounding him. He closes his eyes and I can tell that he is in deep study of it. He opens his eyes suddenly!

"There are of course a lot of scents on this shirt, but one sticks out like a sore thumb after your own Yaya it is the strongest. He closes his eyes and puts his nose inside the bag again, he usually does this to make sure to just focus on that particular scent, he takes deep breaths. He looks at General Braka and asks where is Elder Joel.

"Everyone that was in Yaya's plane is in holding except for the pups and the Luna." Ura locks the bag.

"Well I strongly suggest you question Elder Joel, besides Yaya's scent, his is the strongest." I see Braka link someone.

"They are bringing him now." Yaya turns to Ura.

"Urayoán how is Iza, I can barely feel her?" A tear fell from her eye and her eyes are glazing and her Mark shines yellow again, she is trying to keep it together.

"She is fine Yaya but she is in hibernation for now. We will tell you everything but you need to maintain serenity." Yaya is a veteran Priestess, and besides her original shock from waking up she is slowly composing herself, and I am glad she isn't the traitor, and if Izzy is lucky she will be fully cleared by Braka and hand command of the pack to her.
###chapter 16: Comand of The Osupa 
Aymaco's POV:

"General, how long will it take to clear Yaya as to pass command of the Pack to her?" I ask.

"After we interrogate Elder Joel, but I am satisfied with the results, once the Lady Loiza is up we can transfer power." Braka states.

"You will do no such thing!" Yaya interjects. "I am an Elder, my days of leadership are long past, plus this this very morning proved that my skills are not as sharp. I will serve as advisor to Loiza, in fact we last spoke of taking time to complete her High Priestess training. But we need young blood in leadership, Elders guide and share wisdom but we are children of the Moon and must accept when the phase we live has passed."

"Yaya, I understand your wisdom, but Iza is young, lost everything and just found her mate. Isn't this a little much of a burden on her?" Ura asks full of concern.

"Don't you know your own sister? She can already perform tasks only a High Priestess can achieve! She is an amazing strategist and the Goddess keeps Blessing her with more power. She can do this and we are going to help her." Yaya is determined.

"Giving her that power would be akin to naming her Alpha Lady Yaya..." General Braka frowns at Yaya.

"Precisely... my Mark has been itching for the past 20 minutes, I'm sure Iza does not feel it because she's in hibernation. But we are not safe where we are now wherever that is. Again I need to know what happened. everything is not right here." Yaya is calm but thoughtful, she is back to full regal Priestess status.

After we explained to her everything that happened this morning during the time that she was unconscious she is thoughtful throughout the entire story. "They probably thought that if I couldn't help your sister she would probably die. But I verify the status of different aspects of the island weekly, there was no unusual activity from the mountain, I'm going to wait for Iza to wake up to investigate the mountain." Yaya is deep in thought. She also has the particular ability of opening portals were 10 or 11 people may cross, it usually takes massive amounts of energy from her part, but if the other person is also a Priestess it mitigates the effort.

"What are you implying my lady?" Braka asks sternly.

"From everything you have mentioned to me that happened this morning, and the information I know about are island's terrain and the things that can disturb them, I have my suspicions. When are you going to interrogate Elder Joel?" She asks.

"Well My Lady since you decided that command shall rest on Lady Loiza, we will wait for her since she has her own questions. We prefer not to alert Elder Joel that he is a suspect." Braka replies.

"But I thought you said that they were bringing him now?" She asks confused.

"We wanted to see if you had any reaction, I'm sorry for the deception My Lady." She lays back to bed with her eyes closed and massaging her temples. "I guess all in all this has been an awful day! Do I get something to eat at least?"

"At once My Lady!" Braka links someone. "A lady named Nancy will bring you something, also I have sent for Zara and Caleb to stand guard, I am not liking the fact that this pack doesn't have a Priestess to begin with." Braka says resolutely.

"Wait, they have no Priestess?! I thought their Luna was one." She asks with raised eyebrows.

"Not since before the current Alpha was born, I saw her earlier and she only has a light scar of were her Mark should be." I inform her and I could see Yaya's eyes go wide with shock.

"She must have committed a grave offense against the Goddess! And they didn't get a substitute?" I can tell she is more uncomfortable by the minute.

"They did, but the girl was killed in a Rouge attack... or so they say." I had a bad feeling about these strange unfortunate events against Priestesses of the Goddess in this pack myself.

"A Priestess of the Goddess killed by rogues? That's nonsense! The attack would have to be in the THOUSANDS and rogues can't coordinate attacks of that magnitude, even if she was a young girl she is trained not just in combat but the how the elements at her disposal. I have a feeling this place is cursed." Yaya says with a dark expression.

"Where is the Luna?" She asked suddenly.

"Luna Lydia is helping her through her grief." Braka informs her.

"You mean the same one who lost favor with the Goddess? I think not! General send Warriors to protect the Luna as well, we definitely do not want her unguarded." Braka follows her orders. "How long has Loiza slept so far?" She asks looking at me.

"No more than about three hours My Lady." I answer, usually Loiza would need about 12 hours before she is back to her usual self.

"That won't do, we need her to wake sooner rather than latter... I will transfer some of my Life Essence into her that will help her wake sooner without any risk to her, we need her and she will need me. My Mark has not stopped itching which means we are not an impending danger, but we are not safe either." I feel Yaya officially be back to her usual self, after not even knowing what was going on it only took an hour for her to sort all of her emotions, understand that the pack was not safe and is now willing to transfer some of her life Essence into my sister to make sure that the chain of command is not broken and that it is active as soon as possible.

"My Lady, if you do transfer some of your life Essence into Loiza how much of your life are you willing to forfeit?" Just like with Iza using up her Energy, the transfer of energy to someone else also has a cost.

"I will give her one more hour of sleep, but after that I will give her enough energy no matter how much of my life I forfeit, by my calculations it will only be a year, which will be well worth it if we are in danger NOW, what is a year of my life worth if we are basically risking to lose ours now. This must be done, I need her awake to help with the interrogation of Elder Joel and I need her to come with me to Karaya, I'm also going to need her so that we can go back to Avalon, right now they are the only true allies we have and it's best that all of you remember that. Now if you excuse me I need to eat something and recover to prepare myself for the ritual to be able to transfer that energy, get in contact with the boats, pick another rendezvous point or at the very least tell them to stand down for now, as long as they do not come here. And General, make sure that every Warrior is inconspicuously alert, we do not want our hosts to know that we find them suspicious." With that Yaya dismissed everyone except for Morgana, as a witch, she can assist Yaya with the ritual. 
###chapter 17: Unothodox Pack
Marcus POV:


More and more I find the Osupa quite exceptional. Even with our help they have barely used our resources except for the absolutely necessary, they seem to be quite in control how they go about fixing their own issues. Our people have mainly stayed on the sidelines. Our pack has been as helpful as possible but it is as if they do not actually want our help, it's like they only needed place to go and to regroup. 

I had hoped to find my mate among them, but alas, nothing. My wolf, Wilk was also disappointed, but at least Kayden found his, he is a good leader, but with all the women coming and going from his bed it creates a sort of instability within the pack, not to mention the drama. As I watch him leading now I can see more determination and maturity come to the surface... about time too. And it only took him meeting his mate, I can only imagine how it will be once she accepts him and complete the mating ritual. My mother was a High Priestess once and everyone says how much more competent my father became after he found her. With an Osupa Priestess Luna, our pack could  definitely become stronger, especially if the Osupa decide to join us. All I know is that I sense a change in the wind for our pack. 

I go over to Kayden and one of the Osupa captains to verify their status, night is upon us yet their military have The Elders at bay. I heard that they suspected treason upon what happened this morning, yet how can that be if it was a volcano that destroyed their home? As I walk over Kayden waves at me to hurry. 

"Captain, this is my brother and Beta, Marcus...brother this is Captain Bayoán, one of Loiza's brothers." I shake his hand, he has a very firm grip, I feel the Beta blood in him.

"Captain, I hope that we have been able to  accommodate you and your people, is there anything else we can do to help?" He is a big guy, not as big as their General or other warriors in their ranks, but he is big.

"Thank you Beta, I was just mentioning to the Alpha about a ceremony we will perform tomorrow night to honor the dead, but unfortunately we were focused on evacuating and nobody was able to bring drums. We can make them, we just need the raw materials wood and leather. Alpha Kayden has already offered some stored wood, we just have to hunt for the leather." What?

"You mean hunting deer for their leather? Won't it take time for it to dry to make into drums?" The closest music store around here is hours away and they probably not have the drums they use.

"Well we would hunt it and use everything, but Loiza and Yaya can dehydrate the leather to perfection almost immediately! They will need the drums to be able to perform the ceremony either way." Bayoán answers like it's the simplest thing in the world.

"Uh, yeah. Do you need any men?" I ask not even knowing what was needed of me. 

"Nah man, we just wanted to make sure it was fine with both of you and to ask your patrols not to be alarmed while we hunt tonight, cool?" No I am not cool letting Goddess knows how many wolves hunt in our territory at night, but I glance at Kayden...

'I'm not jumping for joy here either Marcus, he says they need 13 drums and 30 wolves should be enough to get them in the fewest time posible. Also they have to hunt without outside help, double the patrols at the border but no one is to interfere.' Kayden is adamant to allow this. 

'Are you sure about this?' I ask cautiously but his eyes turn black and just growls making me flitch. 

"Loiza NEEDS this done or it will take longer for her to accept me! Just make sure it's DONE!" I notice that the Captain just stood there with a pleasant smile on his face. He was completely unfazed, and by his demeanor it seems he already knew what we were talking through the link. 

"As you say ALPHA! Come Captain, let's discuss were there is the most game in our territory." I don't like the cockiness of Captain Bayoán, it's like he knew his request would be granted no matter what. I get in my Jeep with the Captain and we head to the western part of our territory, it is usually undisturbed and always has plenty of deer and sometimes large elk. 

"You don't have to call me Captain, Beta Marcus, Bayoán is fine. I'm sure that by now you have noticed that I am a Beta as well, and we are here as your guests so there is no need to be so formal, besides, your brother is my sister's mate after all, that makes us family." He says while looking out the window still smiling smugly. 

"Family? Is that how you convinced my brother in basically lowering our defenses?" I say gritting my teeth trying to keep my cool. 

"Do you not see the mates of your siblings as your own family? Knowing that your brother or sister will suffer if anything happens to their mate, you would not want to protect them? Of all of my siblings till now, I was the only one with a mate, my family has treated her as if she shared our blood, I know with absolute confidence that if anything were to happen to me, my family would never abandon her. I have heard of the mate Bond working differently in other packs, I just didn't understand how weak it was." I slam on the breaks angered by his little cheek insult. 

"Are you implying that the mate Bond in your pack is the best and that everyone else's is weak?" What an arrogant asshole!

"Tell me Marcus... how many packs have you visited in your life?" What?

"What does that have to do with anything?" I ask.

"Before I was a soldier undecided for a more routine military life, I used to be a spy, I gave that up because I don't blend in as well, but still I was able to visit many countries and tried to promote alliances between our pack and those who did not seem to be extremely hostile. Do you know what I saw?" Where is he going with this? 

"I'll bite, what did you see...Bayoán?" Since he decided to address me so informally I guess there's no reason for me to keep up any pretense.

"I saw the very unnatural act of rejecting a mate. Before I wondered outside our island I had only heard the term in training and as my father's apprentice, never in the history of the conception of the Osupa has there been a mate rejection. Even HERE with everything that has happened there hasn't been a single member of our pack who would dare reject the will of the Goddess, and yet already one of YOUR pack has rejected her true mate. After what happened today and an added rejection from his mate the wolf in question is receiving therapy... every time somebody from a pack rejects the will of the Goddess, it takes away some of her protection from such pack and she starts taking away her Blessings. A mate is a gift, the perfect being to help not only with love, companionship and reproduction, your true mate is also there to make sure you reach your maximum potential and the best service to the pack. Rejecting that gift weakens the pack as a whole... it basically chips away at their strength because that which the Goddess has given to make it stronger has been rejected." I guess I bit of more than I could chew, I had indeed read this theory a while back in the library at the High Council, but while I had to look for the information in the library it seems that they LIVE by it.

"I have read of what you say, yet how do you explain what happened to your people this morning? Wouldn't you say that the Goddess has taken her Blessings from your people?" I know that was a low jab but I really want to get his opinion on the matter. But to my surprise he laughed!

"That is yet to be determined. There is an investigation, yet we need Izzy up to help, I guess not having a Priestess in your pack breaks your connection to Avalon and the Goddess herself. I even noticed a broken altar to the Goddess not far from the woods behind your pack house, The Council must have a tighter grip on your pack than maybe you yourself know." And with that he goes back to looking outside the window. I have seen that broken altar all my life but never paid any mind to it, nobody really has. Yet HE DID and I could hear the contempt in his voice while he said it.

"It's just a slab of stone." I retort trying to sound more confident in my pack. But deep down his words have taken root, since they have arrived they have shown nothing but devotion towards each other, they have only accepted the bare necessities from us, but it seems that they really do not want to mingle much with us. 

"Whatever you need to tell yourself to make you feel better Beta. Now can we stop stalling, we have a hunt to get done, I'm sure you have a lot on your mind right now." I start the engine again and continue.

"Is that how you convinced my brother to authorize this hunt?" He is not wrong, my mind is thinking on what he said. Father did mention the mate Bond among The Osupa, and from what Kayden mentioned earlier about how Loiza's brothers care for her in complete synchronisation while she is at her weakest has had left me thinking if it is OUR pack who has fallen out of favor with the Goddess. But... why would she give my brother one of her Priestesses as his mate?

"Nope, I just asked, no convincing necessary. Your brother is mated to my sister, so HER mate bond is guiding him to make the best choices that are in the best interest of his mate. It's that simple, that is how strong the Bond is within our people, your brother is adapting to it." Well that is interesting, I want to hear what Kayden says to that. 

We reach a clearing before entering a thicker part of the woods. I stop the Jeep and inform my companion that we must continue on foot. 

"Good, I haven't let Nicodemus out in a while, I'm sure he will be happy to run through a new forest, he always does!" And he starts to take off his clothes with no hesitation. I follow suit as he shifts into his massive grey wolf with a black muzzle and molten gold eyes. He is as large as Deacon! I snap out of it and let Wilk out, he has typical agouti  camouflage fur and is smaller than his. He motions to me to lead the way. Now Wilk wants to show of, he may not be as big but he knows he is fast and he starts running to where the is always deer or elk. Running is always helps me relax yet Bayoán's wolf quickly catches up to me and I can see he is lowering his pace so he doesn't go ahead... HE IS EVEN FASTER! Yes I'll admit I am jealous and slightly intimidated. Bayoán is a Beta, but not THE Beta of the pack, until this morning the Beta was his father. 

'...their methods are unconventional.' I hear my father's words echoing in my mind. Yeah, no shit! I have heard that even their training was unique, they even have an active and organized military, not just warriors, but  disciplined soldiers. 

We reach the border and we meet with Helena who is on patrol. I shift and she hands me a pair of shorts, Bayoán shifts but there were no more clothes. 

"I am sorry Beta, but that's the only extra clothes I have on me, there is another stash a mile south." She says averting her gaze from Bayoán, and he just starts laughing again.

"There is no need for that, you are a Warrior, I am sure you have seen your fair share of naked men, this should be brief either way." He says crossing his arm over his chest with a grin showing his lack of care of his nakedness. Helena is a 25 year old warrior and the tallest female of our pack at 6'1", long black smooth hair, black almond eyes and deep tan skin. Her and her sister Kendra look so much alike, yet while Helena was tall with darker skin, Kendra was only 5'6" with very fair skin. Their mother Mei came from Asia pregnant with Kendra looking for asylum from Helena's father, she was friends with my mother and a Priestess herself who found her true mate in Kendra's father. After Helena's father killed him, Mei fled only to die here in childbirth. At 9 years old Helena made it her mission to protect and raise her baby sister and turning into one of our best warriors. 

She looked at me awkwardly... "Helena, it's fine, our guests are going to be hunting here shortly, I am just showing Captain Bayoán where the best game is. So just continue your patrol duties and let them be ok?" 

"Understood Beta! It's a pleasure to assist if you need so Captain." She says while not looking at him. And Bayoán laughs again. 

"It's ok! I know it's not a pleasure to meet this way for you. We won't disturb you any longer,  I can already smell what we need, we will be back soon for the hunt. Thank you for your help Marcus, I will just run back, I have to stretch my legs for the hunt and doubling back will help me assure the path for the hunters, and don't worry, I'll get my clothes from the Jeep on my way back, I wouldn't want to cause anyone a heart attack!" And with that he shifts and runs back in the direction we came leaving me there with a confused Helena.
###chapter 18: Waking the New Alpha
Morgana's POV:

After Yaya recovered from her ordeal she was determined to wake Izz and make sure that she was officially given the title of Alpha, she would not be the first female Alpha of The Osupa, but she would be the first who is Gamma born. Her grandfather from her mother was Alpha but died in the last Great Werewolf War, so she does have Alpha blood. 

"Yaya are you sure this is the right course of action right now?" I ask unsure. While grinding some herbs that are needed for the ritual. The girls Jolene and Kendra have been very helpful finding the ingredients and materials we needed, and Yaya has promised to train them as Priestess assistants. She has experience in training since she trained her own daughter Dana, but they needed permission from the Alpha. 

"It's the ONLY course we have right now... she is the only one I trust to handle all of this in this moment. The Elders are just for guiding the new generation of leaders, Yadiel is dead, The Luna is in no condition to lead and we can never allow the military to take command. Good thing that Braka understands this fact more than anyone." She states while preparing the correct ingredients into a bronze goblet. Yaya will have to take the potion to overcharge her power to be able to transfer it into Iza. "I have already been training Iza to complete her High Priestess training, she still has a way to go, but since she stopped traveling so much we have been able to make a lot of progress."

I see Yaya's Mark turn orange heating the mixture in the goblet, then the light turned bright pink and the potion turned pale pink. "Are you ready to recite the enchantment?" She asks. This will be the first time assisting Yaya in this ritual, but I have assisted both of them in other rituals before and to even increase my knowledge, I had the honor to be invited to Avalon. Iza and Yaya would reminisce of the beauty of Avalon in their childhood, but it took me going there to actually understand their connection to the place. I was even presented with the ancient spell book of my ancestor Margaine Le Fey, who is also my namesake. 

"Ready!" I answer, and recite the enchantment afterwards Yaya drank the entire contents of the goblet and her Mark was instantly turned into very bright ultramarine blue. At that moment Izzy's Mark shone bright ultramarine blue as well, her eyes started fluttering and she began tremble. I want to go to Izzy, but Yaya holds me... "This must be done, she is in no pain, but her body is registering the power surge, be still."

Suddenly Iza became still and opened her eyes and sat up on the bed... "How long have I been out?" She says wiping the sleep from her eyes. 

"Just a few hours." Yaya responds. 

"YAYA! Where the hell have you been?!" Loiza is definitely awake now. 

"Sleeping more than you child!" And she starts laughing. 

Iza looks at me and I nod telling her that Yaya didn't betray us. Iza just rolls her eyes... "So what is our next move? Do you think Dark Elemental power was used on the mountain?" Iza asks. 

"I have that suspicion, however that is not our next move right now. We have to determine who our new Alpha is to be able to move forward with a level head, someone everyone agrees on." Yaya replies. 

"Ok, you are the senior Priestes--" Iza starts. 

"NO! I am an Elder, it's not my place, Loiza you know damn well it MUST be you! You have the support of the military, the Luna, the Pack and Avalon." Yaya was direct and to point. And Loiza's face was pale, she looks at me trying to find a way out, but Yaya is not wrong. 

"And what will happen when I fully accept my mate and become Luna of The Blood Moon Pack?" Izzy brings up a good point. 

"We will cross that bridge when we get there, besides, you are mates...it doesn't mean you will be Luna." I can see Iza's confused stare. 

"Enough! We must complete this ritual before dawn. I will link Braka to get the blood of current heads of families here and representatives of anyone on the boats." I can clearly see and feel Iza is very uncomfortable with all of this, but since living with The Osupa for the past years as Bayoán's mate has taught me anything is that the Pack goes first and everyone knows their duty to it. Iza nodded in apprehensive acceptance.

"Good you came to your senses! Now let's make you Alpha! Let's see what you got in your bug out bag...ok, good we have a Priestess cloak, we will find something suitable for under it! Come, come, we have no time to waste!" We leave the pack house to go deep into the woods behind it where there is already a bond fire with most everyone of the pack. 

We had found a simple cotton dress with long sleeves and a simple colar... funny enough the white dress and Izzy's red cloak made her look like Little Red Riding Hood!

The ceremony was simple... Iza drank the blood of every head or representative of a family mixed with warm wine and a combination of herbs. After Yaya and I recited an encantation, then General Braka took a knee in front of Iza swearing fealty to her from the military and the whole pack followed by kneeling and submitting to their new Alpha. 

We all felt it at once...the full shift of power of the pack directed at Loiza. 

Iza's Mark shined bright violet and her eyes were fully white. The entire pack started chanting: "CACIQUE! CACIQUE!" Over and over...The old Taíno word for chief, before the Greek alphabet was in use in the Western Hemisphere. 

Our ceremony attracted the interest of many Blood Moon pack members including Izzy's mate, his Beta and their father. But since Loiza is a Priestess she also needs the Moon Goddess's Blessing to be in full command. And right on time her manifestation enters the ceremony... four pillars start forming around Loiza like raising tornadoes. One of fire, another of air, another of earth and lastly one of water. They reached to the heavens. Loiza's face is serene as her eyes close taking in the Blessing. And just like that, the pillars fall and everything goes quiet. Loiza opens her eyes and they are bright amber again and she steps forward taking down her hood: "I am Loiza Mirabal, Cacique and Alpha of The Osupa Pack of Karaya Island, if there is any challenger to my rule step forward and remind your loved ones on how to honor your death!" Yaya looked pleased. 
###chapter 19: A New Dynasty
Kayden's POV:


HOLY FUCK! What is going on?! All of the Osupa present are on one knee and a bright light in the middle. I run over with Marcus and my father, as well as every one of our pack members that were near ran over to see what was going on. When we arrive at the center I see my beautiful mate looking like a goddess herself, she is engulfed by a very bright violet light and her eyes are shinning bright white, while The Osupa are chanting Goddess knows what!

"WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON!" I ask no one in particular. Their numbers and their chanting has grown so loud I am sure that everyone in our territory can hear it. It's my father who answers... "Gúarionex had once mentioned this ceremony while we were in the war, we didn't know if we would survive and neither of us had an heir yet. His father had just died in the war you see, so the Alpha title passed to him immediately since he was the first born and if anything happened to him it would pass to his sister. Yet if there is no heir they go through hierarchy and determine a new dynastic line, The Osupa are CHOOSING their new Alpha and their acceptance is granting her all the powers of a true born Alpha!" And suddenly I feel the power surge through my mate Bond with Loiza, it puts me on my knees it's so overwhelming. 

"Yo! Kayden are you ok?!" Marcus wakes from the same trance I was in, looking at the spectacle and my father's words. 

I really don't know how I feel... I am loving this surge of power, yet I also feel Loiza's  apprehension and fear to become a leader. I start catching my bearings and like a drunk I try to get up, yet this inebriation comes from raw power coming directly from my mate and her pack. I am feeling like I am made of jelly... My poor mate that was unconscious just a little while ago must not be doing so well. Yet when I stand she is standing with a serene face. 

Then the ground starts to tremble a bit and one by one thin tornados each made of the elements surround Loiza and I feel an even larger surge of power, but it's not raw of full of unyielding force. In fact it is soothing and reassuring... 'The Goddess herself is Blessing  Mate, she is giding her!' Deacon has been in contact with Aryn since Loiza woke, but he has kept quiet about it until now. 

"WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?!" Marcus asks now helping our mother as she is trying to see what's happening, I notice the shock on her face as well. 

"Deacon says that her leadership has been accepted and Blessed by the Goddess herself!" Like Marcus and most of the pack, I have never seen a manifestation of the Goddess. "Mom I thought you were with their Luna?" I ask. She is just staring at what is taking place with what looks like...anger? "MOTHER!" I try to snap her out. Her head snaps my way and for a brief moment I notice her eyes, her wolf is there but she quickly takes control again... and for some reason Deacon gave a low growl. Am I going crazy? "Mom, sorry, Deacon is a bit on edge." 'Deacon, what the hell man, it's MOM!' He doesn't answer but I feel him become more protective over our mate.

"Mom, are you ok? I said I was sorry, why are you mad?" She looks at both Marcus and me blinking her jade eyes, identical to my own. But she says nothing. And suddenly it all stops. 

I look towards Loiza again, she opens her eyes and they are the same mesmerizing color of amber as before, she drops her hood showing her hair has now a blue shine to her long raven hair and a dewy glow on her alabaster skin. Her Mark is still shinning bright violet and I feel the fear and apprehension that was there before melt away, she steps forward and with her now Alpha voice she gives her leadership declaration: "I am Loiza Mirabal, Cacique and Alpha of The Osupa Pack of Karaya Island, if there is any challenger to my rule step forward and remind your loved ones on how to honor your death!" 

I couldn't help but gulp and I look at Marcus who can't stop staring at the scene, but he looks my way with his face full of shock and he points at one of the Osupa closest to Loiza. It's their Luna who is actually looking at Loiza with pride and starts to undress, we notice that they are all getting naked. The other Priestess goes to my mate and starts undressing Loiza, I get anxious at this, I don't want anyone to see my mate naked! I start going to where she is to stop this yet her Mark turns yellow and I feel a wave of serenity overtake my panic and anger, I stop and feel Marcus's hand on my shoulder. The first time I get to see MY MATE naked is with EVERYONE! 

But what I see takes my breath away, her breasts are the perfect fit for my hands, they look so soft and her small pink nipples are calling me, her trim waist and curvy hips are making my mouth water. I know she is feeling my want through the Bond and it's awakening her own, yet before she allows her arousal to take over she shifts into the most beautiful wolf I have seen! She is all black exept for a white muzzle and white tipped ears, her eyes the color of molten gold.  She gives a long booming houl and the rest of the Osupa shift and join her. The power surge from this makes my spine shiver upwards to the back of my neck making me want to shift and join them! And then I hear a mighty growl come from her and she starts running north with her entire pack behind her. Leaving the rest of us standing there scratching our heads. 

'What the hell was that?!' 'Have you ever seen anything like that?' 'That was some mayor power!' 'I kinda want to run with them!' 'Is she going to be our Luna? She is a mayor badass!' 'Was that the Goddess?' The link of our pack has gone haywire with what they just witnessed. I have no answers for them, I had never witnessed anything like that before. I look to my father: "Is THIS what Alpha Gúarionex said would happen?" I ask him trying to understand what I just saw. 

"He never went into detail on how the ceremony takes place." He is still struck by what he saw like the rest of us. 

"Wait a minute, didn't you say Alpha Gúarionex has a sister, shouldn't the Alpha title go to her?" Marcus interjects with the same question that has been at the back of my head all this time.

"He did, but she died this morning too... she was Loiza's mother. And of all of her heirs, the one with the highest hierarchy is Loiza because she is a Priestess of the Goddess, the title passes to her. For The Osupa age and gender are irrelevant, it's the connection to the Goddess and her will what they follow, and by following her will she grants her Blessings, power, strength, determination, wisdom, these she bestows to her subjects especially the chosen Alpha if he or she is righteous enough... and she made sure everyone saw that she has indeed granted your mate with her Blessing. You must have felt it through the Bond son." I sure did! I see Marcus looking at me for confirmation, still holding mom, her face empty. What's with her?

"I did! I still feel it pulsing through my veins! I am still trying to process it right now!" I still feel drunk with it. I tell them as we can still hear the now distant howling of thousands of wolves hailing their new Alpha. 

"But... if she is now Alpha of The Osupa, where does that leave me? I am her mate, will she be my Luna?" At this my mother starts laughing. 
###chapter 20: First Run
Loiza's POV:


Never had I imagined I would hold power like this! I am running at top speed and even Urayoán is having trouble keeping up. Yet little by little the Pack is getting better footing are gaining speed. The first run after an Alpha takes leadership in our clan will determine the course of that Alpha's rule, so I decided to run North as fast as I can, besides I could feel Kayden's arousal through the Bond and it was making me horny too! I had to move out of there fast. But to choose North instead of South, towards Karaya, had a strong meaning to Avalon... 

'To find Avalon you must always follow The North Star.' I remember Grand Prime Priestess Moira say to me the day I left Avalon when I was 14. And every time I have returned that is what I did... run North and think of Avalon would open a portal to the boat dock. There was a pole with an ancient horn to call for the boat man to row you there, no one has the ability to open portals or teleport into Avalon. 

Ura caught up with me as well as General Braka, Bayoán, my sister Suania and the fastest Hunters of the pack, I pick up even more speed, I want to test how fast we can go and make a mental note of those who are lagging behind. Instead of telling them to take it easy and that their effort was enough I link encouragement to them... 'C'mon guys, we have lost to much in the last 24 hours! Let's show the dead that their deaths were worth something and that we WILL CLAIM KARAYA AGAIN!' I send some of my own will through the pack Bond and to my surprise they all pick up speed. After half an hour we reach the border of The Blood Moon pack and I stop and every wolf stops with me. I look back at them, I see defeat mixed with hope and determination. 

'Tomorrow night we will honor the dead OUR way!' I look at Bayo's grey wolf. 'Have you chosen the hunters?' He nods his head. 'Then go, we will honor them tomorrow night to the sound of the barriles, their souls will make the stars that gide us!' The packs starts howling again, and with that Bayo leaves with the hunters including Ura and Suania. 

'To the rest of you go rest, tomorrow will be long preparing for the ceremony, where is Master Jorel?' I see her brown wolf come forward and bow. 

'I am at your service Alpha.' Jorel is a Master Kappa artisan who specializes in wood work, her mate Otoao is also a Kappa and is the best grafiti artist on the island but he assists Jorel in her shop quite often. Kappa's are usually Blessed with great artistic talent, they usually boast the best art from architecture, painting, even acting, music and cooking! Because of this gift they are not the best warriors yet they are highly loved and protected by the pack. 

The military  protects our lives while the artists preserve our souls. I bow back at Jorel out of respect for her craft, she is a Master after all, Masters at a specific art take years to reach such recognition and title. 'Master Jorel I am grateful that you and Otoao survived, for that the pack will be always grateful to the Goddess. The pack requires your skill as well as your apprentices and colleagues to make 13 barriles for tomorrow's ceremony, the wood is waiting for your talent to turn them into masterpieces, I know you count with limited time, do you think it will be enough?' From the list I saw of survivors I saw that many artists made it out. She bows at me again, now with Otoao and other Kappas by her side...'It will be as you say My Lad--- sorry, Alpha!' Priestesses are refered to as "Ladies" since we basically are Ladies of the Goddess's court, those who assist Priestesses are also referred with this honorific title. Aryn and I can't help but chuckle! 'No need for apologies Master, I have only been Alpha for an hour, I am sure we will adapt quickly.' I can feel her relief. 'It will be done Alpha, I take my leave to gather the artisans and materials needed.' I remind her of the wooden chalice needed as well and everyone is gone but Yaya, Maco and Braka. We shift into human form and I take a deep breath. 

"How are you feeling?" Yaya asks right away. 

"I was unsure before the ceremony, now I am even more doubtful, how am I going to do this Yaya?" I am calm but now in my human form I feel the regular human insecurities start to creep in.

"You will do it as every Alpha before you has done it, with the help of your pack! We stand with you Alpha!" Braka says and takes one knee before me. I am overwhelmed by his words and I put my hand on his shoulder for him to stand. "I thank you for your vote of confidence General, and now that this matter is settled I am in the mood to interrogate a certain Elder and find out who is trying to fuck with my people!" The moment the Goddess made her presence known I received a whisper from the wind telling me we were on the right track of figuring what happened. The fire told me to investigate why this pack has no Priestess. The water told me to make sure to keep harmony in the pack and to look into why we have never been ruled by The Council. The earth held me to it reminding me it would never betray our people.

Braka stands and is smiling at my words. "I think that is an excellent idea Alpha, I will ask Alpha Kayden if we can make use of his dungeons, I am sure Elder Joel's tongue will be looser once he finds himself surrounded my gruesome devices that will awaken my imagination!" I can't help but laughed at that and Maco just chimes in that he would like to join us in case our imagination is not as good as his. 

"Ok, we'll head back, Maco go with the General to make this request in MY name and tell him that after tomorrow night's ceremony I will speak with him. IF he asks If that is a promise, you will tell him we are working everything out day by day, so no, there are no promises, only plans and that within my plans for tomorrow night is to speak with him. That is all, ok?" With what little I have been able to peak through the mate Bond towards Kayden, I have learned that SPECIFICS are required. And I absolutely understand, I like things to be straight up, but growing up a Priestess you kinda get used to the 'what ifs?' and the riddles, so it doesn't get to me as much. I feel Kayden is more rigid and needs a straight plan, while I mostly just wing it! That's why I give Maco a variety of answers because I already suspect he's going to ask a lot of questions. I dismiss Maco and Braka and stay behind with Yaya just walking back, just two naked idiots walking through the forest. 

I have so much of my pack on my mind but when I slept I dreamed of Kayden. I want this SOLVED so I can get to finally meet my mate! I can't stop thinking of his voice, his scent of fresh rain and pine, it brings a smile to my face walking these woods and smelling the pines around us and I'm blushing just because of that! And then to think of his body, I haven't seen his chest yet and yet what I was able to see was marvelous!

I notice Yaya studying me, I think I can absolutely get used to these new Alpha abilities so before she was able to judge my blush, which I already know she's thinking about..."Yaya I'm so glad you're not a traitor,  I must confess, for a moment there I was heartbroken when you didn't come to help me." HA! Judge THAT old woman!

She gives me a face of shock which only made me laugh more than I should have! Not only have I basically wiggled myself out of any type of crap she wants to give me I basically put her on the spot! She ends up blushing more than I do because I know that she knows what I was thinking about but it's the first time I catch her before she can catch me! She looks at me and shakes her head enjoys me laughing... "I'm glad you accepted to take this role, for a minute there I thought you wouldn't accept it." Now I'm back on the spot, damn she's good, I am  quiet and measure my words. 

"It's what the pack needed of me and the Pack comes FIRST!" Simple. 

"I know I have asked too much of you child, I am sorry that I did not have my intuition more in tune when my mark started itching, I made a stupid mistake and look at what that mistake has cost us. So if you have any thoughts of having failed the pack then start taking them away from your head! I know you too well Iza, you and I are the only ones who carry the burden Priestess of the Goddess for over 10,000 wolves. Nobody except you and I on that entire Island can understand what we go through. We WILL have to do go to Avalon tomorrow and meet with Moira!" I sigh, I knew it would come this.  Elder Joel is just the tip of the iceberg. 

"Should we go at first light to Mt. Cemí and track blood magic?" I knew that my girlish fantasies of actually wanting to just to lose myself in my mates eyes was in the best thought of my fantasies yet not in the best interest of the pack. And the pack goes first especially now that I am the Alpha.

"We are going to have to take some proof with us to Avalon if we want to show Foul Play." Foul play... who would dare mess with us? The Werewolf High Council has always hated that we do not follow their laws. We have never had the need for it. Our isolation and devotion to the Goddess has allowed us to live in the open. There are no humans in Karaya island unless they have a werewolf mate, which by the rules of the Goddess can't be broken. So because we live by the laws of the Goddess and not The Council, any beings of any species will automatically be a citizen of Karaya and protected under OUR laws if mated to one of our citizens. Hence why Morgana is protected under our laws and can not be touched by The Council, unless they want to wage out full out War... What would we wage out war with?! Our tech is destroyed!

I explain my theory to Yaya and her radiant cocoa skin turned as pale as me! "Shift Alpha! We have an Elder to interrogate!" She shifts into Asha a grey wolf with eyes of storm. I can sense her fear Aryn takes over and we look for hope that we are overthinking this. 
###chapter 21: Mother Dearest
Kayden's POV:


I was still confused at my mother's behavior and Marcus was worried that she had snapped. I demand both her and our father come with Marcus and me to my office. There is more to this. 

"Can either of you tell us what the hell is going on with mom right now?" I am angry, but I ask very calmly...they are my parents after all. 

I could clearly hear both of their heartbeats pick up and while my father looked calm his face was pale. My mother on the other hand was trembling like a leaf and was spouting  gibberish in a language I did not understand.

"WELL?!" I roared at my father not calm at all now. 

"Well son It's just tha--"

"The Goddess is PUNISHING us, and now it looks like she is going to punish you too for my sins!" She cuts my father off. 

"What are you talking about mother? What sins?" Marcus asks now looming above where our mother is sitting. 

"She will never let you have that girl, she has basically BLESSED her "coronation" as leader of The Osupa, she will never allow whom she has Blessed in such a way to be LESS than what she is! That stupid little Priestess will NEVER be a Luna now!" And she goes back to chanting her gibberish.

I can feel the rage raising in me, I slam both my hands to each side of my mother's chair, "That stupid little Priestess IS MY MATE! SO I SUGGEST..." I take a breath remembering this WAS my mother... "That you refer to her with more respect, do you understand me mother?" She looks at me as she has seen me for the first time with eyes full of terror. 

"Son, this is very complicated..." My father starts softly, I am glad that he has not forgotten he is no longer Alpha here.

"YEAH NO SHIT FATHER! She is out of her fucking mind! The Moon Goddess gave me a mate, what's this bullshit that I can't HAVE HER?!" Just to THINK that I could not have Loiza has just made me lose my shit. 

I see my father look at my mother with pitty... "Son, it's true. I don't know if the Goddess will keep you from your mate for she would be hurting Loiza as well, and from what I have seen she treasures the young Priestess. However, a long time ago your mother sinned greatly against the Goddess."

I calm down a bit at what my father said. If the Goddess denies me from Loiza she would cause her pain, too.

"Go on..." I tell him looking at the pitiful state of my mother and go lean on the desk while Marcus sat in a chair across from them. 

"Some time after the war, me and Alpha Marius's father where invited to Karaya island by Gúarionex, we did owe him a Blood Oath after all and breaking it would only enrage the Goddess. The Osupa never disclose the location of their secret Island because they already knew that The Council coveted their technology, just like basically every werewolf pack on the planet. And because of the oath we have taken, the information of the location of Karaya would remain a secret. I had already met your mother not long before that so I naturally brought my beloved mate with me. She was even more welcomed because she was a High Priestess of the Goddess and the Osupa are a very devout people. They treated us as family and members of the pack. It was like a honeymoon!" My father looks lovingly at my mother while she just looks sick. 

"It was a paradise! Not just because of how  beautiful everything is, an endless summer of enjoying the clear beaches, runs in the luscious rainforests in the mountains, exquisite scents everywhere... but the atmosphere, just remembering makes me  joyful. Samuel, Marius's father was even thinking of giving up being Alpha and staying! Yet there was one thing I did not know about my beautiful mate then..." He again looked at my mother and his gazed changed, he shut his eyes hard to try to change his gaze. In the end he stood and went over to the bar and poured three glasses of whisky and one of vodka. 

'Are you feeling as sick as me? I feel that they did something terrible.' I link Marcus and see he is deep in thought with a blank face. 'Do you think it might have to do with what happened yesterday morning at Karaya?' It was already pass midnight and I suddenly realize that it hasn't even been 24 hours since my father called the meeting to assist the Osupa. 'I hope not or else what mother said about me loosing my mate might be spot on!' I feel beads of sweat on my forehead at this. My father hands Marcus and me each a glass of whisky then gets the remaining glasses and goes to my mother and hands her the vodka, she takes it with still trembling hands. I put mine on my desk, I am in no mood for this. 

"Father stop with the bullshit and get to the point! What DID YOU DO?!" My patience has never been tested this much before! If they were anyone other than my own parents I would be having a SERIOUS Interrogation right now. Suddenly I get a link from Avis, can this day get any longer? 'WHAT?' I yell through the link. 

'Alpha sorry for any interruption, but the Osupa General has a request from their Alpha.' And just like that I feel Deacon start purring and I am calmer. I take the whisky and take a sip. 'What is her request?' Damn she's still working... 'She would like to use our dungeon to interrogate someone.' I smile thinking that I would like to do the same thing. 'You will accommodate her every request, got it?' 'Yes Alpha she also sent you a message with her brother...'a message? 'I will go down in a while, I am DEALING with something now.' She sent me a message! 'As you say Alpha.' And I am jealous that Avis is with my mate while I am here with the awful feeling I am going to get bad news. 

"Father? Go on with it!" 

"When I met your mother she was going through a rough patch with her pack and left because The Council was looking for Priestesses to join them to try to rekindle their connection to the Goddess. When your mother swore their Oath, the Goddess took away the gifts she bestowed upon her immediately." Both Marcus and I looked at her. 

"Gifts, Blessings, punishment? What's the damn difference? WHAT DID YOU DO MOTHER?!" I am trying to connect what any of this has ANYTHING to do with my mate!

My mother sips her vodka and I see she is calmer just staring at nothing with dead eyes... "Gifts are the talents you earn learning the Misteries... To be able to connect with the elements, also any special abilities she might want grant to you. With your mate it seems she has gifted her with speed, courage and self control, besides the regular control of the elements. When people refer to her Blessings it means how much she allows you to move forward in life...if she is sure of your loyalty she will bless you more..." Her voice starts breaking and my father sits closer to her taking her in his arms. Marcus and I look at each other still not understanding. 

"What about Punishment? What did father mean yesterday when he said the Goddess has 'punished you enough'?" Marcus asks making quotation marks... he noticed that too.

And at this my mother's tears start falling... "Kayden we can continue this tomorrow, your mother clearly is in n---" I cut my father before he has the chance to even try to get out of this. 

"We will not leave here until you tell us what you did, now cut the crap and get on with it, you will leave nothing out, DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR!" I make use of my Alpha voice and my mother dropped her glass and even my father started shaking. 

"A Punishment is when Avalon cuts ALL ties to you! The Mark that is there to help you with even warning you of danger is taken. You are not allowed into Avalon, or to touch or even look upon a Priestess. Even if you are dying they are forbidden to even try to save you. Basically the Goddess won't even look at you!" My mother explains through sobs. Motherfucker what the hell did she do?!

"Is that why you destroyed the altar to the Goddess at the entrance of the woods?" Marcus asks. I look at him shocked.

"What altar?" I ask him. 

He gives a small laugh... "Exactly! I hadn't noticed it either, I thought it was just an old tomb or something, remember how we used to count on it when we played hide and seek when we were kids? Well it turns out that while we had no idea what it was, The Osupa do! Captain Bayoán, YOUR mate's brother, was the one who told me what it was! And I have the feeling that every Osupa KNOWS about it already!" Oh. My. Goddess. No way!

"THAT'S SUPPOSED TO BE AN ALTAR?!" I put my head in my hands, did Loiza see it? What will she think of us? Has she indeed chosen to not be my Luna? I go to the bar to get another drink. 
###chapter 22: Crimes Against the Goddess
Kayden's POV:


"I WAS ANGRY! I AM NOT MADE OF STONE! YOU DON'T HAVE THE SLIGHTEST CLUE OF WHAT IT TAKES!" My mother lashed out at me. "You think that being an Alpha is hard? You just have to deal with MENIAL shit like protecting a pack?! Being a Priestess starts at a tender age and they hold NOTHING back! Have you ever been under the direct scrutiny of a fucking DEITY?! To give your WHOLE LIFE to make sure that even THE ALPHA is not offending her?" My father tries to wrap his arms around her but she pushes him away. "Tell me my dearest son, even with Marcus telling you for YEARS the importance of a mate... Did you even CARE that what you were doing with all those women would hurt your mate if and when you found her? Would you have listened to ME?" I stoped pouring that drink. I know the answer was no. Shit! 

"And NOW! Now the Goddess has SHOWN her will to the Osupa of whom SHE has determined should rule them. She is an ALPHA now, she ALREADY KNOWS that to abandon that post she is risking the wrath of the Goddess and the posible demise of her people? Do YOU think she will accept to be a Luna of even a top pack like this, to an Alpha who has had countless lovers and to deal with that type of childish drama, after being the hand picked Alpha by the Goddess herself to a mighty pack like The Osupa? When your father says Karaya is paradise not only is he not lying...he is underwhelming the truth! Do you even THINK The Osupa would dare let their new Alpha BLESSED by the Goddess herself go?" I literaly can't move and the bottle of whisky is clinking with the cup because of my shaking hands. 

Marcus gets up and takes the bottle from my hand and pours the liquid in my cup and pours more in his. He puts his hand on my shoulder and starts pushing me back to the desk. I really don't even know if I want to know any more of this information, but I know it's crucial if not I can literally not kiss my mate goodbye...

"What the fuck did you do Mom?" I am drained and I know that what will come won't be good. I want this day to be over. 

"The reason The Werewolf High Council wanted Priestesses was not to rekindle their connection to the Goddess... they needed our services because our status allowed us to come in and out of Avalon." She gulped hard. "But the moment that I swore their oath, Avalon already knew that I was already basically persona non grata in Avalon... The Oath of a Priestess of the Goddess always reaches the ears of Avalon." Another tear from her, I can't take anymore of her fucking tears. "I was basically useless to the High Council the moment I swore their Oath. I was one of the first, and they were starting to understand that swearing that oath would take away the main use we had, they changed it later...

However, I was already shunned by Avalon and was useless to The Council,  I knew I could never salvage Avalon, when you grow up there you KNOW what are the consequences of every single act you make. Swearing to The Council, I knew they would never accept me again. However I could still be useful to The Council... This is when we were invited to Karaya. Your father knew I was working for The Council when we met, he did not know that I was shunned by Avalon. I never even wanted to mention it out loud... When he was invited to Karaya I knew I had to seize that opportunity. I was a new Luna of a pack who thought I was a full-fledged Priestess of the Goddess, a High Priestess! I told Chairman Armand who was my superior at the time where I was going. No one knew the exact location of Karaya Island and The Council had spent over a century looking for it!" She's hysterical right now, I smack my head knowing what she did!

"YOU USED AN INVITATION SEALED BY A BLOOD OATH TO GIVE THEIR LOCATION TO THE COUNCIL! ARE YOU MAD MOTHER!" Marcus roared at our mother like she was indeed his next meal! I never really cared about any Blood Oath so far since I never had the need to get into one, but I KNEW we owed one to The Osupa and even I knew damn well not to break it. 

"I did it for the good of the pack." My mother said above a whisper. 

CRACK! And Marcus justs slaps her!

I have never seen Marcus this mad before! Not even when we were torturing a small pack of Rogues that were trying to take hold of the southside of our territory. 

"MARCUS!" My father and I say in unison.

"Don't you see?! She has FUCKING COURSED US ALL!" Marcus goes and sits in his chair and puts his head in his hands. 

My father goes to my now whaling mother and I am just THERE. I don't know what is real anymore... And father. 

"You KNEW? This whole time you knew?" I walk towards him like a predator. "When did you know?" I pick him up by the collar trying my best to remember he is my father. 

He smiled at me: "Now that YOU met your mate, an UNCLAIMED mate, would YOU reject her? I WAS mad at her for a while, but I forgave her! She is MY mate, I would NEVER betray her for any Council, any Goddess, any Oath, ANYTHING! Do you hear me BOY? Not even the Goddess herself can take my mate. My father left this pack in shambles! Because of your mother's work with The Council, it has restored us to at least the top three! Don't you like visiting often Marcus?"

Marcus raises his head from his hands, his curly golden hair like mine in shambles. But his hazel eyes turn black and I feel Wilk is in control, shit! I never have to worry about this with Marcus. 

I go to him to hold him: "Whoa brother! C'mon Marcus we are not doing THIS!" He keeps pushing himself towards father. "Marcus stand down!" I comand in my Alpha voice. I look into his eyes so he understands I am with HIM. His eyes go hazel again and he nods. 

"What that woman who calls herself our mother said maybe true... you may not get your mate." He says in a scary monotone voice. Is he insane? "Listen to me well brother, neither of us has EVER seen a manifestation of the Goddess until today, why is that?" Marcus is refering to mother as 'that woman' has he shunned her? Is he leaving?

"Marcus, brother, what are you talking about?" I am thinking it, I just can't belive it. My mouth is dry and I feel the blood leave my face!

"You are no fool Kayden, I often go with her to The Council under YOUR order to protect her, she still has very close ties to them." He then looked at her and shaked his head, smiling. "Damn Lydia, your good!" Wait Marcus HAS disowned himself from mom! "Is that why you were looking for that Prime Priestess? To be a Prime Priestess of the Goddess, all of those years of devotion and work to throw them to the sand for a moment of blood magic... How much did you offer her Lydia? How much did the council pay her? How many years have you been waiting for this to happen? To know that you are partially responsible for the death of thousands of people and have cursed us by betraying a Blood Oath?!"

I am stunned! I hear the old grandfather clock in the distance... it was pounding in my head! Loiza... My heart starts pounding in my chest.  What if she finds out? Does she know? SHIT! It's so quiet yet everything sounds so loud! We need to know what THEY know. And I am fucking afraid!

"I command BOTH of you to be confined to your room, you will hand in your phones and any device which may help you communicate with the outside world. Let's make it easier and I am commanding as well none of you are allowed to contact the outside world whatsoever. Hell, I command neither of you to be able to open your mouths until I command otherwise or write any information." I pinch the bridge of my nose. I want them out of my sight! "I command. Whichever interaction you will have, you will be measured with your words to make sure you do not show your treachery. I command you to not address Marcus and I as your sons, I command that you address us formally as Alpha and Beta of the Blood Moon pack." I thought I was going to cry. Maybe I even did, I don't even remember now, because while I am disowning them I remember my father helping me the first time I shift, my mother kissing a scrape on my knee... "I command you to not try to contact anyone from The Werewolf High Council, you will speak of this to no one. We will continue to speak of this tomorrow my brother and I are exhausted I do not want to continue to exert ourselves with you. You're both dismissed."

I feel like puking. I go to my chair at my desk and just flop on it. "Marcus you are absolutely right! If she finds out our family has anything to do with the destruction of her home and the possible annihilation of her people. I have a little feeling that she might not like me that much after that!" I start hyperventilating.

"You're right! About everything! I already told you that you were right about the mate Bond! You're absolutely right to be afraid of our family breaking a Blood Oath and cursing us! I'd never even considered a thing like that would happen in our family! What do you mean the Goddess could take my mate from me? Isn't it a done deal? She is mine and I am hers?" I go back to the bar, I need to be numb right now, how am I going to face tomorrow? My whole life has been a lie. To feel the way I feel already for my mate, and to know that she can be taken from me! The Goddess must know that it was not OUR fault... my mother's words come back to haunt me '... even with Marcus telling you for YEARS the importance of a mate...did you even CARE that what you were doing with all those women would hurt your mate if and when you found her? Would you have listened to ME?' 

"SHIIIITTT!" I roared. As I threw the glass at the wall. 

Marcus goes to the bar and takes the bottle from me. He gets another glass and pours himself and me a drink. 

"If she is indeed as beloved by the Goddess as to bless her "coronation" by actually manifesting herself, she could be very well be a Troyan's Horse of the Goddess. Once they have regrouped, the Goddess can very well sever the Bond and reward her with a second chance mate... remember what I told you of the chances of YOU getting one of those?" Cero to NONE! Is this MY punishment to the curse in all of this? To get to KNOW what it feels like to have a mate and lose her and NEVER get to feel that connection with anyone ever again? To know that SHE WILL be able to have THAT with someone ELSE forever. Would I even be able to forget what I feel NOW?

"Brother I don't want to think anymore, PLEASE, for me, I beg you to stay by my side. We will deal with Keaton and Lydia, but right now I need to know what they know. Ask the Warriors in the Dungeons to report on the line of questioning. I need to know what do the Osupa know. I am going to sleep or at least try too, ok?" The best day had ended in us finding out every skeleton in our family's closet and it was really dark.
###chapter 23: Slaves
Aymaco's POV: 


As Braka and I descend the stairs of the dungeons I am invaded by the stench of blood and death, but there is even a stronger scent! Mero is alert! 'MATE! Maco our mate is there!' The smell of lemons and jazmines! I walk quickly to every cell, and then I got to where the scent was coming... to my horror there is a dirty and bloody unconscious girl inside!

"HEY YOU! OPEN THIS CELL RIGHT NOW!" I yell at one of the guards.

"Pfft! No way man, she's Theo's property, I'm not getting into any crap with one of the Gammas." Property?

"I wouldn't worry about getting into crap with Theo when you are going to get into DEEP SHIT WITH ME! NOW OPEN THIS CELL OR I WILL OPEN YOUR SKULL!" Property, what the fuck is going on here? I can tell she is an Omega! How could they treat others like THIS?

"Look man you can shout all the bullshit threats you want, I follow the orders of MY superiors!" Just as my claws are extending to END this motherfucker my sister is looking at us. 

"ENOUGH!" Damn, Loiza's Alpha voice is stronger than Yadiel's, maybe even more so then Alpha Gúarionex. "What the hell is going on here?!"

"Izzy! My mate! I found her! She's in this cell!" She pushes the guard to look in the cell..."What crime did this woman commit to be locked and in THIS condition?" Loiza asked calmly. 

"Crime? No, Theo bought her from Marius. He just hasn't broken her in yet." What the actual fuck was this. Like if reading my mind. 

"WHAT?!" Both my sister and Braka yell. I see Yaya poke at Braka and hear him explain what's going on. 

"Are you telling me that you buy and sell WOLVES, members of your packs like SLAVES?! Is THAT what your saying?" Loiza's eyes are gold and I kneel down trying to reach my mate, to touch her! The bars are made of silver, I am literally burning myself to get to her!

"I command you to open this cell at once!" Loiza is on kill mode and I am definitely not going to stop her I have been looking so long for my mate! I am 27, I have been longing this day since before I was 18! 

"But Theo will kill me!" The guard is really conflicted now.

"What is your name soldier?" Loiza asks plainly. 

"It's Kevin." She gives him a smile.

"Kevin, you can worry about Theo killing you latter or ME killing you NOW. When I count down to ONE that cell better be open... 5, 4, 3" Izzy didn't have to get to 2. Kevin had quickly assessed the situation he was in.

"Bother, take her to Daniella." I obey at once, I pick up my mate gently and walk out with her. I can't look at her, I feel heartbroken! My mate was bought and sold as if she was a piece of property. I walk over to the tent OUR pack was using as a medical facility. I was able to find Estefanía, Daniella's apprentice and a gifted healer. 

"By The Goddess! What happened to her?!" She instructs me to place her in a gurney and takes scissors to cut off her clothes.

"She was in the dungeons." I give her an account of what happened and that this is my mate. She listens to everything with out stopping or breaking eye contact with her task, until I mention that she was sold.

"WHAT? SOLD!" And she covers her mouth remembering her care for her patient. 

"She is an Omega, Maco! Why would they sell their most valuable members?" When I was still traveling gathering information, I saw how many packs treated their Omegas like trash. And always the answer to my question of "Why?" It was met with "Because they are weak." And every time I would try to explain that Chis, Psis and Omegas were weaker was because they are not meant to be Warriors. 

Their energy and main gift lies with healing. They make up most doctors, healers, psychotherapists, aura readers, Chakra alignments, chiropractors, physical therapists, every single thing a pack needs to be HEALTHY is carried mainly on the backs of Chis, Psis and Omegas. Daniella was an Omega and Estefanía was a Chi. Suddenly I hear sound outside the tent, I don't want to leave my mate but she is in good hands. "I leave her to your care, I'll check what's going on." She smiles at me... "I won't let anything happen Maco, and congratulations for what it's worth." She is cutting her shirt now and I see scars... Estefanía covers them up and looks at me, "I thought you said you were leaving? Maco do your duty, let me do mine." I take a deep breath and go outside... WHAT THE HELL?!

I could not believe my eyes! Braka, Yaya and Izzy were all carrying someone in ghastly condition and putting them in front of the tent!

"General call some guards, we need help getting the rest!" She sits on the ground and looks up at me. "They basically have a fucking meat market down there! Most people are slaves and THIS one..."She points at the girl with matted pale white hair and skin, Loiza wipes the girls forehead to show a pale blue diamond birth mark. "...is a UNICORN! Do they have ANY IDEA the consequences of this?!" I have never seen a unicorn, but Izzy and Yaya have! "Maco I KNOW you are in pain and full of rage, but I need you, can you keep your shit together right now?" She had just dismissed the pack so they could rest, and I know that even with Yaya's boost and the power of an Alpha Izzy must be spent. 

"I am in control Alpha, what do you need of me?" If Iza is going on I am not leaving her on her own. She smiles at me and gives me a serious look... "Wake the Alpha and Beta, if I wanted answers from Elder Joel 20 minutes ago, I NEED answers to THIS NOW! I have severed Joel's link to the pack and he isn't going anywhere" She looks at Braka: "General I want Elder Joel in a cell chained and guarded by our own men, wake Jorge and Susana, they are the best. I don't want the fucker taking his life before I get EVERY bit of information I intend to squeeze from him, so warn them to even put a tongue guard, I won't risk him bitting his own tongue off!" And like that I can barely recognize my own little sister... if she is exhausted, she is not showing it, she is angry, she's in full control of her emotions. Braka can't stop smiling, she WAS the right choice and Braka saw it on the plane. 

"At once Alpha!" I run to the pack house and run up the stairs and bang on Alpha Kayden's  door. Nothing... I start banging again. 

"WHAT THE FUCK?!" Good he's up.

"My sister requests you and your brother right now." I tell him calmly even though my blood is boiling. He suddenly looks very pale with wide eyes. Does he know?

"Let me link Marcus and put something on, I'll be right out." A few moments later Marcus's door is open and he comes out and Kayden comes out too. They are both wearing jeans and a t-shirt, and both look nervous. 

"What's this about?" Kayden asks. I just stare at him trying to see if he is capable of something like THIS. I just give him a glare. 

"You will see... and I hope for my sister's sake you are unaware of this, follow me."
###chapter 24: Cursed?
Kayden's POV:


'Holy shit! Did they find out already?!' I link Marcus. 

He looks miserable...'If they did, you loosing your mate might be the smallest of our problems, remember what I told you about their numbers?' Shit, they can wipe out the whole pack if they wanted and it would be totally justified. I rub my eyes trying to get all the sleep out, would Loiza command the massacre of my pack for revenge?

As we follow Aymaco, we are approaching their medical tent...once they got it up and running they didn't go near our medical ward, and now that I know what the stone close to the entrance of the medical ward is I can understand why. I feel like I'm going to puke. Then the smell hits me! Blood, decay, pineapples and vanilla... I can see a spread of people on the lawn. The Osupa medical team is assisting those awake, while Warriors put some on gurneys and more medical personnel start cutting their rags off.

"What's going on here?!" I see Loiza come out from the tent, wiping blood off her hands. She looks at her hands while wiping them. She looks exhausted. 

"That's exactly why I summoned you here." She keeps wiping her hands getting in her finger nails. 

"What are you talking about? Why are these prisoners outside of their cages?" I am using as soft a voice I can. She looks at the other Priestess...Yaya?

"Yaya?" She asks...Ok, mental note. 

"He is indeed confused Alpha." Yaya responds, how many Truth Seers do they have?

"Alpha are you telling me that you had no knowledge that members of YOUR pack, a pack that lives by YOUR example and YOUR values, have what can basically be called a  slave trafficking scheme?" She is looking directly at me full of contempt still wiping her hands, as if they would never be clean again. I look at the people on the lawn and then at Marcus, he just blinks at me with his mouth open, it looked like his jaw was going to hit the floor.

I put my hands out in surrender "Alpha Loiza, I don't claim to be an Alpha that has everything working to perfection here, but I swear by the Goddess I haven't a clue about any of this!" I look at Kevin one of the guards of the dungeons. "What the fuck have you idiots done?!"

Yaya waves me off... "Neither of these idiots know what is going on..." She scoffs at us looking at us with even bigger contempt than Loiza she almost looks disgusted, she returns into the tent. 

"Come here, both of you." Loiza hooks her finger at us, signaling to follow her into the tent with a VERY scary calm voice. I look at Marcus and we both gulp at the same time. Have I really been such a terrible Alpha that I have no clue some of my own people are capable of this? We both follow Loiza with our heads hung like two boys about to get whooped by their parent. When we walk in I understand why so many are outside, many of THEIR own people are still healing from yesterday and now they are treating those they found in the dungeons.

"KEVIN! Get everyone from the medical ward up and in here, NOW!" I yell at the young guard that I will probably have to sentence to death soon.

"You will do no such thing soldier! I will not have a medical staff who look upon a broken altar every day touching MY people. You WILL however bring EVERY SINGLE WOLF who partakes or has partook in this activity at ONCE..." She walks to him and grabs his jaw in her hand, and from the look on Kevin's face it looks like he is in a LOT of pain. She KNOWS about the altar, DAMN IT! "IF you decide to be a 'nice bro' and warn ANY of them of what is happening here, I recommend that you run very far, very fast, but NEVER think you will be able to escape my wrath... do I make myself clear?" I can see her eyes are molten gold and I can hear Kevin's jaw give a small cracking sound. And he looks at me for help. 

"DON'T LOOK AT HIM! DID I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR?!" Kevin nods and I can see tears fall from the corners of his eyes. Another CRACK! And suddenly I see Kevin has pissed himself. "Yes Alpha, at once!" Kevin says with a muffled words.

"Good. Now go..." She says just above a whisper. She used her Alpha voice to command Kevin to break eye contact with ME! She's not even his Alpha! She turns to face Marcus and me now, her eyes still gold, she walks pass us to show us an unconscious woman who I can't even describe because she is so filthy, her hair is so matted, I  couldn't recognize her if I knew her. 

"Do you see this woman?" Marcus and I look at each other. 

"I'm pretty sure that either of you is smart enough to answer a simple yes or no, do you see this woman?" She asks her voice more impatient than the last time. I don't dare test her patience, we are not looking good right now and this is not the worst part of what I have discovered of my pack today. 

"I do My Lady." I say immediately, calling her not necessarily by her Priestess title, that is a simple reminder that she was MY lady. She smiled. Then looks at the woman with warmth, her eyes now her normal amber. She strokes the woman's cheek with love. 

"She is my brother's mate." SON OF A BITCH! I look at Marcus, he clearly can't take anymore bad news today and decides to sit on the ground and puts his arms on his knees burrowing his head between his arms. 

"My Lady I have no words to express how sorry I am...I-" She cuts me of right there. "No, I did not expect that you would have. There are no words invented in any vocabulary that can express what THIS is. She is an Omega you know..." Huh, what does her being an Omega matter?

"Tell me Alpha, have you ever studied our ancestral animal?" And Marcus starts laughing his head still between his legs, damn he KNOWS I never paid attention to Primal Wolf Studies, that was an elective class people take to ditch and make out... I'm screwed!

"Well, it seems your Beta can help... tell me Beta Black why is the Alpha the LAST when all wolves from a pack are on the move?" She doesn't even look at us.

"Because he's making sure that every wolf is accounted for, so he stays behind the old, the sick and the pups so that the entire pack will keep pace with those who are weakest." He says bitterly. 

"I suspect you were very good student when you were in school Beta." She says looking at him. Marcus just sighs. "Do you know WHY Omegas are the weakest physically of the pack?" She asks.

To this even Marcus had no idea, he looked at her shaking his head slowly. "Have you ever noticed who are the ones who usually take the vocation of medic, healers or doctors for the pack? Who are the most gifted healing people that other people cannot heal? Chis, Psis and Omegas are blessed with the element of Water by the Goddess. 

Each and every member of a pack is a piece of the puzzle which makes the puzzle whole. The energy of healers does not lie within their physical strength, that is why they do not make the best warriors. However if you nurture what they're actually strong at they help The Pack be complete, hence why they are so valuable! The element that rules the Alphas, the Betas, the Gammas, the Deltas, basically the best warriors is fire. Its energy is ruthless and unyielding which are the qualities that a Warrior and leader needs, however we are pack creatures a few does not make us whole, every link in the chain has value. 

The Kappas are blessed with wind, they're valuable to us because they are artisans, do you think we survive with warfare alone? Even the strongest Alpha enjoys a good movie, a good meal prepared by someone who is skilled at it. The strongest Warriors enjoy music. So even though the Kappas are also not the best Warriors even though they are not the worst either, the strongest don't mind protecting them because they give us so much more in return from just mere protection. They are the ones who remind us why we fight so hard... I've been a spy for many years and I have traveled a great deal, I have been a Goodwill Ambassador from the Goddess to many packs, but the lack of harmony that exists within this pack is among the worst I have ever seen.

"I suggest you get off the floor though, I still have much more to show you. Come, both of you." What have these idiots done? Fuck, I have no idea of ANYTHING she just said. 'Brother have you ever read of anything that she just said?' 

'Never, and am including the library at The High Council, yesterday her people started chanting the word Cacique' He says.

'Yeah what was that?' Of course Marcus wouldn't let something small like that go.

'It's Taíno for 'Chief' or 'King'. I asked around and The Osupa don't stray away from their OLD ways and traditions, they only really use the Greek coding for daily life, but they REALLY see her as a QUEEN, I was even verifying on the whole Elders situation they have, and I heard that they can trace her lineage to the old Caciques before the Spaniards came. When they were worshiped as gods. So I'm guessing that the use of Greek is something that they have perfected as a way of uniting every member of the pack, by codifying the strengths rather than the weakness of a member they value ever single link. Making them as united as we have seen them.'

We walk towards some air tubs full of water were Yaya is tending two patients. They are in murky mint water like the one Loiza was in while she was healing. Both girls have white hair and very pale skin, yet their eyelashes are black, their eyebrows ash. They aren't albinos. Marcus comes up behind me to see in the tub and he gasps, I look at him questioningly.

"ARE THOSE? ARE THEY REALLY...?" And Loiza goes to one and motions Marcus to go with her. She kneels and clears one of the girls hair from her forehead. Marcus kneels next to her looking at the girl's forehead. Marcus starts crying and now I REALLY feel fear, I go to my bother...

"They DID FUCKING CURSE US!" He shouts. 

Loiza and Yaya look at each other, shit he's going to blow everything to hell! 

"My lady, I won't lie, my brother has always been better at me in scholastic matters. I beg you forgive my ignorance." And I kneel at her side opposite Marcus. Yaya scoffs at me again, she is totally going to talk shit about me to my mate behind my back if I actually get out of this!

"What are they?" I ask just above a whisper. She looks at me like she can't believe it. "You better believe it Izzy, he has no clue!" Yaya comes over and pours a pale pink liquid into the mouth of one of them.

"FOR GODDESS SAKE KAYDEN! THEIR FUCKING UNICORNS! WE, OUR PACK, HAD UNICORNS IN OUR DUNGEONS!" My jaw drops. We ARE cursed! He stands up. And he looks at Loiza... "Alpha Loiza, I will make sure that the criminals are brought to justice with your leave." I look at him, but his eyes don't break away from Loiza. 

"Go Beta, I suggest you take your Alpha with you and explain why Lady Yaya and I will have to contact Avalon at once. I would advise you figure out if these are the first unicorns imprisoned in this territory and explain to your Alpha the consequences of the death of any of these creatures under YOUR custody and that even when an Alpha is ignorant of something happening in their pack is THEY who carry the weight of such consequences. That is why not everyone can be an Alpha. She stands up and I can feel her looking at me for a moment, I can feel her disappointment through the Bond and she walks away. I get up and follow Marcus out the tent and look the scene before me. I go to the nearest bush and finally puke. 
###chapter 25: The Lone Wolf 
Urayoán's POV: 


We hunted as much as we needed, once Bayo took us where there was game the hunt was done in little over an hour. I start walking back with the rest of the hunters, Suania decided she deserved a piggie back ride on Bayo, and he is not one to deny anything to our sisters... We maybe with the exception of Nina. Suania always gets her way. I look at them and roll my eyes. "You KNOW she's going to ask you right?" I just state to him. He lifts Nia so that she can get a better grip.

"No idea wh---" Even before he starts... "Bayo you are the ONLY one she will ask, are you going to make even THAT difficult for her?" He sighs.

"What are you two yapping about?" Suania is only one year younger than Loiza, but she lived her life like an average werewolf girl. Yeah, she trained and went through the same as any girl growing up in Karaya, however she didn't have to go through the grueling training of a Priestess. When Loiza came back she wasn't like any little 14 year girl, I had just turned 17. She spent the first few weeks in silence watching our routines, Yaya had warned us that would be normal, her WHOLE life has changed and she was studying us to learn our social cues. 

I would spend a lot of time alone, I never cared much for being around people, or even talking. 

And she noticed, I guess since she was alone and I was usually alone, she figured we could be alone together. She followed me one day I went to hunt. I only noticed her when the pigeon I had on my sights went down with her arrow! I was very impressed, not only had that little brat sneaked up on me, she claimed my prey! I wasn't really ever alone after that day. When we would have missions outside of Karaya, Director Gloria would almost always pair us up. We could read each other and even have an alternate language only we know. Now that she is Alpha I know that we won't have those moments as before...

"Loiza needs a Beta and Bayo is going to have to step up, he was supposed to anyway!" I answer her plainly. 

"Really? Bayo, you're going to be the new Beta?" He just kept quiet. 

I stop... "Bayoán!" And he stops and drops Suania. 

"Nia, go with the others." Bayoán orders her. 

"You got to be fucking kidding me? I'm not a kid!" She says with her hands on her hips. 

"Yeah you are, now GO!" Bayo roared at her. She jumped and ran back to the others. "Ura, there are other Betas... hell Víctor is in Uruguay right now!" Was his answer. I wanted to punch him in the face!

"You KNOW what she thinks of Víctor!" I cross my arms on my chest.

"Yeah, the guy is an asshole, but he is one of the best warriors and strategists of Karaya and I think would be a better Beta for Loiza." He just doesn't get her at ALL.

"Listen to me brother, Loiza is talented and Blessed, she is powerful and smart, I know she will make the Caciques of old proud. But she is not a regular Alpha, she is a Priestess first. She wasn't raised to go through the whole political hurdles that you KNOW she is going to face. Do you really think Victor is going to help Loiza navigate that or make it harder? Especially with their history!" He knows I am right. "You KNOW that the moment the Goddess made herself known this little ceremony to make her a temporary Alpha had turned into a full on coronation. The Pack and the Goddess have claimed her as CACIQUE, not just an Alpha!"


B: "She hasn't asked me." 

U: "You know she will."

B: "There's also Felip..."

U: "Too old!"

B: "Moraima?"

U: "Among the missing, plus she developed that weird phobia on her last mission."

B: "That's right... she's among the missing? Shit!"

U: "Let me just put it this way Bayo... if Loiza asks and you deny her, I will see to it that your kid grows up thinking your a raisin in a wheelchair."

B: "Are you... threatening me?" The idiot asks with raised eyebrows, a wicked smile and outraged voice. 

U: "I love it when we understand each other quickly brother." And with that I shift and run back to the western border, this is a nice spot, it's quiet. The full moon is just a few days away. I lay down my head to my paws, I hope Izzy has enough support from the Goddess to get us back home again. 

I see some wolves on patrol start running towards the nearby lake, I just raised my head to look at the commotion. I lie my head down again and the scent hits me strawberries and eucalyptus! I jump up... Dyus is now VERY alert. 'MATE Ura, finally!' I run towards the scent and see two guards cornering a growling ash colored she wolf. I run in front of her and growl at the guards. I decide to shift, idiots: "Stan down, I am you're Luna's brother and this is my mate, I am not allowing you to to harm her." One of them shift...He is a big fella, not as tall as me, but bigger. "Sorry friend I can't allow that." 

"Ok... well I guess that settles that!" I simply say.

"What do you mean?" The guard is a little unsure now and I wink back at my mate's wolf, and she just blinks. Her wolf is so cute!

"Well I already told you that she is my mate and you intend to harm her. So as her mate I am just going to have to kill you both...see how simple you made it for me?" And I shift back. The other wolves looked at each other. The one in human form tells me that they will escort us to discuss this matter with the Alpha. I shift back. "Thank you then, escort away!" 

"She has to be in human form." No problem "Fair enough." I look at her waiting. Oh, now I know. "Do any of you have clothes to spare?" He hands me a huge shirt and I hold it up to her. Waiting to see her in anticipation and I see a gorgeous Amazon with long ash blonde hair, it's such a unique color for 'blond' it looks like a tone of beige with white and gold here and there and piercing pale gray eyes. I am taken aback... her soft looking small lips beckoning me the kiss her. I start breathing heavy and I hear her heart pounding, I feel her relief and excitement through the Bond. I drop the shirt, take her face in both my hands and kiss her deeply, I kiss both her cheeks and she gives a little giggle that just makes me kiss her lips again.

"Ahem!" I imagine this must be awkward for the guards, but I really could care less. I peck her lips and look at the beauty of her face. She stares back with a shy smile in her face, I peck her lips again and pick up the shirt from the ground. 

"Lift your arms gorgeous." She obeys and I slip the shirt over her, while I am slipping it down I grab her hips towards me and go to her ear with a whisper: "My name is Urayoán, what is yours mate?" And I lie my head on her crook of her neck inhaling her scent. "I am Freya... Urayoán." I love the sound of my name in her voice. "Well Freya, you are mine now beautiful, anyone who offends you offends me." I say it louder so the guards understand not to fuck with her. 

"Come now Freya, we don't want to disturb these two fine guards any longer." She gives a glare at them. I take her hand and take it to my lips, I can already smell her arousal. Fuck, I am already hard. Fucking guards! "Let's get some privacy, I really want to get to know you more beautiful." I whisper in her ear and she shivers at my words. She closes her eyes and nods. 

"Let's go." I tell the guards. 

We get to the pack house I ditch the guards and bring Freya up to the room I am supposed to be sharing with Maco but he isn't here. I search through the link to see where he is and it seems they are going to the dungeons. So I lock the door and focus on my prey again and smile at her. 

"Do you live here?" My mate asks with a shy voice. 

"Not really, I recently became homeless." She looks at me with an O plastered on her mouth. 

"Don't worry we intend to take it back." I smirk at her, I want to do so many things to her. I want to forget that yesterday happened. I WANT HER. I go to her and take her in my arms and kiss her again and she is kissing me back. I am on cloud nine. 
###chapter 26: Alone No More 🌶🌶🌶
Freya's POV:


This is truly a miracle! I have been trying to escape Marius for days now. I only found my chance when that asshole tried to rape me, said he wated 'to taste the goods' before he sent me to a buyer that had already bought me! I wasn't alone, there were plenty of men, women and children of diffrent species. Sadly I could only save myself and yet some sickos of Blood Moon found me. I am sure Marius tipped them off. 

And out of nowhere I find my mate! And holy hell he's hot! His skin is the color of copper, long smooth, shiny black hair to his shoulders and black eyes. He looks Native American. And his body! I got to take a long look at his ass, his muscular back and his cute deep dimples where both meet. His chest and abs look they get daily maintenance, I am so aroused, he must be going crazy. He breaks the kiss and looks at me again like if I were to disappear. 

"Beautiful I was out hunting before this... and more, I'll explain latter. I'm going to get a few things from my sister's room for you, I'll be right back!" He tells me holding one finger to my nose. Thank you Goddess! You didn't fail me!

"You want to shower?" I ask with this stupid shy voice, I sound like an idiot, he must think his mate is an idiot! 'Get it together Frey, our mate REALLY wants us! But his wolf Dyus says they have gone through a lot, he is so loving I want his Mark now!' Damn, even Willow likes him, and she hates everyone. 

"That's a sudden invitation but I accept!" He kisses my forehead and walks out. Wait what? What a cheeky bastard! Now I REALLY like him! I am left standing there with a smiling, blushing, open mouthed shocked face. 

He walks back in carrying the things he said he would get. 

"You are a menace! You KNOW damn well I didn't invite you to take a shower!" And he puts the things on a small couch while smiling from ear to ear. 

"I know beautiful..." And he comes over and wraps his arms around me. "But you need a shower too Miss Smelly, I just took my shot!" He winks at me like back when I was in Willow. "So are you retracting your invitation?" And he pecks my lips, showing that there wouldn't be hard feelings or anger if I say yes or no. Damn he has my mind like a pretzel! The one thing I DO know is that I already love him. I super blush at the realization. He starts laughing! It sounds intoxicating. 

"Sorry sweetheart, I don't mean to make you uncomfortable." And he moves a strand of my hair from my face. And I start laughing with him. What has this man DONE to me?! I feel like a giddy school girl... and I don't do giddy, even when I WAS a school girl. 

"No!" Oh my Goddess! I don't even know what I answered, my mind is mush right now!

"So no to showering or no to retracting your invitation?" Ok, I am DONE with his antics! I wrap my arms around his neck and kiss him. 

"Get your hot ass in that shower with me! I can already tell I am going to have my hands full with you!" He kisses me again and bites my bottom lip. He picks me up and I wrap my legs around his waist and he pushes me against the wall inside the bathroom. He grinds his cock to my very exposed pussy, a moan leaves my lips and I feel his smile in the kiss. I feel more and more of his emotions, can he feel mine like that?

Urayoán puts me down and raises my arms and like before I obey, only this time he  squats on the floor and touches my feet with his hands and brings them up all the way of the sides of my entire body sending a massive wave a electric desire. He reaches my hips and squeezes them with the sides of my ass and takes a deep whiff of my arousal, damn! 

He continues his way up and lifts my shirt caressing the sides of my breasts with his thumbs until the shirt is off. I take a deep breath, shit that was intense! He gently rakes my face with his fingers. 

"You are so beautiful." He says with a soft voice and his intense dark stare. My knees bucle and he catches me and lands another kiss and picks me up again and takes us to the shower. He turns on the water and it's cold as fuck! 

"AHHHH!" We both shout and he puts me down and changes the water temperature. 

"Well that's one way to ruin the mood!" He says, and we both laugh. 

I am starting to feel more comfortable with him and I reach up to grab his hair and bring him down to my level, he's a tall guy, but I'm 5'10" so it's not like I am about to make him slip. "Who said the mood is ruined? You are mine that's all the mood I need." And I kiss him again and reach for his shaft, the water is perfect now I take some soap and lather my hand and I start stroking him and let go of his hair and he holds on to ANYTHING he can and his eyes roll up and his head is back and he rewards me with a soft growl that just makes me want him MORE! 

"Baby I am going to love you FOREVER! And his black eyes turn gold. And he comes with a loud roar. He turns me around and he enters me gently while playing with my clit. I can feel through the Bond he wants to satisfy my URGENT need, but he's probing me with his huge cock to see if I am a virgin as to not hurt me. Ok, I am officially in love with him!

"Ura just TAKE ME! I am not a virgin, give me what I need PLEASE!" And he thrusts in HARD and doesn't stop! I must have come like three times, I don't know anymore, my mind is mush again. Only when I am screaming in ecstacy a fourth time does he come filling me with his seed growling hard. He hugs my waist while resting his head on my shoulder. We are both trying to catch our breath. I feel his arms letting go of my waist making me whimper involuntarily. He lets out a chuckle. 

"Let's get you clean beautiful, don't even think I am done with you." I bite my bottom lip and look into his pools of black ink eyes and I am wet again. 

"Baby I know I'm irresistible but you're going to have to learn to control your urges!" He says smiling while pouring shampoo on his hand and twirling his finger indicating me to turn around again. "MY urges?! You are aweful!" And again I am obeying him without question! I would have never imagined this mate Bond thing was so strong, I TRUST him fully. And he starts washing my hair, massaging my scalp, this feels wonderful. "So I'm aweful?" I can hear his smile and I can't stop smiling myself. I take over my hair and he starts with his. "Absolutely terrible!" I tell him smiling. 

"Well you are wonderful, and you're stuck with me... I guess that sucks for you! He he!" I start laughing and punch his arm. "Do you have a comeback for everything?!" I ask the god before me. 

"Baby I have 5 siblings, if you don't have good fast comebacks for their crap they won't let it go for the rest of your life! Even my favorite and best friend Izzy can be a ruthless cunt in the teasing till you blow department." Woah, I am an only child. A cast out only child. 

I rinse my hair and take the soap. "It sounds scary but fun... I wouldn't know, there's just me." I scrub off the grime of the past few days. He stops me while rinsing his own hair, damn he is FINE! "That's not true, not anymore, you are my mate, you are my family so get ready for scary but fun, because your stuck with them too!" I get a mate and a family! I can already feel how THEY love their brother's mate through the bond, they see her as THEIR sister as well! I feel so much harmony. It takes my breath away!

"You're not Blood Moon? You said that you're brother to the Luna yet I don't feel a Luna in your generational bloodline..." He stares at me. "You ACTUALLY understand how our mate Bond works! You can already see through the blood? We are not even Marked"
###chapter 27: A New Member of The Osupa 🌶🌶🌶
Freya POV:


He gets two towels wrapping me in one he keeps giving me little looks his brows  knitted together deep in thought. I can already feel that he has blocked me a little through the mate Bond. Did I do something wrong?

"Ura I don't like what you're doing. I was able to reach you easier, why are you blocking me out?" I even feel like I want to cry.

"No My Love, look I'm stopping, ok? I don't ever want to have you out! It's just my pack does things very differently with regards to the mate Bond. And every time somebody from the outside meets somebody from my pack..." "... they can't handle it?" I answer. 

"Baby what day were you born? How old are you?" He asks holding me sending waves of happiness like he's trying to compensate for the few minutes I felt of sadness.

"January 29, 1998, why?" I giggle. What's up with this?

"Morning or night?" He keeps asking. 

"12:35 on the mark my mother would tell me." He turns me around and grabs my face and with the biggest grin he kisses me again. He takes his hands away and throws my towel to the floor and pushes me to the bed, oh yes, I am definitely down for this.


Urayoán POV:


I guess fucking those women on missions didn't affect my standing with the Goddess! She didn't just give me my Soulmate she gave me a Twin Soul! When I finally claim her she will figure it out! We were born on the same day at the same time! No wonder she already knows the Bond just as much as an actual Osupa! I push her on the bed and spread her open like a butterfly... she is so wet and the smell of strawberries and eucalyptus fills my nostrils again.

I lick my lips getting ready to taste her directly from the source! I take one finger to her and watch the beautiful dance her body makes just by my touch. I take the finger to my mouth it's nothing but the sweet taste of her. She whimpers at me taking my finger away, I smile at her beautiful self with the finger still in my mouth. 

"Freya my love I AM going to take you and Mark you tonight, but again you HAVE to control yourself! you would have made an awful spy!" I put two fingers in before she can protest and her sweet moans fill the room. I rake my eyes down her body looking at her withering form and I stroke myself with the other hand to make sure that I am as hard as possible for her, and I'm solid. 

"I am no spy motherfucker! Get IN ME NOW!" Ain't I the lucky boy?

"Shush, it will always be as you say my love but I have a duty to you!" And just when I feel frustration enter her thoughts I start to eat her up. I feel her frustration diminish, I move my fingers faster and feel her walls contracting. The frustration is gone and she comes strong, and while she's taking the first breath of trying to gather her thoughts...

"I'm sorry about this baby, but I have already sworn to you that it will always be as you say!" And I ram into her hard! "Oh my Goddess Ura!" Oh, I know!

I keep thrusting in her and feel her walls again with my cock! Damn, no wonder wars have started because of this! I know already that I would kill and die for her. She comes hard again, FUUUCK! I move her hair out of the way and extend my canines, Dyus takes over and my eyes are gold and just as I cum I bite down on the base of neck and everything goes so bright suddently. I had never come that much and so hard before! 

"Urayoán I love you, swear you will never leave me!" She cries.

"I can't swear that baby it's a futile question, you'll know why in hopefully more than a minute." And I turn us around puting her on top. "Once a female claims the male there usually is about ten to twenty seconds that neither of them can block from the other. Usually people don't care for it... well they had the best fuck of their lives to that point. We are Twin Souls, we will never be able to close it unless we get the Blessing of a Priestess and the Goddess allows it. You will always know everything about me and I will always know everything of you. That is cero privacy love... I am sorry now I didn't mention it before we started..." "... now you realized that even the bad thoughts we have sometimes will be exposed to the other?" She finishes and I look down. 

"Yeah basically, that was kinda selfish... we where born at the same time, same day"  Damn! I should have thought this through!

"Will you fucking suck it up already! And we are going to die the same day at the same time! This Bond is rare and I am up for the ride as long as it's with you! So you fuck me hard so that I can claim you weirdo!" Fuck yeah! I am already hard for her.

I lie my hands behind my head... "Do you like what you see?" After a few minutes my thoughts won't be mine alone, Freya and I won't share a mate link because there will be nothing stoping our thoughts from reaching the other... will we even need to TALK after this?

"I guess you are going to know the answer of any question you might have about me at your disposal at any time!" She impales herself on me and my shaft is once again  surrounded by her electricity making me growl and push my hips towards her. She keeps pushing herself on me. I can't stop looking at her bouncing breasts. I stop pushing myself in her and sit so she can  maneuver herself, I take her breasts in my hands and rub her hard nipples with my thumbs...she gives a little whimper. Fuck she's beautiful. I take one nipple and round with my tongue, and I get another adorable whimper. I take it all in my mouth and her sweet moans are intoxicating. So what if she knows everything about me?! I rather have that, than not have her! I suckle her other nipple and keep stroking the other with my thumb I feel her wall contracting and determination to claim me. I look at her eyes now shining turquoise, and that's the last confirmation I need that she is indeed my Twin Soul, Willow's eyes are black but now they are shining turquoise, the color Avalon has assigned for Mate and I gulp she will know in a second, but the Goddess is inside Willow! She comes down and claims the spot above the clavicle bone. That's the first bone I ever broke and time stops.

--------

I open my eyes and I am at Caney Beach! 

'It's gorgeous! So this is where you learned how to surf?'

'Freya you are here!' 

'I'm guessing that's the point!' And she starts laughing.

'I guess you're right my love, this is what we signed on for...' 

'How are we going to get this back? I don't see Izzy having an Endgame yet.' She says.

'I know' And I hold her. 'I want to teach our pups how to surf here, AND yes you too, although I think you just have to tap in my own knowledge, I have a feeling I won't have to teach you anything I already know!'

'Do you think it's strange?' She asks with uncertainty.

'I have no idea right now love.' We will always be connected this way, there will be no way to be able to have secrets from her, would not able to surprise her in any way shape or form. But I feel so at peace with her in my arms in front of the beach I love so much and her being able to live it with me because she is in my mind all the time. I can already feel her apprehension for me to look into her. I won't. She knows I won't. Only when she allows me to. She can enjoy my memories in the meantime, except for yesterday morning I have so many good ones. She should enjoy herself for a while. And feel how much I love her, and feel certain that as a new member of The Osupa we will fight for her, she is rogue no more ever again.
###chapter 28: 24 Hours Later
Loiza's POV:


I am leaning on the medical tent when I see the sun raising in the East, sigh... I can't believe only 24 hours have passed. I see Jolene and Kendra coming over with a tray?

"My Lady we know that you have been hella busy, so we brought you breakfast, how do you like your coffee?" Jolene asks. And Kendra is bringing a chair. 

"Black, no sugar." I answer. Jolene goes to get the coffee and Kendra brings a little table and prepares a plate serving different things. I am so tired I just look at the girls at their work. Yaya walks out of the tent she must be spent as well...I motion Kendra to serve Yaya as well, I will talk with their parents today. I rather we take them with us to Avalon so that they can start to train there. Whatever happens they will be safe in Avalon. 

"How are they doing?" I ask Yaya now with coffee. 

"Just like they did 20 minutes ago when you left and yes Maco is still by his mate. Poor boy, to finally find your mate in such a state, she will recover Izzy, Ana herself is taking care of her. She did recommend we wake Sandro to care for Maco" Great! Maco is out for now, shit I can't bitch about this, I am PISSED at Kayden, but he didn't know, sure we met under harsh circumstances, but what Maco is going through is torture. Anacaona is an extremely talented healer, Maco's nameless mate is in excellent hands.

I link Sandro and I know I woke him...'Alpha! Good morning, how can I serve you?' I feel so bad for getting him up at this hour. 'Sandro please forgive me for waking you at this hour, we had an incident during the night and I desperately need your skill right now. Can you please come to the medical tent as soon as possible?'

'At once Cacique! I am on my way.'

"Alpha, every victim has been triaged and catalogued by species." I stretch my hand up to get the tablet. 

"General sit, have some coffee." I get up to give him a break. And I jump when he takes a knee before me. 

"Cacique PLEASE don't stand. You have already overexerted yourself, please continue to rest." I keep standing and I just use my Alpha command..."Sit General!" He stood then sat. "Jo, get him coffee please." 

"Yes My Lady at once, how do you take your coffee General?" Jolene asks really happy to help. 

"With a little milk and two sugars little lady thank you." He answers. And she gives him a bright smile. 

"General I want a detailed chart of how the military and OPIA is organized, inform Director Gloria to assist you for an informal briefing this afternoon. After you have prepared the report, you will go and take a two hour break so you can sleep, I will give you some Hayan drops, they will help you fall asleep at once and the amount will be enough for you to feel much more rested. That is an Order General." He stands and looks at me and puts his hand on my shoulder.

"Iza, I trained you for combat, I know what you can do but you're not inmortal and nobody expects you to have godlike abilities. It's time you asked him! He OWES that and more to you, you don't have to carry this burden alone, it's not how the pack survives." He squeezes my shoulder again and walks away, he knows that that would make me misty-eyed and I would not like anyone seeing that right now. Of all of the teachers I have had in my life including Avalon, he has been the one who has come down the hardest on me... 'Girl, if you survived years in Avalon, I should be a piece of cake!' He fucking wasn't! But he DID make me stronger and he is right, I can't do this alone. 

"Braka! Before you go, wake him and send him to me. You're dismissed." He bows and leaves. 

"Well aren't you the sweetest Alpha in the world! You should have offered him some bon bons while you are at it?" Goddess give me patience. 

"Yaya, while you were sleeping Braka was awake, I am just giving him two hours he will definitely NEED. Now get in contact with Moira, we HAVE to hand in the unicorns ASAP." She just gives me the stink eye and stands to go... "Yaya? What do you think Marcus meant last night about someone cursing them? I have been thinking about that a LOT, I didn't tell you before because I thought it was related to Karaya but..." "... Let me guess, your Mark hasn't stoped itching has it?" She asks sternly. "Yeah! I have to focus on forgetting it until I find myself scratching it. Maco thought for a moment that Kayden and Marcus seemed out of it when he called on them, he thought that you would find some guilt about last night." Maco wanted to kill someone last night, Kevin has been taking those he, Marcus and Kayden have caught and put them in the dungeons. 

"They were nervous and they had guilt but not of what happened last night...well they REALLY felt terrible about having members doing such things, that boy Marcus was about to have a mental breakdown when he saw the unicorns. But that they are hiding something regarding US... they are." That's what I thought, when Marcus raged that they were cursed, Kayden was fast to pivot. Good talent for an Alpha, but not good enough to hide from a spy trained to notice the details. They were fine last night before The Run and in the span of a few hours their demeanor changed drastically. They have infomation that is key to us! Why would they not share it? I DO need him! 


L: 'BAYOÁN!' 

B: 'Seriously?!' 

L: 'Oh good! You're awake! I hope I didn't interrupt anything important, anyhoo please come to the medical tent ASAP.' 

B: 'Izzy give me another hour.'

L: With Alpha voice: 'ASAP!' 

B: 'Shit!'

L: 'I knew you would see it my way sooner rather than later.'

B: 'You and Ura are the WORST!'

L: 'I could always assign you to be Suania's personal trainer.'

B: 'For fuck sake I'm coming!'

"Alpha, who needs my help?" Sandro finally gets here... "Jo, Kendra!" 

"Yes My Lady?" Both girls respond. "I need a big favor from both of you, a personal favor." They both nod their heads. "I'm going to walk into the medical tent right now, I am taking Healer Sandro to the bed of a patient whom her mate needs some help, so we are going to take him away, while he is away I want both of you not to disturb the doctor  treating the girl, all I want from you guys is to help get her hair un matted. Bring a bucket, wash her hair get some good conditioner and fix her hair as best you can okay?" Both girls are confused but nod their heads. "All of you come with me." 

We go in and I signal the girls to stay at the entrance watching, they give me a thumbs up. Excellent. "This way Sandro." I walk directly to Maco and his mate. "Maco, brother, Ana will care for her now, but she needs you out of her way, do understand?" I look at Sandro. "It's been hours and I don't even know her name." A tear falls from each eye. My heart aches for him, he has been waiting for over a decade to meet his mate only to meet her like THIS...

Sandro gets down to his level to look him in the eyes. "You're right Maco, you have waited for this moment and true that the circumstances are not ideal, but your wait has ended. Come with me so we can chat over some of the aweful coffee they have in this place." I can't help but laugh, and I see Maco smiled with a little chuckle. And I feel a little hope. "I know right, stupid volcano just messed with our coffee... If the damn thing wouldn't have blown up Maco would be home drinking a decent cup of coffee instead of being next to his mate." Maco laughs at that. "Iza you are the worst sister on the planet." Sandro looks at me with a big open smile and I wink at him. 

"That's an absolute lie and you know it! In any case that title goes to Guanina!" He thinks for a second..."She owes me 200 Guanins she used to buy ONE pair of shoes." Duh! You're the one who has money. Those were nice shoes too. I wanted a pair myself. But owes him much more money. "That's the spirit! Let's keep hating Nina and love Izzy!" He give gives me a big smile with a little laugh. "You ARE the worst!" And I cup his face. "We don't know what she has been through brother, she will need you strong when she wakes I'm sure you have felt that at least through the Bond...go with Sandro she is safe and with OUR people now. I want you looking sharp so my new sister can see what hottie she got scored for a mate!" He sighs. 

"Let's get nasty coffee Sandro." He says with a woeful voice.

"I say fuck the coffee now, let's raid the kitchen and get some beer!" Sandro replies. Maco straight up laughs. "Sandro your the man!!"

I signal the girls to come and link Ana to come. They all scurry over. "Ok girls this is Dr. Ana, Doc this is Jo and this is Kendra. Girls if the doc tells you to do or stop doing something you don't ask why, you just do it, got it?" They look at Maco's mate... "What happened to her?" They look like they have seen a ghost, I must have looked like that the first time I saw her too. 

"That's not your concern right now! Focus on your task. Also I need to talk to your parents, can you link them to meet me at the Pack house?" Kendra links someone but Jolene just stares at me. "Jo?"

"Yeah, about that. I don't have any. Parents I mean, neither does Kendra but she has her sister..." Man, this pack is a bummer! "Ok, nevermind. Kendra tell your sister to meet me as soon as she can, ok? Now both of you go and get what you need!" And she nods with a smile. 

"Yes My Lady! We will get the things!" And they run out. Ana looks at me like I went and lost my mind. "Are you sure about this Alpha?" She asks. Looking at her patient as she tied her braids into a pony tail.

"Not at all." I look at Jane Doe again. "Not being sure keeps me on my toes! Thank you for this Ana. Yaya has the potion ready to administer to her and anyone who needs it, I made sure to double-check it, they are labeled according to species. I have to go now, I leave her in your care."

"I will care for her with the best of my skill Alpha." Says the young healer. I look at Yaya and she nods at me. 
###chapter 29: The Thing About Betas 
Kayden's POV:


17 wolves have been caught so far! 17 of MY people have bought, sold, raped, tortured and used other people! 

Even Vanessa had a hybrid elf/fae girl with a shock collar and an iron cuff at her ankle to keep her weak. The girl is half Knowing Faerie and Vanessa was using her for something so stupid as gambling! I can't believe I fucked her! The girl at least was not used in other ways, but she was a few out of most. There are even members of Blue Moon here! Marius might want revenge for this! I don't know if I can take more heartbreak from my own people. I can STILL feel Loiza's glare from above me full of disappointment and disdain. I sent the victims to our medical ward, she will most likely not be happy with that. I have to replace that altar ASAP. 

I get two water bottles from Vanessa's fridge, and walk over to Marcus who is sitting under the shade of a tree looking DONE, his eyes are empty and bloodshot from crying, with very dark eye bags. I imagine my eyes look similar. I sit next to him and hand him a bottle, he doesn't even look at it. I grab his hand and put the bottle in it and he suddenly snaps out of it. 

"I am sorry." I say, I really have no other words.

Marcus just stays silent, he still has the water bottle in his hand, he just ignores it like he's ignoring me. He hasn't spoken to me all night and has blocked our link. He has never blocked me out before. 

"Brother I am BEGGING now, I am so very sorry, I can't believe that THIS is our pack! We have members of Blue Moon, Marius is going to be pissed!" I would be. And he opens the bottle and drinks in down and makes a ball out of the bottle, he keeps at it until it's so small he now it's inside one of his fists, his knuckles are white, indicating the amount of pressure he is putting. When he opens it only small plastic dust is left and he dusts it off with both his hands. 

"Kayden, what do you want forgiveness for exactly?" His voice hoarse and monotone. He still doesn't look at me. 

"What do you think Marcus, everything!" He finally looks at me. 

"What is everything Kayden?" He really wants to rub it in. 

"Why are you being so difficult brother?! I'm sorry for EVERYTHING that we are going through, yeah I guess now I REALLY know that I suck as an Alpha but---" 

"Fuck your pity party Kayden! Do you actually KNOW WHY I can't stand to look at you right now?" Pity party? 

"I am not asking for pity Marcus, I am asking for your forgiveness." I say softly, Marcus has always stood by me, he isn't only my brother, he is my best friend, there have never been secrets between us. 

"Oh believe me Kayden I am not offering YOU an once of pity! And you don't even know why I am angry at you." He sighs. "Have you any idea how much you embarrassed us last night, I don't mean the pack. I mean US! You and me as leaders." Great here it comes... as long as he just lets it out. 

"Go on, tell me, I KNOW that you will go into great detail!" And now I take a sip of my water. 

"I saw something I thought I would never see last night. I'm not talking about the unicorns, although I do admit that my mind has not recovered from that... I saw an Alpha. A REAL Alpha, I have never seen one before and now I know what one looks like." I stand up and grab Marcus by the collar of his shirt lifting him and smashing him against the trunk of the tree. 

"Are you saying I AM NO TRUE ALPHA?" And he starts laughing hysterically! I actually feel fear of him and let go and he drops to the ground still laughing. 

"Oh dear brother, after what you saw last night, you still want to hold to your TITLE?" He keeps laughing. "Do you know what I saw?" I know he's really not asking. 

"I saw a 19 year old girl who after loosing EVERYTHING and having her mate near, kept her composure. She, one so young, took the leadership role of her people and has not stopped working solving everything that's being thrown at her standing and with unyielding determination. I saw an ALPHA who is knowledgeable of everything that surrounds her. Did you notice her cleaning blood off her hands when she came out of the tent?" Shit, I missed something but Marcus' eyes never miss anything. That's the thing about Betas... they are usually the most observant in a pack. They are very powerful, yet the REAL strength of a Beta lies within their powers of observation, perception, the ability to discern and  analyze any situation, study and understand their surroundings and advise the Alpha then enforce that decision.

"Yeah, I noticed..." I answer. 

"Did you notice that the patients she showed us had no wound that would merit the amount of blood she was wiping from her hands?" He takes my water bottle from me and starts drinking it. I had made no connection. 

"Let me guess Kayden, you were more focused on not exposing our shameful secret to your mate that you paid no attention to anything or anyone in that tent? Fuck it, I KNOW you didn't, I know that besides trying to hide what our parents did you were trying to get SOME reaction from her, to see if you can smell any arousal from her part. I can tell you right now, you will fail until SHE decides, her will is stronger than yours, how do you think she was able to break Kevin? While you were trying to get a whiff of want from her, I could smell her sweat, could you?" Pineapples and vanilla is all I smell from her.

"I just smell HER! I don't know if being her mate only allows me to smell HER." I feel miserable now, I really ain't a true Alpha.

"It seems your lovely mate is SO determined to go on with her duties that she is drinking jading potion to suppress her libido and injecting a scent suppressant of some type. I couldn't catch her scent AT ALL... If she was a stranger in the street I would have no idea WHAT she was and if I was blind I would not be able to tell that she was in front of me. She probably knows she can't hide her natural scent from you, but she can disguise the other scents her body produces." Damn, no wonder The Council wants their tech so badly. I remember the little bottle her brother sprayed me with. 

"In the tent there was an old dead man with his guts hanging out. I asked about it while you were busy puking. Turns out that Kevin panicked when more Osupa soldiers came to help take the prisoners from their cells, that he lashed out at Loiza herself who was carrying the old man. He slashed the side of the mans belly... Loiza stoped Braka from killing him. Even with THAT commotion her head still registered use for the idiot! Instead of going berserk at being almost killed and carrying a bleeding dying man her mind was clear that killing him, would hinder the effort of finding the truth. As the man lay dying she was holding his guts in him and giving some of her energy to give the doctors time. In the end the man asked for her to stop, he grabbed her hand and she held him with her yellow glow to comfort him. He apparently died thinking he was held by the Goddess." Why did the Goddess waste one of her most beloved warriors on the likes of me then? Is she really just a Troyan Horse? Is the Goddess going to take her from me?

"I don't have the right to forgive you Kayden, I failed as a Beta, I didn't see... Just as you are no true Alpha, I am no true Beta. I can't forgive myself!" Kevin tried to kill Loiza and she pardoned him to be able to get the real perpetrators. If not there would just be a dead Kevin, and we would have to wait who knows how long for a victim to talk or go on a wild goose chase and those who are in captivity would not be free now. If as a werewolf, as an Alpha, she can control herself and thinks that fast... if she discovers what The Council did... I am her mate, how can I choose a side that will definitely want her dead? I have to tell her, I should warn them!

Frank comes over running... "Alpha, Theo is in the dungeons but he said that The Osupa let in a Rouge!" I'm starting to feel one of my eyes start to twitch.
###chapter 30: The New Beta of The Osupa 
Bayoán POV:

Morgana stirs as I get up and get dressed and kiss my mate. I hear her mumble...

"Yeah I totally got that babe..." I blow her a kiss through the mirror.

"I SAID! Did she ask?" I love her Brooklyn accent! Here I find her in Scotland and absolutely expect the accent of a young Lass and suddenly Harley Quinn is giving me attitude! She's adorable!

"She is just about to..." I answer tying my boots. "Didn't I tell you? Not even 24 hours!" I smile triumphantly.

"You're an absolute jackass for not just offering you know! The moment the Goddess manifested herself you should have thrown yourself at her knees." What a traitor!

"Woman, those pregnancy hormones have you talking absolute nonsense recently! Specifically just right NOW. I swear I sometimes think I should have just left you in that Pub in Edinburg and saved myself all this trouble you witch!" On MY knees? Dream on.

"I AM a witch you mule!" And suddenly I feel a strong gust of wind that pushes me on my ass! I HATE it when she does that!

"Morgana I have been very patient, but if I do become Beta of this pack I just might bring back witch trials and burnings! Sounds delicious!" And then banging at the door.

I open the door to find The General and Morgana moves the wind to knock my head to hit the door." I am going to get her for that!

"STOP!" I whine.

"Then stop your bitching and get your ass down there! And never mention witch burnings again!" It was only a few centuries in Europe and a few years in New England, no biggie, and they didn't even burn real witches just a bunch of humans.

"I hate you!" I shout as I leave the room with Braka.

"Oh I hate you more!" She shouts from inside.

"Pregnancy hormones, you can understand right?" I tell Braka. Simple.

"Captain I have learned to not try to understand you, also I hope to not have to call you Captain by tonight, your sister requests your presence." She's loosing patience, I should make her grovel!

"We shall see tonight General!" And he grabs my shoulder with a tad too much pressure for my liking.

"More things have developed Captain, she won't be able to take this alone much longer. She has honored her duty to the pack, it's time you do the same. I hope you understand right?" Ugh, yikes? I guess that's a no to making her grovel, damn!

"More things? Wonderful! Come General let's go see my sister you can give me an account of these things that have developed." He tells me everything since we last saw each other before the hunt last night, and I cut with the funny bullshit. I knew that broken altar was a bad omen, it's not that I'm superstitious or anything it's just that it's creepy as fuck! I don't want to imagine how Maco must be feeling and the thought of Morgana like that makes my blood boil, and Izzy, she hasn't even slept... ok now I do feel like a Jackass, Morgana is going to have a fiel day with me. After the hunt I just took a shower, fucked my mate a little and slept great. Ura is not going to have to turn me into a raisin! As if he could! I get to where the medic tent and Loiza is talking to Sandro and Maco, damn it must be pretty bad if Loiza brought in Sandro, not only is he an Omega, the most gifted at therapy, but he is an empath and profesor of psychotherapy at the Medical Department in the University.

I go to Maco and hug him and he's crying on my shoulder, how bad can she look? I look at Izzy, and boy does she look tired. I extend my hand to her... "Get in here Cacique, I'll be your damn Beta!" And she runs to my chest and here come the tears.

"Shush! People are going to think I am a terrible brother you two are embarrassing me and I have an image to uphold in this pack you know! Now come on Maco let's go see your mate, congratulations man! You beat Ura! You wait he's going to sulk for a month!" And they laugh and I tickle Izzy and she laughs harder but then she slaps my hand away and composes herself and she is a Cacique again..."Look at you two, when's the last time you showered?!"

We get to where Maco's mate is...WHOA, I even feel dizzy and I see that two girls are untangling her hair and two other girls giving her a sponge bath the water is filthy! And the smell... "Girls go change that water, Ana how's her condition?" She looks at Loiza and that is very acceptable behavior, however, as her Beta I have to assess the situation for her to be able to process any decision making right now, and take over if she can't continue. And from what I have assessed she needs at least two to three good hours of sleep at the minimum.

"Ana it's ok I just took on to be Loiza's Beta." I look at my sister so she can name me. "Loiza, sweetie just name me already, I got you. Look at you Izzy! You look like shit!" C'mon already.

"I feel like shit..." She anwers. Damn, I should have been here last night.

"Izzy just do the transfer already!" I am now going to be her Beta and that means that I will be able to override anyting she might decide if I find it to be against the best interests of The Pack and her own well-being, a Beta is also supposed to make sure the Alpha doesn't act like a fool. Izzy and I are not going to share the same felial Bond like before, but one more formal and oficial. That's just one of the few reasons why I did not want to be her Beta. I still and always will be her big brother, but now I will have to know my place in the hierarchy of The Pact with regards to her. I would have never imagined my little sister to be my direct superior and have to be her most skilled advisor, that will change the nature of our relationship, I guess I was just afraid to lose my baby sister.

"I Loiza Mirabal, Cacique of The Osupa Pack of the Hallowed Grounds of Karaya Island, name you Bayoán Mirabal, Captain of the 3rd Regiment, Beta of our tribe." And suddenly I felt it... my eyesight got even sharper, my nose became more sensitive, I wonder if I can beat Ura and Suania racing now, my mind starts processing faster, a Mark with the Greek B for Beta burns at my right wrist.

"SON OF A BITCH! Cut it off!" What the hell did I just sign up for?!

"Oh give me a break! Quit your complaining, it's not even half the size of my mark! And I was 14 when I got mine! Now get on with it!" She IS THE WORST!

"So Ana, about her condition?" Ana now has registered my place in the hierarchy and knows to obey my command and to answer any of my questions without the need to check in with the Alpha.

"The potion the alpha and Yaya have produced has helped her and the others heal much faster than without it of course, however I cannot assess her mentally because she's unconscious. I can't even feel her wolf, I imagine that's why her scars are not healing as fast, to be honest Beta, I shudder to think the conditions in which she received lesions to cause such scars."

Maco puts his face in his hands, I give him a squeeze and nod at Ana to get on with it.

"She slso had a broken femur, thank the Goddess she was unconscious for me to break it again so that I can put it in place correctly so that it heals correctly, otherwise the amount of anesthesia that we would have to use to spare her that pain would not help with her healing at all. Now comes the difficult part. She would of course heal completely and look brand-spanking-new if she completes the mating ritual with Maco, however, even though they are mates we do not know her mental state and how open she will be to that at this very moment. It all depends on her right now and wait to see when she heals enough until she can wake up on her own." I look at Maco to see if he got that, the good thing about him being an engineer is that even if his mate is broken there is nothing he can't put back together! Izzy looks at me suddently, did she hear my assessment just now?
###chapter 31: The New Beta of The Osupa II
Bayoán POV:


I swear she heard me!

And Izzy goes at it: "Maco I will leave you to help with your mate and figure out what she needs of you and us now, we will figure anything else out when she wakes up which even if it's slowly it will happen, that has already been assured. Ana, finish making sure that the rest of the patients that are unconscious are being treated so that we indeed can avoid using anesthesia. Keep administering the potion through their IV, it will continue to accelerate the healing process even if their wolves or prime animal is incapacitated. Sandro, go to the patients that are awake, bring your apprentices, make sure they are your most gifted ones, this will be a good learning experience. I want to make sure that they have enough credits to be graduated before the year is over, if we get Karaya back we're going to need therapists help the survivors of this massacre. Oh and Sandro there IS a vampire among them, he is under Legal Trust so don't worry, he's under my protection and his clan will be informed, although I feel that that really won't matter. Also, Cleo!" 

And Cleo runs over, her 'fro tied in the back with a cornrow crown keeping it neat in the front, her obsidian eyes showing the devastation of loosing her father and Admiral yesterday, damn, we have so much appointments to do... Ugh!

"Cacique!" And the young soldier bows.

"Cleo first, my condolences, your father served Karaya with honor, I know you and your brothers will honor his legacy." After having have been Ambassador for the Goddess, Izzy was in her element with diplomacy. 

"Cleo, there are humans among the victims, can you handle making sure that they are returned? Ana has the Forgetting Potion. If any are indeed runaways bring them to the Beta, he will know what to do."

"It will be as you say Cacique!" And she bows and goes to her task.

Whoa! When the fuck did THIS happen! If my mind is thinking fast it looks like she is a computer! Ok, that IS dramatic, but no wonder she needed me! With no one as her Beta, HER brain had to develop the Beta analyzing process so that she could continue her work without any hiccups in the way. Morgana is going to have my head for this! I AM a Jackass! No wonder Ura was indeed threatening me, and no, nobody can tell me that he was just joking... He was protecting his favorite sister but couldn't do it himself because he is a Gamma. No matter how much work and training or being the son of an Alpha and a Beta, the Goddess has assigned him as a Gamma just like Izzy. He will never be a Beta, unlike with the title of Alpha, NOBODY can be turned into a Beta, you can only be BORN into it.

"Why won't it matter Cacique? Surely their clans will want their kin back?" Sandro takes the tablet with the records of every victim, their pictures, species, their powers and abilities, their captors, their story, their wounds, the atrocities committed to them, and more crap I wasn't able to see. I'm going to check it out latter and verify if it's more effective than my process, if it is, I am going to have to study it, adapt to it and perfect it, that's how the Pack survives... fuck me! She thought of everything!

She straightens herself up trying to look dignified, who is she kidding, she really looks like shit! "Most say that they have been cast out of their tribes, or are running away from an already abuser, and so many rogues all those scents are overwhelming!"

"Ok Alpha, I am confining you to your room for the next two hours, I'm taking over. Yaya you had a nice nap yesterday assist the Alpha give her some Hayan drops for two hours. I already noticed the unicorns, I'm sure that you have contacted Moira to hand them over, inform her that I recommend a full sweep of this territory I would feel more confident if she would open an investigation and send Priestesses to read the energies of the four cardinal sections. 

"Also tell her that we demand to open an investigation of the events of the past 48 hours, nobody is going to convince me that what happened yesterday was natural, that's bullshit and you all know it! Tell her that Karaya needs Avalon to step up! I know you and Izzy have a mind field avoidance plan, very cute... Well sorry, but I say fuck that! We have been directly attacked and we KNOW by whom. Ana call in everyone and tell Daniella to pull them from their shifts and organize it following this same coding system for the victims that have been brought in by Blood Moon, just transfer a copy to your tablet then give it back to Sandro so he can follow the Cacique's order." And I hand her the tablet from Sandro. 

"Yaya, make sure Moira understands I'm not fucking around, we have served Avalon for centuries and have followed Selene's will and will continue to do so, we need their support. You and Izzy are not enough! We need more Priestesses to guard ALL of the Cardinal Temples and shrines around Karaya. I want a barrage of Priestesses investigating the mountain from top to bottom, although I'm pretty sure the top is more than enough. If blood magic was committed, it was done there. We are the real last bastion Selene has on the planet and if we are attached then so was she, I imagine that's why she went ahead and just crowned Izzy. I have a STRONG feeling Moira will cooperate, whether she likes it or not it's in the best interest of Avalon... 

"Also make sure she understands what is going on here. Slavery is an unforgivable crime punishable by Death only, I want to make sure she doesn't leave any equipment she wishes to use on the accused behind... You're all dismissed, especially you Alpha. Now can ANYBODY cover up that broken altar, it's creeping the shit out of me!" 

Ok, I can do this! I just called the Goddess twice by her name, that should get her attention to make sure Moira falls in line. I am not in the mood for her Priestess riddles and jibber jabber hidden knowledge crap. If Moira doesn't hand over The Sword of Peace to execute the slavers I'll consider her suspicious too. If they are executed by any other way their soul will rech Selene's realm which I doubt she will view with favor. If beheaded By The Sword of Peace that King Arthur took out from the anvil which killed him by Mordred's hand the soul of the executed will go directly to Hades to do as he will. 

"Are you crazy?! To call the Goddess by her name TWICE and DEMAND The Sword of Peace? Yaya and I had a plan!" I feel Izzy's anger through our new Bond. 

"Look I HAVE been called crazy often Loiza! It's part of my genius and you are off duty! I'm making sure that the Goddess doesn't take her eyes away from this situation. Don't forget she is the Goddess of the Moon, and the Moon has many phases, do you think that I am ignorant of the ways of Avalon? I may not be a Priestess Iza but all Betas of the Osupa are required to have full knowledge of Avalon Law, and EVERYTHING I have demanded falls well between our rights and due process. Now go take a shower and take the drops, I will send guards to care for you and wake you up in a couple of hours." She sighs...

"Yaya won't talk to Moira with 'demands'..." She says now eating a some grapes from a bowl full of fruit. 

"She won't have to, I could feel her apprehension to my Beta order on how to handle The Great Grand Prime Priestess of Avalon A.K.A The Lady of the Lake, Moira of the House of Aranda... don't worry about it I'll tell her myself!" I tell her smiling and crossing my arms on my chest, she stops chewing almost choking with a piece of cantaloupe. 

"Your joking! You wouldn't dare!" She drinks some water clearing her throat. 

"No Izzy, YOU and Yaya wouldn't dare... I have no problem debating Avalon Law AND Warewolf High Council Law with Moira and she very damn well knows it! Now enough bullshit and go! I'll make sure Moira sends Priestesses to investigate what's happening and dry those skins of last nights hunt and the meat will be given to Domingo to make an honor feast for the dead and the bones will be given to Master Jorel to integrate to the drums and make the hunt as clean as possible." 

She jumps and throws her arms around my neck... "Thank you, it was feeling really lonely." She whispers in my ear. 

"Nah, I'm sorry Izz I should have come back after the hunt... we were done pretty fast, even Ura gave me shit about it. I got your back sweetheart now go and rest." She kissed my cheek and I muacked her forehead.

I link her: 'Izzy did you 'hear' my assessment of Maco and his mate?' She nods 'And I agree, why?' Well this is new... 'Because you shouldn't be able to, but I have a feeling that's my fault as well, since you had no Beta, your brain adapted faster than I would have imagined to have to analyze like a Beta, and now because of it our Alpha/Beta Bond is more in sync because you have already felt what Beta brain waves feel like. You'll understand eventually, Dad would have been very impressed.'

"That's great..." She says very unenthusiastically and twirling her finger in little circles. "Where IS Ura I haven't seen him since last I saw you?" She asks. 

"Sulking away somewhere I'll find him, now no more bullshit, GO and take Maco with you!" She sticks out her tongue and I give her the finger and all is right in the world...
###chapter 32: Twin Souls
Urayoán POV: 


I spent ALL night making sweet sweet love to my mate trying out this whole Twin Souls Bond, and we did it EVERYWHERE we wanted. If I wanted to make love to her anywhere in my memory or hers all we have to do is start and the place that either of us is thinking will be caught by the others brain wave synchronizing completely making the place automatically materialize around us. When we fell asleep we dreamt we were in a covered terrace in a house in the Uguaca Hills facing the North East shore, we could even FEEL the soft ocean breeze of my memory. She is still there, well in her mind, well actually it's my mine... it's confusing to explain. Our souls together don't make one like regular mate Bond, in our Bond we EACH have a complete soul only it's identical in every way. Other mates are two sides of the same coin while ours is like a sphere that we BOTH live in. 

I can already feel her waking up, I can tell she doesn't want to. So I kiss her temple a few times. "I know your awake baby, let's get a quickie in before we shower and get some food." I tickle her a little, knowing exactly where her most ticklish spot is, again we can't hide anything from each other.

"Mmmm, I am up! STOP!" She grabs my already hard cock and starts stroking it when Maco decides to show up trying to open the locked door. Fuck! 

"Ura what the fuck man?! Open this damn door!" Freya freezes looking at me. I smile and wink at her cute as fuck self. I calm her through the Bond, I take over her emotions and she is relaxed she already has an idea how this will go, she knows everything I know. I go to the door, unlock and open it, ok change of plans there is a crowd here. Both Maco and Izzy are looking like hell!

"Hey guys I have news!" I say as Maco pushes his way in.

"Fuck your news Ura! I'm going to shower, Iza, I'm fine, take a shower and get your ass to bed." What happened?

"Here are the drops Maco... Damn Ura what's up with your scent? It's totally different." Finally I knew my sweet sister would notice!

"No, you know what? I am off the clock now. Bayo is Beta, he's looking for you, G'night." And she leaves me just standing there, what the hell? Maco goes straight to the shower while drinking a potion I am making out the scent...

"Hayan drops love, I don't think he noticed ANYTHING. He looks bad... So does Loiza, something happened last night besides what happened us." I go and lie my head on her stomach, and in our head we concluded Maco will be out by the time he gets out of the shower and puts his head on the pillow. So we're just going to wait for him to shower ourselves.

"As long as I have you and know that I won't have to kill Bayo, I would say this morning is going well. I say we raid the kitchen, baby you have to go easy on me, I am starving." She just pinches my ear which she knows mine are sensitive.

"HEY! You are an evil woman!" She just pinches it harder. "And your an idiot! Stop messing around I think it actually HAS to do with how we met, fuck it baby I'm ok with you checking out my life, it will be like a Band-aid." And I get up and go to her lips, I look in her while I deepen the kiss and I see it. I stop the kiss to look at her, I feel her shame and fear I know Dyus is full of rage and my eyes are gold, but I know she doesn't need rage from me now and I just take her in my arms, she cries a little but she's ok. I am making sure to absorb her pain now and I take a deep breath to calm myself.

"Do you think they have a stash of people here too?" I ask. 

"Marius DOES business with Blood Moon so I suppose they do." The shower stops. 

"Ok babe, did you check if the clothes fit you?" She pecks my lips. We have decided that would mean yes, she has passed all her cheesy shit to me, now I am an addict! Bayoán is going to have a fiel day with us! Oh well, we went hard on him too when he met Morgana, and then she went hard on us when we met her! The Brooklyn Witch at least knows how to put Bayo in his place. 

Maco walks out of the shower looking like a zombie throws the towel to the floor, gets into bed and covers himself with the quilt and he is OUT. 

"I guess all the planing wasn't even necessary. Poor thing! C'mon let's see what's up!" And she pecks me again and goes to the shower. After enjoying the view of watching her go I join her, oh and I do get my quickie in the shower. We get dressed and go to the kitchen and Domingo is with that Nancy lady and more cooks are coming over with the skinned deer we got last night. 

"Domingo! I'm glad you made it out man, do you know how to prepare deer?" It's not an animal native to us, so we don't have dishes that use it. I keep looking around to see which chefs and cooks survived, awesome Chef Yolanda is here. 

"Yeah, well it's not like we had any other meat to make sure it was a fully Clean Hunt and since it's cold as fuck here we opted for venison stew with white rice, beans and Alexis had plantains ready for us so we are going to makes tostones. I'm not an expert on venison but Alberto is and Alexis is also used to cooking it, so they are in charge of this operation." Awesome! Chef Alberto even knows how to prepare Fugu that's how skilled he is. 

"Wow, you guys are really excited over food!" Freya says and Domingo and I look at her after such blasphemous words.

"Sweetie it is one of the greatest pleasures in life! A dish prepared to PERFECTION should be as enjoyable as making love to a beautiful woman such as yourself... Congratulations Urayoán, however... BOTH your scents are identical..." He says studying the scent while taking Freya's hand to kiss it. "Welcome to the pack my dear, Urayoán why don't you introduce your lovely mate while I make you... an Emperor Omelette!" And keeps staring at HER reaction, he KNOWS that is MY favorite. 

"Oh my Goddess Domingo you read my mind! How did you do that?!" He kissed her hand again laughing. 

"Ok, give me back her hand Domingo." And I shoo his away while I take hers and clean it with a wipe. And Domingo starts laughing harder. He is a mated wolf and Alberto is super jealous! 

"Well it seems our young hunter has found a Twin Soul... A good little wolf has been Blessed by the Goddess, still I would take her to your brother the minute that both of you finish eating." He says as he is halfway done preparing the omelette, he had everyone in the kitchen chopping and prepping while asking Frey is she wanted Emperor Omelette, he already knew what her answer would be. Yeah, we protect our chefs, cooks and bartenders with our lives!

"Oh yeah? Why is that?" I ask him as he places a plate in front of each of us, his apprentice Roxana gives us each a glass of orange juice and a side bowl of cantaloupe. 

"My dear boy, you have the sharpest nose in all of Karaya and you can't tell? Well that IS interesting indeed." I look at him in complete confusion, I look at Frey and she just signals that she has no clue. I smell both of us, and the scent HAS changed completely but I can't tell what he's talking about.

"Ok, Domingo, you win! What did my nose miss?" And he smiles triumphantly.

"Honey, she still smells like a Rouge, you can't mate and mark someone and expect them to magically become an Osupa!" He's right! No wonder I couldn't smell it, the minute I caught her scent last night my nose focused only on HER natural scent, her pack scent, familial scent, even her stink smell was irrelevant. So her rouge scent was dismissed by my brain too.

"Gotcha! Bayo can swear her in right?" Usually the swearing has to be done with the Alpha's blood, but Bayoán is expert at technicalities he'll know what to do.

"Darling I am just a Chef, I stay clear of political controversies but I have never heard of a Beta swearing in a new member, I'm afraid your brother will be able to explain that to you better." I can smell Freya's arousal at the food and I look at her blushing. And when I look at Domingo his smile is even bigger making me laugh. 

"And once again Chef Domingo touches a woman in a place her mate will never reach!" He says praising himself, and we all start laughing. 

"You got me there Domingo, I will never be able to cook like this!" The magic of Kappas.

He takes our plates when we finish... "Ok you two love birds better get your cute asses down to the Beta, and let him know at once, he is by the medical tent. What happened last night has everyone on edge." 

"What happened last night?" I just ask him.

"Honey, just go to your brother... Urayoán, you have to settle this matter now. We already have enough to deal with and Izzy is mated to the Alpha of this pack. We have to make sure not to escalate the situation if we want her to get us the fuck back home, because the ju ju I get from this place is not aceptable, we all have to chip in." Ok, if Domingo ain't feeling it, it can't be good, not only is he the best cook on the island, he is also a gifted reader, and not of books but of people. Say you are in the mood for something but you just don't know what, Domingo will read it from you and tell you, and you realize that it was exactly what you wanted. 
###chapter 33: To Catch a Rouge
Bayoán POV: 

"Damn it Yaya I thought you said she was on her way!" This is ridiculous! Although Moira has never been one to be on time, it must be pretty nice living where time doesn't exist and ruins your schedule!

"Who's on the way?" I turn around and to my surprise it's Ura and his scent is different. He's accompanied by a girl... Can it be possible? He found his mate. They smell exactly the same yet not really. And then I catch the particular odor, she's a rouge, if you take that smell away it is definitely identical to Ura's. This is going to be interesting!

"Well lookie here! The grand ole hunter has found his mate! Congratulations brother! And I sniff a Twin Soul at that! Isn't it going to be fun sending you both to be guinea pigs at the lab, what fun experiments shall we think of?!" He found his Twin Soul this is going to be funny as hell! I can already smell the fear on him. This would have been a really joyful event had Maco not found his nameless mate, especially the way he did. Just thinking about seeing Morgana that way crushes me!

"Being Beta suits you brother, that brain of your has awoken and your thinking is not so slow anymore! I can't hear the rusty wheels squeaking from your head anymore! So who's coming, what the hell is going on? everyone's acting so weird. Even Domingo was cryptic. And guinea pigs? Really?" I just smile at him I am going to go easy on him... but only today, I have way bigger fish to fry and she's late as usual. Why does it ALWAYS have to be this way with her?!

"Well thank you brother, although ANY look suits me! Now pray tell me what is my new sister's name?" I just give her the old bear hug, Ura scored big, she is everything he likes in a woman, a tall Amazon, she feels strong and being a rouge usually makes someone very independent add to that them being Twin Souls means their prior personalities were almost identical. It basically will be like two Uras tag teaming. Oh the joy!

"I am Freya, Bayo, nice to officially meet you live!" I kiss my new family member's forehead. 

"I guess you are correct, although to have HIM in your head 24/7... let's see how this works, when WAS the last time there was a registered Twin Soul mating in Karaya Yaya?" I have never seen one, this WILL be interesting and I will have to talk this with Loiza, but it WILL help on putting more pressure on Avalon...

"I haven't the exact date but it was little more than a century ago, I remember they being very old when I was a girl... at the end I remember they never spoke to each other, I mean how much is there to say?! And died old in their bed the same night, pretty romantic if you ask me." Yaya just said. 

"I see... Ura did Maco see her?" Man, this day just gets weider. 

"Nah, he was in rough shape, took some Hayan drops and basically told me to fuck off so we did." Great, Maco is devastated, he will be happy for Ura, but his mind is with his nameless mate.

"Ooookaaay, cool... cool, we do however have a very big problem." How do I explain...

"Let me guess, these assholes are basically slavers?" Someone must have told him. 

"Well we already cleared the Alpha and Beta but some members do indeed partake, we have even found members of Blue Moon, we have to inform their Alpha, wasn't he supposed to send support?" We have yet to even see this Marius, what is a Blood Oath to these people?

"HA! You think Marius will be angry? Dude HE is the one heading this orchestra! He has a LOT of people from different clans, I escaped his hellhole two days ago and have been hiding. Last night that asshole Theo almost caught me to take me back, that's when Ura found me." Freya tells me. What in the name?! We have been literally been thrown into a Stephen King novel! Oh, Moira WILL hear from me!

"What in Hades is going on here? You bring a rouge into my territory with out informing me?!" Alpha Kayden roared, I bet he would have been a puppy if Izzy was here. 

"Ah Alpha Kayden, Marcus, so nice to see you BOTH this fine day!" I have no time or patience for petty drama like ONE rouge in the territory.

"Beta Bayoán I congratulate you on your naming, however that doesn't explain why there is a rouge inside my pack!" Ugh, I hope the Goddess is using Izzy as a Troyan Horse!

"I am truly terribly sorry for my oversight Alpha, but having to deal with your slavers, their victims and the upheaval that they have created, took my main goal of capturing one lonely rogue which by the way now ends up to be my brothers Marked and mated mate." When is Moira getting here already. 

"Where is Alpha Loiza?" He asks. 

"Sorry Alpha, but the Cacique may be a Queen in the eyes of her people, that doesn't mean she is the Goddess herself who needs no sleep. You will have to contend with me for now, I'm aware I'm not so easy on the eyes as her, but what are we going to do? With regards to Freya, she is Marked and mated to a member of the Osupa, and our new family member. That makes her a legal citizen and member of OUR pack, her rouge status will be over once YOUR MATE swears her in. Is there any other important business you wish to discuss with me, other than this little issue?" Look I get it, it must be hard to know that people of the pack you run are nasty cunts but get therapy dude.
 
"They are not MY slavers! I will see to it that they pay the ultimate price." Not happening buddy. 

"You will do no such thing! There is no law that prohibits slavery under The Werewolf High Council, but under Avalon Law it is an unforgivable crime punishable by Death. But their death must be done correctly and with the right equipment!" This guy!

"I am very surprised and pleased to hear that you want it done correctly and following the law Bayoán, you usually have no problem carrying out an execution whichever way you see fit as quickly as possible." It's about damn time she showed up!
###chapter 34: The Priestess of Avalon 
Kayden's POV:

A freaking portal opens up out of nowhere and out comes what I can only imagine to be the top Priestess of the Goddess. She's more or less as tall as Iza, with dark caramel skin, her eyes were obsidian with no whites and thick lips, a tattoo that starts at her bottom lip and goes down her chin, down her neck until it is lost covered by her white cloak which was adorned simply with runes lining the hem.

"My Lady, I am honored that your most noble self has bequeathed upon us your magnificent presence!" Bayoán says while kneeling before her with arms wide open and head bowed, shit this must be serious...

"Is that how it's intended Yaya?" Bayoán asks the other Priestess with a smirk. Wait, he was just messing around? And then to the Priestess... "Was that not a great show of humility My Lady?" He says as he stands up and dusts himself off.

"Cut the bullshit Beta I am aware of fake flattery and your insolence will be the end of you!" The Priestess who came out of the portal responded. Is he trying to die?

"And that makes my job a whole lot easier My Lady, I love cutting down worthless banter, did you bring the sword?" And I hear Yaya gasp and cover her mouth. 

"You have a lot of nerve Bayoán, calling out the Goddess's own name demanding the Sword of Peace for an execution! Do you have a death wish?" Did Iza really name HIM Beta?! He mentioned the Goddess's name?! What is Iza's strategy here?

"You're right! I should have just gone ahead and ask for Excalibur itself, but since Excalibur cannot carry-out Avalon law for this particular crime I did not ask for it. As for my nerve, I remind you My Lady that over 24 hours have gone by since the attack on our Island, and so far the only one who is actually helping is the Goddess herself, why did you not contact us the moment you knew that we were attacked? Avalon hasn't even sent an inquiry. So I ask you again, My Lady, did you at least bring the sword?" This guy is crazy!

"What evidence do you have that you were indeed attacked?" 

'He is insane, and now I don't know about your mate's judgment!' Marcus mental state is decaying, but his beta brain is still registering all the information. However I have a feeling that crazy IS Iza's strategy, she is a Priestess herself and by the way Yaya reacted to Bayoán asking for some sword, I imagine she would also be more formal with a past mentor. So she needs someone who will cut the formality and make a stand. 

"You tell me My Lady. What evidence could I have if Avalon hasn't even sent a team to inquire on what happened with the mountain while we are in the boonies? A mountain may I add is supervised daily by Priestesses that YOU yourself trained. Whether you like it or not My Lady, The Goddess keeps manifesting herself in favor of our people, she has basically crowned Loiza and just last night my brother met his Twin Soul. And while we're on that, why didn't you send more Priestesses to fetch the unicorns and investigate the crimes committed here? I'm pretty sure that the Goddess must not be pleased knowing that her most precious creatures have been taken from her most protected Sanctum." The Priestess just stands there pondering what Bayoán said. 

"She was here last night too, she was inside of Willow when Freya claimed me with shining turquoise eyes." Loiza's other brother adds to their case. I could tell them right now and take the Priestess to my mother to get her confession, but what happens after that? Will they execute her too? SHIT! It was hard enough disowning them!

The Priestess drops the hood of her cloak uncovering a shaved head crowned by a ribbon tattoo and inside that ribbon every single phase of the moon and runes which I can only imagine are incantations for protection, also her ears are like the elven girl we took out of Vanessa's house, is she an elf? 

"I would suggest you tone down your arrogance Beta, I have lived for over a thousand years and usually when vermin speaks to me that way I make sure to crush it with my boot." She tells Bayoán. Damn, over a thousand years old?!

"No thank you! It seems my arrogance is an effective way of keeping your attention and it's a good thing that I'm not of a size that fits underneath your boot My Lady, pray tell me Moira, what was the Goddess's answer to my plea for the Sword of Peace?" Why does he need a sword?

The Priestess Moira hisses at him and it actually DOES sound like a cat! "Your arrogant demand HAS been granted by the Goddess, she does not wish to have those undesirables in her Realm and she has already decided with Hades and he will take them from her to condemn them as he sees fit. Their only condition is that their own Alpha swing the sword." And Bayoán starts laughing.

"Wait, what was that? I was going to interrogate them to know who their seller is." I answer. 

"My Lady forgive me for not introducing you this is Alpha Kayden Black of The Blood Moon Pack, Alpha this is The Lady Moira of the House of Aranda, Grand Prime Priestess of Avalon, the Lady of the Lake and Keeper of Excalibur." HOLY HELL!

"We don't need to interrogate them for that information because that rogue situation that you blew out of proportion, considering the fact that you have slavers in your pack actually answered that question. Anyway that rogue turns out to actually be a victim and my new sister, that makes TWO members of MY family who have been bought and sold, so as of NOW I am taking this matter very personally. It turns out the ringleader of all of this is Alpha Marius, who not only is keeping people of different species as his own personal property and business, he has not shown up to uphold a Blood Oath. Those are two very serious crimes under Avalon Law, breaking a Blood Oath will garnish you banishment, however holding people against their will is punishable by Death. That's why you need the sword Alpha. I also suggest you send your Beta to rest, from what I am assessing from him he doesn't seem to be registering as quickly and is mentally crumbling. I'm sure that as his Alpha and brother you must have felt that already. We can however offer both of you something to calm both of your nerves." He says.

I look at Marcus and I know his mind has been crumbling since last night. I have clearly underestimated Beta Bayoán and feel vindicated on Loiza's judgement to name him, he is in complete control, even with regards to Priestess Moira. He seems to know BOTH Council Law and Avalon Law and I just remembered that he was a Captain of the military. Iza and General Braka aren't even here, they are tag teaming and actually working as a PACK.

"I have some questions and I will accept your help, clearly I don't have my shit together." And Yaya gasps again. 

"Yaya calm down! Moira is old enough to have heard every curse word in every language, also, don't you see she is here to HELP! She KNOWS the value the Goddess places on Karaya. I am also sure she heard EVERY single LEGAL request that we, as wards of Avalon are entitled to and will follow through respecting the rights bequeathed to us by the Goddess herself, she even granted the sword. So I am POSITIVE the Lady Moira will fully cooperate with us... isn't that RIGHT My Lady?" Damn he IS in FULL control and it reminded me of what Marcus said about Loiza's WILL and how it broke Kevin, who hasn't said a word since, he hasn't even changed his pants yet... 
###chapter 35: By the comand of the Goddess 
Kayden's POV:

After a staring competition between The Lady Moira with a blank face and Beta Bayoán with a pleasant wide smile... she finally opens a small portal reaching into it and pulls out a sword. 

"Avalon is here to help by the command of The Goddess." She comes over to me and I notice she has no scent whatsoever, is she using the same potion the Osupa use?

"Do you know why you are being given this sword to execute the criminals?" She asks me plainly. 

I link Marcus to see if he knows but I am getting no response from him. The Lady Moira looks at Marcus, shit. He is not well.

"Alpha, your Beta's mental decay is critical right now, I suggest you take Bayoán's offered help, besides The Osupa, I sense no mental healer in your pack. The Osupa have many trained and skilled healers, the mind is a hard thing to repair." And the Priestess voice is soft and comforting and I see yellow light shining from her cloak. I take a deep breath. Can she read minds?

"Beta Bayoán, I accept your help for my brother's sake, I will carry out the executions as per Avalon Law and the will of the Goddess." I feel numb. 

"Ura, go ask Sandro who is available to check Beta Marcus's condition, he is in the tent to the left, they are so many of our pack and victims that we had to clear a tent just for mental health." I go to Marcus and tap his shoulder and he gives a little jump, he really is on edge. 

"Gotcha! C'mon babe I am showing you off to everyone!" And he pecks her lips and she giggles grabbing his arm. Damn, now I REALLY want my mate, to hear her laugh, to see love in her eyes. At least she is well, her brother Maco will probably have a long wait too. 

"Marcus they are going to get you help, ok? I know this is hard but they seem to know how to help you and probably myself latter." He looks at me with dead eyes. "C'mon Marcus I need you healthy brother, ok?" And he just nods at me. 

Urayoán comes over: "You are in Luck! Tatiana is waiting for you and she is no apprentice. Alpha, your brother will be in skilled hands, she also wishes to help you should you need her help." They had a tragedy befall them just yesterday and we who were supposed to help them are helping us instead.

"I am sorry to have lashed out at your mate, I don't know what or who to trust anymore. Also there are more victims in our medical facility that are receiving care, yet some have been... brutalized. Can they get help too?" Marcus once told me that there is no shame asking for help, if he gets back to himself I swear to listen to him always. 

"Don't worry Alpha Kayden, those who are responsive with no mayor wounds are receiving therapy right now. Izzy even ordered the most skilled apprentices to join in the efforts, it's good field experience and they will get extra credits for it." Bayoán states matter-of-factly. Marcus was right about her, she is young but very capable. I still don't understand how I got her as a mate! She deserves better. 

"The Goddess has paired you with Loiza because only you can give her what she needs and vise versa, if the Goddess has mated you to Loiza I strongly recommend that you keep looking in the Bond and determine her needs, the Goddess is very meticulous when she pairs up mates especially an Alpha." The Lady Moira tells me, it actually helped. 

"My Lady I am sorry to ask, can you read minds?" She gives a little smile...

"Not exactly, if a clear thought is made, especially if it's related to my duties, I will hear it. But I can look into someone's mind with my third eye." I look at her forehead and don't see any eye.

"No, you will see latter how it works." She answers, why is it I don't know any of this? Damn it mother! You could have at least educated us in these matters. 

Urayoán's mate Freya comes up to me: "Alpha don't worry about offending me, I have never felt better! Now Marius is something different. I am not sure how many people he is trafficking and there is a lot of abuse in the pack. And now that I am mated I have all of Ura's knowledge of why the entire pack is behaving this way." She informs me. By the Goddess! Has he gone off the deep end? I am aware that Marius is not one to be trusted, but this is insane!

"I don't have the manpower right now to raid another Pack demanding the head of their Alpha for crimes that apparently the whole pack is committing anyway! What madness has gotten into him?" What the hell happened to my life?!

"You won't have to do it alone Alpha, Avalon will assist once we have settled our business here and in Karaya... Now come and escort me to wherever these criminals are so I can look to into them and see what sins they have committed. Bayoán I asume you have a record of all of them." She tells us while taking off her cloak revealing a crisp white long chiton style tunic, showing of her chiseled arms and the same ribbon tattoo that crowns her head that starts at her shoulders and goes down her arms to her wrists where there are gold cuff bracelets. 

"Of course My Lady... it's good to know that you still remember how much I love organizing a good execution." This dude is mental, he's just smiling at her and she raises an eyebrow and gives him a glare... Ok, I have a feeling that they have history. 

I can't tell if she rolls her eyes or not, they are completely black. "Await! We have to get started first." And she chants something and two large portals open and dozens of Priestesses emerge.

"Go to High Priestess Yaya, and give her some maná and go to the unicorns, take them to Avalon at once for treatment, I want to know if they dared extract blood from them. Go and wake Loiza and give her maná as well. Make sure your sisters are washed and dressed according to their station. I will not have Priestesses of Avalon looking like beggars and transfer Life Energy to them as necessary. After, I want two teams, one will sweep this entire territory focused on finding any energy that may come from a unicorn even a dead one. The rest of you will accompany...wait... Where is Braka?" Bayoán signals her. "He is also resting, they both drank Hayan drops." 

"Ryoko go wake General Braka, give him maná too. The rest of you accompany General Braka and Urayoán to Mt. Cemí and look for ANYTHING that feels out of place... my dear, I asume that since you are officially Marked and mated to a Twin Soul who is a strong tracker that you have adapted it?" She asks Freya. 

"Yes My Lady, I can assist." She answers. 

"Good then, you are a rouge no more, you are now Freya Gunn, Mate to Urayoán Mirabal and Delta of the Osupa of Karaya Island, both of you treasure this union, I expect great things from you both... Now, Alpha Kayden, Bayoán, take me to the criminals." And just like that the smell of rogue on Freya disappears. Urayoán lifts up his mate and she wraps her legs around his waist and they kiss like newlyweds. Ugh! Seeing them like that makes me yearn for my own mate.

Urayoán composes himself and he and Freya take Marcus to Tatiana. "Don't worry Kayden, Tatiana will sort your brother in no time, like Sandro she is a strong empath and water obeys her like if she were a Priestess or an elemental witch like Morgana." Urayoán says. I give Marcus a little nudge to go with them and he just goes. I fucking hope he doesn't mention our parents or we are screwed and I lead The Lady Moira and Beta Bayoán to the dungeons.
###chapter 36: Mindful
Loiza's POV:

"Loiza! Yo, Izzy wake up!" Shit... how did 2 hours go by? 

"LOIZA WAKE UP!" Son of a bitch!

"I AM AWAKE WHAT THE FUCK?!" And I hear giggling. 

"Good thing too, Ayana was getting a bucket of water!" And I am focusing my eyes on the two figures before me. 

"Cresta! Ayana! What are you doing here?!" And I get up to hug my best friends from Avalon. They decided to continue in Avalon after I left. Cresta is a werejaguar with electric green eyes, milk chocolate skin and her hair is patterned like a Jaguar, she has a voluptuous body which she enhances more by actually walking with her cat like nature. She was left on the dock where you wait for the ferry man to take you to Avalon when she was just a newborn and Ayana is a hybrid fae who is half Faery of Dark Despair half Pan, she's also one of the thousand grandchildren of Lilu, the Faery of Restless Nights and Erotic Dreams. Tall, fair of skin, long pale green hair that surrounds her black twisting pan horns and black eyes. She went back to Avalon because when she returned to the Unseelie Court that idiot Bodach wouldn't leave her alone after they had some lustful fun, but Ayana wants her mate. Last we talked was at the dock when we took Morgana to Avalon, and she was asking for residency in Karaya. 

"We're here for you genius! Half of Avalon is here, even Moira came after your brother called upon the Goddess, he's still not right in the head." Ayana seems exited and that is not like her AT ALL.

"We have been commanded by her Ladyship to get you ready, Yaya is being tended to as well." Cresta tells touching my hair. 

"Her Ladyship?" And I laugh, Cresta HATES calling anyone by title. 

"Yes! She has so commanded it!" And she gives an exaggerated bow. 

"Oh who gives a shit, we brought clothes, new robes, new cloaks and some gold bling for the Priestess allergic to silver!" Ayana says checking out the box with the jewelry. "Izzy, Avalon is making a full investigation on what happened in Karaya... that morning a Prime Priestess lost her Mark but we are trying to figure out who exactly. Apparently everything was timed perfectly, here's some maná, Cressy go fill the tub!" She doesn't change, she just blurts out random information and expects you to just decode it.

"Cress it's fine, I showered before going to sleep..." She looks at me like I'm an idiot. 

"Izzy your hair is disgusting and I can smell there is still grime and...blood? On your skin. I am going to need CLEAN hair to work with!" Awesome! Cressy has magic hands and even if you have never felt ASMR tingles, she WILL make sure that you do. The funny thing is usually when she touches someone, they think that she is their mate because of the pleasurable tingling sensation. So I am not putting up any complaints. 

"Ok, I will surrender to relaxation, ravage me ladies!" And we are laughing like when we were little. 

"Soooo, where IS Moira?" I am in the tub and Cresta is thoroughly washing my hair and Ayana is scrubbing my skin raw. I have no idea how the hierarchy order is going to work now. It won't be until I actually see Moira that my brain will be able to register where I stand with regards to her. And those two idiots start laughing!

"Last we saw she was going to the dungeons with your super hot mate and you're super hot brother... Izzy are you crazy? Naming Bayoán your Beta!" Ayana asks. 

"Like a fox baby! Yeah, Bayo HAS a few loose screws, but he KNOWS his shit from top to bottom, plus he was trained by Dad and was going to be Beta of The Osupa anyway. And yes, I will admit I was a little apprehensive when he did mentioned the Goddess by her name TWICE, but he and Moira have history." I fucking hope I know what I'm doing. 

"I thought he found his mate? Last time you guys went to Avalon you took her." Cresta asks confused now conditioning my hair after two washes. 

"He did! He even has a pup in the oven! That doesn't take away the fact that they have history. He knows how to maneuver her better than anyone I know, they were lovers for a while so he knows her pretty well. He knows what buttons he can push with her, and I intend to use that for the best of my people's benefit." Moira has always had a soft spot for Bayo, she was his first and only love, but she has too many responsibilities and he wanted more, but she chose Avalon. A year latter he found Morgana. He is a crazy mofo, but I trust him fully. And he's not an idiot, he knows perfectly well this is the main reason why I chose him as my Beta. As a Priestess it's kind of hard for me to actually talk smack to Moira, but it's a breeze for him.

"Oh, I'm liking this scheming Izzy, where was SHE all these years?" Cresta says. WHAT?!

"Cresta I KNOW you are not suggesting that I'm dull!" And they start laughing. "Dull? How could I, you spread TOO many fires during fire training 'BY ACCIDENT' to actually be an accident. And that was just that element!"

"How many times did you 'accidently' burn Nesie's hair?" Ayana asks giggling. I hated that arrogant elf and the memory brought a smile to my face..."I don't even remember right now, but it was glorious every single time, Goddess I hated her! Is she here?" That would suck.

"Didn't you hear? She got involved with The Werewolf High Council, she found a werewolf mate and sold her soul... The Goddess took her Mark!" We keep hearing that. 

"WHAT?! She used to bitch non stop about her lineage and how she was a pure-blooded elf through and through, and the Goddess gives her a werewolf mate? That's funny. I still don't understand? How can you have so many years of training and knowing what is what and still want to join the Werewolf High Council especially when you're not even a werewolf?" Even just being a simple Priestess is gruesome training.

"The Council is offering a lot of benefits to anybody who will join them, and I would accept that from anybody, but a Priestess of Avalon knows better. Any Priestess who joins them and gets the Wrath of the Goddess has clearly deserved it!" Ayana makes a good point. Cressy drains the water and Aya is ready with the towel. And I think on Kayden's mother... Urayoán and Maco had told me Kayden's mother is an EX Priestess, that only can mean she committed an act of treason against the will of the Goddess. I am not even supposed to look at her... Is she connected to The Council? So I test the waters.

"My mate's mother lost her Mark as well..." They both freeze. "WHAT?!" "Does Moira know?" "You haven't looked at her right?" "What did she do?" "Could she be working with The Council?" "I must have been an act of great treachery if the goddess took her mark!" 

Yeah, all questions that I have been asking myself. It scares me...does Kayden know? He seems to not be knowledgeable of things I find important. Could HIS mother be involved? Aryn has this urgent natural NEED for her mate. And I want to give in but the pack NEEDS ME. I really need to have words with my mate to at least feel our connection...even when I was angry with him I STILL WANTED his presence. Would Aryn be satisfied with just touching? I have never felt confusion like I have these past 24 plus hours. Bayoán already ordered that I talk to Sandro to be able to have a full profesional opinion of my mental capacity right now. That is another reason I wanted Bayo as my Beta, I know he WILL override any order that is just plain stupid and won't give two shits if I loose my temper. He was trained by Dad himself, and my father's opinion has always been respected by the tribe, I hope that the pack respects my choice. This is hard... even with Bayo on board it STILL feels lonely... I want my mate...

"Good, then I'm not crazy, I have not stopped thinking of that since I was informed, and Yaya and I have been trying to figure out the situation. But all the questions that you asked are the same ones I have. And no, I haven't seen her, I don't know if you understand how busy I have been." And they go in for a group hug. 

"Izzy, were sorry, have you even had the chance to be with your mate?" Ugh!

"No and it's completely frustrating, I WANT to be near him and be Marked and mated, I looked for over a year after I turned 18 and it takes THIS for me to find him only to have all this responsibility shoved at me, it SUCKS BALLS and I am sick of drinking Jading Potion! I WANT him but the circumstances are less than ideal!" And Cresta is already untangling my hair and I already feel relaxed.

"Izzy I can imagine it's hard, especially now that you're an Alpha and your libido is at its highest because your body is asking for an heir. However, it's not worse than what's happening to Maco, his mate still has a long way to heal so Moira ordered he be given a higher dose of Hayan injected into his system so he can at least get 12 hours sleep or risk his mind from shattering... now what do you think? Green or black?" And now I feel like an asshole! Ayana is holding two dresses.

"Black...your right! I'm just being selfish, I don't even want to imagine finding my mate like that...shit, am I being a crybaby or are my needs unreasonable? Ugh! Let's just not talk about it anymore ok?" Cres already feels my tension and puts her hands on my temples and I feel wonderful!

"Girl you better talk with your therapist or get it on with your mate, the Goddess already decreed it, he IS your mate Izzy, and from what Urayoán mentioned he REALLY wants you. What's the worst that can happen?" True, he IS my mate, he is supposed to fullfil my needs in every way according the mate Bond that I am supposed to be awarded as an Osupa, but if I just give in and let nature take it's course I could loose the chance to USE the mating ritual to confirm my suspicion. Ugh! And now I am considering actually infiltrating my mate's mind to gather intel... would I dare use such an intimate moment and betray the mate Bond? If I'm wrong, would Kayden forgive me?

"So Izzy, now that YOU are Cacique of The Osupa...do you think you can get me residency for Karaya now when we fix it up?" Ayana asks. So Moira was ordered to restore Karaya?... is The Goddess's endgame the same as mine, or is mine inspired by her?
###chapter 37: Looking In
Kayden's POV:

We reach the prisoners at the dungeons, The Grand Priestess Moira has her interest on a particular one first. 

"Beta, take me to see Elder Joel at once!" She turned to him when he didn't answer. 

"My Lady, you will get to peak into Elder Joel's mind if you wish, but not right now." She looked at him questioningly. 

"You seriously don't TRUST me to question him before you? You think I would hide foul play?" Bayoán just looks at her.

"Moira, do you seriously expect me to be the same idiot you knew years back?! I will not have you to go near Elder Joel without Yaya and since you dismissed her, I called my own mate, only when Morgana is here will I allow you near him. I am going to make sure to have a Truth Seer I trust at all times." Her face was stone, but I did notice a corner of her mouth switch up slightly. So they definitely have history, as to the nature of it...

"So I am NOT a trusted Truth Seer Beta?" Her voice is giving no emotion. 

"Moira cut the bullshit, you KNOW I'm doing my damn job, so focus on Theo there and see if there are more Unicorns to get! You will get your tour inside Elder Joel's head when I have Morgana here telling me you aren't wiping his mind clean. We have made sure to cut his link to the pack and have monitored him to not allow anyone near him, so don't take it personally your Ladyship!" And she starts laughing at this! And she gives him a large smile. 

"You do know that is THE MAIN reason she chose you as Beta don't you? Can you ever imagine her talking to me like that?" Her face now relaxed and filled with amusement.

"Not in a million years, and then she would be cornered everytime by you. She really fucking hates all the formality and politics of it, she made sure to disjoin herself from that by puting me as her middle man, it's the best way to be Alpha yet not have her loyalty to Avalon questioned... That's a worthy play out of our father's play book! Was this what you expected she would become?" He asks with a smirk and a raised eyebrow. 

"Not quite... I never expected for her to dare name you. It seems your little sister has indeed been doing her homework and paying attention to even attempt to play this game with both Avalon and The Council, I hope for all of our sakes you gide her well." Then looking at me. "Take me to this Theo, I will look into him now." I don't have a Bayoán who can read, understand and retort to the Grand Priestess of Avalon, so of course I lead the way and take her directly to see Theo. I really wish I could speak with my mate... Maybe if I tell her directly maybe they'll allow my parents to be banished? Shit! I wish I didn't know this information! 

"You seem quite tense Alpha." The Priestess tells me. Yeah no shit! "I just wish to be able to at least speak with my mate, it has been... hard." She stops us.

"Are you telling me that you have yet to have a conversation with Loiza?" She looks from me to Bayoán. He just shrugs. 

"That would be correct My Lady." And it's driving me crazy. Look I get that they have been trained to deal with this but even her brother found his Twin Soul and with the blink of an eye they were Marked and mated. I want to at least hold my mate and inhale her scent to feel alive again, feel like I can handle all of this insanity. 

"Bayoán! This can't go on. Loiza is not only an Alpha but she is a Priestess of the Goddess, those urges that are put for mates are there for a reason and it's more intense for Alphas, this could hurt THEM more. They need to talk and have contact, make it happen! And I don't want to hear this Osupa code of how The Pack comes first Beta, I am in a foul disposition and am about to go in the mind of a slaver. I hope I have made myself clear!" 

He gives her a dashing smile... "Of course My Lady." Then he just gives me a death stare: "Tattletale!" Asshole... 

We reach Theo's cell, he got roughed up by some of the boys, oh well. The Lady Moira puts her hands on either side of Theo's head and her black eyes turn fully white as does Theo's. A few moments go by and their eyes go to their respective color, the Priestess looked at him with disgust and she looks sick. She leaves the cell and looks at the rest of the cells and goes to the next to last. "Open this cell! He isn't one of them." 

Inside there is a young wolf and I notice he isn't Blood Moon, he is malnourished. Who brought him in? I open the cell and get the silver chains of him. She goes to him and looks into him..."Get him treatment, he is of Blue Moon and knows where they are keeping another unicorn. That's why they made you believe he was one of them, if he is executed with the others, this information dies with him. Alpha Kayden the Goddess has willed that it shall be by your hand that the criminals shall die. The Sword of Peace is a cursed relic and any who die by it's blade go to Hades's torture chamber." To the rest of the prisoners... "I hope you all enjoyed the torture, humiliation and rape you have bestowed upon the innocent, you will live it yourselves forever, I have been inside of this vermin's mind and see your faces, I can not wait to visit Hades next month and see what is left of your souls." 

"So, I have to behead them? I usually just pull their heart out or cut their throat." I ask puzzled. 

"Kayden, if you kill them without the sword they go to the Realm of Selene, she doesn't want slavers in her realm. When unforgivable acts are committed, the Goddess demands death by this sword." Would they condemn my parents to die by this sword?

"I understand, do you wish this be done now?" As long as I can speak with Loiza I'll do anything at this point. 

"No, today we honor our dead, we shan't have our ceremony disturbed by vermin blood." Bayoán said with venom in his tone. At that moment his mate, the witch arrived and curtsied the Lady Moira. 

"My Lady, it is an honor to meet you again." Morgana said full of respect. "MY mate informs me you wish to peak inside the mind of Elder Joel?" The Priestess examines her and give her a pleasant smile. The emphasis on MY did not escape me.

"Yes, it's time to get on with that business and see what happened... your mate trusts your judgment entirely, it seems he needs you at his side for the big choices." Ok I feel tension... Morgana gives her the same pleasant smile. 

"Not big choices, only important ones like she is to me My Lady." He takes his mate's hand giving it a tender kiss while looking at her and Morgana in turn kept looking at Moira with the same smile. And I can definitely tell what's going on, no wonder Loiza wanted Bayoán as her Beta, it's not just because he is her brother, but everything points that he and the Priestess were an item, this helps greatly with the politics of Avalon leaving her free to deal with The Council... brilliant! No wonder they laughed it off earlier. 

"Let's just see who the culprit is already, maybe we can execute him or her with the slavers." Bayoán takes his mates hand and guides her to where they have their Elder. When we get there the Elder is silent and at first glance seems asleep, however he was just quiet. Moira goes to him and the same thing that happened with Theo occurs... Bayoán looks at Morgana but she gives a gloomy look and shakes her head. 

"His memory has been fully erased, and from what I can see, he was a puppet too, you say Urayoán found Joel's scent as the strongest?" And for a moment I see Bayoán's eyes turn gold, his wolf clearly not happy with the outcome, yet he stayed calm and instructed one of their warriors to escort Elder Joel for memory recovery therapy. We escorted the women outside. "Yes... if Joel was in fact a puppet? What kind of magic is needed for this?! That was anti climatic and Joel will probably never get his memories back, yet they can possibly map out his last 48 hours." Bayoán said raking his hair back, his eyes still gold, he closes them as he takes his mate in his arms and takes a deep breath from the crook of her neck where I imagine his Mark is. When he comes up again he opens them and they are black again. I could really use my mate's scent right now. 

"I feel Blood Magic over all of this... only a Prime Priestess could have caused the cataclysm, but the moment Blood Magic is conducted she would loose her Mark. We have ONE Priestess who lost her Mark that day, so we can asume Joel's loss of memory and puppet status was achieved another way." She said. 

"How many witches does The Council employ?" Morgana interjects. "There IS a spell in my Great grandmother's book, that can indeed perform this magic."

"Yes, Morgaine Le Fey would have that spell, but with her almost pure fae blood she could perform it alone, yet for ordinary witches it would take a full pentagram to perform, so it would take 5. Beta, are you willing to send spies into The Council?" She asks. 

"My Lady this is something that I would not dare move into action without the Alpha's order, I will wait to bring this matter to Loiza. However we have some skins we need turned into drum heads, could you be so kind to assign Priestesses for this?" He asks now rubbing his face clearly frustrated. 

"Avalon is here to help, I will put a Priestess to do this and I must go to Karaya and continue with the investigation and you will see to it that Loiza has some time with her mate." She states giving me a sympathetic look. "It will help BOTH of them to be in each other's company, I am not saying for a mating ritual, but they need to talk and get to know each other. If the Goddess mated them in this particular moment it means that each has something the other needs. Make it happen Beta." Thank YOU Lady of the Lake!

"After the ceremony tonight Loiza had put time aside to have time with her mate. Fret not My Lady, it will be as you say." Tonight? It feels like a decade since I found my mate even though it was just yesterday. I will finally fucking TALK with her, maybe even touch her. 'Kayden, will you tell her about mother?' Deacon asks. Shit...
###chapter 38: The General's Mate
Braka's POV:

I have been General of The Osupa for 4 years, ever since I was 28...after a decade of looking for my mate I gave up the search to dedicate my life to my Pack, my Alpha and my country. I will admit, it gets lonely... I even though about starting the search again with Alpha Gúarionex's blessing and leave Commander Bruno as acting General. All that went to dust yesterday.

I once had a relationship with the beautiful warrior Wen Yue, yet when Jorge came back from extensive training outside of Karaya for years, it turned out that they were mates. I was happy for Yue, I still am and Jorge is one of our best warriors and treats her like a queen. I still look at her and remember how loving she was, but I understood. The Mate Bond will always be stronger than anything we had, we were together for 2 years and we never even had a pup scare, yet she finds her mate and gets pregnant on their first Heat. Not that people who aren't mates can't procreate, it's just that the Bond assures it. 

A knock on the door wakes me from my thoughts, it's been a while since I have even though about it. I was supposed to sleep, but it never came, even with the Hayan drops. I should have tried to sleep, the Cacique needs me alert. We haven't given the title of Cacique to any Alpha for over a century, yet both the Pack and I consider her worthy. When the Lady Loiza returned from Avalon I saw her father's drive and instinct in her as well as her mother's prowess, Kiskeya was an Alpha herself in power and was a skilled assassin... Urayoán and Loiza are as silent killers as she was, their stealth comes from her as well as their speed, their sister Suania also inherited this trait from their mother. She has been one of my most determined pupils, she was already powerful when she returned, yet I knew she had the potential for greatness. I hope that my hope on her as a backbone for the pack not be wrong. 

I go to the door and a Priestess of the Goddess with aquamarine curls and eyes is waiting... "Are you General Braka?" 

"Hello, yes, how may I help you My Lady?" I ask. 

"The Lady Moira is here and wishes your presence." So Avalon finally decided to intervene, I guess Bayoán's bravado paid off.

"I will be there at once!" I get dressed and head towards where I know where the Beta is yet something stops me in my tracks. For a moment I got the very enticing scent of sea breeze and cinnamon. I feel Daemon not allowing me to go on until the scent is found. 'Daemon we will investigate the scent latter, the Lady Moira is here, we will get Karaya back!' He is not having it. 'No Braka! It's HER and you want to wait? She is close and we have waited too long if we get back home we take her with us now go and find her NOW!' Well damn! And the scent becomes stronger and now I don't need Daemon to push me, the scent is intoxicating and I start jogging towards it. 

I notice that I am going towards the pack house, I accelerate my pace. Suddenly a vision of a goddess is standing at the door, she is tall, with a lean yet muscular body, caramel skin, a long black braid and black almond eyes...she starts running towards me! I can't help myself and start running too. And she jumps directly into my arms wrapping her arms around my neck and legs around my waist and smacks her lips to mine! I can't describe what I feel except for BLISS. 

"Where have you been?! I had almost lost hope!" She says while kissing me all over my face and neck and I tighten my grip on her around her waist and lift her up kiss her again. 

"I could say the same my lovely mate, I have been looking for you for 14 years! What's your name beloved?" I start kissing her long neck, I feel her pulse accelerating, I feel my heart exploding!

"I am Helena, and you?" She has such a smooth, silky voice... "I am Braka, Helena." I wanted to try out the name I would say till the day I die. And I hear a soft sigh escape her lips and I want her, I want to claim her then and there, I feel Daemon's need to Mark her and I remember why I am there and where I was going, and catch my breath.

"Beloved, I have to go just now but I would like to meet later, do you have a phone? I will call you." I really want to stay with her, but the pack comes first and if Loiza is controlling her need to go to her mate and not abandoning the pack, then so can I.

"Yes! Of course, I came because your Alpha wishes to speak with me regarding training my little sister as a Priestesses Handmaid and now Kendra is really looking forward to it." She explains while I am grabbing her ass making sure she doesn't slip and get a feel for the goods. I kiss her lips again, she is so beautiful and she is MINE! 

"Then come with me my ladies, we will sort this out!" I get to stay with her! And walking out of the pack house the two girls from earlier. "So the young Kendra is your sister?" She gets on the ground while I help her down resting my hands on her waist. She leaves her arms around my neck...

"Yes, poor Kendra wanted to be Priestess of the Goddess like our mother, but failed her trials but she is still very interested in serving the Goddess." She brings her arms down and they claim my waist as I have hers. 

"Wait, your mother WAS a Priestess?" Urayoán and Maco do have reason to feel uneasy about what's going on with this pack's Priestesses. 

"Yes, she died as she gave birth to Kendra." A Priestess dying in childbirth is very, very rare they are beloved by the Goddess. 

"I am so sorry to hear that my love, let's go where I have been summoned, the Prime Priestess of Avalon will be there, and if she is here the Alpha will be summoned too." I take her hand and put my other arm over Kendra, "You are as a sister now to me as well little one, if either of you need ANYTHING just come to me, ok?" Kendra starts to tear up and I look at my beautiful Helena not understanding and I see her eyes glazed but firmly looking forward. 

"Did I say something wrong love?" And she hugs my waist again, hard..."No, everything you said was perfect, it's just...it's really only been just Kendra and me forever and I hadn't found my mate, so we kind of thought it would just be us and now that you are here we feel like we can have the type of family we wanted." If it was only them, then my sweet mate raised her little sister. 

"Well, the family is bigger... I had an older brother who passed in the tragedy but his mate and my niece and nephews survived. In fact my niece Cleo and their mother Alma are here, you two are alone no more, I will protect you both." And I squeeze Helena smelling her scent helping to soothe me. And I feel sweet Kendra wanting comfort, her filial bond to her sister and her sister's mate Bond to me made me aware and I pull her in so she understands that she has family besides her sister who will be devoted to her. Then I notice young Jolene standing alone. And I am so happy that I pull her in too and squeeze all three. 

"Ok, come ladies let's sort this and anything else that awaits us, Alma has been receiving mate loss grief counseling, but I know Cleo is working directly with the Alpha and Beta on a mission, maybe you ladies could meet her now." I was so happy to have my mate and a little sister as a bonus and I am going to do everything in my power to give them the happiness I feel they need. I link Bayoán to see where they are and we head towards the medic tent. Where there were several people gathered, but the Alpha and Lady Yaya aren't in the crowd but the Lady Moira is, I bow to the Grand Prime Priestess of the Goddess, salute the Beta and greet Alpha Kayden and Morgana. 

"My Lady I received word you summoned for me so here I am." She looks me up and glances at Helena.

"General, congratulations are in order it seems, your long wait has been Blessed by the Goddess, your mate is quite lovely." She says with her usual stone cold face and tempered voice.

"Thank you My Lady, her mother was a Priestess herself and her young sister was chosen for the trials, however she wishes to serve the Goddess as a Priestess Handmaid but needs the proper training. Alpha Loiza has assured training for the girl." She looks at Kendra up and down. 

"Did she? It seems Loiza's Alpha status has emboldened her beyond what I would have suspected." She gestures another Priestess. "Alpha Loiza and Lady Yaya have had enough time to to be presentable, go summon them at once." The Priestess curtsies Moira and heads to the pack house. 

"By the Goddess Moira, it's just two girls who wish to serve and both Loiza and Yaya have offered to train them, it's not like Avalon provided them with anyone to assist in their duties as it SHOULD be." Bayoán replied to the Lady Moira, Loiza knew what she was doing on naming him as her Beta.

"TWO girls! Who does Loiza think she is to make such decisions?" Her voice no longer tempered and controlled. 

"She is the Cacique of The Osupa Blessed by the Goddess My Lady, so I suggest you take it up with the Goddess herself!" Bayoán snaps back. 

"You are overstepping Beta!" Moira almost roars at him, but before she could reply I notice Alpha Kayden's eyes looking pass me.

"How nice that we are all getting along to solve such a momentous tragedy! My Lady am so pleased that Avalon has decided to join the frey!" I turn and see Loiza curtsy to the Lady Moira, looking like a queen in a black one shoulder gown with a black cloak with the hood down and her hair in a fish braid over her shoulder, gold cuff bracelets and something I have not seen since I was a boy... the gold Guanín medallion which shows her status as Cacique of the Osupa. Last I saw the medallion it was in a glass at the Museum of Natural History of Karaya, no Alpha in over a century has used it. I wonder how it ended around her neck.

"By the command of the Goddess, General." The Lady Moira answers. I know she can read certain thoughts. 

"What command of the Goddess My Lady?" Loiza asks.

"That you wear the Guanín, Cacique." And to my shock Moira returns the courtesy with her voice calm and her face stone once again. And I am not the only one who noticed, Bayoán side glances Moira with curiosity.
###chapter 39: New Standing
###chapter 39: New Standing

Loiza's POV: 

The moment I looked into Moira's black eyes my brain registered my place in the hierarchy compared to her, I saw a hint of surprise in those unyielding eyes. I am no longer a subordinate of Avalon but to the Goddess herself... just like Moira. We were in equal footing, neither less or more than the other. I still don't think I could snap at her like Bayoán does, she was my mentor, my guide in the Misteries, she molded me from childhood to be powerful and even though she's a thought bitch to handle, I respect her.

I notice the expressions of those there when she curtsies me. Never would I imagine the Grand Prime Priestess of Avalon to curtsy to me, a plain Priestess. But she had no choice, by not acknowledging the position where the Goddess has placed me she risks angering her. I unconsciously gulp hard but give her a pleasant smile. I see Kayden with the corner of my eye and feel myself blush, I feel his need and satisfaction to my blush...shit, I have to keep it together but I MUST talk with him soon, to feel the blissful contact I felt from him yesterday. Yesterday... so much in such a short amount of time. 

"My Lady, I was surprised when the Guanín was placed around my neck, it is an heirloom of our people...maybe I could wear it in more formal occasions." And I wait to hear by what title she will address me. 

"Cacique, you have been commanded by the Goddess that you should wear it everytime eyes other than your mate's look upon you... at least for now." And my blush deepens, shit, she could have worded it another way, I can feel Kayden's pleasure at those words and I involuntarily glance at him and a small sigh left my lips just as his gave me a seductive smile. Keep it together Mirabal thousands of lives rest on your shoulders and I am able to look away and control my blush.

"You will have time with your mate later Cacique I swear by the Goddess, we have important matters to discuss now." She says, I nod.

"We have prepared one of the tents to plan our next move sister, it's time we took what our people sacrificed and bled for centuries ago." And I turn to see Ura with a girl with his same scent. 

"Ura! You found your mate?... a Twin Soul!" And I embrace him, I know how much he has wanted his mate, but a Twin Soul is a rare Blessing indeed. I look at the girl and I hug her as well. "Welcome to our family sister!"

"I am honored to finally meet you in person Alph--" I cut her off.

"No, you are my sister, you don't have to refer to me by title, what's your name?" She takes my hands and squeezes them, exactly like Ura does when he wants to reassure me. She is basically him as much as he is her and I squeeze her hands back and it's as I have known her my whole life. I look at Ura again and link to him all the happiness and congratulations I can and he returns his love. And Maco's Jane Doe pops in my head... I have to check her progress after we are done with this and I am grateful Moira ordered more sleep for him.

"I am Freya sister. But I also swear my fealty to you, to The Osupa, to Karaya and to Avalon. I had no home or hope before, all of you have given me more in hours than I have ever had." I kiss her cheeks and embrace her again. 

"Cacique, I have the reports on the organization of the military branches the one for OPIA (Osupa Pack Intelligence Agency) are in the tent with Director Gloria." Braka informs me. Sigh, to have to deal with Gloria is not something I am looking forward to, last we spoke it ended in unpleasant terms. However it is imperative to have her insight, she knows the location of every one of our spies over the world, our intelligence network has been crucial in our survival.

"Have they contacted the ships with the rest of our people?" We are scattered over the globe.

"Yes Cacique, they are standing by awaiting your orders." He says. It's time we get our shit together.

"Then let's go to the tent. Alpha Kayden I feel you are in dire need of rest. If we are to speak later you should take some time to sleep and regain your strength. It is my wish that you are well and that you accept a gift from me, do you accept it?" I feel his pulse rise and he steps forward, I can see him raise a hand to reach out to me... I need to keep my mind clear but one touch shouldn't be a big deal, right? Also I don't want to embarrass him here, I step forward and put my hand in his and I feel every vein in my body spark and to my surprise he pulls me to him. We are so close I feel his breath, it takes all my will power to hold on to myself. 

"I will accept ANYTHING from you Love." He whispers in my ear and I feel every hair in my body on edge, still I hold. As his head is so close... "Then go rest, my gift is my best healer who will assure you find dreamless sleep to restore your strength until sun down for The Gathering and Feast for the dead, we will speak after, alright?" I whisper back and cup his cheek. He closes his eyes and takes a deep breath of my scent and I of his, which actually helps me calm my mind a bit. 

"Yes my love, I will await for you latter." He whispers breathless filling my stomach with butterflies.

"Then go, I will count the hours." And I let go of his hand with as much strength I can muster I step back. I order Daniella to accompany him, it shouldn't take her too long to help him and I can feel he really needs it. I make sure that they are headed to the pack house and see him look back giving me another glance and I give him a smile. And I turn to the others. 

"Shall we go to the tent and fix this mess already?" I am eager to set everything into motion.

And they lead me to where the now command tent is. 'That was a risk you took by taking his hand.' Of course Bayo would give me shit for that. 'A necessary one brother, do YOU want Kayden in that tent?' And he looks at me surprised. And gives me an thoughtful nod approving my tactic. 'Damn Izzy, when did you get so smart?' 'Don't test me right now idiot, my mind is overwhelmed as it is!'
###chapter 40: The Growing After the Reap 
Loiza's POV:

When we enter the tent I see Gloria with Claudia and Ameyro, thank the Goddess they made it out alive! And I remember that Natalia, Lola and Umbros, my cousins are in France on an important mission, our Tía is missing, I hope she's in the boats... All three in the tent stand and bow.

"Cacique we are ready for your command." Gloria says. She is the best at what she does and for that she has my utmost respect, she can be hard to work with but I understand that her experience has been forged by years of study, observation and her Beta blood. She always keeps her dark blond hair in a short bob and her olive green eyes are as stern as ever, but as Alpha I sense how tired she is. I can only imagine the lengths of effort she has gone through to contact every spy... or at least tried. When I worked for OPIA she would always make sure to know the status of every spy and their exact location on the planet in case of an emergency extraction. That is something we are SURE The Council doesn't know... we have our own satellite in orbit. I only hope that it's command center wasn't fully destroyed, I am hoping it contains images of what happened that day. But first we need to get to it.

"I hope there is no bad blood between us Director." She can be a bitch at times but Gloria is no traitor and has dedicated a great deal to improve our methods.

"None Cacique, water under the bridge. You are our Alpha and we follow you to take back our home and avenge our dead." Good to know. And I smile at her giving her a respectful bow as well and she smiles back.

"Good, where are we now?" Bayoán proceeds to tell me all that has happened. And I make sure not to show my disappointment at Joel's non testimony. Damn it!

"I will go with General Braka, Ura and other trackers and a dozen Priestesses to Karaya to search for anything we can find. If The Council is involved in this we will find it." Moira assures.

Braka steps forward: "Cacique before we move on, about the girls who want training to be Handmaids..." And I suddenly notice them in the tent with a beautiful, very tall warrior.

"What are they doing here General?" The hell! This is supposed to be Top Secret.

"It seems you and Yaya made some promises Loiza... What were you thinking?" Moira snaps at me, I knew it wouldn't last very long...

"Cacique I just wanted to get it out of the way before we proceed." And I notice him grazing hands with the warrior. He finally found his mate! And now that I notice more closely she is almost identical to Kendra.

"Well it seems everyone is finding their mates! Congratulations General! What is your name Warrior?" Now it makes sense, he wants to basically do the same I did with Kayden but with HIS mate...I HAD told Kendra to get her sister.

"It's Helena, Alpha I just came because Kendra said you needed my permission and I am giving it." She says.

"Yes! Of course, you must forgive me Helena my mind is in many places at once. I am glad you are giving your permission---"

"And by who's authority are you making these promises Loiza?!" Moira snaps at me AGAIN... and now that I know where we stand in the hierarchy I feel a little emboldened.

"By MY OWN Moira! Avalon didn't provide me with assistance and since Yaya trained her own daughter I decided to take the girls under my wing, WHAT is the problem?" And I notice Bayoán smiling full of pride. 'Maybe you don't need me at all sister.' He links. 'DON'T start!' And he just continues to smile while Moira has her stone cold face. I have never called her by her name before EVER and she can't say shit about it.

"You are not qualified to train Handmaids." Ugh!

"My Lady we have much bigger matters to deal with and not much time, are we REALLY going to argue over two girls getting training to assist me? And before you answer I suggest you dig deep to give me a satisfactory answer as to your objection." I am not in the mood for petty bullshit. But she doesn't seem to have any until she gives me EXACTLY what I want!

"You have no time for that now, they will be trained in Avalon with professionals." Check!

"Now that is indeed a magnificent solution My Lady! I accept your proposal, I guess that's why it is you who rules over Avalon!" And before she can change the rules..."So, Jolene, Kendra, Helena, would you like to join our pack? That way Jo and Kendra will train under the protection of Avalon and not be in the middle of this frey!" And for the first time in my life I see Moira surprised and it tastes so sweet.

"Yes!" All three say in unison. I wanted to laugh my ass off! But Bayoán actually did.

"Good then that is settled, let's get this over with so we can actually get to business. Let's get you all sworn in the pack and you two packing to Avalon!" And I lead them outside where Cresta and Ayana are.

"Guys, I need somethings from the kitchens to swear three new members to our pack, can you help me?" I tell them what I need and they head out. Ayana can escort the girls to Avalon since she has the ability to open portals.

They come back quickly with the items I asked for. It's very simple, a bronze chalice, red wine and my blood. I pour the wine in the chalice and hand it to Cressy to hold while I extend out one of my claws and cut a vein of my wrist and allow the blood to pour in until the cut heals. I take the chalice and my Mark shines orange heating the wine and blood. I hand Helena the chalice... "Ok ladies, all you have to do is take a deep drink and say: 'By the Blessings of the Goddess I swear my life to The Osupa of Karaya Island of our free will and by the blessing of it's Alpha.' And voilá you are Osupa.

All three swear the oath and their connection to Blood Moon ends and they are now in The Osupa network and they are linked to the pack. Some that were in the tent stand to witness including Moira. And while Braka lifts his mate and kisses her I tell the girls to go home and pack, they should be around one year in Avalon.

"When you are done packing, my friend Ayana will port you to the dock at Avalon and The Lady Moira will assign you a teacher to instruct you, Helena will you be ok with Kendra gone for about a year?" I say ignoring Moira's glare.

"She has wanted to go to Avalon since very little, when I would tell her the stories our mother told me of it and was devastated when she failed her trials." To this Moira IS curious.

"Your mother was a Priestess?" She asks.

"Yes My Lady, sadly she died giving birth to Kendra, I imagine it was the strain from the jurn---"

"A Priestess dying of childbirth?! That is near imposible, no matter the strain of a jurney and she died HERE? What was your mother's name child?" About time she understands that there is something going on here.

"My mother was Su Mei, My Lady." And I see Moira's jaw tense.

"Your mother was a High Priestess trained by myself! What's happening in this pack? Nevermind, we will investigate this as well. Take the girls to pack everything they have, they shan't be coming to this pack again. Ayana go with them and take the girls to Avalon and deliver them to Ryoko, she will mentor them, understood?" I wink at Ayana.

"Yes My Lady." She replies with a curtsie. Goddess, I always hated doing that and it's basically the fucking first thing they teach you in Avalon.

"Thank you for this Ayana, when you return we will talk about your request, ok?" I want her to know that I have her back and make sure that she has an excuse to return quickly, I would like her to be The Guardian of the Eastern Cardinal temple. And she smiles back in understanding. And with that Helena kisses Braka one more time before going with the girls and Ayana. Whatever happens now, both girls will be safe, Braka will be able to have alone time with his mate and Moira is now committed with my plan. Having her Priestesses under any threat, she WILL take it personally.

"Wonderful! Now shall we begin this already?" Now that I know Moira and Avalon will stand with us I am more determined than ever to get our fucking island back and our revenge...
###chapter 41: The Next Move
Bayoán POV:

Well it seems Moira was right, Loiza has been doing her homework, but to see her stand up to Moira and turn her to not just help because the Goddess commands it, but to twist her to take a more active role in our cause was executed splendidly... if Dad and Uncle Gúarionex could see her they would very proud of her. I'M proud of her! It is a great honor as a Beta to serve an Alpha worthy of the title, yet she is more than just a mere Alpha now. She is a Cacique whom even the Goddess has ordered to carry the very symbol of royalty of our people. What plan does Selene have for her? We all walk back in the tent after Braka's mate and the girls leave with Ayana. 

Yaya walks in the tent also in black robes and cloak, she will lead the ceremony tonight and her and Loiza are in mourning attire. And I notice her registering Loiza's hierarchy status compared to Moira and lowers her face to hide her smile. 

"Director, has OPIA been able to locate our people?" Izzy goes straight to business. 

"Not all Alpha, but we have been able to find most and have sent messages using our satellite and relaying it with the comms systems in the ships." Gloria answers. 

"And what is the status of the ships? Who is in charge of the fleet now?" And I sense Loiza wants to account where every member of the pack is. 

"They are led by Casimar Cacique, they are regrouping in the new rendezvous off the coast of Belize." And Izzy closes her eyes for a moment and nods in approval her eyes searching her mind. Casimar was her oficial intended mate... But when she turned 18 it turned out he wasn't destined to be her mate. He took it pretty badly.

"Congratulations General, the fleet could do no better that Admiral Brutus's own son who stood by his father and has an impecable record. I am sure your nephew will serve Karaya with honor as his father before him." The loss of Brutus was a hard blow, but Casimar is an able Alpha with sea legs better than any pirate and is knowledgeable in all seafaring techniques. Even without technology he can sail anywhere following just the stars, just like the first Osupa searching for our new home. His brother Dagüao, a Delta is also a gifted sailor and his younger brother Hatuey, a Gamma is among the spies not yet found. Thankfully Cleo, a Gamma is here with us, and a fist fight with her means knowing your face will take days to heal. Braka trained both her and Izzy together.

"Is there anything else to report, General, Director?" I ask both. And Gloria signals to Tatiana to come forward. 

"What have you to report Tatiana?" Izzy asks.

Tatiana bows to her: "Cacique, I have been treating the Blood Moon's Beta's condition and am a bit disturbed at my findings. I have used the best of my skill and he is now resting peacefully, yet things he would say in the treatment were... confusing. And I notice Loiza and Yaya share a glance.

"What did he say Tatiana? Is it related to us?" Loiza is quick to ask. 

"Sincerely Alpha, I'm not quite sure. But I do have my suspicions. At first it was as though his mind was blank, I administered a clear water cleanse to soothe his mind until he became responsive. And he started rambling on how 'they' cursed this pack and that the Goddess is punishing the pack for 'their' sins and started apologizing. I proceeded with caution as to not twist his mind more until he was able to hold a conversation, however as his mind settled more and he became more aware he would change the subject. Since his mind was still very jumbled I decided to stop so that he may rest and continue tomorrow, so I made sure to put stress blockers on his temples and administered 5 hours of Hayan drops so he may rest." Izzy crosses her arms over herself as if she was cold. 

"Why did you not push for more answers?" I ask.

"Because he is now my patient, to push forward in that moment could have cost a nervous breakdown to which we would not have been able to gather any information at all. This way his mind will rest and I will be able to have a session with him tomorrow to go more in-depth about what we spoke of today. I am a professional Beta, I know my craft." Can't argue with her professional opinion, I am no expert at repairing someone's mind. 

"You say he was apologizing to us, did he mention as to why?" And I sence a bit of fear in Izzy's voice.

"No, just that 'they' had cursed the pack with 'their' actions. I will continue treating him tomorrow, both his body and mind needed rest." And Izzy is deep in thought. 

"We can always interrogate him or have the Lady Moira look into him." I interject.

"You forget yourself brother! He is Beta of the pack who is hosting us, he is brother to their Alpha and brother to ME as my mate just like I love and treat your mate as my own kin! Before I decide on how to move forward I need more proof as to the nature of the source of this gilt." She has a point, Izzy has always treated Morgana as family, worrying about Maco's nameless mate and now with Freya. I guess I am being unfair.

"Then what do you suggest sister?" I ask grinding my teeth, I have just about HAD IT with this pack!

"I will talk with Kayden tonight to see if he gives up any information of his own volution." And I give a laugh. This is a very timid action.

"And what makes you think he will do THAT Loiza? He wants you as his Luna of this cursed place! I say we interrog--"

"NO! And I will not hear of that again! He is my mate, I will speak with him tonight, if I am not satisfied with his answers I will move to my next plan." Always stubborn as a mule!

"And pray tell us sister, what plan is that?!" What is she thinking? But I see her face darken as if her next move could make or break everything and her eyes glaze a bit. And I am regretting my tone and...

SMACK! Morgana just smacks the back of my head. "HEY!"

Loiza pinches the bridge of her nose. "I have a plan but will not mention it until I have more evidence. Now, when will the team leave for Karaya to get said evidence?"

"We leave at your command Cacique." Braka answers. And Ura looks confused. 

"Wait, are you guys saying that what happened was not natural? It was the volcano." He just doesn't understand the things that can be done.

"Ura do you think I'm not connected to the Earth?! I make sure to be connected to it every day! I guard The Southern Cardinal Temple... in the back there is a hut where I prepare every herb, every ingredient to every single sacred potion I make, it doesn't have a floor, just the ground. I work there barefoot for hours always connected to the Earth, the same thing at Yaya's Temple in the West. We do this to make sure that we are connected and are able to notice changes or any type of variation within the planet. And in the records of every Priestess before us never once has there ever been a mention of Mt. Cemí EVER being active. Also the professors at the University are always monitoring the mountain. I've already read the reports from Profesor Rosa, there was no activity till exactly 4:30 yesterday morning.

"You and me have been in many missions brother, when have you ever seen me stray from my mathematical equations? I know that you still want to see me as that brat who caught your damn pigeon, but I know damn well you know who I really am. This was Foul Play, don't you fucking understand? They tried to wipe us out or at least drive us away from our home!

"We already have suspicion! I just need evidence. If The Council is trying to take Karaya, if they have access to our tech that's checkmate! Our technology is what gives us an edge. Plus Karaya has been Blessed by the Goddess herself. It's literally Hallowed Ground. We can't allow them to have it. We MUST take it back! These are just precautions and to let my Beta understand how 'TIMID' I can be. Nothing is set in stone yet." And she glares at me, she heard that I thought that talking to Kayden was timid. I rake my hair regretting that.

"We are vulnerable right now. We have not been able to assess the island. We don't know what mechanisms are active or not. We don't even know if The Council has already accessed it! We need to move now or loose the upper ground! My Lady, General, please go now, we need information." In that we are in agreement... Avalon should have moved immediately to investigate, what was Moira thinking taking her sweet time?

"Loiza, maybe some spies can infiltrate The Council and get the evidence we need while we investigate Karaya?" Interesting, Moira is asking, not commanding.

"WHAT?! Not a chance! What part of us being sitting ducks did you not get?" And Moira's expression is priceless. Izzy is indeed getting bolder with her. But she is right!

"If Osupa spies are discovered, The Council will have the excuse they need to declare war and finish us! Get the evidence we need from Karaya itself so that we have a more clear picture of how to proceed My Lady, Braka take as many Warriors you see fit." I tell Moira... it was her own slow response which has us here. 

"And My Lady..." Izzy adds. "If you can repair the damage by the lava and recover the bodies of the fallen we will be most grateful. That way IF our tech is still there I will send every Zeta, Theta, Iota, Rho and Sigma to make any repairs needed, we will need the BEST tech engineers Blessed by the earth to get the island up and running." Moira nods, she knows what is at stake.

"Loiza, I am truly sorry Avalon didn't move faster---" Moira starts.

"It's DONE! We must focus on NOW... please Moira, just go help get us evidence and making us WHOLE again and never forget again that Karaya's and Avalon's fates are intertwined. You know The Council wants us both down, they keep mingling with other Supernatural species for a reason. I have a suspicion that The Werewolf Council will no longer belong to werewolves exclusively very soon, it's time to put pettiness aside and work as one. Does that sound like a reasonable ascertainment Mi Lady?" Moira sighs and nods, damn... this is my baby sister! Dad always told me to never underestimate her... after coming back from Avalon they would spend a lot of alone time fixing Abuelo's car... but he and I had already fixed it. He had dismantled it with Izzy and they put it back together, it was always a TEST. Of all our siblings it was only Maco, Izzy and myself who succeeded in getting it working. And now from beyond the grave father's words are as firm as ever, I won't underestimate her again... Blessed Be.
###chapter 42: Amelia
Yaya's POV:

"Then let's not waste anymore time, go now and be careful, we don't know yet if The Council has already infiltrated Karaya and it's a small island but 55 x 35 miles is still a lot of ground to cover so go with care and may the Goddess guide you. OPIA will keep track by satellite to make sure we have eyes on you at all times." Izzy is doing better that even I could have imagined. The girl has always had a firm head and a quick study with equally quick wits, I will see to it that she is High Priestess before the year's end she has always had the drive and ability.

"Director keep on the search for the rest of our people, if they have assignments that can be postponed please tell them to meet the fleet at the Rendezvous point, I want to make sure that every single member of our pact is accounted for. I don't want any single one to be out alone in the open, however, is their retreat signifies any type of danger to themselves or to any mission they are in, they are to continue. Just reassure them that if they wish to return they can do so without fear of any dishonor. To be honest I'd rather have the pack regroup. With the Priestesses rehabilitating Karaya and the threat of The Council looming we will need as many Osupa defending Karaya from another attack or posible invasion." 

And Gloria bows with a heart fist salute, last they spoke they where in a shouting match because Iza got tired of the constant travel of either spying or serving as ambassador. The girl is 19 but everyone seems to forget that. Even I know it was unfair to name her Alpha, but she is the only one I trust and hasn't failed yet. 

We leave the tent and I see Izzy look towards the pack house, I know she is worried of the answers she might find tonight talking to her mate. We don't have a pack house in Karaya, since we have been defending ourselves from posible sea invaders for centuries, we took the design the Spaniards for their forts and the Cacique's home is called The Cacique's Fort in the South West side of the island. For the first few years of us taking Karaya as our own, it housed every wolf, little over a thousand. Then we built a city around it and kept expanding, the island has land to house at least a million people.

"Let's go to the medic tent, I wish to see how Maco's mate is doing, as long as she is in that condition I won't be able to count fully on him, and I really could use his help right now." We head in that direction and see Cresta coming over in black robes and cloak as well. 

"I saw you earlier in your favorite electric green cloak Cresta, what happened? Got into a darker mood?" Cresta, Izzy and Ayana are good girls... until they are together. Then they make sure to keep you on your toes.

"Oh lookie, Yaya grew a sence of humor! How ever will I stop laughing! Nice try old woman!" And she, Izzy and Bayoán start laughing. 

"Cressy! C'mon you know Yaya sucks at getting a punchline!" And they laugh again...

"Oh you two are just too hysterical for me." They are young, no need to take their humor to escape all this uncertainty.

"Yaya, I just want to show respect, the Osupa are in mourning." She says.

"And you're not Osupa!" Bayoán retorts. 

"You sure are still a buzz kill Bayo, well that's one of the reasons I am here... Izzy are you going to grant Ayana residency? Because I want in too!" What?!

"Well I am considering it, I talked to Bayo and we are in agreement that we want all temples and shrines to have a Guardian. I was thinking of giving the Cardinal Western Temple to Ayana, but if you want to move I can grant you that one and give the Cardinal Northern Temple to her. There is barely anyone living in that part of the island and Ayana can always portal herself anywhere, how does that sound?" Is she going to do this without the authority of Moira?

"Sounds like a plan, we can ask for a transfer tonight before the ceremony! But I came because the others are investigating the territory for another unicorn and there was a boy in the dungeons who has info." By the Goddess!

"There is another unicorn these monsters took?!" I say outraged. There will be a reckoning for this! And Izzy stops in her tracks and her face gets dark, and takes a deep breath.

"To be fair Yaya, we are all monsters here. I will have to ask to go to Hades torture chamber in a month or two and see how their souls are. This is madness! Where is the boy?" She asks now with her Mark shining yellow. 

"He's in the medic tent and I saw you guys headed there so I tagged along." We reach the medic tent and Iza tells Bayoán to check on the boy while we check on Maco's mate.

"Ana what is her condition?" Iza asks Anacaona. And because of the girls efforts to tidy her up, we can at least see what she really looks like. She is fair of skin with deep wavy auburn hair, it looks like the girls had to cut some off and she has a very cute bob now. She still is covered in scars but they are less. She is a very pretty girl with a button nose and small lips and she seems as tall as Morgana.

"Well Alpha, it's definitely improving! Her femur is fully healed! Her body definitely knows how to heal itself properly like a true Omega. She won't have to feel that intense pain when she wakes! She also had a broken wrist which I imagined was from being pulled but her body took care of that as well. All in all she is definitely improving!" Ana opens one of her eyes to verify her pupil dilation and and shows us a pretty teal eye.

"Oh she has beautiful eyes!" Cresta states. 

"It gets better!" Ana says and opens her other eye and its yellow!

"Heterochromia! Oh my Goddess, Maco is going to flip! She is gorgeous! How long do you think it will take her to wake?" Izzy asks. 

"It's still hard to say Alpha, but there is definitely progress and I am very satisfied with it, it's more than I could have imagined and I suspect that your potion had something to do with that as well, but as an Omega her body definitely does know what to do and how to heal without having to turn into her wolf form. I have hope that by tomorrow she might start stirring." Iza sighs but has a smile, and I can tell she is hopeful. 

"Ok, Ana if you want to take a break go ahead and put somebody else to watch over her, I imagine you must be tired and would like to rest before tonight's ceremony." Iza says looking at our Jane Doe.

"Thank you Alpha, I will leave my Apprentice Kiki whom just started her shift. I definitely need some shut-eye." And she calls for Kiki and gives her instructions. 

"Cressy, can you please get her a linen chamise so that if she does wake up she doesn't feel so awkward underneath her covers? Not being Osupa and not knowing what she has been through I don't want her to feel any shame when she wakes up." And Iza is examining a particular star shaped scar in the inside of her left hand. 

"Sure! I'm on it." And she leaves the tent while Kiki is verifying her vitals with regards to her chart making sure to know where she is at the moment she has taken responsibility. And we go to check on the boy, who on closer inspection is not a kid like I thought, but a young man with chestnut hair and hazel eyes. He is sitting in the cot talking with Bayoán, and must be around 6'1" but is thin and pale due to malnutrition.

"Alpha, this is Jacob and he was in Blue Moon but was sold to someone here." Monsters!

"Hello Jacob, how are you feeling?" Morgana stands up so that Iza can take her seat. 

"You're an Alpha?!" Jacob asks wide eyed.

"Yes, but not of this pack." She answers. 

"Yeah, your Beta told me you are from The Caribbean. Are you going back? Can I go with you? Marius is bat shit crazy!" Poor boy seems to be traumatized.

"I don't see why not, but we need your help Jacob, we know that you know where there is a unicorn. Can you tell us where he or she is?" And he lowers his eyes. 

"Alpha, I am sorry, but he died about a month ago, things in Blue Moon are really bad." I can't help but gasp and beg for the Goddesses's mercy. Both Iza and Bayo take a deep breath and Morgana can't help but cover her mouth. Cresta joins us and her werejaguar ears heard it.

"Do you know where the body is?" Cresta asks. 

"No idea, they drained him but I was chained to be sold to Theo and his cronies for a hunt. They usually just throw the bodies in a pit about 4 miles south of the pack house." He says pity fully. 

"Wait, a hunt?" Morgana interjects. And we look back at Jacob. 

"Yeah, they have this sick game of starving someone so they are weak, sell them to the other pack and hunt them down in Blue Moon territory and then throw the cadaver in the pit. Been going on for over 2 years now. I didn't think they would pick me because I'm a Delta, and yet here I am." Oh my Goddess! And everyone gasps now. Iza gives a loud roar that I think shakes even the pack house, and leaves us all shaking likes leaves, even Bayoán!

"Cresta, tell the others. Find that pit and see if they can find the body. I want the most powerful Priestesses to storm that pack and unleash HELL! I want EVERY prisoner they have, try not to kill anyone, Selene doesn't want them in her realm, but I know the girls can bring them terror beyond death!" Iza is standing and is livid. Her eyes are gold and her claws and fangs are extended. She wants blood, but I think that what angers her the most is that she can't partake. This is a matter for Avalon and the Goddess has commanded death by the Sword of Peace.

"Definitely Izz, it's going to be fun as fuck to fuck those mother fuckers up!" And her eyes are glowing and she bolts out of the tent. Izzy's Mark is bright yellow trying to calm down and I activate mine to help her, myself and everyone there. 

"Tell me Jacob, do you see that girl over there?" And she points towards Maco's mate. "By any chance, do you know her?" Jacob looks over. 

"Yeah! That's Amelia, she's the pack doctor! She went missing months ago!" Amelia, Thank the Goddess we have a name. 
###chapter 43: The Scouts
Urayoán's POV:

The destruction had us as silent as the grave... maybe not the best analogy to use, but it was accurate. The places that where not plastered with dry black lava were covered in soot and ash. Thankfully Mt. Cemí is just one of many mountains in Karaya so the damage was mostly centered around it and Itiba City, the Capital of Karaya. Unsurprisingly, the most populated part of the island... now I can see that it DOES look unnatural. Mt. Cemí isn't even the closest mountain to Itiba City, yet it's like the mountain made sure to ooze everything towards the population. 

"Urayoán, since most of the damage is in the South Western side, go to the Uguaca Hills in the opposite side of the island and see if it's clear so that the boats and everyone else has a safe port to return to ASAP. We can clear a runway for the planes there since it will take us a few days to clear all this up, but that way everyone can return. Take Cora with you, she also can open portals, if not it will take hours. We will go to Mt. Cemí and see if we do find any sign of Blood Magic, but be alert, if The Council IS HERE, they will hide there to ambush anyone who comes to the island, so shift to sharpen your senses." Moira instructs." Damn, I wanted to shift and run, and most everyone in the pack link is saying the same. Being back even with the destruction feels liberating, Blood Moon sucks! Freya takes my hand and gives it a squeeze, and her mind tells me that we will have more than enough time to explore and run when everyone is back. 

"As you say My Lady, but... what about Loiza? Is she not to be Luna to Alpha Kayden's pack?" The pack returning home is something we did know would happen, but Izzy finding a mate who is Alpha would make her Luna of Blood Moon, right?

"Look Urayoán, the Goddess didn't merely show up to Bless Loiza's naming, she did a full manifestation of power. She has 'crowned' her. I was ordered to present her with the Royal Guanín..." and her usual stone face softens. "She CAN'T be a Luna when the Goddess has willed her to be a Queen." And she sighs. "Loiza already knows this. It will be in her hands to convince Kayden to move HIS pack HERE, that's why I ordered Bayoán to grant them time to talk... Loiza will have to use her charm to convince him. Besides, it DOES seem that their territory IS indeed cursed. Their situation is complicated to say the least, but the Goddess has mated them so I suppose that her command will prevail." Yet I can see uncertainty all over her face. I don't think I remember of any precedence for a situation like this. 

"Would he reject her over this?" And I am feeling pissed... Why would the Goddess do this to Izzy?

"The Goddess gives free will Gamma, we will have to see how this plays out." And I am feeling stressed for my sister. I found my mate and couldn't imagine if I would have been rejected, but Kayden seems to REALLY want Izzy. There's more than enough land here for their pack, but Alphas are very proud... Would he give up his title for his mate? Braka who just found his mate gives me a look full of pain. 'Urayoán, we must trust the Alpha's skill and Alpha Kayden's need and love for her... this is without saying we still don't know if he is trustworthy.' This is bullshit!

"C'mon Cora, we have a Coast to investigate, I can't stomach this anymore." She nods and opens the portal and we are in Uguaca. 

"It's intact!" Freya exclaims. The others start undressing and shifting, and the minute I shift I get the scent...

Moira's POV:

The moment we arrive I sence it but can't confirm it... not until we reach the top of the mountain will we know for sure. So I send Urayoán and his team to the opposite side of the island, if The Council IS here, that's were they will be waiting to verify the Osupa went first to seek shelter. Loiza's command to evacuate might have saved the pack. When I sensed that a Priestess lost her Mark I was more preoccupied to that matter than the cataclysm, a grave miscalculation on my part. And even though I was outraged about Bayoán speaking the Goddess's name, he did what was best for his pack and everything was legal... I thought of him more than I should... I have missed him greatly... the years we had were few but in my very long life those will always be some of my fondest memories. But just like the pack comes first for The Osupa, Avalon is my charge. 

After Urayoán leaves I portal half the Priestesses to the top of the mountain while the rest are Prime Priestesses who can start fixing the damage get to work. Once at the top we have to cover our noses...the scent of Blood Magic is everywhere! Some of my Priestesses vomit at the smell. 

"Ok, ladies I KNOW this is sickening but focus! I want every disgusting piece of evidence collected and taken to the dock we shan't take it to Avalon but sort through it there, we need to know who betrayed the Goddess by this infamous act!" Whomever it is must be hidden by The Council. And the girls go to work... The Osupa are Avalon's most loyal allies, we even use their tech and we all are linked like a pack with opal communication rings created by the Osupa. I get a comm from Yohanna about finding not just bodies, but a pentagram. 

"Is there any sign as to which Coven it belongs to Yohanna?" Morgana was right, it was her great grandmother's spell. Damn it Morgaine...who ELSE did you teach that spell to?

Braka gets my attention. There are Council soldiers to the North East... BINGO! I comm every Prime Priestess to meet me at the foot of the mountain and Yohanna helps me open a large portal for all of us to go through. I meet up with the team at Uguaca and indeed, I feel them. The Osupa are all shifted, good. 

"Ladies our job is to smoke out this vermin so that the Osupa hunters and warriors can have their blood, if you see any creature other than werewolves we will serve as backup. Is that clear?!"

"BLESSED BE!" That's what I want to hear. And our Marks turn black, shine black and start oozing smoke. They attacked with the volcano, now we will activate those magma veins from the Earth and focus on it's sulfuric toxicity to bring them out in the open, and from the ground we can see from the Hills the gases being released throughout the base of the hills and the coast, and they start running out! 

Braka gives a mighty haul signaling the attach! There's about 200 hunters and warriors thirsting for revenge for their people and their kin who run out as the harmonious pack they are and start taking heads. Blessed Be indeed.

Braka's POV:

Already Daemon's muzzle was drenched in blood, through the link I felt and heard everyone's rage towards the Invaders. Our people had to deal with invaders once...and lost. This time there is no magic, no Council, no nobody that would take our lands. And just when we had them on the coast going for boats to take them to a ship in the distance we ran into an invisible wall, and all of us stop. On the beach, another pentagram with a witch in every corner chanting... FUCK! 

'This is BULLSHIT! What's left are getting away!' Freya, Urayoán's mate says angrily through the link. She is a fierce warrior indeed, I would have liked Helena to join us, but she had her own mission. 

Suddenly the ocean behind the witches starts to rise creating a tsunami. The Priestesses are showing what TRUE power is! Before the witches knew what was happening it was over... they were crushed by the ocean and the wall was down and we continue our pursuit for the blood of The Council wolves. The ones who have escaped in boats were now on shore because of the tsunami. We reach the shore line and they were on guard waiting for the attack. But their numbers are to few... it isn't long before the clear turquoise waters of Ticah Beach are crimson with the blood of the enemy! Yet the ship in the distance starts off.

"I don't think so!" I hear Moira in the distance. Two Priestesses run to the shore with us and start chanting, creating a whirlpool under the ship...we can hear the screams from the shore... Blessed Be! And then something unexpected even to the Lady Moira... A pillar of fire comes downward from the heavens and destroys what is left of the ship! It's the Goddess herself who gives the final blow! And silence owns the land. Even the Priestesses are in awe... 

We shift into our human form, they had only sent about 50 wolves to shore. I guess they didn't expect us back so fast and in these numbers, either way the day is ours, as well as our home. 

"This means WAR! How DARE they desecrate hollowed ground?!" Susana shouts out! And everyone howls in agreement. 

"It is for the Cacique to determine what cause of action comes now Susana! Don't forget that!" I tell them ALL.

"My sister will bring the Council to it's knees one way or another!" Urayoán adds. 

Moira joins us on the shore: "This is just ONE battle! The Osupa want revenge, but make no mistake... it's by Loiza's wit and the power of the Goddess that you are here and that Karaya is in YOUR hands again...they gave the first blow, but it WILL be Karaya with the backing of Avalon who will give the last! Remember the tale and take it to your Kappas so they may write the songs and tales of the events of these days. They will join the tales of old and you all will be able to say how vengeance is satisfied when Karaya and Avalon work as one!" Her eyes are bright white and every wolf shifts and howls in victory. 

The Priestesses raise stone from the earth and create massive docks for our ships... the beauty of the stone work with surrounding verandas are so exquisite that would bring the work of Master Kahyo, our best stone mason, to shame. They add coral from the sea and white granite to create a massive memorial so everyone who enters Karaya through this dock know that the only thing invaders find here is blood. 
###chapter 44: The First Vampire
Loiza's POV

To say that I am on edge is an  understatement. I gave an order but can't even partake in it's execution, damn it! So now I have to wait not only to know what happened in Karaya, but in Blue Moon, too. Before Cresta left I ordered for the vile Alpha Marius to be brought before me so that Moira look into him and impart judgment. A unicorn is a creature that helps keep the Earth in balance... It's magic works directly with the power of the Moon to serve as a Ying Yang conduit... That's why they are so precious to Selene. The blood of a unicorn has particular properties, and it's the most powerful to procure a proper spell with Blood Magic.

I put those thoughts aside and focus on the here and now. I had those who were unconscious prisoners that Kayden sent to their Medical Ward be brought here. Along with the only TWO doctors they have! I still can't believe they only have two, they HAVE more Omegas, Chis and Phis. Unfortunately it's like with every other pack I have visited... they are like social misfits in their own pack, their talents relegated to servants and cleaners! Absurd!

Many of the treated patients are begging to join our pack, not just Jacob and I will grant that... they are under my protection now.  Cleo comes over with her report... She bows and I am so done with all this protocol!

"Cleo! Don't, no one is around right now, can you NOT do that PLEASE! We have been sparring buddies and friends for enough time girl." And she laughs and smacks my hip to give her some space to sit on the cot next to me while I watch over Amelia for a bit. Now that we have a name I can give Maco SOMETHING. I move my ass so she can sit with me, besides Aya and Cressy, Cleo has always been one of my best friends... I used to have the biggest crush on her brother Casimar, now Admiral Casimar. I mean, how can I not! The classic tall, dark and handsome troupe fits him like a glove... and he does have those mythical yellow eyes like his father and his uncle, Braka. But the disappointed of what happened... Sigh.

"You look so serious and everyone is so formal around you, so give me a break Izzy... to tell you the truth, it's weird as fuck!" She says.

"Yeah, no shit! Do you think I WANT this?" How am I going to keep Kayden by MY side, and not the other way around. I have no idea how to approach this with him... Besides the other dozen things. I thought I would find joy when I found my mate, not more complications.

"No bitch, I don't, but I can tell you ARE enjoying some of the perks! A little bird told me you thrashed the Lady Moira...that must have felt pretty good." Great... The thing I hate about my pack is 'los chismes!' For a pack of expert spies, we are HUGE gossips... everyone knows EVERYONE'S SHIT!

"Thrashing is hardly the word, but she did get a piece of my mind...and yeah it did feel good!" And we let out a giggle that I really needed.

"Well, either way Izz, I'm with you girl! I KNOW you are going to kill at this!" Choice words...but she leans on me as comfort. I lean back, she is taller than me so I can place my head on her shoulder and her scent was comforting. Well everyone in the Reyes family were among the tallest and mightiest of the pack, they ARE a legacy Alpha family after all. When we started training together I just arrived from Avalon and still wasn't really talking to anybody, Cleo was very accepting towards this, she wasn't much of a talker back then either, she isn't one still. But she does have a group of people that she does become a little Chatterbox! Not like Natalia, but when THEY get together, uff!

"So what about the humans?" I finally ask her.

"Almost all have been sent to human hospitals far away after taking Forgetting potion, I didn't want to bring attention to this area... most were traumatized about being abducted, used and raped by werewolves. Two, however don't want to go back because of what you said, they were already running from abuse." Yeah, I don't want to imagine going through that and my eyes go to Amelia. By the Goddess, what did they do to her?! Freya escaped before being raped,  I shudder to imagine what happened to Amelia. And they start bringing in the patients and the two freaking doctors of Blood Moon.

Jacob was lying down and suddenly he got up to look among the patients.

"Hey Jacob, what's up man?!" Bayoán asks as he walks in.

But Jacob pays no attention and heads towards what looks like an elf girl, but the dark lavender color of her short pixie cut hair and very pale yellow cat eyes indicates fae. Elves have 'traditional' color hair, she has all the features of an elf, tall, gracefull, elegant, with pointed ears but the colours of fae folk. She starts going to him...mates! They reach eachother and look at eachother's condition,  and they embrace crying, like knowing the pain the other went through. Bayoán slaps his shoulder in congratulations and I go to them to show my happiness for them and meet this girl, who if Jacob becomes a part of the pack she will be welcomed as well.

"Congratulations to both of you! What's your name dear?" And they are whipping tears. The Osupa don't mind crying, it's not like we all don't do it.

"A Priestess! My Lady my name is Phoebe, thank you for your help!" And I feel that she is much more than a mere hybrid. So I test her. And before Bayoán and Cleo correct her...

"Yes Phoebe I am a Priestess..." And I wait. Her eyes turn from pale yellow to red. And she takes a knee.

"I'm sorry Alpha, I thought you a mere Priestess!" And while I smile Cleo, Bayo and Jacob are stunned.

"Arise Phoebe, you don't have to kneel to me! You are part Knowing Faery right?" And Jacob looks at her with surprise and even more love.

"Yes Alpha! You are knowledgeable of the fae folk!" She says.

"Well I DID grow up with many fae folk and my mentor, the Lady Moira is elven. But there is MORE to you...you are no ordinary Truth Seer am I right?" And the others look to her. And she is at a loss for words.

"You KNOW?!" I give her a wide smile.

"I met your kin, Altheia once in Avalon, I can smell the scent of her blood in yours!" Altheia is the fucking Faery of Revelation, who has the power to uncover the nature of life by pulling the world of illusion to reveal ANY hidden truth! They even call her The Destroyer of Illusion. But Phoebe looks away.

"She has rejected me... they all have. There's no place for a mutt like me with the Noble elves or the Seelie Court. After my mother was murdered I had nowhere." And Jacob takes her in his arms.

"No babe, we have a place! Right Alpha? If I join you Phoebe has sanctuary, right?" I smile at them. The elves and the fae of The Seelie Court have always been the mayor snobs of the Supernatural world, they fucking think they are better than anyone. And Truth Seers are treasured among my people!

"How about it Phoebe? Would you like to join your mate with us?" And she looks at Jacob and then at me again, while Jacob kisses her temple.

"Really? I am welcomed?" And Jacob tightens his grip for her in his arms, Bayoán already told him how our pack works and he was on board...the devotion he is showing his mate let's me know he will be a perfect fit with our people.

"Jacob will soon take our Oath, as his mate so can you and be Osupa... You will understand what that means when you take the Oath as well." And she is teary again, Goddess only knows what this girl has gone through...she seems of similar age to myself.

"Yes! Are we leaving soon? I loathe this place! That bitch Vanessa had me chained in irons making me pathetic and weak! I couldn't even go invisible!" Whoa! I did NOT see that one.

"Babe, you can go invisible?!" And she blushes, and Jacob looks at her like she is a meal, salivating and all!

"That IS a great Blessing indeed! I will have one of the tents ready for you both, so you can have some privacy and discuss your choice. However you are both recovering so I want to see a discharge from your doctors before you go. I am thinking we can have a ceremony tomorrow morning for everyone who wants to join our pack." Before the execution of the slavers.

"Are you taking every stray sister? Some are not werewolves!" Bayoán just can't fucking help himself. My intuition tells me to take them ALL...

"Yup! Glad I don't have to explain myself Bayo!" And he doesn't look very happy at this. 'Are you mad?! Are you going to take the vampire, too?! His clan doesn't want him! And what about those the Priestesses bring after the raid on Blue Moon?!'

"You worry too much my dear Beta! We have Phoebe with us now! Her, Morgana and the other Truth Seers will be able to tell if there are any spies or outliers that wish us harm. If the person wants to come I WILL allow it... do I make myself CLEAR?!" And yes, I am using my Alpha voice.

"Crystal Alpha!" And he can't avoid to shake his head and smile. "Your backbone is turning to steel sister..." 'Father would be very impressed.' And I smile back.

"Alpha I will be happy to help! You speak truthfully, I will help you make sure nobody who is unworthy of your sanctuary to be able to come! I give you my word!" I learned long ago to NEVER thank ANY fae unless you want to wake up a Thousand Years Later dancing at the foot of an oak tree!

"I appreciate your words Phoebe, your help will be most welcome!" And a gust of wind hits us. The vampire Orwell of the Vanishing Clan comes towards me. Taking a knee like Phoebe before. Good thing we had the formula and ingredients to make a Taicaraya IV drip...it will protect him from his Vitamin D allergy for a month! If he goes to get one every month, he will be able to walk in the sun always.

"Alpha, I heard what you said. This girl, Phoebe, will read me, I have no place as well and I am tired of wondering the Earth with no destination. If you accept me I will swear you my life and my 152 years of experience for council, as well as every gift I have at the beck and call of the Osupa, my new clan." He stays on his knees. Vampires and our kind have never been allies, on the contrary, to our people, to see a vampire means to kill on sight. But I have worked with vampires when I was in Avalon, and we were never enemies there. Those methods are antiquated and obsolete, vampires are Mighty Warriors with amazing abilities. So to have one in our pack would be a great asset, and I look at Phoebe for confirmation.

"He speaks truth Alpha, he truly wishes to set roots and be still, he has wondered for quite a while and is worried because of this new problem of being captured by werewolves. His clan didn't want him then because of his neutrality, and now that he has been a slave to werewolves they want him even less." I am starting to like Phoebe more and more, she not only is the Truth Seer, she is also a Reader! And I don't think she realizes it.

"Then it is settled Orwell, you will be part of our pack tomorrow morning, I would like to ask favor if you do not mind?" I signal with my hands for him to stand up, I don't think I will ever get used to all of these new formalities... I never got used to the formalities when I was just a Priestess!

"Anything Alpha." This is right, I can feel it in my intuition, in my bones.

"Since you are fully physically healed, can you please go to every single other victim and ask which one would like to join us, too? Also when the Priestesses come from Blue Moon, I will need to know which ones would like to join us as well. Can you verify that information and bring them to any of our Truth Seers to verify that they are appropriate candidates?" Vampires have extremely sharp memory and are agile and fast, this should be a piece of cake for him!

"It will be as you command Alpha!" I tell Cleo to please make sure that he is bathed and dressed appropriately, poor man was in rags, I want him to look approachable. And that is how Orwell became the first vampire of the Osupa pack.
###chapter 45: War Plans
Aymaco's POV

I woke up about ten minutes ago and am just looking at the ceiling like a moron. Even with a 12 hour dose of Hayan drops and a mental water cleanse I dreampt of my mate. But no true dreams, only nightmares, visions of being caged, being beaten... being raped...over and over. I am full of fear and rage at the same time, I found her too late, and I am determined to make sure to be patient and make up for her pain. I just don't know where to start. I finally get up and after a hot shower link Iza to know about my mate. 

'Maco, you were to rest longer.' Yeah whatever. 

'Izz, is she still there?' 'SHE', that's all I have. 

'Well since you are awake, yes. Get over here, I have information for you!' She sounds exited... I don't feel 'HER' conscious. 'On my way!' I put on my shirt and a hoodie, no matter our elevated body temperature, it's colder here than I like.

The moment I walk into the tent my gaze falls on her... and I finally am able to SEE her. Her hair, her face, her loveliness. Loiza comes to me and embraces me, while saying to my ear... "Amelia, brother. Her name is Amelia and from what we were told, a gifted doctor from Blue Moon." A name! I sit next to her. "Amelia..." And it feels right! "Is there news of how she came to be in this condition?!" And my self control slips asking that question with a low growl. I feel Bayo's hand on my shoulder.

"Easy brother, this rabbit hole goes deeper than just Amelia." He basically links every play by play while I slept. I want to be near Amelia, I want to be there when she opens her eyes...but the pack comes first. I want to be there to verify my lab. I want to go to Blue Moon and eat this fucking Alpha's heart after pulling it from his chest. Loiza brings Kiki to report on Amelia when we hear the buzzing sound of a portal and cheers as well as curses swell the grounds. We all walk out and Urayoán comes with a huge grin and takes Loiza and lifts her in his arms!

"We got the fuckers in the act! They were there! But we got them Izzy! Every single one!" Iza starts smiling. 

"Casualties?" She asks now making him put her down. 

"NONE sister! Their numbers were low, they didn't expect us to move this quickly!" And he takes another girl in his arms giving her a passionate kiss. I look at Bayoán...he clearly left something out of his play by play. The asshole just shrugs with an apologetic smile. Ura found his mate too, and by the smell, Twin Souls. And it takes everything from me to focus on not thinking about my own mate's condition. 

"Maco this is our new sister Freya..." Izzy says akwardly. But I am happy for my brother, his good fortune doesn't make me less confident that Amelia will recover. And I go to Freya and hug what seems like a strong warrior, and being Ura's Twin Soul will make it easy to be familiar with her. 

"Welcome to our family Freya! If ever you need to talk with someone with brains you now know who to come to." She laughs. 

"Don't worry Maco, I knew the moment Ura and I mated! Smartest in the family!" I give a laugh and wink at my brother while he just gives me the stink eye...Nice to know Ura KNOWS who has the top brains in the family. She is perfect for Ura.

"General how many Council warriors were vanquished?!" Loiza asks. 

"50 land warriors, 5 witches and and an entire ship with the help of the Goddess My Alpha!" She doesn't look happy. 

"How many of OURS are dead or missing?" Her face stone.

"From the last report 1,357 dead, 239 missing." And we are all feeling the anger through her aura and the pack link.

"How many fit in their ship?" She wants the EXACT number of dead on The Council's side. 

"About 200 hundred Cacique." Cleo comes from behind answering Loiza's question, and she goes to her uncle who kisses her forehead. 

"Yes, that does seem right. Cleo, please make a tally of how many died on the side of The Council." Cleo bows and leaves to make good on her orders. 

"You intend to match their numbers to ours sister?" I can still feel her rage... she is loosing control. 'Bayoán, she IS going to have time with Kayden tonight right?' He looks at Izzy with a deep frown. 'I think we might have to move their meeting for before the ceremony, he might smooth her mood.'

"I am undecided brother... either our revenge will be times three but I gravitate more to the idea of painting the halls of The Council a wonderful shade of crimson with the blood of EVERY member." 

Whoa..she means war.

'Aryn's Alpha anger is catching up to Iza, while her Priestess diplomacy is fading. So yeah, up her meeting with Kayden, The Council must pay, but we need a strategy.' I link Bayo. 'Agreed, I will arrange it.'

"And the condition of the island?" At this point she isn't asking anyone in particular. 

"Well Itiba City needs a lot of work, but all in all, Karaya will be home again! There is a brand new dock for the boats in Uguaca Bay close to Ticah Beach. The Priestesses are fixing everything and we have retrieved over 300 bodies so far, or what's left of them...we will give them a proper send off when we return." Braka reports. She nods still in deep thought. 

"Call for Master Gadiel and tell him to gather every tech engineer to verify every laboratory, patent office, OPIA HQ and every office at The University. I want to know if they took ANYTHING and how fast we can get everything back to how it was. He will report to Director Gloria, the sooner OPIA HQ is working, the sooner we can contact those who are in the dark and inform the rest of our people the new rendezvous, plus we will need to get the stealthiest spies inside The Council. I want to know their layout and numbers ASAP" She orders Bayoán. And he nods with a serious face. "Maco, stay with your mate if you wish, but I would REALLY like to know if your research is intact. We might have need for at the very least a prototype of those thermal suits sooner rather then latter." Amelia is still healing and from what Kiki reports it might take another day or two for her to wake. 

"I'm on it!" She gives me a grateful smile and takes a deep breath. 

"I am going with Yaya to check on everything for tonight. I want a report on the progress in Karaya and want to be informed the minute the team sent to Blue Moon comes back, understood?" Yes Cacique! Braka gives a heart fist salut. 

"I will take my leave then..." She turns and leaves, she looks calm yet we can still feel her rage.

"Has she been this intense since I have slept?" This is not good, Iza's strength has always been fed by her self control and calculating nature.

"She grows bolder and fiercer by the hour." Bayoán says still deep in thought. 

"So what?! They have basically declared war on us and tried to eradicate us!" Ura says...always hot blooded. 

"Ura, no, It's not good! Izzy needs to keep a level head. This is war, not some small battle at the Uguaca Hills and Ticah Beach. She is working hard on keeping that level head, she is right to verify our tech and have OPIA running smoothly again, now that we are at war we need every shread of intel we can gather. We don't know what their numbers are, we don't know what technology they use if any, we need to know who are their allies and enemies, we need to know if OUR tech works and how long it will take the engineers to get it up and running. She made the correct commands but Aryn's rage is taking over like any mindless Alpha and that's not our way. She is not a mere Alpha, she is a Cacique, a Queen who has to control even herself. I will go now to relay her orders and have Alpha Kayden ready to meet with her before the ceremony, she needs to have full control over herself there, Yaya will lead it as High Priestess but Izzy has to assist as the only other Priestess of Karaya." Bayoán pinches the bridge of his nose. And I see him mindlink someone... "I will meet Master Gadiel in the current tent being used as OPIA HQ, General, Maco, please join me. 

"I also want to know if there is any word from the team in France. We need that mission to succeed and they need us as well, if successful our numbers will grow exponentially allowing for more warriors. The good thing is that their ways are very similar to ours and Natalia is leading the negotiations. Tía Ayiti hasn't been found yet, Talia likes her mother's advice with crucial missions like this... Gloria is a good Director for OPIA, but Tia Ayiti was Director for a long time and had a successful tenure, even father listened to every shread of advice from his older sister. More than ever I hope she is alive, she could serve in a Council I am putting together for Izzy." 

The Lune Première Phase Pack have been having trubles with neighboring packs for centuries now, they may not be Islanders, but they do live in the south of France by the coast, so the ocean is also very well ingrained into their own particular culture. Their numbers reach over 5,000 and they are also very devoted to the Goddess, their High Priestess studied with Yaya under the vampire Prime Priestess Ziggy. After centuries of fighting against posible invaders they always come on top for having such alert and expertly trained Warriors. Yet for the past few years the attacks on their pack have been Non-Stop. Alpha Gúarionex owed a Blood Oath to Lune Première and vowed to take them into Karaya and having them join The Osupa if ever they needed and wanted. Alpha Antoine called a few weeks ago to collect that Oath and father sent the best negotiators of The Osupa, his own nieces and nephew: Talia, Lola and Umbros trained by their own mother. Talia and Umbros are Epsilons, usually the most outgoing, talkative and readers of the pack, they are also masters in stealth and some of the best spies in the pack. Lola joined as muscle in case the encountered trouble, she is a powerful and skilled Gamma Warrior, not that Epsilons are bad warriors, but earth is also their element and are most skilled at building bridges rather than burning them.

"I'll be there in a few minutes, I'll meet you there." And I go to the medic tent to check up on Amelia before I leave... still she remains Sleeping Beauty. Hoping she can hear me... "Amelia, I am Aymaco, but everyone mostly calls me Maco... I am your mate. I know that your trust level might be zero, but know that I will never reject you and I swear upon my life I will cherish and protect you from even Hades if need be. I will take you from this cursed place and you will live in a paradise... I hope you wake soon and allow me to earn your trust. I must go now beloved, the paradise I am promising needs to be reclaimed and repaired and I want it to be perfect for you." I kiss her forehead gently and go to find Bayoán... and now more than ever I am determined to make sure Karaya is as I promised... and I never break my promises. 
###chapter 46: The Jerk
###chapter 46: The Jerk

Kayden's POV:

The very loud and persistent knocking on my door woke me from a very deep sleep. Daniella wasn't kidding when she promised dreamless deep sleep... it's not like she didn't do all that effort for nothing. The woman gave me two small bottles with liquids I've never seen before, then made me strip down fully naked and submerged me in a healing bath including my head... to allow me to breath she placed a mask over my nose and mouth connected to a tube that was secured above the water. 

My only instructions where to focus on clearing my mind from every single thought... It took me a while and my skepticism grew, yet I kept receiving reassurance through the water from the healer. I had never experienced anything like it before, I could hear her clearly through the water. I guess this is what Loiza meant when she said that healers were ruled by the element of water and some could even control it. 

We only have two doctors and I have never seen them use this technique, I can only imagine receiving this type of therapy every single time I am extremely stressed, and then I understood the great value The Osupa place on what we see as lower ranking wolves to the point of protecting them with their lives. It's like they had this secret that wasn't really a secret, they just respected the order of hierarchy in a pack, I have noticed that they treat those who we consider the lowest of the low, with great respect. And I absolutely understand it now... What fools we have been! Why have we never known this knowledge before, which came so naturally to The Osupa? I must have fallen asleep in the water dried and placed in my bed because I have no memory after more minutes of soothing words from Daniella and now waking still naked, which also makes me understand why nudity is not a taboo among them...the more I learn about their ways, the more I understand their strength and why The Council sees them as a threat. 

And right now I feel extremely relaxed and rested, I can only Imagine what a better pack we would be if instead of using our Omegas as servants, that they received the proper training of their true nature to help quicken the healing of Warriors in battle so they can go back to the fighting or helping those with PTSD or other mental ailments. And Marcus came to mind, I have to go check on him.

"I'm awake! Give me a fucking minute!" What NOW?!

I put some jeans and v-neck black shirt... at the door is Loiza's brother and Beta. 

"Glad you're awake Alpha, I trust you are well rested?" I swear that her brothers get great satisfaction from waking me up, they KNOW that I desperately want their sister with me and are using that as a powerful shield. If it would have been any other woman I would have ended them without caring if they were her brothers, but the moment I saw her power I knew that if any harm came not just to her family, but to her people, she could end ME HERSELF. It made me want her more... None of the other women I had fucked had the ability to make me want, love AND fear at the same time. They were weak idiots and I the biggest idiot for fucking them.

"Very well rested Beta, to what do I owe such a pleasant visit?" And he just barges in my room without being invited in... Asshole. 

"Glad you asked Alpha, I am here to inform that we had a change of plans." Is he fucking going to give me another excuse to not talk with my mate?!

"I'm listening..." I'm not going to let my dear brother in law get under my skin again!

"My sister's wolf is loosing control and it's affecting her own self control. Loiza needs a calm mind for tonight's ceremony, not only as Alpha, but as her duties of assisting Yaya as a Priestess of our people. So instead of meeting her after the ceremony I have assessed it would be more productive to meet her before, agreed?" Well that one was unexpected...

"At what time? I know of a place where we can be undisturbed and return her at whatever time you require." His eyes showed nothing but suspicion.

"She must return an hour after sunset for the ceremony. I don't know what time that is here at this time of year, where we're from the sun usually sets at the same time all year round except for maybe a half an hour window in winter. So the time for you to return her is your responsibility. Right now she is verifying that everything for the ceremony is in order, so you are absolutely free to find her and set the time yourself like the big boy you are. However, I am warning you Alpha Kayden, there will be no mating ceremony today, so I suggest you keep restraining yourself as much as possible. My sister is dealing with many situations that other leaders older, and with more experienced than her, would have already buckled under all the pressure. She doesn't need you to make it harder for her, in any case if we are doing this is to alleviate her burden and set her mind at ease, and since you are her mate you are the most adequate to see to it that she is ready for this ceremony, which is crucial for the healing of our people, her role in the pack and standing with the Goddess. Do you understand?" I have seen how seriously they take their traditions, if I mess this up I will not only be detested by her people and family (which I have noticed are very close) but she might be angry at me and reject me...

"I understand perfectly Beta, I will make sure that her mood is improved and that she is back to engage in her duties on time. You have my word that I will be in control over myself and help her as much as she needs from me." It's like walking over damn eggshells with him! But as long as I get to finally have time with Loiza it's more than worth it.

"Good to have that be crystal clear Alpha, because with over 1,300 dead and over 200 missing and over 300 recovered bodies, this ceremony is the first step for our people to heal. She is in a clearing in the South West side of your territory verifying the progress of the drums. You may go to her right now and interrupt her, the Lady Yaya will overlook the final preparations." The moment he was saying to go to her now I was already looking for my boots and putting them on... but the casualties he mentioned is still on the back of my mind... I REALLY have to approach this as delicately as possible, the experiences that they have already had within my own pack are embarrassing enough without even mentioning the fact that those casualties are are directly correlated to my parent's stupidity. And now I think it's better I tell her AFTER the ceremony. The point of us meeting now is to clear her mind so she can be calm for her people, but it will be to her only that I give this information.

"Ok Beta I'm on it at once! Anything else you wish to add?" I can't wait to look into her eyes, to listen to her voice, admire her body... and I start getting aroused. 

"Yeah, keep it in your pants Alpha, she is Alpha to a mourning pack, it will happen but not yet." And he turns and leaves... maybe I should jerk off before going to her, my dick is rock solid just thinking those thoughts. So I take it out and it's so hard that it slaps my stomach, and I proceed to stroking myself thinking of being inside her, pounding her, eating her up... I could feel my cock pulsing for release, I could feel the build up in my balls and abdomen until finally I came with growl. I lay panting for a moment while I caught my bearings, but the thought of finally having a word alone with her was motivation enough to get me to the bathroom to take a quick shower and get a fresh pair of jeans and another V-shirt. And off I went following her scent of pineapples and vanilla. 
###chapter 47: The Wit of the Anoying Sister
Loiza's POV:

Yaya and I reach the clearing where Master Jorel has a small army of Kappas almost done with all 13 drums when a familiar scent hits me... "Nina? What on Earth are you doing here?" My sister if focused on painting sacred Taíno symbols on one of the drums while smoking a joint and a glass of wine on a little table where she has her pallet and paints. Where did she even get weed? I could do with one! And I just take the wine for myself.

"Well lookie who showed up! You ordered every Kappa on board with this project so why are you asking? Already loosing your mind sweet sister? And of course you are welcome to my wine... want a puff?" She tells me without even looking at me. And this pisses the shit out of me! She may be my older sister but I AM her Alpha! I really want that puff tho... decisions, decisions.

"Nina you're an architect! And look at me when I am talking to you I am your damn Alpha!" The moment the words leave my mouth I regret it, what's wrong with me?! And Yaya starts walking the other way... She has seen enough spouts between me and my sister and I to know when to bail.

Still without looking at me and focused on a coquí symbol..."Wow! Well someone is sexually frustrated! Let me guess, you still haven't nailed your dearest golden god have you?" And she just starts laughing. And now I'm not regretting what I said before! I swear to the Goddess Nina can sometimes be a rusty nail you step on accidentally... "Keep it together Izzy otherwise we might see you in a straight jacket soon! Is Aryn that horny?" And before I can clap back she finally turns around to look at me. "I think you forget sister, that I am classically trained. Before you are able to design beautiful buildings and structures, you first need to study general art and the rules of design... While you were in Avalon playing with fire to be a powerful Priestess, I was drawing exquisitely looking naked men... some days I would even paint them... and not on a canvas." And she starts laughing again. Ugh!

I'm not in the mood to listen to Nina's sexual escapades! Kappas who are ruled by the element of wind, are the most eccentric and freethinkers of the pack, basically nothing phases these people! "Well? I'm looking ALPHA, how may I help your gracious self?" Ugh! If my brothers are a pain, my sisters are Hades incarnate! While Suania is just immature, loud and rowdy... She is quite cunning though. Nina always finds the perfect buttons to push to drive you to insanity!

"I came to see on the progress of the drums for tonight, where is Jorel?" She goes back to painting the drum, which is actually looking amazing... but I'm not telling her that.

"Master Jorel is giving her all to make sure that all 13 drums and the wooden chalice are made to perfection for tonight, so she secluded herself to make the chalice herself and besides sweet sister you have a pair of two perfectly functioning eyes, I'm pretty sure you can see for yourself. If I were you I would be focusing more on controlling that whippy temper your having... You'll soon lose the title of the queen of self-control! Go get laid sister, maybe It'll relax you to perform the ceremony tonight. Now that you have found your mate I'm pretty sure he can help you with that little problem."

Breathe Loiza, she may be my older sister but she has always had the luxury to live a carefree life... Sometimes I'm actually jealous. Living your best life every day as free as feather in the wind. If it only were so simple, but she would not understand the plan I have for my mating ceremony in the case tonight I don't get the answers that will satisfy me from Kayden. Although I do have to calm down. 'Aryn, what in the Goddess name are you doing to me?! Can you please calm the fuck down?!' 'That is why you need me Izzy, do you forget what day it is tomorrow?' What the hell is she talking about now? 'I don't know if you haven't noticed, but I have been extremely busy these past few days trying to keep everyone alive! So stop playing games dummy!' 'Nina can see it but you cannot? Who's the dummy now?! Izzy, tomorrow is the full moon! The closer we are to it the more intense our libido becomes because we are Alpha now. I want Deacon NOW!' Ok, now I'm worried. If Aryn can outsmart me and be on Nina's side I am truly doomed.

"The full Moon!" How could I forget?

"BINGO oh mighty Cacique! If you think it's bad now... tomorrow your precious self control is going out the window, that jading potion will be worthless." And she takes another puff of her joint and offers it to me without skipping a beat of her painting. And I take a puff, then I hand it back to her and just basically empty the wine glass in one gulp, I definitely have to find something to take off the edge. 

When she is done with the symbol, she takes a little leather bag full of small nickel sized skulls made from the bones of the hunted deer and proceeds to line the top part of the drum with a row of the skulls. A CLEAN hunt, EVERY part of the animal is used except for their hearts and brains that will burn in the fire so that it's mind and spirit is liberated, and the livers will burn in the polished wood chalice to purify the pack. Master Jorel has to polish it to perfection So that the wood is not consumed as quickly, but it will still eventually burn out . Every ceremonial chalice is made of wood, and to the specific occasion to never be used again. And it reminds me to check with Domingo about the feast. 

"As much as I would like to stay, I have to see to it that the venison is properly prepared. Keep having fun sister, at least one of us is enjoying herself!" And I link Yaya to meet with Jorel while I go back to the pack house to check on the food and see if there's something to eat now. 

"Here, I think you need this more than I do... you're welcome Izzyboo!" I fucking hate it when she calls me that! And just when I am going to give her a pice of my mind she extends a new joint in a clear bag. "No need to pledge your love for me Izz, I don't need a wacko Alpha... if you're going to the kitchen might as well get another glass of wine, look for some time for yourself and get your shit together!" While she takes another puff... I have no idea where she got the weed, we usually grow it in the fields behind the temples and blessed before distributing it, but at at this point I don't really fucking care, so I definitely take it. And I have to admit she's right, the work on the drums are looking fantastic, they look like they were made back home! Yaya can make sure that the dimensions and size of the chalice is correct. I give my sister the stink eye and walk away... "Bye Izzyboo! Enjoy the joint!" Deep breaths Loiza... and I remember that even though we have our bouts we ARE sisters and Nina is a good one. 

On my way to the pack house a woman comes towards me, I can already sense that she wants to pick a fight with me, what is it with people today that want to give me shit?!

"Hey you dumb bitch, I want you to know that Kayden is MINE, he has already promised me to be his Luna so stay out of my way or I swear I will kill you!" Oh wow, good thing the two puffs I took and the wine have giving me a nice little chill, thank you Nina... I guess.

"He's yours? how much did you pay for him?" Suddenly she looks at me confused, and I realized she's not the sharpest tool in the shed. She's pretty though I'll give her that. but that's all she is, just a pretty girl, nothing really special about her, average height, dark hair like myself but it looks like it needs a little bit of TLC, pretty blue eyes, nothing really special. 

"What do you mean about how much I paid for him?" She seems older than myself to be acting in such a childish way, but sure I'll play, I'm feeling pretty good about myself with the chill I have right now. And I suddenly received the scent of fresh rain and pine. Why not give a little show as well?

"You don't seem to be very smart, when you refer to something as YOURS you're claiming they're your property, and from what I have learned from this pack apparently slavery is quite acceptable among some of its members. Sweetheart I can assure you I don't give a flying fuck what you did with him before I met him, he and I are mates and that is something you're going to have to get over, plus I'm an Alpha, something you will never be. I understand you're angry but sorry sweetie it's not me you should be angry at. You're cute enough for sure... You'll find someone, in fact you know what? As a consolation I will give you a gift." She's completely taken aback, but the shock comes when I move closer to her, I tuck some loose hairs behind her ear, take her face in mine and kiss her on the lips passionately.

"What the fuck is wrong with you?! Are you crazy?!" And now it is I who starts laughing, damn this is weed is not to terrible!

"You've never kissed a girl? Don't worry sweetie I don't bite... Hard. I just wanted to see if I tested him on your lips, and since I don't, I assume that you have been discarded... Quite a while it seems. Like I said sweetie I really don't care what he did before he met me, our people know that the past is gone forever, tomorrow may never even come, all that matters is now." And I take out the joint my sister gave me and light it up with a snap of my fingers and take a deep puff and blow it in her face.

And just when she has the nerve to try to slap me, it never comes. I still am looking directly at her face and it it's full of terror, it is Kayden himself who grabbed her wrist and from what I can hear he is putting a lot of pressure on those bones. And I simply take another puff and blow it in her face again.

"DELILAH, what the FUCK do you think you're doing?!" And I calmly stay there to watch the show.

She throws herself at his feet... "Kayden! Forgive me! I love you! Please do not cast me away!" He lets go with disgust in his face, he looks at me and I just take another puff of my joint with a completely relaxed face and demeanor and shrug so that he understands that I don't really care what she has to say.

"It's Alpha to you! Love, I am sorry for how this wench dared to challenge you! I hope you forgive me." He still doesn't understand how our mate Bond works. I guess we'll have to see if he's a quick study.

"Meh, how can I be angry? I mean look at her! THAT looks absolutely pathetic. I'm going to the kitchens to verify the food for the feast, have a nice day Delilah I really hope you grow up soon!" And now she is just sobbing, and it's that really ugly type of crying when all the snot comes out. Very pitiful indeed. And I start heading to the pack house. This is not something I want to witness, my people always say not to care for the things that our mates have done before we meet them, at least that's what I was taught. But I admit, it does hurt, so I keep walking to not see her face and imagine them in bed.

"GET OUT OF MY SIGHT RIGHT NOW! You are to confine yourself to your house and not come out until such time I command it! Do you fucking understand?!" I can obviously still can hear them, werewolf ears. He must have used his Alpha voice, for she started crying even more but she left at once. Kayden caught up with me on the way to the kitchens.
###chapter 48: The Magic of Kappas
Loiza's POV:

"Wait! Loiza! I was looking for you." I take a deep breath trying to focus my control, the past event had Aryn on the edge, but I stop and turn around.

"Yes Kayden?" And he gave me the most adorable puppy dog eyes, this mate Bond thing is going to be the end of me, but maybe Nina is right, I don't have to go through the mating ceremony but at least his company will comfort me. The moment I caught his scent I was able to catch much more control over my anger than I had just a few minutes before.

"Your Beta came to me to tell me to find you and spend some time, I guess they decided that we meet before the ceremony instead of afterwards." And I can already see Bayoán's plan in motion, calm down Izzy before the ceremony so she doesn't fuck it up. Reasonable enough...

"Ok, I'm going to the kitchen to see if I get something to eat and verify how they're doing with the meal for the feast... Do you want to join me?" Yeah cuz I'm really hungry, but I really don't know what I'm in the mood for so I'll just let Domingo work his magic. And he gives me this sheepish grin that looks adorable and it makes me just want to jump him, Aryn is putting very naughty thoughts in my head, so I lock her up, I can't handle her right now.

"I would love to join you My Lady." I think he doesn't know that I know what he's trying to do by referring me by that title, he's not really using it as a title so much as a reminder. And I turn and stop him immediately putting my hand on his chest unconsciously and I suddenly get hit by the electricity between us which makes me gasp a bit, his chest is rock solid. How am I going to spend time with him with all these thoughts I have right now, hell even I want to start painting him not in a canvas... Damn you Nina for putting that in my head!

"Let's get one thing straight, how about instead of using that really cheap trick of trying to remind me that I'm your lady you just call me Loiza and I call you Kayden, and we do away with titles all together? Fair enough? It's starting to get annoying, and I'm not referring to you I'm just referring to the whole pomp and circumstance, the bowing and solutes, the titles and hierarchy. Understood? I really need to unwind and get away from everything for a bit." And I offered him a puff of my joint. "This will help you relax a bit, we can get some food and a bottle of wine and have a little chat, how's that?" He takes the joint awkwardly, apparently he doesn't indulge like our people do. I don't mind it, it's a personal choice, but for our people it's actually a very sacred plant. It's now or never, I have to ask the questions to which I need the answers to ASAP, and determine which will be my next move.

"It sounds like a plan, afterwards we can go to a place that is quite secluded which can help you get away from it all and unwind like you want, we will not be interrupted and take another bottle of wine there, is that okay Loiza?" Even better, if I don't get the answers I need today, I will need a place for our mating ritual where we will not be found for at least a few hours. I just really hope I'm wrong. But why is it that I already feel heartbroken? I put those thoughts aside and focus on food because I don't remember the last time I ate and that might be contributing to my bad humor.

"Like you said Kayden it sounds like a plan, now PLEASE let's get some food I am starving and starting to become hangry." He lets out a laugh, and it sounds as magical as the Úngar Planes of Avalon, where the unicorns run. He escorts me to the kitchen which smells heavenly and we are met by Roxanna... "Cacique! What an honor to have you join us!" She says bowing, and I give Kaden a short look that says 'See what I mean?' And he gives me a knowing smile. Still my lips are smiling and pleasant towards her, she's only following protocol. 

I remember when I was in the other end of that protocol towards my uncle... he used to be quite formal when it came to it. My mother treated Yadiel as his Tía, but Uncle Gúarionex was a different man after he came from the war, or so my Mami used to say. Even she who was his sister called him as Alpha and not brother, it did not make him cruel, on the contrary, our old Alpha was a very kind man, he just expected respect and formality... I guess Dad also had a play on that, he was always so rigid with protocol, still our uncle always treated us with a lot of love, and his Luna is my milk mother, whom I adore... I would call my Mom , Mami and Luna Isla, Mamá. And then I feel awful for not having the time to go see her, but as a Luna, I know she is more than understanding and going thought mate grief Counseling, the last thing she needs to be reminded she lost her true child.

"Roxana, it is very good to see you. I'm looking for your Master, I'm very hungry but I really have no idea what I want, can you help me?" She smiles. "Of course! I will fetch him right away Alpha."

We sit on the kitchen island and Kayden gives me a suspicious look... "You don't know what to eat? Why do you call for another man to tell you what you want to eat?" I smile because I can feel a little bit of jealousy from him... If only he knew!

"Trust me, you will see in a moment, but this is important Kayden... You have to trust me. Understood? Once you see it you'll find it quite amusing. Remember what I told you about Kappas?" And he gives me a small smile with a raised eyebrow with a little bit of suspicion... "I remember." He says. 

"Then let them work their magic!" And I give a mischievous smile and a wink. 

"Well well! Look what the wolf dragged In! Literally..." And he looks Kayden up and down. Making me want to laugh but I hold my tongue. "My dear, you have been doing splendidly from what I hear." And this is what I love about Domingo, you don't really have to say anything for him to know the right words. When my Quinceañera came along, the only birthday party I allowed, I was still in my silent phase and no matter what people asked what I wanted for my party I remained silent. When my mother took me to have a consult with Domingo for the catering and the cake, my silence was not a barrier for him. Everything I could have wanted for that special day was met. He worked and lived with his mate at The Alpha Fort as personal chef for the Alpha and his family, we could have lived there as well, but my father preferred to have a little bit more privacy for us in our home very nearby.

"Domingo I thank the Goddess that you were spared... this is Alpha Kay---" And in usual Domingo fashion he doesn't need many explanations and he is never formal, which I know my uncle greatly hated, but was always forgiven because of his skill.

"Ah yes! Your golden mate, but there is no need for formal introductions my dear." And I give him a wide thanking smile. "Neither of you have broken your fast and it's the afternoon! This is completely unacceptable Izzy, what have I always told you child?" I'm so grateful that he is just treating me like myself, with all the stress I'm having I really need this. But Kayden looks at me with even more suspicion and I raise one finger asking for a minute, he clearly looks uncomfortable.

"Never allow your stomach to grumble for anger is sure to follow!" I remember these words from a few years back from days of sparring with Cleo.

"Atta girl! Alright mija let's see..." And he gives Kayden and I another look clearly making him a little skirmish and I can't avoid but smiling and looking the other way. When I'm able to control my smile I look again into Domingo's eyes, and I can already see that he is linking his assistants and pupils... Awesome! 

"Alpha Kayden, what do think about being paired by the Goddess to such a lovely creature as our beloved Loiza?" And again he just stumps Kayden, and I see my mate gulp hard. 

"I am truly grateful to the Goddess for this treasure... I haven't been able share much time with her but I hope that changes today, she's everything I could have dreamt of!" And my blush starts raging and my heart speeds even more than it already was! And I am so grateful for the jading potion and scent suppressant, otherwise he would have already scented my arousal... I can't imagine how my control will be tested tomorrow. Domingo gives him a thoughtful look, but says nothing. 

"Just remember Alpha, she's a precious flower in our garden... I need one more piece of information, do you want what you want or are you willing to experiment with something new, something different you have never had before?" And I see Kayden's face become extremely puzzled, but I see also that he's looking inside his mind to give the correct answer. And I think he needs a little rescue, it wasn't completely fair of me to expect him to trust a process he knows nothing about.

"Relax Kayden, this isn't a test, it's just he's trying to make sure that you get what you want. Do you feel him reading you? He knows already what you want to eat, he just wants to know if you're willing to experiment with something different." I give him a reassuring smile and he gives me a gorgeous smile back with unsure eyes.

"Remember when I asked you to trust me? Now you have to trust yourself, it all depends on you. Do you want what you want or are you willing to experiment? There is no wrong answer!" And he smiles with a blush. And I can see that he's becoming a little more comfortable. And in my mind I am thanking Domingo so much, this is something that could help me to try to persuade Kayden to move his pack to Karaya. And then his smile starts to fade but his glare becomes more intense...

"I love to experiment new things, so I'm definitely open to that option!" And Domingo gives him a smile. And like magic a plate is places in front of us... Mofongo stuffed with shrimp! And this is definitely what I wanted! And I start laughing... "Domingo you wonderful man! I could just kiss you! But I don't want to have to execute Alberto for threatening his Alpha!" And we both start laughing, and it seems that Kayden is actually understanding the joke, giving me a questioning smile instead of an angry jealous face... He seems to be a fast study.

"No my dear, we would not want that! I love that man to death but Goddess help me with his jealousy! Now Buen Provecho, dig in!" And he goes to the refrigerator and brings out a jar of acerola (A type of Caribbean cherry) nectar... my favorite!

I already know what I'm going to eat tastes like, Domingo is basically giving me my favorite Caribbean soul food. So I just wait a moment and look at Kaden expectantly, I really want to see his reaction. He looks at the dish... "Alexis has never prepared this, what is it?" 

"This is my favorite dish, but we have to dig in now, it tastes differently when it's cold." So I decided to start myself so that he sees that I'm not going to drop dead! And it is heaven! And I can't help the soft moan that escaped my lips. And Domingo starts laughing hysterically and he always says the same cheesy line... But it never gets old.

"And once again Chef Domingo has touched a woman in a place her mate will never reach!" And we both start laughing even though Kayden had became very serious. Which actually makes me laugh even harder! 

"Remember, TRUST me... Just like the other joke you will understand this one in a minute, so dig in!" And I reassure him through our mate Bond, and he takes his first bite. And his face just lights up. And he looks at us with wonder, and Domingo and I start laughing again.

"And now, Alpha, I have touched YOU where Loiza will never reach!" And this time we ALL start laughing... He's starting to understand.

"He is absolutely right you know? I will never be able to have the skill to cook like this! And now you understand the magic of Kappas and why we are willing to sacrifice our lives for them!" And I reached my hand over Domingo's and Alberto be damned! "Thank you old friend." And I turned to Kayden and give him a large smile and he smiles back in understanding.

"Old?! Speak for yourself Izzy I am still the epitome of a virility and fabulousness!" And he smiles and goes back to the refrigerator and brings out two small bowls and puts it to the side... "For after my dear..."

"This has to be the best thing I've ever tasted in my entire life! I never thought a man would be able to touch me this way!" And I cannot stop laughing, is this how it's going to be? To be near him always? This goofy happiness! He takes a sip of the nectar, and his eyes widen looking at the glass. With a strange look on his face. 

"Is something wrong?" I ask. And he gives me a look... "Nothing and everything is wrong, if you don't mind mate, can we speak of this when we are alone? And through the bond I feel that he is loving the food, but I sense confusion a little bit of anger. We scarf down the food and we reach out to the little bowls and it just gets better! 

"That's breadfruit flan... my favorite type, it's basically a custard." He takes the spoon and the minute is hits his mouth he cannot stop smiling but I still feel something strange in our mate Bond. Then to top it off Domingo places two little cups of cortaditos, a very strong but delicious Cuban coffee which will keep you awake for days if you're not used to it!

"I'm sure there are larger coffee cups in the cupboards, Alexis has made flan for us but not this type." And even though there is a strange feeling in our mate Bond, I can feel so much pleasure coming from him.

"Oh no! You have to trust me on this, you do not want large coffee cup for THIS type of coffee. That size is more than enough!" We finish everything up and Kayden asks Nancy for a bottle of their best wine with two glasses. But I stopped Nancy and told her that the glasses will not be necessary to just uncork it and we will be on our way. Kayden looks at me strangely. "I know you want to make this romantic mate, but it's going to be a bother to carry those glasses. We can just drink it out of the bottle right? Remember we're leaving formalities behind between us." And he takes my hand in his and places a soft kiss on it sending shivers down my spine and making my heart race like a Fire Faerie!

"You're absolutely right gorgeous." We thank Domingo for the food and I asked him how the venison is coming along, and he assures me that there's nothing to worry about, and to just go out and relax.
###chapter 49: History Lesson 
Kayden's POV:

Deacon and I wanted to kill Delilah for her insolence! How dare she 'try' to humiliate my mate, even if it was completely unsuccessful. 

Loiza turned the tables so fast it looks like the Delilah's head will spin forever. Loiza was in complete control of the situation and when she kissed her, taking Delilah completely off guard seemed to be more effective than an uppercut, she didn't give Delilah any chance to annoy her... I hadn't seen anything like that! Besides the fact that's one of the hottest and funniest things I have seen a woman do. I have never seen any wolf take complete control over a situation that way and not go completely ape shit. She just kept on walking and going about her day, she even trolled Delilah on how pathetic she looked. And afterwards didn't even mention it at all, as if it never even happened!

Marcus's words haunt me... 'I saw an Alpha. A REAL Alpha...' And as happy as I was with her companionship, the knowledge her people have about true harmony in a pack... The devotion that a Chef showed for her and viceversa makes me understand now that Marcus was right. Even in my joy, I was troubled. I truly hope she teaches me to be a true Alpha, I'm more determined than ever to understand the ways of her people and implement them in my pack.

To be able to just simply have a meal with my mate and learn more about her had Deacon acting like a puppy. Being near her kept me calm even in the moments that I thought I would lose control. Just being able to take in her scent, to hear her laughter, to enjoy her smile, to feel her joy, had ME feeling like a pup.

I lead us to a clearing by a ledge overlooking the Virginia Hills... This is always been a place for me to come since I was a boy if I wanted peace. And yet I have never brought anyone here, not even Marcus.

She takes off her black cloak and placed it on the ground under the shade of a tree and takes a seat and looks at me with those beautiful amber eyes to sit next to her. Like an idiot I'm just gawking at her beauty and thinking how it would feel to finally make love to her and Mark her. Fuck, now I'm getting hard. I sit down next to her fast hoping she doesn't notice... I remember Marcus saying she was taking jading potion, I really need to get my hands on some. I uncorked the wine, she takes the joint that she was smoking and lights it up again with a simple snap of her fingers. It's not something we particularly indulge in but it seems to be something non taboo in her pack. She takes a puff and extends her hand for the bottle of wine, just as I'm about to hand it to her I playfully take it back and take the first sip. We did not speak a single word on our way here but she broke the silence in a playful way.

"What a gentleman!" She said sarcastically playing along with a lovely smile on her lips. But she doesn't lower her hand and she gestures me to hand it over or else, while she takes another puff of her joint, and I hand her the bottle as she offers me a puff as she takes a sip of wine. "This place is beautiful Kayden, thank you for sharing it with me." Her voice is like raw silk, that smooth raspy voice is sexy as fuck, and again I remember Delilah yelling at her with that annoying high pitched voice of hers harassing my mate.

"I want to apologize for what happened earlier with Delilah, I have made many mistakes...." I should have listened to Marcus all these years. 

"Why? I handled it. I am not one who tolerates petty bullshit or lingering on past stupidity Kayden." She said it while taking another sip of wine and looking over the hills like she didn't have a care in the world. And she handed me back the bottle. Uh oh, how to respond to reasonable logic? I didn't expect that curve ball.

"Um, to be honest... as you have clearly stated, we are not a harmonious pack like you--" She cuts me off. "Did you enjoy the food?" She clearly is over it and wants to pass the page. I love this woman!

"Definitely, that wasn't just lunch. It was an experience! I have never had a meal like that... Is that an everyday thing for your pack?!" For a moment I was jealous... Not of Domingo, well not latter, until I realized that it was unfounded... But of The Osupa. If this is common for them I might sign up!

"Well that's what happens when you use your resources correctly, Kappas are experts at their chosen craft. They train like any Warrior, but not as rigorous, we do not expect them to fight, they mostly work on becoming Masters of their craft. And once achieved they earn the title of Chef, for culinary artists, Master for the other arts, etc. 

We merely want them to be able to defend themselves in case we're not there to do it for them. Also that's what happens when you don't put Omegas who will never be as skilled at cooking. It makes no sense, they will never reach the expertise in the culinary arts as a Kappa, just like a Kappa will never be a Master healer like an Omega. So yes, this is an everyday thing. My older sister is a Kappa, and even though she is an architect, her eye for detail, perfectionism and experimentation makes her the token cook of our home. I don't ever remember her failing at making a wonderful meal. Just please don't tell her I said it!" And she starts laughing making me smile.

"And yes, like I said before, I am well aware of the lack of harmony here, but I was wrong to state your pack was the worst... Blue Moon beat you at that title. That's why I ordered High Priestess Cresta and the Priestesses to unleash hell on Blue Moon, you can be pretty sure that Moira will order you execute every single member of that pack except those who did not partake. A dead unicorn whose blood was drained is one of the most heinous offenses against the Goddess. But don't worry, I won't allow it to get to that." I can't believe my ears. 

"Marius killed a unicorn?! Have the Priestesses captured him?" So not only have my own parents offended the Goddess, but our neighboring pack too? Did Marius's Dad also break the Blood Oath?

"They have not, but I'm in no way shape or form worried for them. These women are powerful individually, and with the numbers I sent, they are invincible. When I order to unleash hell, I am not ordering the slaughter of the people, the same rule that applies to those who will be executed tomorrow applies for Blue Moon. My order is basically to rain terror the old fashioned way like a warlord. Apparently it's been going on for quite a while, and those who are innocent will see this day as one of horror and consequence for breaking the law of the Goddess. Unfortunately, without Moira present it fell onto me to give the order, but because I am Alpha of The Osupa I have to go through the humiliation of not joining them because it is an internal Avalon matter. Just like it falls upon to you mate to execute the will of the Goddess. I would have done it myself with pleasure, but I'm forbidden from touching Clarent." I feel like the class moron. Clarent?

She turns her head to look at me to get the joint again. "Kayden I want to apologize for what I said last night. I was outraged and the anger got the better of me. It's not your fault for now knowing something you are not taught, I am just very used to people who know all of this information. But keeping a question bottled in, instead of asking it keeps you in that state of ignorance. So if you have any questions I advise you to ask them. There's no shame on not knowing something, the shame comes from not actually learning about it when you have the opportunity to do so." And again I remember Marcus's words: 'I saw an ALPHA who is knowledgeable of everything that surrounds her.' And she's 19...

"Fair enough, I guess my first question is who is Clarent?" I really hope it isn't something obvious.

"Clarent is The Sword of Peace. The one you will be using to execute the slavers. I am forbidden from touching it because it contains a very powerful curse. The only person who can touch it from Avalon is Moira and it's because she is protected from head to toe by powerful spells and runes. No Priestess is allowed to touch it." She said plainly without any mocking tone. 

"Then it takes me to my next questions, why is that sword cursed? Why is it that you cannot touch it? Why does it send people directly to Hades and not to the realm of the Goddess?" I have been wondering this from this morning. And she looks a bit sad.

"Have you ever heard of The Sword in the Stone which gave King Arthur reign over Britannia?" Whoa, is that what that is?

"I have, is the Sword of Peace, The Sword in the Stone?" Marcus is not the only one who has gone to the library at the council but I have never heard of this and Marcus has never mentioned it.

"Yes, it was the sword embedded in stone declaring that he who shall retrieve it from the stone shall become king. It wasn't always a cursed blade, originally it was exactly what its name meant, The Sword of Peace. King Arthur would only use it for peace treaties and knighthoods, it was Excalibur the one he used to protect Camelot. Unfortunately it was also the blade that killed him. Morgana's great-great-grandmother Morgaine Le Fae gave birth to her and Arthur's son Mordred. She instilled so much hatred in the boy that he grew up to be something close to a monster. Morgaine retrieved the Sword of Peace and gifted it to her son, she wished him to be king, she would whisper in his ear that it was his Birthright. In the Battle of Camlann, Mordred achieved to kill King Arthur with the very blade which made him King. It's also known as Caliburn. That Cosmic irony cursed the blade forever. Every Priestess of Avalon it's forbidden from touching it because it can corrupt us, and with the amount of power we are granted by the Goddess we could potentially wreak havoc on the world should we wield it." She took a deep breath. I had heard some of the legends but I didn't actually believe them to be true, and most of the Legends don't even contain much of this information. The Sword in the Stone that I heard as a boy has three more names! And it makes absolute sense that she knows this information as a Priestess of Avalon. But it seemed not to be a secret among her people either, so they know exactly what it was since it wasn't even her who asked for it. And I see her became somber.
###chapter 50: Mission Failed
Kayden's POV:

"Kayden... Tomorrow when you hold it, be careful of it. Caliburn doesn't just corrupt the heart of a Priestess, it does it to anyone. It will speak to you. It will speak to Deacon. Perform the duty that has been assigned to you, unfortunately is yours alone to bear as Alpha of the pack who has slavers. So do what you must quickly... Once the blade gets a taste of blood, it will become more determined to corrupt its wielder. So the moment you are done with the last head let it fall to the ground and go directly to Daniella, no matter what anyone tells you don't stop just go to her, she will help expunge any corruption from you as quickly as possible. I'll make sure that she is ready to receive you and administer the treatment, do you understand me?" She looks at me with this sad face full of concern. And the question of my own parents comes to mind. How do I approach this?

"What would happen if I were to be fully corrupted by the blade, and is it just slavers who get this punishment? Or are there rules for other people to be executed this way?" And she rubs her face from stress... She takes another puff and another sip of wine.

"If... if you were to be corrupted fully by Caliburn with no chance of recovery, and started to wreak havoc you would be hunted down and brought directly to Moira for a swift execution with Excalibur. Being corrupted by Caliburn is not an unforgivable crime, the Goddess knows well the consequences of what she asks. She would not allow you to suffer in Hades, she would take you into her realm. To your other question, yes. If you have done a great offense in the eyes of the Goddess she would have you executed this way as well." And now I cannot wait for tomorrow to actually take the heads of these mother fuckers! To know that I can lose everything including my mind and mate because of these assholes is filling me up with rage.

She looks at me and takes my hand and the wonderful feel of her touch fills my heart and I am transported to her eyes. I reached for her face and cup her cheek in my hand and she rubs her face deeper into my it I go in to kiss her, I want her so badly, that now it's not just my heart that's swelling. I get very close that I can already feel her fresh breath on my face just when our lips are about to touch she pulls away and let's go of my hand. It felt like being in heaven one minute and having a bucket of cold water thrown on top of me the next. And I see through her long sleeve chiton style black robes the yellow shine of her Mark. And she takes another sip of wine and hands it back to me.

"I'm sorry. I have to keep my head as clear as possible. The weed and the wine are just relaxing me, but you... You are another thing entirely, I cannot afford to lose myself today." And she takes a deep breath. And I take her hand again... "I will love you forever, I want you to know that I understand, I won't push anything. I just have more questions and want to know you better, ok?" I still have a little more time and being with her this way is pushing me, the weed is helping though. "Could you hook me up with some of that jading potion?" And she starts laughing. 

"Let me guess, Marcus figured it out?!" And she takes a small vile with a white liquid from a hidden pocket in her robe.

"Well you were right about my brother being smarter than me!" Nothing new there.

"Here, you only need a very small sip and it will last 24 hours. Don't expect it to fully shut down your libido, you also have to focus, but you'll feel it instantly." And she hands it to me. And she's right, the moment I take a sip I feel way much more in control. 

"You're a cheater my beautiful mate! No wonder your mind is so clear!" Fascinating!

"Give it ten hours and then you have to put effort... Also your brother isn't necessarily smarter than you. It's just how Beta brain waves work, they're constantly assessing and observing their surroundings, and their brain waves adapt very quickly. But it is part of the importance of them and their contribution to the pack. A pack can have MANY Betas yet when it's one who serves by the Alpha their duties range from main advisor, overriding a very foolish order, taking control over the pack in case the Alpha is recovering from a serious wound or if the Alpha is going mad, to something as trivial to making sure the Alpha is not acting like a fool... Hence why we are speaking. You can't tell me you haven't studied this or that Marcus hasn't told you?" Marcus can override one of my commands?! Does HE know? I need to check on him and tell him everything I've learned. 

"I know somethings, yet other things you say I don't think he knows himself! Like having the ability to override one of my orders, and he spends A LOT of time in The Council's library." And she takes another sip of wine and another puff. 

"So you're telling me The Council is withholding this information from other packs? It makes no sense to allow an Alpha to run amok. The Beta is a counter balance, that's why I chose my brother, he won't let me get away from doing stupid shit. If an Alpha shows mayor mistakes in command a Beta has the ability to override an Alpha command. They have a particular phonetic apparatus in their vocal cords than can do this. Of course the proper conditions must be met for them to use it. If The Council doesn't want the packs to know this information it might explain what happened to Alpha Marius..." I HAVE to talk with Marcus, but I don't think It's what happened to Marius, if we ARE cursed this may happen to me! And I keep asking questions it seems The Council is not disclosing all information, and actively allowing packs to go amok because of it. 

"Loiza, has there ever been a Priestess executed by Caliburn?"

Loiza's POV:

That's a very specific and odd question to ask... To be a Master interrogator when you don't want to raise suspicion you must secure that the interrogated feels comfortable enough to freely give information. Of all the questions he has asked, THIS ONE is not like the others. His past questions I understood since they were related to general knowledge, but THIS... Why would he ask if a Priestess has had this fate? So I decide to answer nonchalantly and pay close attention to his reaction...

"Actually there have been 3 Priestesses executed with Caliburn... They're known as The Cursed Roses. As unicorns are known as the Diamonds of the Goddess, her Priestesses are considered as the most precious roses of her garden." I give this information in the hopes he bites the bait and asks me which were their crimes, and just as planed, my answer started to make him perspire on his forehead a bit, it was very subtle, but I noticed.

"What were their crimes to garnish such punishment?" And there it was... I still have not forgotten that his own mother had lost her Mark... It must have been a great crime indeed, but she was alive so I though that was the end of her criminal days, so I go ahead and tell him the story truthfully, and read his reaction.

"Well all three Priestesses had already committed so many infractions that they eventually lost their Marks. In most cases a Priestess will be punished by being striped of their power but our Mark is our life essence and helps guide us and gives us itching and pain to warn of us of danger. But if you have already lost your Mark and STILL you betray the will of the Goddess, yes, your life ends by Caliburn's blade... No exceptions." I can smell the salt of his sweat, hear the increased thumping of his heart, the dilation of his pupils. This answer has affected him, he's definitely hiding something. I decide to expand more so that he understands the consequences, but I am already suspecting what he is afraid of.

"The morning of the cataclysm in Karaya, a Priestess lost her Mark instantly. The only way the Goddess would do this is if a great betrayal has been done, however we still must find the culprit. But as an example of what I'm trying to explain, once this Priestess is found she will join the ranks of the Cursed Roses and be killed by Caliburn's blade, the Goddess will not want her in her Realm. We already have evidence that It was The Council who orchestrated the attack, the Priestesses are gathering all of the evidence to verify which Priestess has committed this heinous crime, once captured she will be interrogated until she gives the names of all those responsible and ALL shall taste Caliburn's steel. I hope that answers your question, since you are my mate I want you to be as knowledgeable of these things as possible." And I can definitely tell he does know something, but he doesn't say anything, and suddenly I become very depressed because I know what I must do to find the information I need from him, Goddess guide me...

"Yes, that definitely answers my question." He answers in an extremely gloomy voice and already I feel my heart ache. I have yet to tell anyone my plans, I must consult with Bayoán, Moira and Director Gloria on how to make sure I am successful. May the Goddess forgive me...
###chapter 51: The Sacrificial Lamb
Bayoán's POV: 

Just when I get the news from Yaya and Domingo that everything is on schedule for the ceremony, Izzy links me to gather Yaya, Moira, Braka, Ura, and Morgana and meet her at Director Gloria's tent for something urgent. I can already tell by her tone and the fact that it's still not sunset that her talk with Kayden didn't get the result she wanted... she said she had a plan to get the information she needed one way or another. 

I do as she commands and go to Director Gloria's tent. She's still with Claudia and Ameyro contacting every member gather at the new rendezvous at the North East Shore and selecting the proper spies to infiltrate The Council.

"Beta, we were not expecting you! Anything new?" Gloria looks exhausted. She has always taken her work very seriously. 

"Apparently so director, the Alpha has ordered for us to meet again..." Claudia gives a little yawn and excuses herself, she too has been working non stop. "Well at least we shan't be empty handed, we got word from Natalia and the Franch deal!" She is smiling, so I asume it was successful. This will at least give Izzy hope. Little by little everyone arrives. 

"Beta I am very busy gathering all the evidence for a proper war declaration! What in the Goddess's sacred name are you calling me for?!" Always with the attitude. 

And then we can hear Izzy's voice outside: "Thank you for your escort Kayden, but I was linked about something urgent about the ceremony." She said as calmly as she could. 

"I understand Love... I know that your people will honor your dead, but... is it ok if we observe?" Ugh! Just go already!

"Bayoán didn't tell you? You're our hosts! You're all invited, just tell your people to wait for the formal part to be done, when the feast begins everyone can mingle. I'll see you then Kayden." He lingers before we finally hear him leave and Izzy enters the tent clearly frustrated. 

"General, create a perimeter, everything spoken here can't be heard by anyone." And she serves herself a glass of water and sits. 

"At once Cacique!" And he links warriors to create a perimeter. 

"Moira, I know your work is important, but I need the council of ALL OF YOU if this is to succeed." And Moira's humor relaxes. 

"You weren't able to get him to spill it out were you?" I ask her.

"No. And now I suspect him even more. So the plan you wanted to hear is a go but I need help..." She is clearly very upset. 

"Izz, calm down what do you need from us? What's your plan?" Ura asks while she takes another sip. And she is loosing control...

"I'm miserable, you have a Twin Soul and I don't trust my mate! My intuition is telling me he knows something about what happened to Karaya. However, to get the information I will have to do something that I never thought I would have to do."

"Izzy, what are you talking about?" I ask her. What in Hades is she talking about? And I can smell the weed and wine and look a Ura and he nods at me that she is indeed high. 

"I'm going to have to betray the mate Bond..." And she puts her face in her hands.

"Loiza put yourself together! You're a Priestess of Avalon and an Alpha!" Moira says shocked by Izzy's attitude. 

"Am I?! Will I be anything after I do what must be done?!" I kneel before her with a moist handkerchief to wipe her face. 

"Ok, breath sister, what is your plan?" I try to soothe her while both Moira and Yaya's Marks shine yellow. 

She takes a deep breath. "Tomorrow is the full Moon, I will be almost out of control of myself. He didn't volunteer the information we need and if before I suspected he knew something, now I am almost certain of it. So I will TAKE the intel I need tomorrow night when I release as many pheromones as I can and entice him to complete the mating ritual." And Gloria stands from her chair at this! While Moira and Yaya gasp in horror. This has always been a very taboo practice. 

"Alpha! That is for extreme circumstances! You could injure yourself!" Gloria says. Would she be willing to go that far?!

"And what do you call THIS Director?" And I see many confused faces. 

"I will use the full Moon to my advantage... Kayden's control will be at his weakest too and will be more than eager to proceed with the mating ritual. I will need every available Priestess focused on my brain waves to keep me in check the moment I claim him I will look in his mind for the truth. Morgana, IF Blood Moon had ANYTHING to do with what happened to Karaya, I will need a mate block spell ASAP to not receive his side of the Bond so that I may proceed with my duties, General, we will need those planes fueled and everyone ready to evacuate so please get the pilots and experts on that." Everyone is as silent as the grave.

Moira sits with Yaya's help. She looks very conflicted by this. We all are!

This piques Director Gloria's interest... "Alpha, like I said this has always been used as a last resort! There have been many very well trained spies who have failed this assignment! You think you're ready for this?"

"Pray tell me which other resort do you have Director? I'm all ears and remember we're not just talking about those in our pack that we are going to take with us, I will not leave those we freed from bondage in these cursed lands. So STEAL another plane if you have to, have the joined power of every Priestess if you have to, I don't care
just do what you must to get it DONE. I will use the power of the Moon itself to help my endeavor, so my mind will be focused solely on that." I see pain in Urayoán's face.

He takes her in his arms kissing her forehead, she looks like she's about to cry.

"All of those who died... They died because The Council wanted our tech? They were willing to commit genocide to acquire more power?!" She says...Ura looks at me with pleading eyes. 'Brother, we can't allow this! It could break her!' He's right, this particular way of gathering intel has driven many to madness. 

'That's why she's already thinking ahead making Morgana cast the blocking spell if the moment arises that she finds incriminating information.' I link Morgana. 'My love, go and make sure you have everything you need to be ready to cast that spell the SECOND this goes south.' She kisses me and goes. 'I will cast the strongest one in my grandmother's book. I hope it's enough!' She links while on her way to Morgaine's book. 

"Izz, there has to be another way! We can interrogate him, torture him if we must!" Ura says. And Izzy gasps at this and starts shaking... Always shooting from the hip!

"Urayoán for fucks sake! Stick to tracking and hunting! Look at our sister at what you said! If someone were to treat YOUR mate like that, how would YOU feel?! Now THINK how Blood Moon will react when we arrest their Alpha and take him to the dungeons... What do you suspect would happen? As much as I hate Izzy's plan, it's the best one to get the information we need without raising any alarm from Blood Moon and still have a chance of keeping her mate in the eventuality he is innocent. Usually people don't pay attention to that 20 seconds after the second mate makes the claim and the Bond becomes complete... This could work." I look at Moira... "My Lady, is there an able place where we can port those the Lady Cresta brings from Blue Moon?" She is looking a bit ill but she's holding. 

"T-there's... we can finish clearing Atabey General, there will be more than enough space for them all, a portal this size will requiere all repair from the Priestesses to stop for at least 24 hours, I will call Ayana to bring more portal Priestesses." She says still not believing what we're about to do. 

And then Izzy asked the questions that I know terrifies her: "Did Kayden's mother help in trying to destroy us and he's keeping this information?!" It's just above a whisper, but loud enough for us to feel her pain, her doubt. "We are vulnerable here, my Mark and Yaya's hasn't stoped itching since we arrived and there's only one way for me to get the intel we need without raising any suspicion that we KNOW that we are in danger. Has Cresta come back with the victims of Blue Moon?"

Moira sends a message through her opal ring. "They are on their way with them and the dead unicorn." 

"We don't want to raise anymore curiosity from this pack; while we perform tonight's ceremony take as many of them and those still to weak from here like Maco's mate, to Atabey General, also as much medical personnel needed, I need Daniella here... at least until after the execution..." Her voice breaks a little but she pushes thought, I am glad Ura is giving her comfort, even I want to go to her, I can literally feel my baby sister's heart shattering. "I want two Truth Seers in charge of verifying any potential spies from... ANYWHERE... ask Phoebe for her help as well, her powers are beyond just a mere Truth Seer, she will be able to read anyone who has the wrong intentions with regards to our pack. Moira, I am grateful to you and Avalon for your help, but I need another... Bayoán has a list with those who have already been approved to join our pack. I was going to initiate tomorrow. Can you please grant them entry to our pack and link? I will need every drop of my blood for this endeavor." Moira goes to her and Ura allows her to take Izzy from him, and she holds Izzy like the day she was 14 and we got her from the grand docks of Avalon. "It shall be done as you say brave girl." Moira can be many things but she LOVES and is devoted to every single one of her Priestesses and SHE insisted that Izzy be her own pupil in Avalon.

She is willing to give up the Blessing of her mate for the pack. By now I should know she would be willing to go to any lengths to protect it... I don't know if I could sacrifice Morgana and that thought makes me very uneasy.

"How sure are you that Kayden is hiding this information sister?" I have a feeling that this choice will give her a lot of pain.

"My intuition has it right now at 78%." I see her gulp, will the Goddess forgive her for this?

"You're right then, if we are in the position we're in everyone we know is exposed and every minute here is dangerous... We will fill up the plains. Lady Moira were the Priestesses able to clear out runway back in Karaya?" She still has Izzy in her arms. 

"We cleared the airport and the engineers where almost done fixing the equipment from the tower." She contacts someone... at the other side a Priestess answers: "Everything in the airport is clear and functioning My Lady, we are able to receive planes."

"There is your answer Beta." She says looking at how miserable Izzy looks. To Izzy... "Loiza, in the worst case scenario I will get an audience with the Goddess so that there are no major repercussions from this decision and if your mate is indeed guilty you might be able to cut the mate Bond altogether and we can get you a second chance mate." Izzy wiggles herself out of Moira's arms.

"We will cross that bridge when we get to it, I shan't talk of breaking any Bond now." She says bitterly as she composes herself. 

Gloria goes back to her chair in deep thought. 

"I guess it's a good thing that you are quite an able spy... Once you get the Intel we need, link us immediately so we know how much time we have. Does that sound like a solid plan to you Alpha?" And Izzy takes another sip of water while nodding in approval to the plan that will turn her into a sacrificial lamb. 
###chapter 52: Regret of Rejection
Kayden's POV:

It was great spending time with Loiza... then why do I have this bittersweet taste in my mouth. I link Avis so he can inform the pack of the conditions for atending tonight's ceremony for the Osupa, while on my way to Marcus' room when Nancy stops me...

"Alpha, sorry to disturb you, but a young she wolf is waiting in your office." Fuck, just what I need... I don't even ask what she wants, I go to my office ready to kick out some thirsty hoe, yet what I find is nothing like that. 

"Alpha Kayden, I need your help!" A girl more or less my age, with short dark chocolate hair and very big green bloodshot eyes, in tears and a nasty bruise on the side of her face, the epitomy of a nervous breakdown. And she throws herself at my feet. 

"Whoa, whoa, hey! What's your name and what help do you seek?" I hand her a box of tissues and sit on my chair offering and empty chair across from my desk. She dries her tears but the tears keep flowing. 

"Alpha, I am Diana, and I made a terrible mistake! When The Osupa arrived I found my true mate among them... but I was already with someone, so I rejected him...the very second I did this I felt sick but ignored it and went home to my...husband." She blew her nose and went on... "He has been pushing for pups for some time now, but not even a hint." I've known Logan since we were kids and we promised that if we ever found our true mates we would reject them. So when I got home, I told him what happened to make him happy. He got angry instead! He started calling me a whore and that now that I have found my mate he wouldn't be able to trust me!" She started sobbing and blowing her nose. "I don't even know HIS name, but I can't stop thinking of him! I tried to see him again, but the Osupa Beta will not even give me his name... he found out I was married and told me to return to my husband and that they're trying to negotiate with the Goddess to cut our Bond, but..." And she literally falls again to her knees begging! "PLEASE Alpha! I don't want my husband! I don't know the name of my mate, but I feel like I NEED HIM! PLEASE plead my case to Alpha Loiza! Logan's mood has been getting more violent each year... I thought if I gave him the pup he wants he would be the same old Logan, I thought if I assured him that I rejected my mate he would love me again! Today he found out I have been trying to contact my mate and... and..." She just turned into a whailing ball. What the fuck!

"Ok, Diana I need you to try to calm down!" I link Nancy to bring a sedative and some tea. 

"He raped me, beat me and said I was just some worthless Omega who didn't deserve his protection." Shit...

"Who is your husband, do you wish for a divorce?" She looked at me with her sad pretty eyes. I just want my mate's name at LEAST. I know I have destroyed everything, but maybe his name will console me." If only... Nancy arrives with what I ask. And I remember Nancy is also an Omega... what kind of a healer would she have been had her strength be nurtured. I have a LOT of correcting to do in this pack. "Nancy stay with Diana here, I have to go handle something."

I first go check on Marcus, he did mention this and last I saw him he was having a meltdown of his own. I entered his room and I see the Healer Tatiana giving him a pale green liquid and him looking very well. 

"Brother, here I was ready for the worst yet you're good!" And he smiles at me!

"Yeah I barely remember anything after the Priestess of Avalon pulled out that sword... Master Tatiana has been putting my mind back together." He said merrily.

"He is ready to continue his Beta duties Alpha, but he must continue taking the medicine I made, it's specifically made for him taking his blood type, genetic coding and Beta brain waves into account. Now remember Beta, one sip at dawn and the other at dusk just like I administered now. Enjoy the ceremony tonight and tomorrow we'll have another talk to see how you're doing, doctors orders, understood?" He puts the bottle by his bedside and thanks her. 

"Master Tatiana there is a girl in my office who could use your help, would you mind checking on her?" I explain the situation...

"It will be my pleasure to help the girl... but her problem is fixable. Our Beta follows a lot of his father's, the old Beta's, teachings and we are very pleased that the Cacique chose him. But between us, Bayoán can be a stickler for protocol. If her true mate is willing to forgive her the Beta has no say in the matter, this would not be the first time in our history were we have been rejected by an outsider and it got solved. I'll go to the girl, but go directly to Loiza with this... if the girl truly had a change of heart, our Alpha will take it into consideration." She gives us a warm smile and she starts to leave to my office.

"Do you truly not fear to speak your mind about your Beta?" Pffffft! And she just laughts "By the Goddess, Alpha! We have free speech! We can say what we want of whomever, do you guys have a Gestapo type milicia or something?!" And she leave laughing. 

"Is it true? Are you yourself again?" I ask Marcus hesintanly. 

"Kayden I don't think I'll ever be the same. In 24 hours Tatiana has done more for my mental stability than years of me trying to figure it out myself. But I feel like I can see very clearly now." I tell Marcus everything that I learned from Loiza and he remains calm. 

"That information is definitely not at The Council's library. But it makes sense. The Osupa are very in tune with the will of the Goddess who is also Goddess of balance. I am going to take a shower and change, go to your mate, tell her about Diana and plead her case. It would be a shame to loose an able warrior like her dearest husband, because of us having to put down a rabid dog down. I'll check who he is. Which takes me to another question, when are you telling Loiza about Lydia?" Is he mad? 

"Marcus! I just told you what would happen to her if they find out!" And he just facepalms himself... 

"By the Goddess brother, I can't leave you alone for shit!.. KAYDEN! You ASKED Loiza about the 'What's if's of Priestesses!' How long do you suspect she or her Beta, who Yeah, I AGREE with you! I can't posibly belive I will say 'YOUR RIGHT KAYDEN!' Is a goddessdamn BEAST. He used to be intimate with The Prime Priestess of Avalon, basically the Goddess's VOICE on Earth.

"So he serves as a filter between the Lady Moira and your mate without having your mates loyalty questioned, yet not be a puppet. BRILLIANT! And POOF! Not just do they have a masterful and powerful Alpha, they have crowned a Queen! So let's do the math...she is Gamma born, raised in Avalon, tought strategy by her father, a Beta, who has adapted her own brain waves to follow that pattern, was thought stealth, traking and hunting from her damn Alpha mother, was breast by a Luna and thought combat by General Braka,  another Beta! Brother... she probably ALREADY knows! You MUST tell her in Goodwill so we and posibly the pack be spared! Maybe negotiate! Even with her suspicion, she loves you as mate... she has put Daniella, whom from what I hear is the Alpha Healer, she is sole healer to the Alpha's Fort and the elite. She serves the people now as the final consultant to determine the rarest diseases... so she has already ordered her best healer, prepared for a malady for which they have a cure just for YOUR care, brother. She is puting her TOP dog... to make sure that you're treated for!

"If you're not going to confess she will find a way to get that information and in a smart way." And I can't belive the hole I have dug for myself. I had not taken many of Marcus's points into account. But if she does leave Daniella I still may have a chance to persuade her... but how do they expect me to take my mother's head off? SHIT!

"Brother meet me at the medical tent if Diana's mate is recieving therapy, I guess he will be there." I tell him now in my paranoid version. 

"Kayden, tell her or we might find ourselves with that blade over our neck!" How could they put me in this position?!

I cross the front grounds determined to at the very least help Diana. I go to the tent where I left Loiza but was stoped by some Warriors. 

"I need to speak with your Cacique at once!" I say loud enough so she hears me herself. I see her come out of the tent followed by her Beta, Yaya, Braka and The Priestess of Avalon, who doesn't even look at me, she walks into a portal and is gone.

"Loiza, I have something urgent to speak with you!" She looks at her brother and nods.  The Warriors let me pass, and I try to look casual. I walk up to her and explain the Diana situation... she looks at me with a cold expression for what felt like days. She looks at her brother again clearly linking him. And he just shrugs. 

"Take me to this Diana's mate." Her Beta rolls his eyes and shoots daggers at me. And he leads us to the tent for mental trauma. Inside it has more people than the one for physical trauma. We reach a young Warrior, a Gamma from his build. Loiza goes to a doctor and I can see she links her the situation, and the doctor nods and now addressing the patient: "Arasibo, remember what we talked of posibilities?" His eyes look dead, but he looks at her and nods. 

"Well one of the those posibilities has ocurred, now it's up to YOU how to proceed, ok?" She explains everything that happened since last he saw his mate from Diana's recount to me. "She is in Alpha Kayden's office right now, we can go and have a chat
..." She looks at me asking permision, I nod immediately. "... or you can flat out reject her, and possibly give up the Blessing of the Goddess and try to find peace." He closes his eyes and see him take a deep breath and his eyes sudently open with a turquoise glow, his gaze on me. Canines out and he launges himself at me...I am an unmarked Alpha with his mates scent on me!

"SIBO STOP!" And he fell midair by Loiza's Alpha command. "Bring the girl HERE, if she wants redemption, let her come seek it, no one will stop her." And she gives a cold look at her brother while walking out the tent followed by Arasibo and his doctor. We go two tents over where it looks like a makeshift office for Loiza she sits at her desk in deep thought. And Diana comes in followed by Tatiana...

"Is it true? Are you taking back your rejection?" Arasibo asks. 

"Can I have your name mate...?" She asks in a very weak voice.

"No, you may not! You can't ask for consolation from me, either you're my mate or you're not." Loiza didn't take her cold eyes from Diana and I signal to her for a word. And her eyes went from bright amber to molten gold my way in less than a second. A warning, as they return to Diana and stay gold. I felt pure rage through our Bond. 

"Make your choice girl! Or I'll make it for you. Both Loiza and Arasibo speak in one voice and Loiza's eyes are now all white, the Goddess herself is speaking through her! Diana understood what was going on, she taped into her mate Bond with Arasibo. 

"I choose the mate bestowed upon to me by the Goddess, he KNOWS he has never left my thoughts. He KNOWS my pain and I know his, I am sorry!" She falls begging on her knees. And Arasibo goes to her and lifts her from the floor and takes in her scent and she closes her eyes breathing his. He starts kissing her and Loiza stands up and tells everyone to leave and to Arasibo...

"Sibo I asume you will be on active duty soon?" He nods while kissing his mate starting to undress her... "Good, now make sure not to go near your mate's EX-husband or I guarantee you you will not enjoy her for long, understood?" And he nods again. "Alpha Kayden I suggest that the girl's EX-husband stay away from the now member of my pack unless he has a death wish... I may be no genie but I LOVE granting those." We walk out and we hear them exange names. And the sounds of zippers and moans. While Loiza joins the others back to their original tent. 
###chapter 53: Honoring the Dead
Marcus's POV:

I walk towards Kayden who is returning to the pack house with a grim face.

"What happened, did Diana's mate reject her?" We walks pass me... "Let's talk in my office get Avis and Gabriel." I link them both while following an aggravated Kayden. Once we reach the office...

"What's going on now? Did he reject her?" He sits with a glass of whisky and takes a sip. He goes ahead and tells me what happened and I can read between the lines. Avis and Gabriel arrive. 

"Did you verify who is this Logan who WAS Diana's husband?" Kayden's mood did a full on 180⁰ from the last time he saw his mate.

"Yes Alpha! He usually patrols the southern border between the river and Blue Moon." Kayden links Logan to come here. "After my conversation with Logan I will need you two to stand guard in front of the old Alpha and Luna's room. I want to know what their condition is and I want them monitored, they are forbidden from communicating with anyone and anyone who gives them the time to talk or write will loose their tongue and be banished, am I clear?!" They both respond... "Cristal Alpha!"

A man I asume is Logan enters... "Logan, right?" Kayden just got to it... and he gestures Logan to sit. 

"Logan I have some news that might be painful so I wish to be the first in offer my sympathy, and want you to know that we are here for you as your pack." Usual condolences for someone who has lost a mate. Yet he looks confused. 

"By the Goddess Alpha did my mother die or something?!" Kayden looked at him, his healing knuckles, his demeanor. 

"No Logan, you're now ex-wife has gone to her true mate, he has forgiven and accepted her. Make sure to stay well away from them, the Osupa Alpha has already decreed a KOS (kill on sight) on you should you go to her." Kayden kept it short and bitter. Logan lost his shit! 

"WHAT DO YOU MEAN MY EX WIFE?! DIANA IS MINE!" He shifts right there in the office and we run behind him. 'We need to catch him before he gets his exes scent mixed with her new true mate, their Alpha has already decreed death if he broke that rule! And we don't have the numbers to defend the idiot!' Kayden says linking us while we shift jumping out of the pack house. 'Alpha isn't their Alpha our Luna? Would she kill people of her pack like that?!' Avis just throws that out there. Ugh! I catch Diana's scent and Loiza's... Fuckingshitdamnit! 'Avis I'll explain if we fucking survive THIS, but so far what does the mate BOND of the Osupa look like to YOU?!' Gabriel bites down on Logans ankle. 'It looks like a shit show to me Beta!' Gabriel is able to hold him down. 'You're damn RIGHT!' And we are mere two meters from Diana and Loiza! 

And Loiza just looks at the show... "And here Diana dear, you'll probably understand what I mean when I say my wrath is a whole different thing entirely from an average Alpha." And both Loiza and Diana had pretty pleasant smiles... 

We all launch at Logan keeping him pinned and who I imagine is Arasibo comes behind Diana wrapping his arms around her waist licking his Mark. And I swear he is testing Logan, his adrenaline is pumping making him get stronger. Kayden gets up and orders Logan home with his Alpha voice. Everything happened so fast! 

"Logan I command you return home, cool down and accept what happened!" He stands up shooting daggers at Diana's neck where the fresh mate Mark is... "You go on and take my seconds pup! That bitch's womb is dry, just ash and dust like her pussy!" Sibo, moves forward and when I see Loiza not stop him... "Logan keep your mouth CLOSED, Avis, Gabriel, escort him home!" It's getting harder for them, he is resisting Kayden's Alpha command. 

"Alpha Loiza, please stop your man!" Kayden pleads with her, and she gives us the coldest stare I've ever seen, her eyes are gold and her canines are extending. 

"I gave a warning Alpha! What kind of Alpha would I be if I allow a warning to be challenged?! Do YOU allow YOUR warnings challenged Alpha? Do YOU Beta? I suggest you make way, Arasibo loves putting down Deltas who beat Omegas." She made a very important point, if she does lets this go, her reign, her rule, her every command could be challenged. She is even allowing the grieved party to fight for his mate and she is clearing the air that Diana's ex was a wife beater. 

"You're right Loiza! But you said he was challenging you, shouldn't YOU be be the one who puts that challenge down?" Kayden says. 'What the fuck are you thinking Kayden?' He is silent for a moment... 'Logan dug his own grave, I just want to see how she shuts it down.'

"So you would prefer for me to turn Logan here into dust versus allow him to try to fight for his honor? Is that your way? Then I shall comply... Sibo, go to your mate. Let this be a warning for whomever wishes to try to test my patience, my orders or my authority!" Suddenly the ground opens just under Logan and he is pulled down with a piercing scream and the earth just closes again crushing Logan to dust. It just took an instant! We couldn't believe our eyes, and the Osupa present take a knee in reverence and start howling! 'Were you expecting her to shut it down like THAT?!' I ask Kayden. 

'She is full of rage, I felt it in our Bond.' He answers. 'So you're telling me you sacrificed a man to test her temper?' Is he insane? 'No, I sacrificed a DEAD man to test her temper. She's been acting very different from this afternoon. I think you are right brother... I think she knows about Lydia. I will wash up and tell her everything after the ceremony.' He dusts himself off. "Avis, Gabriel, do what I ordered you to do!" And they are both staring at the place in the ground where what is left of Logan's remains lie, which looks like it was undisturbed. "GO!" He shouts. 

Loiza's gaze is on him like a hawk, until she just walks towards where they have their ceremony set up. Kayden goes to the house and I follow, I have to shower again and I suddenly see The Osupa's Beta leaning on a nearby tree with a wicked smirk on his face. And he follows his sister... they do know!

I reach Kayden and I link: 'I think you're right, I think they know, shower and meet me here we must talk with them!' He is very thoughtful... 'What am I going to say Marcus?! Can that Beta brain of yours come up with a good explanation?!' I start hearing the drums in the distance, they have begun. 'I'll try to think of something, but try to find something through your mate Bond! I'll meet you here in 15 minutes." And I go clean all the Logan off of me. 


Loiza's POV:

Not only did he allow that pest to challenge my order, HE openly challenged ME! 

"Izzy wait! We need to talk about what just happened..." Great I don't need his shit right now! "I know that your control level is at a minimum, but do you really think that was necessary?! A lot can happen between today and tomorrow. Kayden wasn't trying to challenge you, he was testing your temper. You're letting him know that we suspect him! Use your brain Loiza, with that control you won't be able to succeed in tomorrow's mission!" The drums have begun, the pyre is lit, the chalice with the 13 livers ready. 

Yaya starts as Hight Priestess, she gives a recount of the history of our people... originally 13 small packs turned to five, until we united into one tribe and how in spite our losses, great Blessings shall come and I catch the scent of fresh rain and pines, so I try to focus... "To this fire we bestow the hearts and brains of those hunted so that it's energy may liberate their mind and spirit, this chalice holds the livers of the hunted, we cast them also to the flames to purify any corruption from our people, so that we may heal with a clean wound." And with a clap of my hands the chalice starts burning almost white flames with blue tips... 

Moira and Cresta must be moving those from Blue Moon and those who still need more time to recover to Karaya if we are on schedule. Yaya continues the ceremony while I can't help but continue to watch the flames. Now that I know most of Karaya is intact I clearly remember watching the whole island go up in smoke... Was that glamour to make sure we didn't return? Not only were they, willing to kill us, they didn't want us back at all... The warriors didn't find The Council soldiers in Itiba City, they were invading through Uguaca Bay. Were they so sure that we would not return, and were having a tour? Did they know most our technology is in Itiba or was it a distraction? I link everything to Bayoán. I feel him look at me: 'Your part of the ceremony is done, follow me discreetly.' 

'I feel Kayden is in the crowd looking for me...' He starts smelling the air trying to find his scent, but I point out exactly where he is. Bayo takes my wrist and pulls me in a different direction in the crowd and we head towards Director Gloria's tent. I hear the sounds of the drums raising and the smell of the food and the mood of the people lighten while mine becomes darker. 'Bayoán, I am not feeling like myself or in any type of control! I want to do to someone else what I did to Sibo's opponent earlier again.' Yeah I should be angry, but all I feel is rage and I feel I'm loosing control over it, I feel my temperature rising by the time we reach Gloria's tent. I hear Bayoán link to Braka... 'General de need another perimeter around makeshift OPIA HQ.' 'On it.' Braka responds.

"Izzy I don't think your body can wait till tomorrow, since you met Kayden your body has begun the procreation process. Not only is the Moon taking your control, it's making you more fierce and it's activating your Heat. Kayden already suspects that we know. Director what's your assessment?" Gloria stands and puts her hand to my face feeling my temperature. 

"Her Heat is coming but not yet, not right now, how is this possible?! Anyway I recommend we stay on schedule, Alpha, no more jading potion, get Daniella in here! We need an alternative, but with the Moon full AND her Heat, her mate won't question anything, when the Moon raises tomorrow his Alpha blood will destroy this entire pack to get to her. So I suggest the Cacique be hidden away most of the day and be in full meditation, she will need to be as focused as possible...THIS won't do." Wonderful, I will be a sex crazed lunatic by this time tomorrow! I REALLY want this, I REALLY, REALLY want him but I have to focus on those 20 seconds. 

"Sister, we have more news." Ok? "The mission in France was more of a success than we hoped for." This DOES interest me!

"Did Alpha Antoine agree to everything?" And they both smile at each other. 

"Not only that, but their closest allies, Oceani Luna from Sardinia joined, both Alphas lay down their titles at your feet... That's over 8,000 more wolves added to our numbers... All have passed Umbros' Truth Seers ability. Natalia already sent images of their living conditions and daily attacks, it has made them strong, but their mental state is being tested they are willing to give it up for peace." Peace?

"Do the KNOW we are heading for WAR?!" And he takes my shoulders. 

"They ARE! Antoine and Alpha Cesar are no fools sister, they are aware Avalon backs us, they prefer that than the war The Council is waging on them. Their enemies are backed by The Council." I think about this for a moment. 

"And no problems with a FEMALE Alpha? No 'special' conditions I should know about?" I usually know how these treaties go down, I ain't marrying anyone!

"At first they did want a marriage contract until they saw a video of when the Goddess crowned you, which has gone viral in supernatural cicles, may I add... they let it go after that!" Good! 

"And ALL passed Umbros questions?" Bayo nods. I know Umbros doesn't leave out details, my cousin is a LOT like Maco and Bayo... he sees everything and likes to double check and Tía Ayiti trained them herself to ask the correct questions every time. He knows how to look into someone like Moira, if he says its clear, I trust it. As the drums keep sounding in the distance I give the order to allow BOTH Lune Premier and Oceani Luna to pack up and head to Karaya as I sign the digital contract. 
###chapter 54: Healthy Enough to Mate 🌶🌶🌶
Phoebe's POV:

Ever since I saw Jacob I can't contain myself to be near him and take in his scent of sandalwood. He was so eager to perform the mating ritual immediately but he was still to weak... I hope those animals at Blue Moon get their comeuppance! I just came back from helping verify every victim brought from Blue Moon to send directly to Karaya... most of the physically injured here have been sent as well with enough medical personnel to take care of them without raising an alarm here. 

The pain in their eyes was heart-wrenching, however there were seven who TRIED to pass as victims, they weren't even innocent bystanders. I was able to detect them immediately and were sent to the dungeons at once, I can't wait to see their heads roll tomorrow. But most of all I can't wait to leave this place, to know I have a place and a love of my own! I will pledge my life to see Queen Loiza's vision be a reality even though she doesn't see it yet, but the Goddesses are guiding her every step. When she asked me to help with this mission I read the Goddess inside her. she doesn't know herself...

I gave her my Oath to serve her at her personal Council as her official Truth Seer... It was an honor when she asked. She gave me a gadget that will record every bit of data from my grand mother's book of peering inside peoples minds for over 5 millennia, The Book of Fate, Fortuna and Truth, the Romans called it Fides vero FortunaeIt... but in the Old Language it's The Creideamh, Fortún agus Fírinne... It will only take 5 seconds but getting inside the Seelie Court is not so easy. Lucky for me I can turn invisible, but that doesn't take my scent. So I am waiting for the scent eliminating potion for my species and my blood type is prepared. The moment I have it I am off to get that book, old bitch won't even know there's a copy. I hope the Goddess guides me too, one wrong move in the Seelie Court and next thing you know you are traped inside a Willow for a 100 years!

I arrive at my tent and see my mouth watering mate washing his naked torso. You can tell he has been subjected to torture and starvation, yet the short with The Osupa has helped him recover VERY WELL and very fast. He is already looking like what I imagine he will once fully healed and my NEED for his touch grows. 

I didn't have to say anything, he smelled me the moment I came in and he must smell my arousal... He looks at me with pitch black eyes, canines extended and a very hard member! He walks over to me as if I were his next meal... I really hope so! He kisses me and as one of his canines cuts part of my lip he retracts them and suckles at my cut gently. "Sorry my little faerie, your scent has been driving me crazy..." He whispers in my ear making every hair of my body stand on edge. I feel myself getting wet at his words. I let out a small moan and he picks me up and lies me on the bed... His eyes never leave mine while he lifts my skirt to get a better smell and his smile is making my body shiver. He keeps raising my skirt while going to my mouth and while deeply kissing me he slips his finger down me knickers and starts massaging my clit and now my hips can't stop moving. 

"You look so beautiful my love and you are mine!" He says kissing my lips and moving towards the straps of my dress unveiling my left breast and taking it in his lips making me close my eyes and breathing deep letting out a sigh. "Have you done this before mate?" He asks right by my ear. "No, I am a little afraid Jacob." He shushes me gently and swears he will not hurt me. But I want to show him everything... I push him a bit, I may be a virgin but I DO KNOW that this drives men and women crazy, I am fae, and sex is VERY natural. He looks confused but he will understand in a moment. I take off all my clothes before him. "Now you." I ask him and a wide smile is plastered on his face... And I haven't shown him yet. 

He takes of his jeans and a plop hits his chiseled abdomen revealing my prize! If this is him in recovery I can't imagine him at his best!

"Are you ready my love?" I ask

"I have been ready for you since I was 16 and never did I imagine I would get a goddess such as you!" He's adorable, he doesn't know what he's in for...

"Ok, don't blink!" And I unfold my yellow, purple and silver wings and his jaw drops and already there's pre cum on his tip. I drop to my knees to take it and savor his taste. And he can't take it anymore, he picks me up and throws me on the bed spreading my legs and drinking every juice my body can produce while playing with my clit softly and entering gently with his fingers, while sparks stimulate me till my mind is jello...

I can't stop moaning and when he finally looks at me again with his black eyes I can't take it anymore and I feel every muscle of my body contract and just as I am releasing myself he enters me hard masterfully breaking my hymen without pain, I am VERY lubricated... And it increases my orgasm and he turns me around and keeps plowing me! My orgasm doesn't stop and my wings and eyes start to shine like neon lights which intensifies Jacobs growls, I Iook back at him and the moment he sees my eyes he roars spilling inside me, extending his canines again and marking me between my neck and shoulder. He keeps pumping into me and his bite has become deeper, giving me so much pleasurable pain while roaring! After he pumps his last drop he retrieves his canines, licking the area clean and I push him on his back...

Jacob's POV:

Just her Irish accent alone drives me crazy and then she shows me those amazing glowing wings! And her scent and taste of cherry tart and wild flowers... oh man! I never imagined it would be this good! She pushes me on my back and I can see her in her full glory... her soft small breasts jiggling up and down as she impales herself on me, her wings are now the only source of light in the tent and I can't help but hold on to her hips and push mine up to give her all of me. 

Her cat pupils dilate and her mischievous smile is driving me to my edge again! Is this my life now? If I had to go through all that shit I did to have THIS?! I don't even have feelings of revenge anymore... I want my mate, I can't wait to be Osupa and from what Phoebs tells me we will be leaving soon, the Alpha clearly likes her, but I owe her not just our lives but our future. 

I can feel myself cumming again and Phoebe's momentum increases, her fangs are exposed and her eyes are illuminating the entire tent and when I feel the cascade coming from her and I cum as hard as I ever have the moment she impales my neck letting blood ride down and she just scoops it up with her tongue as she licks it clean to form a perfect mate Mark! I fall back on the pillow holding on to her waist like a life preserver making her fall on top of me giggling. I feel pure bliss at this moment, if ever asked what's the best moment of my life it's definitely now. She starts nibbling at my jaw making me smile with my eyes still closed, "Did I hurt you love?" I was a little concerned about how I entered her but when I heard her screams of ecstasy and pushing me harder in her with her crossed legs behind me I suspected it was ok, but I still want to check. 

"You gave me all the hurt in the right places my vicious wolf!" And she bites my lower lip and rakes my chest with her fingers until she reaches my cock... Her touch alone is enough to make me hard again and fill me with need for her body, to be inside her. She turns around giving me a clear view of her wings and positions herself reverse cowgirl and I can't stop looking at her perfection and the darkness lights up again with her wings! "Why do you hide your wings babe?" Why is this beauty hidden? "I won't have to anymore. I am a marked and mated fae so I can show them now, but my husband or mate have the first glance." She explains, I have a lot of studying to do about the fae and elves. We rinse and repeat all night, until the sounds of the drums and people die out and birds start announcing a new day. It makes me remember that Theo's and the other's heads will roll today... Phoebe has told me what happened to her and she knows my story, I swear by the Goddess I will be as strong as I can for her and the pack now. I am not letting anyone take or hurt either of us again. We fell asleep to the sounds of the dawn and my nostrils and mouth are full of the scent of cherry tart. 
###chapter 55: The Execution
Kayden's POV: 

I have been trying to contact Loiza to tell her about our parents, The Council... Everything. But every moment her scent was near, I was stoped by Warriors saying I was entering Highly Protected Asset grounds! THIS is MY TERRITORY! 

I asked to see the Alpha, that I had valuable information but eventually her scent disappeared all together. Rumor had it she was in Karaya working on a big deal with a pack from France (Seriously?!), others say she is in Avalon preparing to declare war on The Council (WHAT?!), others say she was summoned by the Goddess herself for who knows what (No way!) Nobody wants me near her and I'm loosing my shit here, I HAVE TO TELL HER! 

This morning they had plans to accept some new members into the pack, but no action on that. The only thing that is on time was the execution blocks. Everyone was there but her, there were new ones to execute, Blue Moon members... I go to the medical tent to check on Daniella. She's there with some personnel and some Priestesses but almost no patients. "We will be here waiting for you Alpha, remember what the Cacique said... Let go of the sword the second you cut off the last head and don't linger on any head, be as hasty as possible with this mission." She answers plainly. 

"Thank you Daniella, do you by chance know where my mate is?" She shrugs. 

"Last I heard she was going to oversee the planing of a new city with her sister, Master Guanina in Uguaca Bay (Suuureee). All I know is she is not here." Shit! I should have told her YESTERDAY! I had HOURS to tell her! Now I don't even know if I'll see her again! And no one seems to know where she is! Is she MY MATE or NOT? Is she not meant to be my Luna? Is this MY CURSE?

"The minute you see her tell her I am looking for her to tell her it's something VERY important! Ok?" I don't sound crazy at all!

"ALPHA KAYDEN! We are waiting! This must be done!" I hear General Braka shout out. I calm my mind, Loiza is just very busy, I'll see her soon, I'm just over thinking this. I focus all my anger, rage and frustration on the ASSHOLES who's heads I am making roll for bringing shame to this pack, for embarrassing me and my pack in front of my mate, my people and her people. Maybe without this fucking problem I would have been better focused and stronger to deal with the other problem. 

I walk out of the medic tent... I made sure to dress for the occasion, if I'm going to perform a formal execution I think wearing a formal suit is appropriate. Just a black on black suit will do, my shoes are shined and my black tie is a token for my love... it's made of black raw silk with a blue undertone, like the sound of her beautiful voice and the color of her raven hair. 

The Lady Moira hands me a pair of gloves: "They are made from the hide of a Griffin, they adapt to the size of your hands and are the best protection against Caliburn." I start putting them on... 

"My Lady, where is Loiza? I have something urgent to tell her. It can't wait!" Maybe The Lady of Lake will cut me some slack. "Alpha, she is in an undisclosed location which I cannot betray, but I can assure you that she will see you tonight." 

"My Lady please! If you see her, I BEG you tell her I have something very important to talk with her!" I am even begging! I am already so in love with that woman that begging is not a problem. 

The gloves mold themselves and I order Theo to be the last to have his head taken off, I want the motherfucker to see what happens to the others, I hear Vanessa crying and begging... "Kayden, I made you feel good! I would have done anything to be with you, to be your Luna, to care for your pups!" I smirk at her bullshit, I know damn well that she rejected her true mate and aborted the baby they were going to have when she found out I kicked Delilah out of my bed... I have wasted so much of my energy, insight, leadership, dedication, strength and respect for playing with these stupid girls when the Goddess had a TRUE woman for me, a fucking QUEEN no less and I am the Idiot King! I am done with Vanessa's tears, I see purple in the corner of my eye and see the elf/fae hybrid we retrieved from Vanessa's house full of hateful expectation and her wings exposed, in the arms of the wolf who Theo wanted dead for knowing about the dead unicorn. I can smell they are marked and Mated mates... Even in their situation the Goddess gave them comfort. I order Vanessa be put first, it's going to be very distracting listening to her fucking wailing, and I see the young wolf and his mate smile. I don't really care for the order of the others, I feel somewhat bad for Kevin, his crime was to be too stupid and getting involved with all this... Besides we really have no idea what Loiza did to him. After the last person captured he became unresponsive, but he was to much in the mess to get out of the it, there will be 30 heads in total I have to take... I still don't know where the extra seven came from. I link Marcus to verify where the seven came from. 'On it!' He responds. 

Lady Moira hands me Caliburn and I immediately feel it's call: 'Give me blood Kayden/Deacon, give me blood, and I will give you all you're hearts desires, I will give you power beyond your imagination, you will have all the gold to raise an Empire, women will get in line to take your seed and your bloodline will live through the end times.' I try to ignore him, and off goes Vanessa's head! The cut was so clean there was no blood splatter, I couldn't help but smile. 'You see how sweet the taste of the blood is Kayden/Deacon, give me more and you will be fucking your mate before days end, I will make you King of The Osupa and she your Queen by your side. With both your joined power you can take The Council and have EVERY creature of this planet as your subjects!' Yeeessss, both Deacon and I are feeling it!

SWOOSH! The second head goes! 'More Kayden, give me MORE, I love you!' And Caliburn's voice has changed to Loiza's! I hear her moans, I catch glimpses of her under me! My cock feels like I am inside her! And I and Deacon growl wanting more of her NOW!

SWOOSH! The third head goes! 'MORE BABY I WANT MORE, GIVE IT TO ME HARDER, I AM YOURS!' I take the fourth and fifth head feeling great! Her voice is like a drug! I will kill ANYONE who stands in my way! I will have my woman and all shall bow before us! And her words enter my mind '...Caliburn doesn't just corrupt the heart of a Priestess, it does it to anyone. It will speak to you. It will speak to Deacon...' But I feel Caliburn's power! With it I can take everything I want! And off go the sixth, seventh and eight I feel it's power and then I smelled it... pineapples and vanilla.
###chapter 56: Containing the Madness
Loiza's POV:

It was imposible to meditate with Kayden loosing control and Caliburn corrupting him with MY VOICE, with his desire and want for his mate! He was seducing him with power, riches and women, yet he had to change his voice to mine because I AM what he desires most! "Ayana! Open a portal to where Kayden is executing the slavers, with all the blood being fed to Caliburn he will be lost by the end of it!" No matter how much I suspect him, no matter how angry I am, he is MY mate and he NEEDS me.

Ayana opens the portal and there he is with neither his jade eyes or Deacon's black ones... they're red, Mordred's eyes!

"Kayden, he is lying to you! Do what you must but don't give in! Deacon, help Kayden focus, I will be with you tonight, I SWEAR! But only if Kayden and you ignore Mordred!" I shout enough to know he heard me... and he looks at me... his red eyes turning into his beautiful jade ones, but there's an internal fight. His eyes go from, jade to black to red. He goes back and takes another head, but stops again and looks at me... "He's LYING Kayden, all he knows are lies!" I shout at him... DAMN IT! His face becomes angry and distorted and he goes back to chopping heads off, he's not even half way!

I go closer, he needs my scent! I unbraided my hair and take a dagger from my hip belt and cut a chunk of my hairs off. I move forward in the crowd to get to the front, I take a few herbs from the inside pocket of my robe sleeve. They enhance any scent tenfold and I mix the hairs I cut with them. I use the wind to gide the mixture to linger where his scent glands will absorb them the most... and his eyes go back to jade. Why are there MORE heads? I link Bayoán and ask where did the other SEVEN heads came from... 'They tried to infiltrate with the victims being sent to Karaya from Blue Moon, why?' You idiot!

'Why?! They are not HIS responsibility! Take them off the chopping blocks NOW!' I reach right behind Marcus who stands a few meters behind Kayden. 'Izzy there's only seven more...' Ugh! 'FOR fucks SAKE TAKE THEM OFF NOW BETA!'

Knows the ways of Avalon he says, my ASS! How can he know the ways of Avalon and give Caliburn SEVEN more heads?! Caliburn can take over with less blood and a weaker mind, Kayden is holding, but the blood of those seven can be his end!

'FINE!' He responds. I see Braka and some Warriors take the extra seven but not before Kayden roaring at them... Marcus goes to him, but in his rage Kayden could wound if not kill him with Caliburn, so I stop him by putting my hand on his shoulder. His eyes stay the color of jade but his self control is slipping, I know my own is. My Mark shines yellow and I go closer to him and his eyes turn black... ok it's Deacon.

"Deacon, can you hear my voice? Do you KNOW who I am?" He looks afraid. Both voices speak as one: "You are the gift the Goddess bestowed upon us, you are our mate your scent let's me see you." It's so tender I want to reach out and hold him. This is so fucked up! Why would the Goddess do this to me?!

"My love listen to me, those seven are not your responsibility, their blood is not yours to corrupt you, let them be taken, look at me, listen to my voice focus on my scent..." I tell him while linking the extra seven be removed immediately, and they move fast. There are now 9 left. "Kayden only nine to go! You got this! Focus on my scent, I am here, remember, nothing Caliburn promises is real!" And he takes them with his eyes black... he is trembling! "LET GO OF THE SWORD KAYDEN!" And it's like he awoke from a nightmare, he looks at me with the sword pointed at me... I stay calm, I go closer to the blade's tip. "You see how it lies my love? It promises you would be fucking me today yet look who it wants you to kill." And the moment he sees it he drops it and falls himself... Stronger, more skilled ELVES couldn't have held it like that, Kayden is way stronger than I gave him credit for! He held Caliburn for all that time and was not lost! I must ponder more on this, he isn't as ordinary an Alpha as I though.

"Marcus help me!" And we get him to Daniella... she was ready with a battalion of Priestesses already chanting... "Help me!" I tell Marcus as I start undressing Kayden, we need him submerged so that the anti corruption medicine and potions can enter his every pore. When he is fully naked I get a good look at this FEAST and now I KNOW I won't be able to stop thinking about tonight! We get his large... Frame in a medium sized pool where he fits perfectly, but I can't stay I need to go back to my temple to meditate and now after what my eyes have witnessed it's going to be near imposible. I can't help it and I kiss his soft lips, he wakes in a daze... "Loiza, Is it truly you my love?" I want to wrap myself with him but I MUST go or I will loose myself to him. "It is Beloved, you did so well!" And a stupid tear fell from me and hit his cheek bone... He took it to his mouth. "You are so beautiful my love, you even taste beautiful..." I must go now Beloved I will see you tonight I swear!" I heard him making a fuss, but I couldn't stay there.

"MOIRA!" I roar! I am furious! And Bayoán comes to me ready to override any stupid choice I make, but I have no intentions of giving orders or commands.

"What do you want to tell me Loiza?" Her face stone as ever! Her tone, even.

I throw the Griffin hide gloves at her! "Here's your stupid gloves My Lady! You KNOW damn well they don't DO SHIT against Caliburn! YOU were there last night when those extra seven assholes where put in the dungeons to be executed today when you know DAMN WELL it would be hard enough with 23 fucking heads! That Caliburn WOULD fuck with MY MATES head! WHY would you allow 7 MORE added with THOSE knowing DAMN well what could happen to him?! What could happen TO ME! They are YOUR responsibility! Take them out at YOUR leisure My Lady, but do not DARE endanger my mate EVER AGAIN!"

I give Bayoán the look of death..."And YOU! You say you know the ways of Avalon, it looks like you don't know enough! Did Moira ever whisper in your ear how Mordred's soul LIVES inside Caliburn to this day?! Have YOU ever HELD it for even ONE MINUTE?! Kayden COULD have killed me without a thought, but he held it longer than ANYONE has without loosing his mind" I look at Moira: "I want THAT written in the annals of Avalon! It was a WOLF and not an ELF who withstood Caliburn the most." Back to my dear brother. "I DARE you to out perform his record! fuck BOTH of you!" And both look stunned. I nod to Ayana to open the portal, I am so DONE here!
###chapter 57: Girl Talk
Loiza's POV:

I can't take any potions and there's no way I can meditate. I am so happy to be back at my temple, it was untouched by the lava. It's in the most southern cliff of Karaya, West of Itiba City. I thought that the scent of home would bring me comfort and it has in a way, now it feels different. This temple would bring me peace every time I guarded it, but... am I STILL it's Guardian? No... It doesn't FEEL like it's MY space anymore. Might as well try it on for size...

"Ayana... let's go to The Alpha's Fort." It feels bittersweet as it leaves my lips. 

"Hells yeah! One portal coming up!" And this building wasn't spared. It looks so different from when Alpha Gúarionex ruled and I remember running in these halls with Yadiel before I left for Avalon. It feels like a lifetime away, I am not yet 20, yet that's how things are feeling like. 

"Izzy, we can clear this out you and me with no problem..." She knows that's not bothering me right now, I know what she's trying to do, but it won't work today. I walk towards the curtain walls overlooking the waters of The Caribbean and I just take in the smell of salt and the sound of the waves. 

"Ayana can you find my sister Nina for me please?" I hear her open a portal and leave. No matter what comes from tonight, THIS will be my home with or without him. I can't take out the vision of all of him out of my mind... But it's his face full of fear and confusion where I linger.

A portal opens up and out comes Ayana, Cresta and Nina and I can already smell Nina has begun her herbal routine early... 

"By the Goddess, today must be shit show day!" She takes a puff and sits next to me passing the joint and getting four beers from her bag... Kappas are indeed made of different stuff!

"You noticed that too, huh?" And I take a puff and pass it to Ayana. Nina opens the beers and hands them over so I would make them cold... We look at each other and laugh, and I blow the beers to the point they are covered in frost we clank our bottles and drink. The first time Nina and I had a conversation it started this way. She was sick of the me not talking and when I was almost 16 she comes over with a sixpack and weed. "Hey kid! Do you mind giving me a light?" Sticking out her blunt. I snapped my fingers she huffed until it was lit, she passed the beers... "Can you chill those up?" She asked with a raised eyebrow and I complied. After that we would meet up at the last soldier fort of The Fort that had been abandoned for centuries every wednesday to smoke, drink booze and talk bullshit. Natalia had told us about it and of course Ura tagged along. I would bring the weed, Nina and Natalia the booze and Ura always had the blunt papers and was the designated roller. 

"Soooo... Your mate is pretty bad ass holding up to Caliburn against 23 heads... What would have happened if he had to do the other seven? I wonder about these things you know?" Nina may be no Beta, but father had a way of making sure we always had our eyes not just open, but ALERT. I don't even want to know, but I do. Nina was never a lover to any Priestess of Avalon, yet she knew, she always paid attention to every word I would say about Avalon...

"It seems your mate loves you dearly sister, let me guess? Bayoán is keeping him at bay? Not caring if he dies or his mind is gone forever?" Ayana and Cresta LOVE my family gossip so they just laid on the floor looking at the clouds. Nina and Bayo have been at odds since I can remember, we as siblings argue and fight all the time... But those two can be vicious, so when the fight is between THEM no one interferes, after a while not even Mom or Dad would, not that she would listen to Dad anyway... They had their own issues. They are both so similar in the most opposite ways and neither stands down, two sides of the same coin. Bayoán is very overprotective to say the least... and Nina... Nina is wind and freedom. When she passed her tests to study abroad it was Dad who forbid it and even though Bayo disagreed he stood by Dad, it was stupid really, they said that since she was a Kappa she was more vulnerable, and yeah I could beat Nina in a fight, but Kappas studied abroad all the time, at first they didn't want me going but their little excuse crumbled when I was able to beat them BOTH at the same time in combat. I think they didn't want us finding our mates so she gave them the biggest fuck you, by having her fun in the island and not discreetly. 

"You think he wants him dead?" I ask. She took a sip contemplating the waves. 

"I think he wants you to forsake him for your duty... Dead, alive... To him and Dad it would be irrelevant. He wants what's best for the pack and for our family's future, with you ruling you have brought our family to not just a House of the ruling class, but a new Dynasty. Just like the tragedy brought the end of the Real Dynasty it brought forth the Mirabal line. I know he didn't want to be Beta even though he was supposed to anyway, but now that he IS, he will follow that mentality, just like Dad used to. It's in his natural patriarcal Beta mentality Izz, shit I bet it's still hard for him to compute with a female Alpha, let alone her being his baby sister." I take a puff and pass it to her. I keep looking at the waves. 

"I know that you know what's going to happen tonight, do you agree?" She takes a deep puff and a drink. She clinks her bottle with her nails... 

"No... But I am not Cacique of The Osupa. I have the luxury of being a Kappa, my bad luck was that Dad had a say in most of my life. You have had most of your life dictated by duty, I just had the nuisance of having a helicopter Daddy." She says bitterly. 

"I never met my Daddy." And we fucking forgot Ayana was on lying on the ground! "Ayana are you ok?" And we can't stop laughing. 

"I don't know who either of my parents are... but I think Moira knows..." And Cresta is doble baked! I forgot weed works different on Werejaguars! And I can't help but laugh again! "Cressy how many fingers am I holding?" And she lets out a gasp... "Who's fingers are you holding?!" And she is looking at her own just to check!

"Nina where are you getting your weed girl? Look how it left Cressy!" And she starts laughing harder. "It's yours stupid! It was in a jar by your bed before we evacuated and I nabbed it! For it to burn here I rather burn it myself!" And now we can't stop laughing. I really needed that. 

"I saw him naked!" And Ayana sits up and Nina gets more beers from her bag, I cool the beers and she hands it to us. Cressy is still checking her fingers..."Six or eight?" Is all Cresta can mutter, while I get an...

"AAAAAND?!" From the other two who ask at the same time, why did I say anything?! And I blush straight to deep red. "Damn, that good huh?!" Nina asks. "And you are going to Mark him tonight, trying to keep focus on that 20 second window? And you're looking like a beet right now? I don't have my mate, but I can tell you, your mind is mush when you have a good orgasm and from what I have heard of the mating and marking part it's the Crème de la crème sweet sister. If you can keep your focus through THAT, then hats off to you!" And now I am getting nervous, I look at Ayana for words of encouragement...

"Your fucked Izzy! You can barely think let alone function 'a mission' after a good orgasm especially with a mate who already makes you feel as he does and now that you caught a peak... well I guess you can try!" Ugh!

"Thanks for your damn vote of confidence Ayana!" And Nina spits out the sip she was taking and we are all laughing again. 

"Izzy, stop thinking to much about it. If the mission fails, fuck it! But this IS YOUR mate, why would the Goddess give him to you and you to him? I have heard a lot of bullshit saying that you're merely a Troyan horse--" 

"Wait, where did you hear THAT?" I hate it when I'M the piece of gossip.

"Well Suania heard it from Ura, who heard it from Yaya, who heard it fro--" Ugh!

"FINE! Ok so YOU don't think I am a Troyan Horse?" I am discussing semantics with her! Well she IS a Master Architect. 

"You have dedicated your short life to trying your damned best to be everything they wanted of you to be and now that you have been placed in a position of power by the Goddess herself she wants you to suffer? It doesn't add up. Have you just straight up just ASKED Kayden if he had any knowledge of what happened here? And fuck semantics, I mean TALKING straight up, not in stupid code. I'm talking basically truth or dare, you should have done THAT!" I just facepalm myself and Ayana is intrigued. Poor Cressy is trying to get up failing miserably. She's used to weed, what's up with her?! Riiiight... If Nina took the weed next to my bed... Oh boy...

"Damn Izzy! Truth or dare would have got him!" Ayana just spouts! I don't have words. 

"Oh my Goddess, I AM FUCKED! Truth or dare? What the actual... you know what? I'm not going to get mad at that! Nina this is to be OUR home. You're a Master Architect, think of something so it represents the Mirabal-Real Dynasty... I need lots of access to water in here, so feel free to add indoor patios with pools and fountains. I heard Domingo bitching that Gúarionex didn't want to remodel the kitchens, give Domingo what he wants, I want the Luna's room to still be Luna Isla's. She will remain Luna while I am Alpha. We will remodel and ask everyone what they want, just make sure that the integrity of the original building is intact, this building is a patrimony of all Osupa. I am also puting you in charge of the design of a new city in Uguaca Bay. There's a new huge dock there now, a gift from Avalon, we have just closed a treaty that will add two other packs to ours almost doubling our numbers, get Chloe to help add that creole flavor I want them to feel as home as possible." We will have two main cities and ports, we need to change up the design of a lot of this but still want it to keep the historic part. 

"Wait 'creole' style? What do you mean? The WHOLE Caribbean is Creole?" Ugh!

"I don't know Nina, sorry I'm not the damn artiste! The packs that are coming are from the South of France and Sardinia!" There straight up, no 'code'.

"Ok, now THAT I can work with... Ummm and working over there will put some nice surfing hours. I'm so happy to be back, the weather over there SUCKS! I wonder if my shoes survived?" And she stumbles upon Ayana babble. "SHOES! We should check!" 

"You two go and take Cressy, I'll stay here. There's something I always wanted to check." Ayana opens a portal and off they go. I light a will-o'-the-wisp and let it guide me to The Catacombs. 
###chapter 58: The Catacombs
Loiza's POV:

I have been busy but I have been checking some books to help me be a more competent leader. Books my Dad was tutoring Yadiel with even though he wasn't his mentor, he also made us read them... But one in particular I never understood except for a vague childhood memory. Yadiel and I wanted to explore The Catacombs one day after looking at it and I remember Suania coming with us, I must have been about four, but I always felt a strange pull to them and so did Yadiel, funny enough Natalia would say the same and even stranger was that all three of us were nursed by Luna Isla, but I can't remember why it was Suania with us that day instead of Talia. Either way the book was about our primal animal or spirit. But it wasn't in any language we knew yet it directed us to The Fort's Catacombs. 

So we got a pair of flashlights and went down without anyone noticing. Once there Suania got really afraid but Yadiel and myself felt really safe, so we tried to calm her, still she wanted to leave. Yadiel gave her his flashlight and she took it and ran out, we still had mine so we continued to the passage to the left. Yadiel opened the book and the words started making sense... "Izzy, look!" And some symbols in the book matched to symbols in The Catacombs. The symbol for wolf were abundant, but there was also the symbol for bat, for fire, for the sun, for cat... They were inside The Catacombs... Unfortunately Suania's wails alerted the grown-ups and we were kicked out. 

Now there's no one to stop me. I have the book and the will-o'-the-wisp is guiding me to the exact place I felt at peace with my milk brother. I open the book here and the symbols are there, yet the words are still gibberish. I remember very clearly that WORDS were making sense, what am I missing? And I look at the will-o'-the-wisp and remember that their original mission is to give false hope, that has been modified in modern days but this building is centuries old... "Sorry little fella but I think you're not helping anymore I appreciate your help but you have to leave" And it leaves me in darkness. 

SNAP! "And then there was light!" I snap my fingers and every torch was lit and finally there are words in the book. Why hasn't this book been translated? According to it there used to be a time where packs, clans, covens were mixed not by species, but by skills, the symbols on the wall are to determine the species of the long dead Osupa and those who came before. So we weren't JUST wolves to begin with, according to this, before humans lived in these islands they were inhabited by fae folk... And in turn they guided other supernaturals and humans here... Who would their mischief be directed towards if not the rest of US?! I take out a small note pad from the bigger book and scribble the symbols and to what species it belongs to. WHY would Dad give us this book? Where did he get it to begin with?!

**You are the ones who will make us whole again.** A voice says. I turn but of course no one is there. 

"To what name should I address you by?" And the torches go out. I snap my fingers again, but nothing. When I turn to leave, there is a woman with a green luminescent hue, her hair is black like mine, her eyes are shining all white she touches my forehead right by my hairline and just like my Mark, my inner flame creates another Crescent Moon yet this one is horizontal, it's also small and simple, yet when I close my eyes to focus on it, it signals the steps to make The Osupa to it's original state of diversity and power. 

I see many species hoping island to island to get supplies. There were wolves, but also fae, humans, witches and warlocks, in the night, vampires had their rituals and humans sacrificing themselves to the vampires in exchange for eternal protection for their bloodline. There were even some elves. I saw intricate stone structures with the same symbols on the book and in The Catacombs, I feel myself inside one but no symbols of the Moon, the prevalent symbol was that of the Earth. When I open my eyes the woman is gone. I didn't feel fear of her even though I have no idea who she is on the contrary I felt at peace. I snap my fingers again and the torches light up again. 

I finish writing my notes and leave, when I'm outside again I open the book and I feel the Mark in my forehead pulsing and I can read the book like any other the words clear... Ancient Sumerian! The others come back and I am sitting in the main court yard making sense of this book... "Izzy, when did you get that Mark?" Ayana asks suspiciously.

"Just a few moments ago in The Catacombs." I say in a very matter-of-factly kind of way. And I am literally memorizing this book with ease now.

"Did it JUST appeeeeaaaar?!" Of course Nina has to ask like I am an insane person. And I try to remember that I love her. 

"Now you're talking crazy Nina, a Mark is given or it is earned, it doesn't JUST appear." I finally look up at them... "I was touched by a woman on my forehead and the Mark appeared, and the answer to your next question is I have no idea, but could it have been the Goddess? That's something only Moira can answer. But I have the feeling it or she is something or someone different." I scratch my head trying to recall everything, but it's etched into my memory now. 

"Is that father's book that he makes everyone read but it's written in gibberish?" Sharp Nina!

"Nothing escapes you Nina! If only Bayo was here so you can shove it in his face! Here read here, what do you see?" She comes over and looks...

"The same gibberish as always! Are you telling me you can read it?" I look at her, like if I was seeing her for the first time, I understood her moods and the whys of it. I was able to see the words she likes to hear and the ones that can crush her. I touch my new Mark and it has the same texture as my Avalon Mark. 

"IZZY!" She exclaims, and it's like I just awoke. 

"The Mark is like special glasses to read not just this book. I can't fully explain it. I need to study it more and ask the help of the two idiots I just told to go fuck themselves." Nina is as curious as a damn cat!

"Who did Izzyboo tell to fuck off?" Goddess I can't ever get any respect?!

"My Beta and The Lady of the Lake." Cresta gasps while Nina just laughs her ass off and Ayana joins her: "Oh my Goddess, you guys should have seen their faces! Izzy gave them more than just a slice of Fuck You pie! In very fine words she told Moira she was a bitch and Bayoán a moron! It was glorious to witness!" Ayana hails.

The Sun will start to set in about an hour, which means it's already setting in Blood Moon, I ask Ayana to send us back...I have a promise to keep. I have to have a talk with Isla, she is a unifying component. The Catacombs, or rather The Woman in them was calling those whom The Luna had nursed.
###chapter 59: The Gibberish Book
Bayoán's POV:

"Why didn't you tell me 7 fucking heads could've meant Kayden going crazy?! Just because I don't particularly like the guy doesn't mean I want to hurt him or my sister! He could have killed the best shot our people have for a stable future and Izzy is right he held on to his control!" Damn, I have been harsh on the guy but he has shown nothing but love and devotion for Izzy. 

"Now you feel bad for him? Will you get cold feet for tonight? He is still not trustworthy! Or have you forgotten? He is an Alpha Bayoán, they're more powerful than you know." This is bullshit, his mother is the one I really don't trust, he may just be a bystander. I'm now thinking how I would have felt if THIS was Morgana's welcome to our family and I feel myself getting angry at a hypothetical situation, and I must admit, Izzy has been very patient. 

"What cold feet for tonight?! The guy is still recovering from taking in all that poison and having it expunged! He might not even be able to perform!" I had almost forgotten what a cold hearted bitch Moira can be sometimes. 

"He's an Alpha! He will be more that able to perform. He is keeping good control, but when Loiza's presented to him on a platter, especially with her Heat, he will definitely be able to perform. He has had all day to recover... Loiza's control is what concerns me."

"Well you should concern yourself with more important matters than my sex life Moira!" Great timing...I pinch the bridge of my nose ready for what's coming. 

"Izzy, I'm really sorry... I didn't know..." I really have no clue how to apologize for this not just to my sister, but my Alpha and Cacique. 

"And yet it was YOU who requested The fucking Sword of Peace! Don't make requests if you are not 100% sure of it's consequences... Do I make myself clear?" FUCK!

"Yes Alpha." What has gotten into me?

"DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR BETA?!" Holy shit, she IS pissed. 

"Crystal clear Cacique, I will go back to father's books and double check everything, I SWEAR TO YOU sister, I will not fail you again." I can feel her rage through her aura, which has become more powerful since last I saw her only a few hours ago. And Moira sees it...

"Loiza, where did you get that Mark?" Izzy gives her a look full of the utmost contempt and ignores her.

"Yes dearest brother, you go and study father's books... let's start with THIS one!" And she throws father's gibberish book (at least that's what we have always called it) on the table. "WHY did he keep this book and made us study a 'gibberish book'? Where did he get it?" She is dead serious on this book. And I have never understood it myself and Moira takes it.

"Do you know this book My Lady?" I can already tell Izzy already has some insight into it and is related to that new Mark. 

"No, I have never seen this language before... your father had this? Did he say what it means?" She is examining it in different angles, her usual stone cold face visibly confused. 

"So you can't read it either?" Izzy asks Moira with a bored voice still looking at me with looks to kill. 'Izzy, how many times do you want me to say I'm sorry? I'll do it.'

'You WILL go to Kayden when we are done here and you will apologize to HIM, THEN I will accept your apology, do you understand?' Damn it! I would rather have a fight with Nina. 'FINE! I'll apologize to your mate, happy now?' Great, if I didn't have enough on my plate I have to apologize to Alpha Kayden. 'I will be when I confirm you DID.'

"No Loiza, I can't read this book, can you?" And Izzy finally looks at her and gives her a pleasant smile.

"Thanks to my new gift I can read more than just this book..." She says pointing at her new Mark. Moira goes to her to examine the Mark...

"It looks like it's made in the same way the Mark of Avalon is created." And goes to touch it yet she jerks her hand away as if it burned her. "Yet it's not of Avalon!" And she is looking at her now burned finger. 

"Izzy, how did you get that Mark?" If it's not of Avalon, what is it? And she just looks at me. "ALPHA?!" And she blinks like she was somewhere else.

"Father TOLD you where he got this book! Why can't you remember?" He did? 

"What in Hades are you talking about? I don't remember Dad ever saying where he got this book or WHY he expected us to read it. He couldn't even read it himself!" It was like with the old car, it was one of his 'tests' only no one passed this one. 

"So neither of you has any answers regarding this book?" And I don't think she expects an answer.

"I got this Mark by the touch of a woman in The Fort's Catacombs." She just says it like nothing. 

"A woman? In the Catacombs?" She rolls her eyes at me. 

"Can you describe her? A mere woman can't give you a Mark." Moira asks. 

"She looked... Like me, I think? I remember she had black hair, her eyes were all white and she had a green glow about her." Izzy sits looking like she is trying to remember more, but failing. 

"Green? Green is the color of The Goddess Gaia... If it's of the teachings of Gaia it should be in a scroll... That or someone paid a very hefty amount of gold to have have this transcribed into a grimoire. And looking at you with that in mind, Gaia DOES have long black hair and your features could be considered similar... Did she say anything?" Well, when The Grand Prime Priestess of Avalon is stumped on devine information and was told to fuck herself on the same day? It's a special day indeed!

"She only said 'You are the ones who will make us whole again.' When I asked her by what name should I call her she just appeared and touched me where the Mark is and then she was gone. But I had the book and when she gave me the Mark I was able to read it... More specifically I have it memorized. I also have been getting visions like she is trying to guide me." She looks confused herself. 

"Wait, Izzy, why were you in The Catacombs with the book to begin with?" And she gives me an alarmed look. She takes out her phone and puts it to record on the desk...

"I am recording because I am noticing a pattern of forgetfulness... I was studying my father's books to learn to be a better leader, and I stumbled upon what we call the gibberish book. The moment I touched it it brought back a very vague memory from before I went to Avalon. Natalia, Yadiel and myself have always been fascinated by The Catacombs. However we were never allowed inside. One day it starting calling with a much stronger voice but Natalia was not there, at least I do not remember her being there, I remember Suania... I think? and Yadiel wanting to join me going down there. Yadiel and I were calm and felt safe, but Suania got scared and ran back, Yadiel and I found symbols in the book etched on the walls of The Catacombs but we were whisked away by grownups... That's all I remember." And she ends the recording. 

"Are you seriously forgetting stuff that you have to record yourself?!" Maybe that Mark is jumbling her brain. 

"First of all it's a memory from BEFORE I was FIVE! Second, look in a mirror buddy you're forgetting shit too! Dad DID tell you where he got this book, I see it in YOUR memory but because YOU don't remember it's imposible for me to read. So focus your mind and memories, I have a feeling this particular information is being purposely hidden from us... And if The Lady Moira is right and this IS connected to the Goddess Gaia... Well, just pay attention! She is the ancestral mother of all life, mother of Titans and Gods! If she has something to say, you can be damn sure that I will listen!"

Moira started looking at her burned finger again... "Loiza, can Bayoán touch your new Mark?" I look at Izzy and she shrugs. "Sure, why?" Moira signals me to go on... Damn it, I hate getting burned, didn't I suffer enough with this stupid B on my wrist? "I will know in a minute." 

"FINE!" I reach out and touch Izzy's Mark, and I am in The Catacombs! I look around and I see the symbols, I take a torch to study a particular one...a circle with a cross connecting the circumference of the circle and I am back in the tent. 

Whoa! "I was there! I was in the Catacombs!" I take a piece of paper and draw the symbol I saw. I pass it to Moira..."This, I saw this symbol, do you know what it means?" Both her and Izzy look at it, and at the same time say "EARTH!" And Izzy opens the book and inside she scribbles it in a note pad: "Do you remember where in the Catacombs you saw it?" Well I'll be damned...

"Bayo?" And I am a blank! "I have no clue! What the hell?! I was JUST there!"

"You see what I mean?!" She IS right!

"Loiza has anyone else touched the Mark?" She is thinking... she can memorize a book but simple things like that are tricky.

"No... no, I am sure, Ayana asked about it and Nina and Cresta saw it, but none touched it." Moira takes out her seldom used phone and takes pictures of the writing in the book and Izzy's Mark. 

"I'll ask around, Loiza I know it's annoying but allow others to touch it, especially your family and your mate. It might not want me to see but it allowed your brother to peer into it. It might be receptive to family and not to outsiders, it might have let Bayoán touch it as he is your Beta... Also let Cresta and Ayana touch it. Remember we are Priestesses of Selene, there might be turmoil among the Gods and having the head Priestess of another might not be 'invited'. The Gods are as fickle as humans... yet you're a Priestess of Selene... I have never seen something like it. But you are right, Gaia is mother to us all, so if it is indeed her we MUST be alert, however Loiza keep your eyes open, especially for this symbol." And she points to the one I made. "I might start recording myself too."

"Well the Moon will rise soon, and I have a date." She turns to Moira. "Are the others ready to give me backup My Lady?" Moira nods.

"They are just to serve as backup for your self control for when you Mark your mate no more, it's the best we can do to also protect your privacy, ok?" Izzy nods, now looking a little nervous. "Loiza... for what it's worth, I am sorry. Come what may, I will make it up to him, I swear it." Loiza just looks at her with mild anger now... it's an improvement. She turns to me: "Be alert for my signal if I... Find anything." I hate that this is how she goes into her mating ceremony... But it shows her steel, and I feel a little guilty thinking that Yadiel wouldn't have been half the Alpha she is. 

"As you command Cacique." Her eyes are glazed, she nods as she leaves the tent. 
###chapter 60: The Kiss 🌶🌶🌶
Kayden's POV:

I don't ever want to see that fucking sword again! I feel pain everywhere. But she came for me and Caliburn wanted her dead seducing me with her voice and when I see that the blade wanted to pierce her feeding me lies, telling me she was a vision, to kill her and take Karaya and rule. But her scent was so strong, whatever she did saved me, I would have sliced my own hand if I would have hurt her. Deacon was confused about it all, but it was his primal attachment to Aryn which helped us focus. She even made sure Marcus wasn't hurt, what did I do to get a mate like her?

A soft knock on my door brings me to my senses, I don't even want to get up... "Come in." And of course the cherry to top this day my mate's jerk brother. 

"Hey, um I wanted to apologize for your ordeal today... I am the one who requested Caliburn, I wanted to carry the executions myself... Anyway I didn't have full understanding of the blade and didn't think seven more heads would make much of a difference so I just added them on." I must still be in a stupor! Bayoán is apologizing to me?

"Let me guess, she came on you hard..." And I can hear him grinding his teeth.

"Oh yeah... She has that way about her... My sweet sister. You're very lucky you know? My other sisters are... My sisters, but Izzy... Izzy is made of sterner stuff than most people." I know she is. 

"Yeah, she is... And I almost killed her today with a cursed blade." I say in a tired voice.

"Look ma---" He started but I am in no mood for talking anymore. "I accept your apology Beta, it's over and done, ok?" He nodded and left. I want to doze off and forget this day. There's a lot I want to forget. The Moon is shining through the window and I feel it lulling me...

I must have dozed a bit but something powerful wakes me up... The scent of pineapples and vanilla! I sit up, I remember her telling me she would see me tonight! Good thing I showered, I put on some jeans, a button shirt and roll up the sleeves, tie my boots. 

I followed her scent to the clearing I took her yesterday, and then I saw her, she was standing near the ledge looking out at the Virginia Hills, I could feel from the mate Bond that she was trying to see the ocean. She looked like a vision, she had her Priestess robe on, it was the bright red one and I can see black runes going around the hem in its entirety, the hood covering her midnight colored hair.

"Do you intend to stare all night?" She asked while she turned to me with those Amber eyes. My lips parted and my spine shivered, she stared so intensely with her perfect poker face, I got chills down the back of neck. I really didn't know what to answer because I just wanted to continue to stare at her, creepy I know, but she looks like an ethereal creature to be worshipped. All I could do was stare at her while taking a deep breath bobbing my Adam's apple swallowing hard. 

"If you allow me My Love, It would be delightful to me to stare at you all night and day." That's all the answer I can give her. I have been trying to adapt to her needs just like Keaton had told us before they even arrived. There is no way I think I can go on if she rejects me.

She blushes so beautifully at my words, and butterflies invade my stomach, and a small smile graces her face.

She continues to look intensely into my own green eyes in silence as if looking for something, her emotions are oozing towards me, she's looking for honesty in my words. I fear she might find the other things I'm trying to hide, the love, the lust, the need... the secret, I was looking for her to come clean, but NOW? I want this badly, I look at her while lightly licking my lips. Deacon REALLY wants to claim her, I suddenly feel my eyes turn black for a split moment, and I can see by her expression she saw it! Damn it! I blink my eyes as if I had something in them, but I know she saw it.

And suddenly to my surprise she brings down her hood and starts walking my way. I can feel my hands getting clammy, I can feel my heartbeat start to pound faster, and the closer she got, I could hear hers as well. She started to untie her cloak after putting her hood back so that I could see her face entirely. I am BEGGING Deacon to stand down, I let him know that she is making her own move and to allow it and not to ruin it. She keeps walking closely to me her eyes never unlocked from mine and she passes by me with her cloak now in her hands laying it on the ground like a picnic cloth like she did yesterday, she stands again and locked her eyes to my own again, searching. She takes two steps back and I'm able to admire her completely again, she's wearing a long flowing turquoise skirt with the pattern of large red flowers and a red tank top, her hair loose with strands here and there picked by the wind, she usually has it braided. I have caught into cues of how she likes somethings, like how she likes to wear her hair or how she speaks, the way she sips her coffee. She looks as the Goddess herself! And it is this time she takes a heavy breath.

She takes my hands in her own studying them, and I just stand there like an idiot just letting her, she touches the calluses on my hands and then I start to examine hers, she's always shown me she's not a fragile doll but an Alpha like myself. I can feel what she's telling me and I'm kind of understanding now what Keaton said about their particular mate Bond. It's like I know what she wants, what she needs, whether it be to feel better, to be calm, to not be angry. When she allows me to study her own hands she goes back to staring and my own eyes I can't help myself any longer, I wrap my one arm around her waist bringing her towards me, she yips at that, I can feel her soft breasts press at my chest, she isn't wearing a bra and I can feel her nipples turn pebble hard. I can definitely smell her arousal... and her Heat! What the hell am I going to do next? I notice a new small Mark on her forehead, I take my free hand and press my thumb to it and I am in an amazing beach, I can feel the breeze. I take my hand away, her eyes full of questions "Did you see it too? Is that Karaya?" She smiles and nods at me. "I wish that we go someday." I say.

She presses her forehead to my chest and I rake her smooth black hair until my hand is right behind the nape of her neck, she has not moved, and then I can't take it anymore slowly I move into her lips, but she's suddenly brings her hand to my chest to stop me. I let out a long breath I did not know I was holding and bowed my head down, I will admit, I feel hurt as hell. 

"Please don't misunderstand..." She says that while she takes my face in both of her hands, making me look into her eyes once again and suddenly like a miracle she smiles at me, the type of smile that reaches her eyes my heart is starting to feel full again and suddenly without any warning she pulls my face to her own and kisses me. She kissed me gently, softly, silently, I smell her arousal grow, the smell of pineapples, vanilla, are completely overtaking me. Deacon is howling like if we had reached a home run! 

Suddenly she breaks the kiss. I feel she is dizzy, and I admit I barely can stand up. She pushes me back a bit without the need to take my hands off of her waist, she reaches down and pulls up her tank top over her head and throws it down with her cloak allowing me to see her breasts and with another swift move she unties her skirt, it's then when I noticed that the skirt actually wraps around her and then she's completely naked in front of me and throws her skirt also on top of her cloak. She takes my arm from her waist and steps back to allow me to look at her naked body from top to bottom, she has a slight blush but she doesn't seem uncomfortable she's still looking intensely into my eyes and I feel like I'm going to go crazy. I want to jump on her, in her eyes I can tell that's not what she wants. I cradle my chin holding that arm up while I rest my elbow on my other hand. She allowed me to contemplate her naked body that's exactly what I'm doing, I want to look at every inch of my mate. Deacon is foaming but I am in total control. Except for my own CLEARLY visible erection I am in control, she looks down at it and smiles while licking her lips, she is going to be my demise, and her eyes go again to mine...

"I ask you again Alpha, do you intend to stare all night?" She didn't have to tell me twice, well actually she kind of did! It was only a few steps towards her but I breached that gap in an instant and I had her in my arms again, I started kissing her while she was unbuttoning the shirt I had with rolled up sleeves, slowly and her hands slid from the top of my chest to my just above my belt bucle. She traces my abs and reaches for my V crook and I can feel her trace both sides with her fingers. FUCK! My dick is throbbing, I had never felt it this hard! She slides my shirt down my arms while caressing them, making a trail of sparks and just like with the rest of her clothes she puts it on the pile on her cloak, and now it clicked, she was making a small bed out of her cloak. Oh man, this is happening!

"At the unfortunate risk of ruining this, I must ask something." I say as I take a deep breath and break the kiss I looked down at my own feet. I'm breathing heavily here and about to lose control. But if I begin I know I'm going to Mark her.

"You're afraid of marking me without my consent?" She asked so casually as one would ask about the weather, while lifting my head to look at her once again. This woman is going to be the death of me! We haven't actually done anything and it feels more intense than anything I have ever done with any woman!

"And here I thought I made it quite clear, I must be losing the intuition I thought I had." She let's go of my face and her arms fall at her sides as she tells me this, before her arms fall completely I grab them immediately! And I take both of her hands to my lips and kiss them while pulling her towards me again. She was absolutely right! It was my own fear that was stopping me, she had made herself VERY clear. Her skin is so soft I caress her back tracing down to her ass.

"No my lovely mate! Forgive me! You are as clear as day... you're so beautiful. And I'm still trying to adjust to your culture, I would admit, I'm sorry I did not wait for you for my first. And believe me when I tell you this is the most intimate I have ever been with a woman, and I will also admit that I'm terrified of not being able to feel like this again. I don't want to fuck it up Loiza, I don't want to use your pain get what I want, because I most definitely want to claim you right now! And that's exactly what I'm going to do..." I crashed down onto her lips and show her how just how hungry I am for her.
###chapter 61: The Chase 🌶🌶🌶
Loiza's POV: 

FINALLY! He took the bait! Even though I am gathering intel I needed this badly! His scent of fresh rain and pines! I've been dealing with so much since we arrived that I haven't even really acknowledged him as it SHOULD when meeting your mate. Since we arrived he noticed that I did not need this right now, that I needed time. I never even held his gaze to long to make sure not to connect us so much. But there was always his scent, if I was holding back It was for the sake of my pack because this is what we do, even if we find our mate, we put it to the back burner if there is an emergency. 

So I had to endure the pain of everything I was going through AND not be able to have him. His scent was so strong, and I can tell he was making it radiate more to mess with my head... I have to focus and remember why I am surrendering to the Bond. Yet I must admit, Alpha Kayden had proved he was a master at self control, or at the very least for the sake of being able to keep me as his mate. If he would have been born Osupa, maybe it wouldn't have been so impressive, we are trained to control our nature as much as possible, if we act like regular werewolves trying to be spies, the risk and implications can be fatal. 

The whole point is to blend in completely, it becomes really easy if you lose your temper and a little growl comes out of your mouth, you blow your cover. But he is not Osupa, he wasn't trained for this and yet he has shown amazing control, it was arousing. And the most amazing part was using the correct potions to fight that arousal, or it's scent anyway. The perks of being a Priestess who knows her herbs all around the world! So this was definitely taking sexual tension to the next level and I could not take it anymore. My focus was wavering, the full Moon, my Heat I want him so badly... I need to remember the purpose of accepting the mate Bond, the moment I Mark him our minds will be fully open to each other for a short period, my mission is to gather as much information as quickly as possible and take advantage of those brief moments to look into his mind and discover if the Blood Moon Pack has really betrayed us to The High Council.

So what do I do? I make my prey come to me, I passed his bedroom without any potions to mask myself, enhancing my sent increasing my pheromones, since I was able to study him a little through the mate Bond I was able to enhance it directly to his needs, wants, his desires. I wear the colors that I know will draw the attention of his eyes the most, red never fails, but I wanted him away from everyone. I wanted the stars and the full Moon to be witness to what this moment was for me even if in the end I might loose him, and that even in tragedy I was able to find something so wonderful, yet if my suspicions are correct I need him to be far away and unfound for a while, so I want to draw him to the clearing he took me yesterday... I really hope I'm wrong. I put on my cloak because I know that it already contains my scent times three. Besides I wanted that when he found me I would be able to take down my hood, it would bring all the accumulated scent of my loose hair strengthening the scent. He may not have noticed, he was following me exactly where I wanted him because even before I reached the ledge I could already smell his scent, he was running, fast! The chase made my arousal increase and I was not wearing any potions I wanted him to smell it. The Moon was full, his self control would be at it's weakest, like mine, he would be able to look at my face fully when he arrived and then I looked directly into his eyes FULLY for the first time so that he could see into me and I could see into him and the trap was set when I brought down my hood. Checkmate! 

"J-just, make sure to take it easy Alpha, this would be my first official rodeo..." Shit, my voice is wavering. I can't stop looking at his full lips with a small marked division on his bottom lip, making look like he is giving a low whistle. I wanted them on my body!

"Of course love, I would never hurt you." He whispers in my ear as he takes one hand to cup my cheek while the other around my waist locks me to him. I put my hands again at his chiseled and powerful body, I touch his torso, his abs his V crook...My core is on fire! And he comes down to kiss me again. The kiss grows letting me feel his hunger. Aryn can't stop purring... ugh! 'ARYN! We need to focus!' I scorn my wolf... 'YOU FOCUS! I want Deacon NOW!' Well fuck! I can't stand her when she gets like this...

The hand by my cheek lowers to my breast as he cups it and rubs my nipples with his thumbs. As the heat and wetness between my legs increases, I unbuckle his belt, unbutton his jeans and unzip them looking for his member with one hand, while the other snakes up his stomach slowly to his chest to the nape of his neck. I started stroking him felling his pulse in my hand, I was a little nervous of his size he was bigger than Víctor! But we're thought not to fear or feel shame with our mates and that we do to them is exactly what they need from you. It seems to work, because Kayden broke the kiss with a deep moan and brought his lips to one nipple started nibbling at it making me whimper. The sound brought a growl in satisfaction from the back of his throat and suddenly he lifts me in his arms and lies me gently on the bed of clothes that I had just prepared. He was on top of me his lips still at my nipple and his other arm cradling my ass, I was in heaven, I could feel my core about to explode! He took his mouth to my other breast and gave it a little switch with his tongue and covered it with his mouth while taking his other hand to my already soaking folds. I could feel his smirk over my left nipple, I was completely open to him while he gently massaged my clit, I couldn't help a loud moan escape my lips. And suddenly the small smirk on top of my nipple became a full on grin, and he looked at my eyes again, I had never stopped looking at him so he was a little taken aback when he looked at me and I was already looking at him but his grin never left his face, my eyes must look drowsy and full of desire and while still looking at me intensely I could feel his finger enter me. My eyes closed as another moan left my mouth, his grin left as he bit his lips focusing on the expression on my face making sure I am enjoying it, while inserting a second finger inside me making my body shake with the orgasm!

"FUCK baby, the scent of that alone is making me cum!" And his seed spills on my stomach. "Holy fuck, that has never happened to me before!" His voice hoarse as he gasped for air. He laid his head on my mound, his dick still hard, he is determined to claim me tonight... He better. After a moment he takes his tongue to my folds full of my cum and he feasts on me to the point of making me cum again! I am at a loss for words, but the words come... "Kay-Kayden... I NEED YOU to claim me NOW!"
###chapter 62: The Claim 🌶🌶🌶
Kayden's POV:

My thoughts are all over the place, her scent is literally raging chaos in my nose and mind, it was so strong, my mind is jelly. I hear her yell that she needs me to claim her, and it's true she is so wet she is glistening in the Moonlight... Damn! I take it in for a moment I lick my lips and look at her face, her eyes are expectant, her lips slightly parted, red and swollen, I go to them and position myself on top of her. I look into her eyes bringing my hands to her inner thighs opening her legs fully like a butterfly, locking them in place while my tip was slowly entering her. That alone brought me to cum a second time, I growl loudly!

"Shit woman! What are you made of?!" My mouth is dry now but the sounds of her giggling were like bells that made a spring in my heart and my determination to claim her grew even more I could clearly see she was untouched when I was eating her up, it made me want to claim her even more, she will be completely MINE. "Just a little pain Love I will make it up to you I swear, I insert myself gently feeling her maidenhead and push forward slowly. She gives out a little shriek, I stop, but she wraps her legs around my waist pushing me forward to her. I kiss her cheeks and forehead and I go back to her lips. I push again and I start gaining momentum until I start trusting making sure to hit her spot every time and suddenly MUSIC! Her arms wrapped around my back and her sweet moans became the music I never knew I needed. I start building pace, inside her was bliss, her walls the tightest and softest thing my cock had ever felt... it felt like home, I knew then where I wanted to be, ALWAYS! She says my name over and over, Goddess I love this woman!

Now I REALLY understood the mate Bond and why one can even die without their mate, I don't even want to imagine not having THIS again! Her hands grab my face again so I could look at her eyes again, with it I saw her orgasm coming as her walls contracted and it took me over the edge again making us spill around each other inside of her. I am not even fatigued this time... I don't stop and her moans turn to screams of ecstasy. And again we cum around each other inside her. She takes control turning us making her being on top without making us break any contact. She starts straddling me, I push my head back and growl loudly and push my hips up, then I sit up with her on top of me while I lie my head on top of her breasts and then start suckling them one at a time, and when I feel that she is about to hit her climax once again and I'm going to hit mine, I extend my canines growling while listening to my beautiful mate scream my name! And I bite down marking her, claiming her as MINE, the orgasm that came was something completely unexpected, we came so hard for each other, I never remember coming this much, EVER!

I never really believed in mates before, I never really understood the power between them... What a damn idiot I have been all along. Bedding those women and thinking I was satisfied if only I would have known, I can already hear Marcus giving me the I told you so speech. Still I wasn't satisfied, I breathe in my mate's new scent and it's even more enticing now with my scent mixed with hers. I started moving again without retracting my canines and once again I was rewarded by her raspy moans. I retracted my canines and lick my Mark making sure it heals appropriately, I can't stop inhaling the scent of her mark and then just when I start feeling her climax once again I see her extend her own canines, her eyes turning gold, grab my shoulders extending her claws into my skin and then she marks me on my shoulder making us cum once again. I can do this all night and day and still want more!

She didn't seem to care if there was anyone watching, usually I would be very vigilant towards that, it's not like I would want anyone looking at my mate in that condition, but this is how she wanted it, and I was very happy to oblige. She allowed me to mate and Mark her! I need to soundproof our room ASAP! I will be making love to her every single chance I get...

"DECEIVER!" She shouted suddenly

I am completely taken aback "What is wrong love?!"

CRACK! She slaps me full on, damn she IS strong! Last time someone slapped me like that it was my father for talking back at him when I was 17. I was seeing stars. 

She pushes herself off of me and I can see that her eyes are linking someone. THE FUCK?! I can hear her heart racing with anger, mine with fear. I go to her in an instant but she raises her hand towards me stoping me I can see her Priestess Mark shine dark purple. 

"Love what's wrong?!" I am full of confusion right now and I have a bad feeling. Deacon is pacing terrified. 

"Don't you dare call me Your Love EVER!" Her voice is full of venom. I see as her opal ring in her index finger lights up and I hear a woman's voice... "Izzy, it's true then?" It sounds like Bayoán's witch, Morgana... I don't understand! One moment I am in heavenly bliss and then a bucket of ice water is poured on me!

"YES! They betrayed us, Braka is gathering everybody, we leave at once, it's time to go back home!" I hear her in complete disbelief blood leaving my face! Suddenly I feel myself walk towards the tree, how is this possible?!

"IZA, BABY TALK TO ME! What happened?!" I am loosing it right now. '...we leave at once!' Is ringing in my ear. The thought of loosing her now was enough to to break me and it's bringing Deacon to madness. "IZA BABY PLEASE TALK WITH ME! I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR YOU ALL D----" Before I know what's even happening she looks into my eyes chanting and I am engulfed in darkness. 
###chapter 63: Devastated
Marcus's POV

I was awoken by the loud sounds of planes taking off. I link Kayden to ask if he knows anything about this yet I get no answer, so I link everyone else. The moment outside the pack house we notice the eerie quiet, our scent tells us that the makeshift tent city was deserted, there were none in sight! To make it weider the amount of people in OUR pack link had been reduced, Alexis, his mate Claire and her large family, among others had left the pack. 

I send half the guys to the hangar where the Osupa had their planes while the rest of us search for Kayden. 

We follow his scent to a clearing near an edge, I remember once coming here but noticed that Kayden came here to be alone so I never came back. I find him naked and passed out with the branches of a tree holding him up right and strong vines from the ground were keeping him trapped. I try to wake him, yet it's like he is in a spell. 

"Guys, let's cut him down!" And I get a link from Adam saying that the last plane took off and I can definitely hear it too loud for my ears... What happened?! When I go to help get Kayden down off the tree I see it, and take a whiff of his new scent... Shit! Avis and I can already imagine what happened.

"He is going to be very grumpy in the coming days." Avis states. I help get him down.

"Maybe more than grumpy..." I think how will he be when he wakes. 

Three days latter Kayden wakes up with a panic attack, all the time screaming for his mate. After Dr. Henry (now the only pack doctor since Ruby opted for the respect The Osupa placed on their Omega healers. She linked Henry while the planes were leaving and taking her family of mostly Omega children with her) administered a strong sedative that got him to calm down enough to talk. 

"Kayden, you marked and mated with Loiza right?" I ask while pointing at the Mark on his shoulder. No answer, and he closes his eyes and tears start falling... "In the time after she Marked me... I was thinking how much I love her, I was thinking of soundproofing OUR room to enjoy making love to her without inhibitions, I was dreaming of our life, our future... and she was scanning me for lies and secrets... and by her reaction, she found everything." He looks numb while rubbing his right cheek with a dead voice.

"I lost her Marcus... Lydia was right... With everything that happened how could I have fooled myself to think I could keep a woman like that? She is perfect brother... I wouldn't have cared if she was a virgin or not, but she was. I felt like she was the most perfect rose plucked only for me, she was only mine and taken away because you're right, we're cursed and I am an idiot." And another tear left his eye and he didn't care, he let it fall on the sheet.

"Kayden listen to me, you are BOTH Marked and mated, the Bond must have let you know if she rejected you? Can you feel her?" And another tear left his other eye. I'm starting to worry now, I have never seen him this low that he would openly cry. Last time I saw him cry he was 10 and it was because Keaton broke his femur during training.

"She hasn't had a thought about me since yesterday... not one, and just a few in the past days, she isn't hurting. Right before she put me to sleep her brother's witch contacted her... If you say the planes left by the time you found me they must have been prepared for a negative outcome of the information Loiza might find. So I imagine Morgana was ready with a blocking spell... They already suspected us Marcus... She suspected that I was holding valuable information from her and that her mate was a lying sack of shit. And even then she was patient of my ignorance of things I should know, I could feel her disappointment but she didn't give up and started teaching me to be better, she was showing me the beauty of harmony and balance. She gave me the chance to come clean and you were right as usual... I blew it. She even saved me from going crazy from that sword, only for me to go crazy now. It's good I'm sedated, I can go thought every detail of how much she expected of me only to let her down every chance I got." His voice is just a dead whisper now...

I let him go on about how Deacon has gone silent, on how he hated the silence of the pack, now smaller and without the hustle and bustle of The Osupa, his eyes look dead, too... I am going to put him on suicide watch. He closes his eyes and talks about how I was right, that no woman can even come close to a true mate... But his eyes worry me, he isn't giving eye contact, he's merely just looking at at the ceiling, at the plant on the corner, anywhere but at me.

"Brother, I don't know how much this will help, but she left some belongings behind, Henry was thinking it might hurt more but--" He perked up and actually looked at me. 

"Henry is an idiot, what did she leave? Where is it?!" And I give him a bag with some books. 

"They have her original scent!" And the first book is The Prince, he opens it and its margins are full of her annotations. He sits up and starts reading them. He goes to the next book, The Art of War and when he opens it a lock of her hair falls out and he holds it like he caught a moth and takes it to his nose to it and closes his eyes and takes a deep breath inhaling her, after a while of that he puts it carefully back in the book and sees that it also is full of her notes. 

"Marcus look, she even wrote which battles, both human and Supernatural, used the specific tactic and why some failed and others were successful! And these notes look old, like she has been studying them for years." He takes out the last book, it looks very old, yet the leather binding and the pages look well preserved. It has a note saying that's about primal animals and spirits of Supernaturals, but the language is one I have never seen. It only has one annotation... 'The Catacombs.' 

"What do you think it means?" Catacombs?

"I'm not sure, but I once read The Osupa do have Catacombs under the original historic part of their Capital... and look, there is an indenture that looks like a smaller book or pamphlet was inside." He traces it in deep thought. 

"Do you think she left them on purpose?" His voice was hopeful and I didn't want to add fuel to that, but I didn't want to lie to him either. So I take another bag with the last item left on her desk. 

"I don't know Kay, but the first two books were wrapped in this. The other was found on the floor." And I hand him the bag. He takes it like a thirsty person who reaches for water. 

"It's her red cloak!" And he takes it to his face and inhales the fabric. "Marcus she left this on purpose!" I can't help but sigh. 

"Kayden, she could have left it by accident." I don't want to raise his hopes.

"Then why leave THIS cloak? This is the cloak we mated on, it has mine and her old scent and our new ones after marking." I have to make him snap out of it and now I'm thinking Henry was right. 

"Kayden, it could also mean she might have not wanted it. Maybe it gave her pain." And he lay down again and covered himself fully with the blanket. 

"Marcus can I have another sedative?" He asks from his cocoon. I go tell Henry who is prepping a liquid to put in a syringe.

"Yes, I just prepared the dose of Hayan that was prepared for his mate's brother... you know, the one who found his mate in the dungeons? Well Daniella taught me how to make it so he can sleep soundly.

"Yeah, he needs to rest his mind for a while." And when we go back in the room, Kayden was looking out the window into the dark night. He puts his mate's belongings on the table next to him except for her cloak which he is holding for dear life and lets Henry inject him. And it works fast enough to knock him out in a few minutes. One last lonesome tear being shed. And now I don't know if I want a mate at all.
###chapter 64:The Blocking Spell
Loiza's POV:

I don't feel anything... No love, no hate, no fear, no sympathy, it's like I am just an empty shell. When Morgana put the block up while I was securing Kayden to the tree all anger or passion towards him faded away, there were still traces of everything we just did... a memory of joy, bliss and pleasure. When I took one last look at his beautiful face I couldn't help but kiss him one last time and cut a lock of his hair, my feelings for him were just neutral and yet a part of me compelled me to do that. I took my clothes in my mouth and shifted to run faster... Aryn was not happy at all, not with me, not with Kayden, not even with Deacon and I wasn't in a negotiating mood so I compelled her to run as fast as possible to the tent. 

Everyone was evacuating to the planes and many Blood Moon pack members saw the commotion and wanted to come with us... mostly Omegas. The rest that wanted to raise the alarm were enchanted by the Priestesses to forget what they saw and go home. 

When I went to my personal tent with the things I had brought in advance from the pack house, my feelings were still off, yet I didn't want to leave Kayden, I was so confused. I had a memory of immense fondness towards him, when I saw in his memories I understood why he was so ignorant of many things. His parents kept both him and Marcus from important information, especially about The Council, but because Marcus is a Beta his natural curiosity and hunger for knowledge gave him an edge. Yet I also saw the immense potential Kayden has to be an exceptional leader and what a ferocious Warrior he is and despite of his faults he has particular favor from the Goddess. As to why, I didn't have enough time to see. I am still processing his memories, yet the goal of finding betrayal was met. His mother sold us out, his father was complicit and he KNEW, that's the information that I was to find. I am still working out the timeline of when he knew. 

So when I was in the tent I start picking up my books... The Prince and The Art of War with my notes should help him be a better leader, I take off my cloak and cut a lock of my own hair putting it inside one of them, then I wrap the books in the cloak we mated on... it means nothing to me right NOW, I hope he finds it and fulfills his destiny. I can't find the gibberish book and I asume Bayoán took it, but my small note pad was with the other books so I put it in my bag...

"Cacique we must go!" Yaya comes for me and we leave not looking back. 

Once in the plane I have a chance to ask Morgana what's happening with my emotions. 

"Izzy, it takes time to get used to it. But your emotions will return in a few days, it's just that your brain is adjusting to who it's supposed to take effect on blocking. When it determines it's the one who marked you, the block will release your emotions as before but not let the ones from him enter your mind. But you have to understand something Izz, the mate Bond, especially between Alphas, is very strong. You still will get some emotions and thoughts from him, but of every single blocking spell, this is the strongest." I took in the information, I didn't really care for anything right now so I stoped caring for the explanation but I understood. I felt as light as a feather and for a while I hoped my emotions would never come back. 

I listened to the exited voices around me while I looked out the window to the darkness of the night and suddenly I had a flash of his green jade eyes glowing even greener. I cleared my mind and I pushed them out, and suddenly I felt so tired and before I know it I am waking up at the bumping of the the plane landing. The first thought was of him, I know Marcus found him and my spell is still holding. It should hold for a week, but somehow I know it won't hold for that long. I look out the window and the sunshine looks splendid but I see that there are still debris around the airport and I feel nothing. I remember the woman from The Catacombs and I know that there is a purpose I have to meet... but I don't care.

Some vehicles were working but it will take time to mobilize the people back to their homes and Avalon was working overtime to get shelter for the new additions, every Truth Seer was interrogating everyone new since we were in the air. The Priestesses and technicians had achieved a lot from yesterday to now but again I just don't really care. 

Bayoán comes to me with Morgana, Yaya, Gloria and Braka with his mate... Helena?

"Izzy, Morgana explained to me how the block works and I am reliving you of your duties until you are fully back with us, ok?" He says and I feel through the link he is a bit afraid and sad for me.

"Agreed, I could turn this island to ashes right now and just not care. Even I can recognize I am not fit to rule right now. Just take me to The Fort and put a Prime Priestess to guard me just in case. I trust you can handle a few days of ruling yourself and I expect that the military will assist." I say looking at Braka. 

"Yes Cacique, we will honor the sacrifice you have done for the pack!" I just look at all of them with what I imagine is a blank face and I nod.

Bayoán lets Braka take charge of the relocation of the people, while he, Morgana, Yaya and Gloria take me to The Fort. When we arrive it looks totally different from just yesterday, it looks like it did before the treachery of The Council... 

"Sister, the Alpha's Chambers are ready for you." I only have been there once with Luna Isla, she never used the Luna's Chamber, that was a way of living from before, but it's not like it would be eliminated. The Alpha's Chambers were huge, with the best view to the ocean and an open half roofed half Moon balcony that could be enclosed like a cocoon in case of an attack.

"I want you to know that I have put Nina in charge of doing some add ons I need and doing some remodeling here, so whomever lives here feels at home and of the design of a city to be built in Uguaca Bay. So whatever bullshit you have with her get over it." I don't want to hear shit about it. "Awe c'mon Izzy!" He says with the most childish tone I have ever heard. And the look I gave him was enough to shut him up and make him comply. I feel more powerful being here.

"Find the best historical architect Master to revive the old citadel and I want the modern part of Itiba to look worthy of a modern metropolitan city, again work with Nina. l also want The Luna's Chamber be prepared for Luna Isla to her liking, she will remain Luna of this pack and she will be treated with the same honor and respect as before, is that understood?" My voice sounds monotone even to me. 

"As you say Alpha." Then to his mate. "How long is she going to be this way again?" Morgana rolls her eyes. "As long as it takes for her brain waves to adjust to it, so you will have to get used to it for now, after what she did for the pack she deserves a damn break stop being a damn jackass! What's your problem? You fucked up yesterday and here you're doing AGAIN!" She answers totally annoyed. 

"I agree with Morgana, Beta... What the Alpha has achieved is dangerous and could have cost her sanity, the spell is keeping her together, she needs rest. You are in charge but she is still Alpha, one who is lacking emotions now, they will come little by little, so lets make sure that rage and anger are not the first to come for all of our sakes. So deal with your own issues! You agreed with this plan, so now follow through!" Gloria says. Can't argue with that logic.

Then she addresses me... "Alpha with your leave I will go to OPIA HQ with my team to make sure everything is on schedule, I will contact the Beta with any news... But I want to thank you for your courage and sacrifice and congratulate you on the success of your mission. I know you don't feel the pain now, but I assure you we will investigate Alpha Kayden and try to help you piece what you saw... Remember, from what you have reported so far, he might be innocent. When you are ready we will be available to verify the timeline." I just nod at her, I don't care for any of this right now. 

I just walk away to the stairway that leads to the Alpha's Chambers, I just don't want to talk with anyone right now, I want a bath and to be alone. I open the double doors into the massive rooms... Is this necessary for one person, alone? A King sized four poster bed with pure white linens and a white mosquito net hanging from the roof. Kayden comes to mind again, I feel him for an instant and just as quickly the thought is gone. The rooms are full of natural light from the five open dark wood narrow doble doors that lead to the half Moon coral stone balcony. The breeze is the perfect temperature with the delicious salt air of the ocean and the sound of the waves breaking way down below on the bottom of the rocky cliff. It beckons to me and I go out, I swallow the salt breeze, but I have no emotional response as I know I usually would, yet I still sit on one of the couches that surround a small fire pit in the middle. The sudden urge to roast marshmallows with my children here enters my mind, this spell isn't just messing with my emotions, but my mind is compromised. 

I get up and verify the massive walk in closet and it has a few ítems and a note: 

Greetings Cacique!

I am Master Ximena Le Blanche, I will be coming tomorrow to take your measurements to create a beautiful wardrobe worthy of a Queen. I am honored to serve you Cacique, in the meantime I have left some items that you can use.

Your loyal subject,

Maddame Le Blanche 

Subject? The items include several pijamas in different textiles and colors, a few dresses, robes, cloaks, jeans, t-shirts, shorts, bathing suits, sandals, flip flops, heels, boots... I think all this is enough yet I remember that I'm Cacique now and how I look represents my people. I take a pair of cotton white short pijama bottoms and a white lycra tank top and a beautiful purple kimono robe with white plum blossoms at the bottom and go in the large bathroom. It has another closet stocked with towels and other toiletries. I soak for a while until I have washed as much of Kayden off of me, dress and put the kimono on a chair by the bed that connects to a sitting area. 

I lie on the bed and stare at the white ceiling with dark wood rafters through the net and let the ocean lull me to sleep. 
###chapter 65: The Voice in the Void
Kayden's POV:

I am walking in darkness, I have no sense of direction, there is only a void but I keep walking forward, I feel someone walking next to me but I can't scent who... I have no ability to scent.

"Who is there?" I ask to the void.

'Kayden? It's Deacon. Where are we?' I try to reach out to him and feel his fur, I feel his agony and I feel that he feels mine.

"I don't know old friend." This is the first time I meet my wolf outside my head yet I feel him as he was still in my mind. He is afraid and as devastated as I am.

"Deacon I am sorry I didn't tell Loiza about what Lydia and Keaton did in time. You were right, please don't go silent again." I am so sorry, my mind is overwhelmed, this pain is consuming me. I fall to my knees in the darkness... I feel Deacon nuzzling my face and I can't help but to wrap my arms around his neck and weep like a child, he whimpers with me.

'Kayden, how are we going to get mate back?' He still has hope, he is a wolf, does he understand that she doesn't want us, that my betrayal is more than likely irreversible.

**He understands more than you know.**

Both Deacon and I hear the voice, it's female.

"Who are you?" I ask to the darkness.

**It doesn't matter who I am but your wolf is a very ancient spirit, he doesn't remember himself... Deacon, you have to try to remember you must help guide Kayden.**

'I am an old spirit? I don't remember. All I remember is Deacon.'

**You must try to remember, this is not the first time you have lost Aryn and likely not the last. I will help gide you but you must tap into your ancient wisdom. Kayden is human, he needs you to guide him, you two can not be at odds with each other.**

I am still holding on to Deacon for dear life. "Guide me how? For what reason?"

**For balance, for harmony... for life. Where there is life, there is hope.**

'Cicero used to say that. I remember Cicero.'

"You knew Cicero? Wasn't he like a Roman emperor or something?"

'He was Cicero, he was no emperor, he was wise. That's all I remember.'

**Kayden, Deacon, you two must to learn to work together. You are one.**

"Will this help get Loiza back?"

**She has her own destiny... but you are mated to her for a purpose. To reach that purpose you must grow. Loiza showed you that rage, anger, confusion and ignorance do not make a good ruler. You have been kept in darkness like the one you are in now.**

"The Osupa train since they are pups to gain the control and they have, how can I reach that when all I know is that power is strength and dominance?"

**Then you must first accept you are a pup yourself then... she gave you a gift, she has discipline and a strong will, she always did.. Remember? She was not raised in darkness, yet she gave some light to gide you. She is still trying to understand many things and she has been surrounded by wise people who have guided her. She is wise enough to choose those to help council her to rule correctly, yet she gave you light to grow from a pup to a man, the books are only the begining yet her notes are a precious key to unlocking the true wisdom of those books.**

"I can't read one of the books, do you know where I can find that book in my language?"

**She did not leave that book for you... I did. You will not find that book in your language. To be able to read it, you must first stop being a pup, only then will you be able to read it.**

"If you left that book to me, how will she be guided by it?"

**She does not need it, just like with the other two books, she has it memorized and her notes of it is all she needs. She also is still growing but her mind is open to knowledge. And like you, she does not fear me.**

I take it all in and notice I am still holding on to Deacon on my knees. I stand still keeping contact with him and a small dim green light appears in front of us. I can see my hands, I can see some of Deacon's features.

**You have taken the first step... to STAND with your spirit animal. There is much power in just standing.**

I remember of what Loiza's brother Maco said about her after her healing bath. She took on her duty to lead despite her pain, her age and her inexperience, she was a Gamma and in a matter of days proved she had the ability to be powerful Alpha.

**Because of her inexperience she chose the people to surround herself to guide her carefully, she took the books her father used teach the old Alpha's son and his own children to verify her notes and review what she knows makes a proper leader, yet she also has a strong intuition and knows when to follow it.**

'You can see me now Kayden?'

"I can." I take my hand to his muzzle. "Do I count on you old friend?"

'Yes, you must grow and I must remember.'

**You have been a child in darkness for so long Kayden, now that you can see light you must work to make that light be bright and be the man you are meant to be. You must learn to control your anger, your fear, your insecurities. And Deacon you must to do the same and remember. You must both awake now and be the Warrior you are meant to be. Awake now and grow.**

"Kayden, are you ok? Wake up brother you're scaring me!" I hear Marcus's voice waking me.

'Deacon we are one, we can do this, we can get her back but we have to be smart about it. Are you with me?'

'Yes Kayden, we will grow and remember. We must control our destiny, we must control ourselves. I will not go silent again.'

"By the Goddess Kayden! Are you ok? Wake up!" Marcus's voice sounds closer.

I open my eyes and I am in my room. Loiza's cloak in my arms. I am remembering the dream... no, it was no dream.

"Finally! How do you feel brother?" I look at my kid brother and am angry that I was acting like the kid, it's time for that kid to go.

"I feel pain Marcus, I feel her and I am worried for her, I can feel she is a shell now but I understand why she did what she did. We need each other." I sit up and look for her books. Marcus looks at me confused.

"You're not angry Kay?" I still look around for Loiza's books.

"A little brother, but I am working on it. I am disappointed in myself, I am sorry we were raised the way we were. But getting angry won't get us anywhere... Marcus where are the books?" He looks stunned.

"I'm sorry brother, I have them. I was studying them while you slept." For a moment I thought I lost them.

"Good, it will be helpful to have your insight, what have you found in them?" He blinks a few times.

"Who are you and what have you done with my brother?!" I can't help but laugh.

"He did some... soul searching. How many are left in the pack?" Might as well face the music.

"We lost over 400 members Kayden." I nod understanding. And fold her cloak neatly and place it on my pillow and stand up.

"Kayden you're kinda scaring me..." I understand why he would feel like that.

"Why Marcus? Because I'm not loosing my shit? How will I get her back like that? I am trying here Marcus. With the old way not only did I loose my mate but over 400 members, for many Alpha's that's their whole pack, not the sign of a good leader or a good man. What time is it?" I have a lot of work to do and now I understand what the voice said about Loiza having her own destiny. She has to rebuild her pack after the treason mine did and I have to rehabilitate mine.

"It's almost 2:00 pm, why?" I get some clothes.

"We have work to do Marcus, I am taking a shower, have Nancy get me something light to eat. I'm hungry but with days without food it'll just make me feel worse, I'll eat something stronger later. After that meet me in my office with the books, ok?" I grab a fresh towel from the closet.

"Damn Kayden, that was some hefty soul searching! How's Deacon?" My eyes go black and I let Deacon answer himself.

"I am hurting Marcus, I want her back, but we must be smart about it." My eyes go back to normal and Marcus's jaw almost hits the floor.

"How did you do that?!" He asks.

"I'm just figuring that out right now Marcus, we'll continue this conversation in my office, ok?"

"As you say... Alpha!" He says.

"Oh, and Marcus... do we have any books about Cicero?
###chapter 66:  Knowledge is Power
Kayden's POV:

Marcus and I have been at these books for hours now. After reading The Prince I go back to reading Loiza's VERY detailed notes in every single page. The book is no joke, well I guess anything out of the head of Machiavelli would be no joke. Loiza is 19 and even though It's not a long book, to think she has read this since she was 14 and many times over, gives me an idea of how she thinks. Or at least what she thinks the virtues a strong new ruler should have and even though it's a bit chilling it's very in tune with how to lead a werewolf pack, yet her notes are indeed the key like the voice said... her interpretation is where the real insight lies. 

She points out in every page where she agrees and disagrees with Machiavelli and why, again in great detail. And as I read her opinion I am inclined to agree with her point of view and not because of any bias because she's my mate... It's logical. She was a Gamma until a little over a week ago yet even Marcus agrees that her thought process is like that of a Beta. No wonder a 19 year old Gamma is a successful Alpha, she processes information in different perspectives. 

"Damn Kayden no offense, but reading her notes on both books we never stood a chance! I have read many opinions in Political Science and warfare in The Council library, including both these books, but her notes are the most introspective and logical ones I have ever read. I am going to the library to get a chess set, she even uses chess moves and strategy to describe both offensive and defensive moves to prove her theoretical hypothesis to a practical one. I have to see this, are you up for a game?" I have never seen Marcus this exited and impressed by someone's brain and I became even more curious of my mates mind. 

"Yeah and can you have Jolene bring coffee? It's going to be a long night, for me at least." Marcus had to go to outside to get books on Cicero. I want to check them to see if it jogs Deacon's memory. 

"Kayden, Jo left, she went to Avalon with Kendra to be a trainee Priestess's Handmaid." I rub my temples, I guess you would not want to be where you are under appreciated. 

"I'll link Nancy, I'll be right back." Over 400 members gone in one night... Alpha Everet of Half Crescent Moon in West Virginia has only little over three hundred members. 

In the last blank pages of The Prince, Loiza wrote down the entire Greek Alphabet pointing out the element that rules what rank along with both their strengths and their weakness and any special particularities... she didn't miss anything. And I am more in awe of her, when I was 14 my head was in getting strong and making out with girls while she was analyzing Machiavelli and Sun Tzu, who knows what else! Of course she got the better of me... And I can't help but smile, I felt proud of having such a mate! Now it's the getting her back that will be the tricky part and I am more determined than ever to achieve it! She was a pearl in my hand and I didn't even know how valuable.

Marcus comes back with the board and coffee, we do a warm up game just us to fucking remember HOW to move the pieces... "Damn Marcus we are a disgrace!" 

"Speak for yourself Bozo, I'm not the one who moved the Rook diagonally!" We were actually having fun just figuring out the game again. By the next day we were just playing naturally and got a clock to time ourselves. On the third day we decided to use Izzy's strategies... and holy fuck, she would have massacred us! Every strategy she interpreted from Sun Tzu to chess she would win every time no matter what color you played. We did this for several days in intervals. We did have a pack to run after all but if we can get THIS we have a chance at repairing it correctly and better our defences against attacks. And being able to determine which guards should be where and at what time among other things. 

"I definitely do not want to go to war with your mate Kayden... And after days of registering Loiza's moves and counter moves all I see is that The Council would be over their heads trying to test her. And now I suspect they did have spies in Karaya and opted to kill Loiza rather than Yaya who is a freaking Truth Seer." That's right... they got Yaya out so she couldn't give Izzy support basically leaving her to tackle the mountain alone. If she wouldn't have been ordered to evacuate she would be dead. And for the first time in days I am angry, whether or not she was my mate, she is a 19 year old girl that they wanted dead because they knew that if she would be the one leading the pack they're chance of conquest would be greatly diminished. 

And yeah, the fact that she's my mate makes me take it personally. 

I link Avis and Gabriel to come to my office. Marcus and I kept going over the moves and changing the them up, however, whomever played with Izzy's strategy won. She was able to get their island back three days after a mayor catastrophy not even taking the other problems into account. And she did it by placing the correct people in the positions that played to their strengths. Just like a chessboard...

The guys arrive just as Marcus takes my last knight and is only 2 moves from getting his queen back, he is playing Izzy's strategy. 

"Alpha you called for us?" I hand them a print out of the Greek Alphabet.

"I need you guys to verify everyone in the pack per household and list who belongs to which letter. I want to know who in the pack is a Delta, a Kappa, a Mu, and so on. We are basically conducting a census. Got it?" I take a bite of a sandwich and try to think of my next move.

"This looks like Osupa philosophy Alpha." Gabriel states. 

"That would be correct Gabe. You don't agree with how they structure their pack?" I want their opinion. 

"Alpha did you get to taste the venison stew they made for their ceremony for the dead?" Already I am imagining his opinion and smile. 

"Didn't get the chance man, but I did taste something else their Kappas made. Why?" I ask.

"Alpha I have had venison stew before, I used to think my Nana's was the best until I tasted the one the Osupa chefs made. Now I think my Nana's stew is crap! Do you have any idea how bad that makes me feel? I love my Nana, but I won't be able to eat hers without comparing it to the one the Osupa made. My Nana is a Chi and was able to put my broken shin bone together súper easily and almost painlessly so it would heal correctly in no time! So that damn stew made me a believer in this... system they use. We have only Henry in medical now. The Osupa had specialist in just about everything. I will go to the Village and get on this, Avis, do you want to start here?" I look to Avis, he has been quiet. 

"Are you telling me that the stew came out like THAT because it was prepared by Kappas?!" I nod my head. 

"I swear it, come here." Both Avis and Gabe come over to look at the chart we prepared and the pages of Izzy's book that show the pattern. 

"Fuck me! This explains A LOT my mom is an Omega and is not strong and can't cook for shit, yet everytime I come home from training aching like Hades she will give me a massage and the moment she is done I'm ready for another round of pounding, for some reason her massages help me heal in half the time, maybe faster... I thought that was just a mom thing. How did we not know this?!"

"It's not in any book in The Council library and we base our knowledge in the information they have. The Osupa are not under the jurisdiction of The Council, but Avalon... And their information is much more accurate." Marcus responds. 

"That's why we want to implement this system and give it a trial run to see how it goes, what do you think?" I ask. And I start noticing that I am asking for other's opinions... Thinking of it, I never really used to do that. 

"Good, because my brother is a Kappa and is a teacher at the middle school, he hates his job and sucks at it! Then he gets home he won't stop bitching about it! Gabe we'll do it as you say, when I'm done with the pack house I'll link you to help in the village, got it?" He says looking at the chart. 

"Got it!" Gabe replies. Avis is game!

"Alpha, why did they leave? Why did the Luna leave?" Avis asks sounding a little sad.

"Avis when you guys are done we will call a meeting to explain everything. Ok?" Marcus answers, he knows I am in no mood to go into it. And they leave. I'm still looking at the board and I am not finding a way out. 

"Kayden we are going to have to get everything from them and try to contact Avalon..." It tastes so bitter in my mouth... just the thought of Mordred in my head again with no backup makes me feel sick, but not having Izzy in my arms again makes me not want to wake up in the mornings. 

I lower my king. "Let's get this over with!"
###chapter 67: The Stress That Breaks
Guanina's POV:

It has been three days since Izzy is an emotionless robot. Last time I had a meeting with Bayoán I wanted to stab him in his jugular, it wouldn't be the first time I have had that want... When I went to check if she liked her room as it was she looked confused, she just said that it's to big. Izzy LOVES the ocean, of all of us I've always thought that she has always had a strange relationship with it... So she would spend her nights in the balcony listening to the ocean and playing casually with the fire of the fire pit and her days in The Catacombs demanding to be alone. When Maddame Le Blanche came to take her measurements to prepare a wardrobe for her, she would not get feedback from Izzy, and said she would return when she was feeling ok again. One night I went to her usual place in the balcony with Ura, weed and beer to talk smack trying to rekindle The Circle, she ORDERED us with her Alpha voice to leave her the fuck alone in the most monotone way.

Emotions or no that's not like her, Ura wanted to tell her that Freya was pregnant. Izzy has always been the apple of Urayoán's eye, so he went to Bayoán to demand that the block be taken off. 

"You bitched about me being her Beta and that's part of the job, if that block goes down she will crumble especially now! So do your job and let me do mine!" Ura took a swing at Bayoán but Bayoán caught the incoming punch and rapidly punched Ura back landing it straight to his jaw cracking it. Suania was there and started crying. Bayoán is an asshole, but I know damn well that if he would have used all his strength Ura would be days in the hospital with half a face. And I noticed the amount of stress Bayoán was in. 

Usually everyone leaves when I get in a fight with him but this time I had to serve as peace keeper... I hate keeping the peace!

"OK STOP IT! For fucks sake Izzy is counting on us to keep the pack functioning! Look at what she did for us and is this how we are repaying her?!" I like getting on her nerves and pushing her buttons, but Izzy is an awesome sister and has proven she can easily lead. 

"I can't keep seeing her like that! She has even cut her link!" Ura said with difficulty. 

Bayoán sat on the chair of his office which used to be father's, The Fort is not a pack house, it's what it's name implies, it's a  Fortress. And when our ancestors built it they constructed it so everyone could do their job individually and then meet in the Council Chamber to organize cohesively. It's always been a magnificent structure, the Kappas of those days used coral stone, granite and quartz, the materials available here and in neighboring islands to make it indestructible against attacks from both sea and land. And the design of the throne room was a dome that reflected the acoustics of the Alpha's voice and also serves as a shelter. They mixed what the Spaniards did, and added elements or Ancient Roman architecture and used the Golden Ratio to make it a genius of design, it's one of the first things studied in the Architectural School at the University. 

"Well you will have to endure it! Do you fucking think I like seeing my little sister like this Urayoán?! If Morgana takes down that block she is risking Izzy's sanity! Put yourself in HER shoes damn it! She's miles away from her mate, who's family almost destroyed us, she is a Priestess of Avalon! What she did is considered taboo to them, in their eyes it's the equivalent to us rejecting a mate, she went against what she knows to be right to get the information we needed to ensure our survival, knowing that there was a chance the she would lose her mate after fully bonded! I admit that I've become a full blown asshole but you're being selfish! Do you really think that if that block goes down you will get your little sister back, especially in her condition?!" Damn it, I HATE agreeing with him. 

"Wait what condition?" I ask. 

He takes a breath and pinches the bridge of his nose and looks at Ura: "Your mate is not the only prego in the building, Izzy was in Heat when she mated with Kayden and from what Daniella says it's a double header." He stands from his desk and goes to a small fridge and grabs a bottle of vodka form the freezer and just takes a chug at it and puts on the desk for whomever wants some. Ura and I sit in the chairs in front of his desk I take a chug and pass it to Ura, but he doesn't want it. 

"Bayoán it's only been DAYS!" I don't know what else to say. For Twins Souls is absolutely understandable, from what I have been checking out they start their Heat at once, but an Alpha?

"She's not a regular female werewolf Nina, she's an Alpha, her body will adapt to ensure an heir and accelerate the process." He REALLY looks stressed. Ok, I think I get what happened now... Is it because their BOTH Alphas?

"Does she know?" I am lost for words. 

"No... At least I don't think so... No one has told her, but you guys know her. As a Priestess I have a feeling she does." Izzy was trained in Avalon to know any changes in her body.

"Ok, wolves in the wild have their pups in two months, as we are also human that time is extended to a six month pregnancy, usually Alphas are male, if in days we know she's pregnant, how long until she's due?" Is there precedence for this?

"We don't know, Daniella is looking in the old files trying to find how were Alpha Kiskeya's (our mother's namesake) pregnancies, she did have 8 pups if memory serves me right." He says rubbing his forehead. "We have to digitalize those records." Then to Urayoán. 

"So now YOU tell me Ura, how is Freya coping with HER pregnancy? Morgana is a witch with a human pregnancy cycle and in her second trimester... She is driving me insane and she is just a witch that can control ONE element, but counts with the love and support of her mate doting on her and trying to make her laugh whenever possible. Freya has you loving her and comforting her as her Twin Soul, when her hormones kick in she has her mate to cuddle, reassure her that she is loved by him and telling her that she is still the beautiful woman that he loves... We can give Izzy our love and support and shower her with everything we can give her, but she isn't getting that from her MATE, the other part of her soul is far away and persona non grata to her. Now you tell me brother, what do YOU think will happen if Morgana takes down that block? Why do you think Izzy herself commanded a PRIME PRIESTESS to guard her? Do you think the Lady Sumayah enjoys being a sentry to another Priestess? They consider themselves SISTERS! Sumayah and any Priestess considers this a betrayal to their sisters, she's doing it because Izzy herself asked for it to ensure our safety from herself." Ura's eyes go dim and reaches for the bottle taking a very deep chug at it and I extend my arm for it joining him.

"We are dealing with a pregnant ALPHA, who can master ALL elements, doesn't have her mate and is waiting for all the findings of evidence from Avalon to make a formal war declaration to the fucking Werewolf Council! Have you ever really studied the teachings father gave us on warfare Ura? Izzy HAS and knows them by heart, I read her notes once when you and her were in Istanbul. Do you know what I saw? I saw a mind sharper than FATHER all over her notes. Let's just say that her mind is a sponge and she has been training since even before going to Avalon... Moira had already told father that Izzy would be going, so he taught both her and Yadiel about the basics, herbology, astronomy and basic combat. She was taught by Moira HERSELF, they don't just teach the ways of the Goddess in Avalon, they change their perspective to see what we CAN'T, then she comes back and Dad puts her to train advanced combat with Braka with Cleo as sparing partner and he keeps teaching all the things he thought all of us, she trains at OPIA with Tia Ayiti reviewing all the stealth, speed and accuracy already taught to us by Mom, and to put the icing on the cake Yaya keeps teaching her to be High Priestess! THINK URA! What will happen if a pregnant Alpha with her power is released before the correct time from that which is binding her emotions?! And I suspect everyone has seen the new Mark she has? Well there is an entity who gave it to her, she was able to read and memorize the gibberish book, not even Moira can read it!"

Ura can't or doesn't want to answer... But we all know what could happen, even Nia is silent and it's scary as fuck! I rub my face from the stress.

"Ok, so what do you need from us and when does Morgana calculate the block will take hold just for Kayden and Izzy is Izzy again?" Shit, these months are going to be painful for her and I have to contact Master Rafael to decorate a nursery, I love how he has decorated every room so far, I know Izzy enough to know that she will love her room when she is herself again and Luna Isla's room made her so happy despite her pain. 

"For starters you can all get out of my damn ass! I am dealing not just with Izzy, we have the refugees from Blue Moon, the escapees from Blood Moon and Oceania Luna and Lune Première are on their way, not to mention that the rest of OUR pack arrives in two days! Add to that, that we have another sibling in distress over his mate, Amelia is taking longer to wake, Anacaona fears she has deep trauma and her wolf has become overprotective... Thankfully Maco's lab and research for the termal suits for the Priestesses was intact and keeps him occupied, however he still goes everyday to the hospital to be near her so that Mero can soothe her wolf! Nina I know you are busy with what Izzy asked of you and I swear sister I AM trying to reach middle ground with you, but I have to take into account the resources we have and calculating what we will need when the new packs come. I know you want to build a Grand City in a week, right now that's impossible so please deal with the resources I can give you for now and still design whatever your heart's desire, we will get to it! 

"Ura I also know that you have your hands full with the hunters to supply food for everyone until the farmers can get everything back to normal with the help of Avalon, they are working with the engineers to make better systems of agriculture, we used to be over 10,800 before the volcano, we lost over 1,300, now add the numbers of those who came with us and the two extra packs. The block will do what it will and Izzy will be herself again, but the spell is recalibrating for TWO Alphas. That leaves only Suania helping take some of the burden of Maco and his mate, that's why I didn't let her join you with the hunters, SO WILL YOU ALL GIVE ME A DAMN BREAK?!" Shiiiiit, I am so glad I am not a Beta. 
###chapter 68: The Luna
Loiza's POV:

Another day I wake and feel nothing, Sumayah has been staying with me, my bed is big enough that we both share it. It brings me memories of Avalon and sharing beds when we get there, the little ones share rooms, you get your own chamber when you turn 8. It was like a slumber party every night, I FEEL something from the memory... nostalgia?

Sumayah is already awake in the sitting area prepping a bowl out of the several things brought up from the kitchens for breakfast. She comes over with a bowl and a smile... "Good morning Loiza, how are you feeling?" Every morning she asks...

"I don't." And she sits and hands me the bowl full of fruits. I look at it trying to figure out what I want and she impales the cantaloupe and hands me the fork. 

"It's always been your favorite hun." I take it to my mouth and the flavor is neutral like everything else. Yet I got a bit of flavor.

"You just twitched your brow for a moment, did you get any taste?" Moira sent Sumayah specifically for this task she is a reader... I am a task. I don't like how that sounds. 

"A little at the end but I'm not hungry." And she sighs. 

"Loiza dear you must eat." When you don't have feelings by the power of a spell like this is more than just mere alexithymia, at least they get hungry and enjoy food.

"It's fine enjoy the food, I am not hungry." And I go take a shower.

"Loiza! Stop right there! And she stops me in my tracks and turns me around. She is using the water in my body to command me to eat, it's considered rude. "I'm sorry dear but you MUST eat!"

"Why? Because I'm pregnant?" And her eyes confirm it. 

"Yes. You might not feel anything now but very soon you will and it will not be on my watch that when you get those feelings it's guilt that which dominates you. Now sit!" Sumayah has always been very patient and is one of Avalon's most gifted teachers. Her pack in the mountains of Afghanistan were wiped out by the war, only her and like 150 others remain. 

I obey her and eat everything in the bowl and she hands me a cup of chai tea with soy milk. Domingo sure is sending all of my favorites... While I drink it Sumayah is looking at me expectantly, I do enjoy the taste. She raises an eyebrow asking. 

"I did enjoy that." And she gives me a faint smile and pats my hand. And the urge to ask something comes... I haven't had any urge for anything these days. 

"Loiza ask your question, it's ok." Like I said, a reader.

"Where are the rest of your people now?" She sighs. 

"They are deep in mountains in a cave system made long ago." And I am deep in thought, I get another urge. 

"Well it seems curiosity is the first feeling coming back, ask my dear." She says with her ever gentle voice and takes the tea cup that was lingering in my hands.

"Do you think they would want to come here? I would grant them sanctuary." And she takes my hands in hers... "Oh, Izzy I was mistaken, curiosity is not the first feeling you're getting, it is compassion. You have always had a beautiful heart." And for some reason that moves me a little bit.

"Do you think they would accept my invitation? A few Priestesses could open a small portal for them to come immediately." She looks clearly moved by this and starts taking my hands to her lips to kiss them, but I stopped her, I don't deserve thanks, we should have done that before, I did not like the feeling I was getting from that. She is a reader and she understood.

"I think they would like that very much." I get up to take my shower, the water has also been helping me feel. "Go to the Beta and have Moira portal them, I'll be in the--"

"Catacombs, I know, what do you do down there?" She asks as she picks up the tray with the leftovers. 

"Searching." And I close the door behind me I yearn for solitude. 

After dressing in a pair of jeans and a black shirt and flip flops I go to The Catacombs, everyone bows as I walk the halls but they have been made aware of my condition and they have become used to my daily visit to The Combs, so they let me be. Like everyday I snap my fingers to light the torches only this time the fires are green. I look towards all the halls, I don't see her but I feel her presence. 

"Thank you for keeping me company, I have been wanting solitude but I don't mind your presence." I asked her last time by which name would she like to be called and she just dismissed the question so I decide not to ask again. And go deeper in to one of the oldest sections with my notes now transcribed to a larger book, apparently the gibberish book has been lost.

**Not lost.**

"So she speaks." I say as I take out my pen. 

**What do you seek?**

"I guess I'll know when I find it." I answer.

**Do you have any questions?**

"Not really." I answer as I trace a new symbol I hadn't seen before it looks like a hand but it only has four fingers. There are some fae who only have four fingers, I sit in one of the stone benches writing down the species that I can remember with this feature. 

**Have you thought of asking Aryn?**

"She is no mood to talk with me and I am in no particular mood to talk with anyone." I write pan on my notes, Ayana is a hybrid so she has five fingers, but I remember her saying her mother does have four. I will have to check the subspecies of pans and fauns in the library, we may have it digitalized. 

**Your feelings are returning.**

"Yup, they will eventually." The Liminal Lady also has four fingers and scribble it down.

**Retriever Faeries also have four fingers.**

"Thanks." And I write it down too. She seems quite talkative today, I am trying to figure out how I feel about that but then I remember that some if not all Knoll fae also have four fingers. 

**The Green Men clan too have four fingers**

I close my book and look at the green flames.

"You seem quite chatty today. So when you asked if I have questions, I guess now I do. What do you want to talk about?" 

**You seem to have it figured out.**

And I can't help but laugh... I'm not sure to what emotion I owe the laughter yet. It reminded me of how I would feel when I would choose something to wear and my mother clearly did not approve and she would mumble something I couldn't understand, then I would ask her what it was she said and she would just respond 'oh nothing'. I remember that would annoy me, but I would never feel like laughing at an annoyance, is it nostalgia I'm laughing at? Does nostalgia make me laugh? Or is it irony that I'm laughing at?

"As you can clearly see I do not have it figured out. You are here and I am clearly not good company at the moment, so how do you wish to move forward?"

**He is glad for your gift you know?**

"Is he now? Well I'm glad too." Glad? That's an emotion. Do I feel glad? Is confused an emotion? Yes, it's a basic knowledge emotion. 

**Are you just glad and confused?**

"I'm also feeling annoyed, I don't remember minding riddles but I know I don't like vagueness."

**Maybe I can help you?**

"You are, you're the one making me feel annoyed. So thanks."

I put my face in my hands trying to understand the mild emotions I'm getting, I have to figure this out. I keep inviting people to come, how can I received them in this state? When I lift my face she is there with her white blank eyes and green glow. 

"Let me help you then." And she touches the Mark on my forehead. And I am bombarded by Kayden's feelings, I have visions of him reading the books I left for him, he seems calm but also sad, I see him playing chess with his brother, they are practicing my strategies, damn I didn't think he would actually go that far. I see him talk with his parents and feel his anger, he is trying to contact Moira, he is determined to to use Caliburn again to carry out the will of the Goddess. NO! They only have one not very skilled doctor. I touch my belly, he is father to my children! "STOP! PLEASE STOP!"

She releases me, my face is covered in tears. And I can't stop crying and cradling my stomach. I look up and she is gone... The fires burning in it's usual reds and oranges. I run out of there and I can only think of one place I want to go. I compose myself on the way and knock on the door. 

"Come in!" I see her sitting in her own balcony knitting, as a Kappa her work was always exquisite, I walk to her and she turns to look at me and my tears disobey me again  and her face fills with concern. 

"Oh, mi amor, come here mija I was just thinking of you!" And she opens the arms that besides my mother have comforted me.

"Mamá! And I go to her and weep into her lap like when I was a child and I feel so overwhelmed in her arms." Isla has always had that way about giving comfort. 

"I guess that the block has taken hold, hush now mi pequeña, it will all work out you'll see! Shhhh, those hormones must be also wrecking havoc on you mija." She pulls out one of her beautiful embroidered handkerchiefs this one with vivid Maga flowers, like red blood drops on the pure white fabric and dries my tears. She makes me sit next to her and cradles me. 

"I failed! They are dead because I am weak! I am so sorry!" She keeps cradling me like when I was a toddler. 

"Hush! You have always carried too much Izzy! I am so sorry for what happened to you mi chiquita, that was unfair to you, and how can you call yourself weak? I will not hear that again from your lips Loiza, do you hear me! Look all you have done! They are with Selene watching with pride." There is a knock at her door. 

"Stay here, I will not allow anyone to see our Cacique like this. And she returns quickly with a tray of what I scent as chamomile tea. 

"Here mija, for your nerves." And she pours a few drops of Tunu potion, a strong but natural calming potion. "We have to make sure those babies aren't getting unsettling feelings from their exceptional Mami right?"

"You know?" And I take a sip she even had Domingo prepare it with a little honey and a touch of vanilla like I like it, and the effect of everything is almost immediate and I feel calm. 

"Of course mija! I have been appointed as Luna of this pack by it's Alpha, part of my duties is to know everything! Why do think I am knitting?" And we both chuckle at the jist. 

"I don't know if I did the right thing. My babies won't have their father." She sighs. 

"We shall see Iza, the future is not yet written. And from what I hear he adores you, he was just afraid. What man wouldn't by the thought of loosing such a precious ever blooming flower? What Lydia did was a cruel thing but she and Keaton have always loved having a good reputation, I doubt that what they did is something they would share with their sons. The night Gai-- the Goddess crowned you I was observant of the Blacks, your mate and his brother were in awe, but Lydia... she was a wreak. I have my theories, but I prefer evidence." And she takes a sip of her tea, I noticed the little slip up, but say nothing. Isla has always been one to hold information she is unsure of. 

We sit drinking our tea and enjoying the sound of the waves and the fresh breeze in silence while catching glimpses of her wise eyes that see through everything. 
###chapter 69: Tea Party
Bayoán POV:

"So she said that, huh?" The Lady Sumayah just informed me of Izzy's latest command, she invited what's left of Alhilal Almuqadas here. Thanks Izzy just as I didn't have enough shit to deal with.

"Thank you for that information My Lady, I will take up with the Lady Moira." She stands and curtsies.

"Thank you Beta, just to know that what is left of my people is secure will give me great joy, my brothers are strong Warriors and I am sure they will be great assets to Karaya and my sister is expecting and grieving the lost of her mate. Alhilal Almuqadas, will do their part to be dutiful Osupa, I shall take my leave to continue watching over the Alpha." I stand to escort her to the door. The Lady Sumayah is a reader... I know damn well she knows they are killing me. I swear this is conspiracy to drive me stab myself with a silver dagger and end it!

She is off duty and is still bossing me around! I link Izzy but I remember she blocked it! Ugh! So I go to sniff her out, yet her scent takes me to The Luna's chamber, I was ready to go to the damn Combs to get her. When I arrive I see, smiles and laughing and tea!

"Here I was looking for robot Izzy but find Alice sipping tea with the Mad Hatter!" And more laughing.

"Well Beta I'm not wearing a hat!" Isla responds.

"Hey that was a good one! We don't even have a white rabbit!" Izzy jokes. Well isn't this just splendid!

"I guess your block took hold? Since everything looks quite peachy!" Here I am with work up to my eyeballs and she's having a damn tea party!

"Oh, I could go for peaches right now!" Izzy says.

"Don't worry mija I just linked Domingo, he thinks you would like them caramelized!" WHAT?!

"Bayo my block is taking hold but I'm still in between moods, give me a break! Here want some tea? A few Tunu drops will help you chill out!" Chill out?

"Izzy you just invited another pack of refugees, what are you thinking?" Making my job impossible, that's what!

"Well I was thinking that Sumayah would like her mourning sister be able to not have to deliver her baby in a fucking cave! I was also thinking that since they are leaderless and in hiding it would be the right thing to do since Sumayah has helped me. Also Alhilal Almuqadas only has about 150 members left and I would be a shame if the bloodline of their particular breed were to go extinct! Should I go on dear brother?" And Isla takes a sip of her tea while raising her eyebrows.

"And how do you propose to get them here safely? They're in a war zone." Although I can imagine her plan.

"Oh Bayo, I'm not used to hearing dumb questions from you! Their numbers are tiny, you know how, so quit bitching about it and get to it!" Bitching am I?!

"Izzy, Avalon is helping us and preparing the all the evidence for the war declaration! And---" Damn knock on the door!

"Can you get that for us dear?" Isla asks...Ugh! She KNOWS I won't say no to her!

I go to the door and get the tray, it DOES smell good! And I place it on the balcony table and they go at it, are they even paying attention?!

"Damn these ARE good, Mamá can you thank Domingo, I don't want to open my link yet, still a mishmash in there." She says taking another slice.

"With pleasure mija I am so glad that you got your appetite back! Eating for three will be a challenge!" Ugh! How does she know? Who am I kidding, this woman is the most connected person in this pack!

"Bayo stop stressing will you, I already knew, I'm sure Moira explained how we are trained. I KNOW my body, do you think I wouldn't notice two heartbeats besides my own? And Mamá knows everything. Here taste this!" I sit on the chair to her left and take one while Isla serves me tea and puts two Tunu drops, enough to calm me but not drowsy me out for the day.

"Izzy they found the Priestess who lost her Mark that day..." She almost chokes on the slice of peach.

"Who was it?" She takes some tea to wash it down.

"Mortiana." Another granddaughter of Morgaine Le Fay.

"Oh wow, how's Morgana taking that?!" Sigh.

"Not well, she is mortified, stressed, devastated... She cried and cursed for a whole day!" My poor prego Brooklyn witch...

"Well she shouldn't, she comes from a complicated bloodline. Just because we have an idiot cousin should not reflect on us." Good point.

"So what's the next move?" She asks taking another slice.

"We want to present the declaration before you start showing your bump." So ASAP.

"When am I due?" Oh boy.

"Well according to the records for Alpha Kiskeya AND Alpha Ayiti, yes we found those as well, in about four months." And immediately she shakes her head.

"Yeah, no not happening, not like that!" She responds.

"And what do you suggest oh mighty Alpha?" I have been on them to speed it up.

"I am due in January and my hormones are all over the place! So AFTER I give birth and my head is sound and I have had a little time to recover and enjoy my babies, so February sounds good. My mind will be in tip top shape to cream them, I am not walking in there with my babies inside me and me not fully in control to defend myself, so do a do over on your plans and get a portal to bring Alhilal Almuqadas. Name Phoebe my official Truth Seer, she is the most powerful Truth Seer I've met plus she's a reader. I want to appoint her and Orwell to my council, so tell Nina to get whomever did my rooms and Isla's to work on apartments for them here at The Fort." Yeah those pregnancy hormones are wreaking havock on her brain.

"You want to bring a VAMPIRE into The Fort?!" And she sighed aggravated.

"Yup! They BOTH have roles to play, stop with the questions and trust my judgement. Brother I KNOW you have a lot going on and that everyone is pushing you especially me, but I trust your judgement, I trust Dad's teaching in you and I trust you can take it and more. You are one cocky motherfucker, but inside I know you have always doubted yourself putting out this joker front... Well, you are no joker anymore, you are the Bata of The Osupa. Now is there anything else you want? I have plans for dinner with Isla and Sumayah to celebrate that the rest of our pack will be here soon, Oceani Luna, Lune Primière and now Alhilal Almuqadas are coming, as well as me not being an emotionless robot, tomorrow I have plans to check up on Maco and Amelia." Dinner plans?! And Isla gives me 'The Look' of 'Do your duty and fuck off.'

"Where do you want the vampire's rooms to be?" And she rolls her eyes at me.

"His name is Orwell, so start by treating him with respect, and you can ASK where he and the others feel more comfortable, SIMPLE!" Right, Phoebe has a mate.

"Also, about that, Braka thinks you should have a personal guard and thinks that with training Freya, Helena and Jacob could be good candidates. Jacob hasn't stopped surfing since he learned and it's getting on Phoebe's nerves" She raises her eyebrows. and gives a confused look.

"Is that really necessary?" I can tell she hates the idea, but Isla steps in.

"Mija this is a very good idea, your father and Braka proposed this to Guario, but he dismissed it. Anytime there was a threat to me, Yadiel or the family in general he would loose focus. So I agree with this plan, it should be structured to protect you and those who others can use to make you vulnerable and loose focus on your task." Thank you Isla!

"So what do you think? Izzy we ARE going to declare war..." I ask hopeful, this would include protection to my own family and help ME focus.

She takes a deep breath and the way her eyes are moving I can tell she is going through every scenario.

"Fine... We'll put it on trial. Anything else?"

"No ma'am, I'll contact Moira to tell her of the changes in the plan and the portal for Alhilal Almuqadas and get Phoebe to check everything's good with them. And yes the vamp-- Orwell too!" She just added on so much crap and my brain is exhausted. I'll need to go to Tatiana, or even Sandro latter.

"Thank you big brother, I have every faith that everything will turn out fine!" Whatever.

"I'll leave you ladies to enjoy the afternoon and dinner after, I have a boatload of work to do!" I say gritting my teeth.

"You're doing your father proud Mijo!" Isla really had to push it in...
###chapter 70: Alhilal Almuqadas
Loiza's POV:

I heard Moira was pissed at my decision to bring Alhilal Almuqadas with so much haste, I really don't give a damn for her moods anymore. But after what could be called a tantrum, and for Moira that can just be a scowl, she sent two Priestesses and with Ayana was enough to bring them over in less than an hour the next day of my order.

Sumayah knew the exact location and she had to assure them that they would be safe. Their Alpha and Beta, were dead and Sumayah's brother Yahir who is a Gamma, was the only leader they had. Good thing is he trusts his sister and their conditions were dire. The pack was made of mostly women and pups and just a few Warriors.

Phoebe verified that none were Council spies or assassins, and it was all clear.

Bayoán, Braka and Yaya insisted that I receive them in the throne room! Don't get me wrong, the Court is a beautiful structure and the Dujo is just a simple wooden bench not really a majestic throne, but it's sturdy and a symbol of the Cacique's of old with a wolf head looking out of each side. It's older than The Fort! It was the only piece of furniture from before we were Osupa and was the throne of the great Cacique Warrior Agueybaná. So I complied with the pomp and circumstance of it all.

They also insisted on them swearing fealty and accepting that I was their Alpha and taking the Oath to be Osupa, the same conditions that the other packs had to comply to for coming here. But I had a condition as well. To make a gesture of good faith I wanted Sumayah to be the Guardian of the Eastern Cardinal Temple so they would feel at ease that one of their own held a position of power, also I REALLY wanted a Prime Priestesses in Karaya and I trusted Sumayah.

After talking with his sister, Yahir accepted the terms and were ported in right by The Fort as to bring them immediately to the throne room so that I could receive them. Master Ximena had an elegant emerald green one shoulder dress made in hours with beautiful draping. She added a gold arm band for my right arm and bangle bracelets for the left, large gold tear earrings and placed the Guanín around my neck.

She called on Master Isaura to style my hair hair in what we call the Queens Braid, it's nearly impossible to do but Master Isaura has dedicated her life to learning the arts of hair and beauty and a braid that would take several apprentices hours to make, she had it ready in 45 minutes. Isla loved the look so much she insisted to Bayoán to bring them both and give them apartments in The Fort as exclusive Masters to tend to my look. I admit, I looked damn good, but these wolves have been in caves for more than a year! Yet Isla reminded me that as Alpha I was the representation of our people and if I was to be their Alpha too, it was important that they feel secure in my power especially since I am a woman.

The Dujo is uncomfortable as hell but I sat patiently and as dignified as the bench allowed. And finally they were brought in and by the Goddess they looked like they have been in the darkest parts of Hades! I made sure to keep my face serene, but it's not a pretty sight, especially the pups... Some looked like they haven't eaten in days.

Sumayah climbed up to the first platform up the stairs to the throne with her brother... Damn he is a cutie! He looks as tall as Ura and Maco, copper skin, black hair, and the same turquoise eyes as his sister... 'You have a MATE stupid!' Aryn had to chime in! 'I KNOW I have a mate, it's kinda hard to forget when I hear three pounding heartbeats 24/7! It doesn't mean I can't appreciate something nice when I see it! Now go back to giving me the silent treatment.'

"Alpha I present to you my brother Yahir Ahmad." He took a knee.

"Alpha, we have heard rumors of your power and favor with the Holy Goddess, we are grateful and honoured for your invitation for sanctuary and for the trust you have placed upon my sister to be Guardian of a sacred Temple. As Gamma and representative of Alhilal Almuqadas I accept your terms. You shall be our Alpha and we are ready to take your Oath to be Osupa, Blessed Be." And the rest of them choir in..."Blessed Be!"

I stand "Blessed Be indeed! Your people shall be Osupa by the Grace of the Goddess and her infinite compassion, your great bloodline shall live on. Karaya is now your home and not mere sanctuary, you will be instructed in our ways and shown the secrets of our people and how we have achieved our power. Your people are of course free to continue your traditions and we hope to learn from you as well and with time we may take that which makes both our people strong and adapt to reach greatness."

A large bronze chalice is brought forward already with wine and a dagger. I cut open my left wrist so that my blood flows freely into it until it stops and the cut heals. I pass it to Yaya and she passes it to Sumayah and one by one they all drink and say the words and instantly I feel them added to the link of our Pack like with the Blue Moon refugees and the Blood Moon escapees.

"Now that this is done with, we have a feast waiting for you all to celebrate the new Osupa members and for you receive immediate medical care. Also our Master architects and engineers have built new buildings in our Capital so that you can reside until you all are stronger and decide if you wish to stay in the Capital or move to anywhere on the island that you feel comfortable, you are all free to decide your destiny, that is a core right every Osupa has, but there's also responsibilities that come with that and there are laws to follow. It is my wish you thrive with us together as new brothers and sisters. Blessed Be!" And they repeat... "Blessed Be!" I go down the steps linking Yahir to stand to forearm shake to officially unite our people.

He gives me a warm smile and I reciprocate and I can't stop smiling, he has such a peaceful aura about him and I REALLY hope he's not a reader like his sister!

"Welcome to Karaya Island, your new home."

"We are happy to be home my Alpha" And it takes me a minute to notice we are still holding on to each other's forearm and slowly let go.

"Lady Sumayah lead them to were everything is waiting for their welcome." And she curtsies to me... "As you command My Alpha! Taeal aljamie!" And she leads them to the open grounds by the entrance of The Fort.

My heart is pounding and I go and sit down on one of the benches for supplicants. This is the first time I do this so formally and in such an important place for our people and they were just a small group. Those of Blue Moon and Blood Moon were sworn in by Moira. I will have to this when the French and Sardinians arrive and their numbers are in the thousands! Braka comes to me, putting one of his massive hands on my shoulder... "You did excellent Cacique, you have done our people proud!" I give him a weak smile and he leaves, he is to see who are Warriors of the new Osupa members to determine when they can be tested.

My emotions are still adapting to the Block and I still have to go out to meet them one by one.

"C'mon Izzy! You must greet them now." Yaya instructs but Isla tells her that we will join them soon. She takes me to the kitchens to get some water and puts four drops of Tunu to calm my nerves. "You did wonderful mija! Take your time to settle your nerves, you have a lot going on in your body right now, but it shall pass and you will become more sure of yourself little by little, don't be so hard on yourself mi amor, ok?" She takes my trembling hands in hers. I can't even look into her eyes, I feel like if I do I'll cry, stupid hormones! I hate not being able to control myself! But the Tunu is taking effect and am calm enough to look at her. And she gives me a warm smile that always fill my heart.

"I'm ready" And she takes my hand like when I was little and we go were the people are... MY PEOPLE. They seem to be enjoying the open space and the food. Tents were put in place for check ups and mental therapy, an OBGYN was put in place to verify the pregnant females, crates with new clothes were put in place so everyone can pick and choose what they desired, the pups were choosing toys and already some have started playing fútbol with local children and I enjoyed the laughter... Children being children and my hand goes to my own belly.

"Gúarionex would never have allowed this." Isla says sounding somber.

"Do you think it's a mistake?" She shakes her head. "Iza look with your own eyes! Does it look like a mistake? Guario wanted to keep us in isolation yet we were still attacked. You are reforming not just our pack, but creating a new way of life for all who seek a different path that the one they have been given, you are making us stronger!" I take her words in, they help me with any doubts I may have, I will follow the intuition gifted by the Goddess.

"She's right you know!" And both Isla and I jump at the sudden appearance of Orwell. "By the Goddess Orwell! Don't do that! I almost spit out my heart!" And he gives a chuckle.

"That's physically impossible my Queen... But The Luna is correct, in all my years roaming I have never seen what you are building here, I have already heard word from others of my kind who are willing to take your Oath and hail you as Queen." My forehead Mark gives me a soothing feeling. And I touch it, it gives me a stronger calm than my Avalon one yet this one I don't know how to control.

"Are we talking Clans or individuals?" He smirks.

"The Clans are to proud and arrogant to submit to a Wolf, but those who roam learn that wisdom lies with all creatures, even humans. Some are weary from traveling for so long and word is spreading in the Supernatural world of your rule, some will come with both good and evil intentions... As your new Council member I have already spoken with Phoebe and we will make sure to weed out any who's intentions are to destroy this paradise, it's our home as well and I pledged my Oath to you, I am Osupa, I will protect you and Karaya with my life if need be." I think on his words still looking at the children play.

"Contact those who wish to come, I will meet them but have Phoebe check them first, understood?" And he bows.

"As you command my Queen." And he disappears just as swiftly as he appeared.

"Well 'my Queen' it seems your admirers increase by the day mija!" Wait what?

"What do you mean?" I keep enjoying the children play.

'Don't play dumb with me Loiza! Yaya who's a Truth Seer couldn't see, but I did... That handsome Gamma was struck by you and your smile was... Special. You fancy him.' She says through the link, I have only opened it up to her. I keep my eyes on the children making sure my stupid face doesn't betray me.

"I was nervous and excited, my block is still adapting and my hormones are turning my mind to upside down, your just putting a tele novela where there's none." She laughs.

And I feel someone looking at me... I look around and find Yahir's eyes and he bows his head with a smile, and my heart starts to accelerate. I have my mate Mark on display, surely he wouldn't be tempted by a Marked woman. Get a grip Loiza! I smile at him and return my gaze to the children, I can't wait for this day to end and be alone in my room.
###chapter 71: The First Step
Aymaco's POV:

I got a link from Ana at Atabey General at night telling me to get there at once. Since our return my life has consisted of my work and going to check on Amelia. Mero has been trying to reach out to her wolf but she doesn't even give her name. She has become very protective of Amelia, I try to keep as much serenity as possible to assure her that she is safe. Yet I spend hours in my lab perfecting the thermal suits for the Priestesses... If we are to declare war I want them to be as protected as possible.

I head over and Izz is there with her arm over Suania... Nia has been a great support these days and it looks like Iza's Block has almost fully taken hold. The moment she sees me she wraps her arms around my chest and I hug her back. I haven't seen her since Blood Moon and notice that her scent is different, I look at her neck... So it's true, and I hug her again. This is so unfair.

"Maco, Amelia has awakened." She says and I gulp hard. I feel a rush of fear.

"Where is she?" She's not in the room.

"She's with Sandro, but she's unresponsive, Sandro and Ana want to see how she reacts to you." I have been waiting for this for so long.

"Let's go! Where is she?" And Nia grabs my hand and leads the way. I notice Iza is in very elegant attire. "What's with the get up?" She rolls her eyes.

"Had to receive new members, had to dress up, not important, focus on Amelia brother..." So that was the spike in numbers in the Link.

We reach one of the mental ward halls and I get her scent. When we open the door Sandro and Ana are trying to get my beautiful mate to speak but her eyes are blank and I can tell she caught my scent and her eyes change direction towards me. There's a chair in front of her and I go slowly to it not breaking eye contact with her beautiful mismatched eyes and sit. She keeps her eyes on me and mine on hers, we are silent for a while, I am trying to reach out to her through the Bond. I see that she side glances the doctors and looks at Nia and Izzy. Too many people...

"Guys do you mind leaving us alone?" Too much people.

"Let's go everyone, let's leave the Bond do it's work." Ana tells everyone and they all leave.

"Hello Amelia, my name's--"

"Aymaco?" By the Goddess she spoke!

"Yes love, or you can call me Maco if you want, or anything you want really, I don't mind." Your babbling stupid!

"Aren't you going to reject me?" Is that what she thinks.

"No, never! I have been searching for you for a long time. How could I reject you?" I feel her fear, her shame.

"I'm no good, I am damaged..." I try to control my anger, I have an idea of what's she's been through.

"Well I guess it's good I'm an engineer!" I give her a smile.

"Engineer?" She asks.

"Yes love, I fix things for a living, I fix things and build things everyday." She is still looking into my eyes.

"I'm not a machine." I smile at her again.

"No love, your not, it was a silly joke... Are you going to reject me? I think I will break like you if you do." And I start feeling my eyes glaze, I don't think I could bear it.

"You're afraid I will reject you?" I feel I'm getting a headache just thinking it.

"Very much darling, I don't know exactly what you've been through, just an idea, but I can bear it with you, you will receive all the care and therapy you need, I can bear anything you want me to know and understand, anything at all... But your rejection... I don't think I could bear that. We will be two broken wolves."

"Maco, is Maco ok right?" She asks.

"Darling you can call me dummy if you want and I would love you, just please don't call me dummy in front of my siblings, they'll never let it go." She give a little smile.

"Maco, why would you want something like me? You are... And I am..." I try to search through the Bond.

"You are not a THING. You think what? That I am better than you? You're an Omega! Jacob told us you were a doctor at... That place. Omegas are the best healers! Sandro? The mental therapist that was just here is the best in the island and is a professor at the University!" She looks confused, shit, she doesn't know where she is! You idiot!

"Island? University?" I tell her everything that's happened since we found her and the others. I tell her of us, our way of life and what we happened to us. I tell her that Theo is dead and getting worse than she in Hades's torture chamber. I just tell her everything. She is processing all the information.

"Was it too much Love? I'm sorry, you just woke up and here I am bombarding you with loads of information... I babble when I'm nervous." And she lets out a little giggle making me smile.

"Is Marius alive?" I would love to kill him myself!

"I don't know Love, my sister ordered that the pack be destroyed but no one could be killed, the Goddess doesn't want them in her realm, Avalon will eventually send an executioner to send them to Hades. But he can't get to you you. You're my mate which makes you a citizen of Karaya and sister to the Alpha, no one will hurt you I swear it." She lowers her head.

"Maco, you have been patient with me but what they did... What they made me---"

"You're Amelia, a skilled Omega healer, mate to me if you'll have me, what they did is on them, they are the monsters. You're beautiful and from what others from your pack that were in the same situation, you're kind and the best doctor they had." She puts her hands to her face and cries, and I go to my knees in front of her putting my hands on the chair to not touch her I feel her fear of touch through the Bond.

"Please don't cry love, unless it makes you feel better, sometimes we all need a good cry." And she lifts her face, and looks into my eyes. I hand her a box of tissues, she takes a few.

"Maco, they did it at once... Many... So many I don't even know how many." They fucking gang raped her! I take a very deep breath, to not scare her.

"I had a feeling it was something like that." I say looking down to I don't want her to see Mero.

"And you still want me?" Damn it! I will beg Moira to let me kill them!

"Like I said Love I want you and no matter what horror story you tell me will change that, do you understand? You're my mate I can't live without you, I haven't even touched you because I feel what you fear through the Bond, I will wait forever if that's what it takes, but don't think you can get rid of me because of something that was done to you by animals who will pay dearly for what they did. My fear is that you won't allow me to share your pain and give a chance to help you heal." And something I couldn't imagine would happen, she throws her arms around my neck and I can't help but wrap my arms around her waist, sending as much love and comfort through the Bond that I can.

"I accept you as my mate Maco." She whispers in my ear and every hair on my body stands straight. "And I accepted you the moment I found you. Tell me anything you need to feel better and I will grant it."

"I will accept the therapy and any treatment, but can we just go somewhere were we can be alone? I can only handle one person right now." Our old house was cleared up and I link Nina to confirm.

N: 'She's awake?! Congratulations brother! Yes the house is cleared and empty, there is leakage in Ura's old room and the main bathroom needs repairs, but Mami and Dad's room is ready to move in. If she needs space then she will have it, as long as she has accepted you have jumped the first hurdle! I will tell the others so they don't bug you, ok?'

A: 'Thank you Nina, thank you.'

N: 'No sweat, baby steps big brother, she'll pull thought! You are the most patient person I know, if anyone can handle this, it's definitely you!'

"Amelia, we can go now if you want, I'll talk with Ana for your dismissal but I know she will want to check up on you, you're her patient, ok?" She nods her head.

"I understand, I'm a doctor too. I just can't be in a hospital right now, that's where I was taken from, I need to be away from the scent, although I am getting many different scents of medicine I have no knowledge of." I link Ana to come over.

"I understand Love, maybe in time you might want to come and learn more but now allow me to help heal you." She nods as Ana knocks on the door and comes in.

"Well Amelia I hear you want to break out from this joint! I don't blame you... Physically you are like a brand new penny! I will dismiss you, but as a doctor yourself you know that I will be checking up on you and if Sandro makes you uncomfortable we can send a female therapist. But know that we want to help you heal your mind too, ok hun?" She nods.

"I understand... Thank you for your care Ana, you are a wonderful doctor." Ana gives her a smile.

"I hear you are a wonderful doctor as well, when you are better and ready we always have use for good doctors." Ana gives her a wink.

"I will keep that in mind Ana, thank you." She says with a little hope.

"Let's go home Love, I hope you like the ocean." I take her hand and she allows it and so our fingers are interwoven, and she allows it.

"Love my wolf Mero tried to contact yours, can we have her name?" And she rolls her eyes.

"I'm sorry, Nelly became a little feral after what happened, she has been focused on healing me." She answered.

"Well tell her Mero and I are grateful for her protecting you and that we hope to earn her trust as much as yours."

It's the first step of what I hope are many more.
###chapter 72: Tía Ayiti
Loiza POV:

We finally got the news that the boats are here, but going to Uguaca Bay was unnecessary since the docks at Itiba were cleared completely. Still the construction on the Northeast shore was moving at a rapid pace, having a combination of strong warewolves, powerful Priestesses, other beings that have access to magic and our now up and running technology will achieve that. In fact there's barely any indication that we were attached at all thanks to the speed Avalon is working, Moira sent out more Priestesses since the war declaration date had been moved to February.

I had ordered that the new Osupa members be able to learn to enjoy life and heal before they were initiated into what their designations were going to be. The escapees from Blood Moon however were ready to go since they had neither been enslaved or ravished by war and since most were Omegas and Chis they started to be trained at the hospital to see what skills they had. Yet many brought their mates who were Warriors and of other varying ranks. Braka assigned Bruno with the training of the Warriors and because of the medical care and varying physical therapy they were receiving, they were very enthusiastic about the more strenuous and change of pace training making them stronger and even learned how to shift faster when they discovered how to make their bones nimble for the shift making them not feel discomfort, let alone pain.

Now that Ximena and Isaura were in charge of my daily look I have to admit I was looking damn good! Isla was right, yet there were days like today that all that formal attire was not necessary. Today was our people returning after weeks at sea, I could feel both the excitement and sorrow for those returning and those lost. So I just jumped in a pair of jeans and a black tank top with simple leather sandals, Isaura insisted I wear the Queens Braid and Ximena said I will wear The Guanín: "They know you Alpha but they have not seen you in a while, they know you as a Priestess not as an Alpha." Isaura said while braiding my hair.

We were all at the docks waiting to receive them with everything ready for anything they might need.

The now Admiral Casimar was the first to come down looking as dashing as ever and Cleo and their mother couldn't help but run to him and his brothers. I could tell Braka was excited and proud to see him but he kept his composure and greeted him formally, presenting Helena to them. Yet nothing could prepare us for Tia Ayiti coming down one of the platforms! She was among the missing and thought to be among the dead that were being found daily and identified through DNA analisis since most were charred bones.

Nina, Ura, Nia and I go running to her, Nia being the fastest and lightest on her feet, Epsilon through and through got to her first.

"TÍA! We thought you were dead!" Ura picks her up in a bone crushing hug. And she hugs them.

"Tía, where on Earth were you?! We had lost hope." I hug her and take I her scent so close to that of father's. Nina just shoved me out of the way so she could get her turn.

"Well if I would have known that I would get such a welcome I would have swam back! And she looks at me and takes my shoulders in her hands: "I am so proud of you mija, and I am sure your parents are too, when Casimar found me he told me all about what you have done. With all that work you have put in you were meant for great things." I just hug her, I don't want to talk about me anymore, and I notice she's not looking as strong as usual. She actually looks like shit!

"Tía where have you been?! The suspense is killing us!" She laughs.

"I don't think you'd believe me if I told you!" And she laughs again. We look at each other.

"Tía we would believe anything from you!" Suania chimed in.

"Well let's leave the people to keep enjoying the reunions and since my own kids are on their way I get to have you guys to tell an actually boring tale and I am very hungry with cravings only Domingo and Berto can satisfy!" And she stopped me in my tracks.

"Izzy? Your scent mija!" And she sees my mate Mark, damn here we go again.

"Tía I don't want to talk about it, please leave it be." She was the one who explained to me how to gather Intel this way, as previous Director of OPIA, she knew every trick in the book... Hell! She wrote the prime book used today for espionage training at OPIA!

She looks into my eyes for what seems like forever, gives me a strong hug and drops the subject yet puts her hand to my stomach and gives me the look that she knows, but says nothing. She puts her arm over my shoulder and grabs Nia's hand and we head to The Fort. After her tenure at OPIA she served as council member to Alpha Gúarionex so she was going home too.

We head to the kitchens and sit in the dinning area there, as Domingo is already putting plates for us with our hearts desire.

"Sorry Alpha but like I said I am hungry and I linked Domingo before getting off the boat to tell him exactly what I wanted." Of course she did! And as Domingo and his apprentices filled the plates with white rice, chicken fricassee, dishes of sliced avocado and fried sweet plantains with glasses of passion fruit juice, he and Alberto sat with us.

"Honey don't think for a second that we are going to miss out on this story! I have a feeling that we are in for some Jack Sparrow bullshit!" I nearly choked on some rice I had just put in my mouth and Ura straight up spat out some juice! Alberto and Tía were really good friends and they were used to messing with each other.

"I wish I could bullshit my way out of crap like Captain Jack Sparrow I would have been here before you guys, so shut it Berto!" We just looked from one to another like a ping pong match. It reminded me of her and Dad...

"Oh my Goddess! I want to know what happened to my Tía can you guys quit it!" Nia has never been one for banter.

"Ok so picture it! Mt. Cemí blows and I was helping in the airport with the evacuees, I link your father to check up on their stats, but he says to jump in one of the planes and go, as if I was going to receive orders from him! I try to find them and see what I can do and shift to run to them but their scent is so hard to detect because of all of the smoke, but I have an idea where they are so I keep running. Unfortunately the lava was surrounding that area and I had to turn back. I try to link him again, but I felt he was gone..." Domingo brings a jar of sangria and glasses for everyone but me.

"No way young lady, you carry our future! And he puts two drops of Tunu in my juice. Sigh. Tía takes a sip and continues...

"...So by this time the last plane had left and when I reach the docks there were no more boats, and the lava is creeping my way. I calculated the swim from here to Cayo Moboyas and decide to go for it. Trust me, they didn't name that key after the god of death for nothing! It's mostly beautiful mangroves, and I can see why some go there for day trips on boats, but swimming to it in the Juracán canal is another thing entirely. There's nothing to hunt, fishing was ok but it's near impossible to cook so I would eat in my wolf form, also there's no fresh water. I had shifted so I was naked with no fabric to collect rainwater, so I just used varying survival skills using the mangroves leaves to collect the rainwater. Just yesterday I felt the link and it was the boats! I thought I was going crazy but here I am! End of story. So anything new besides what they told me in the boat?" And she savors her food, no wonder she looks so haggard!

Berto hugs her, "Well I'm glad you're such a tough bitch, otherwise we would be counting you with the dead."

"I know that would have broken your heart old friend, now if you all excuse me I want a long hot bath and sleep like if I WAS dead!" I walk with her. "Tía, I would like to ask you something." She stops and faces me.

"Yes mija, you count with my support, I will serve in your council just like I did for Gúarionex, have Gloria send me a full report on everything and remind her to make it to MY specifications, I hate how she organizes her reports. Send Daniella over please, I want a full check up, and tell Bayoán I want a report on the articles of war being drawn up, I want to see what they want to throw at The Council, I will make sure you go into the lion's den prepared. When are you due?" She asks.

"January, they are taking into account the pregnancies of Alpha Kiskeya and your namesake, Alpha Ayiti." She thinks.

"Ok, we have time, February sounds good." Thank you!

"They wanted me to go in BEFORE I started showing! But I moved it to February." She rolls her eyes.

"That's because they are dumb mija, let me guess? That was Bayoán's, Gloria's and I sense Moira drawing up those plans? Those who have NEVER been pregnant! Don't worry cielo, I'm here. Over my dead body will I allow such stupidity!" Thank the Goddess! I am saved!

"Now don't worry and focus on your duty and let me handle them, this will be done right or not at all! Make sure my office is ready, I start tomorrow at sorting out this mess and giving Bayo some help, I feel great stress from his link. We'll talk more tomorrow mija, please don't strain yourself Izzy, Domingo is right, you carry our future and we need you stronger than ever. I will also tell Daniella I want weekly reports on your pregnancy and I'll have Berto prepare a special diet, those pups are going to be strong, I feel it." She kisses my forehead and noticing the new Mark but says nothing. Even my father would always go to her for advice and back her objections.

"Go rest Tía, I will link your orders to everyone." She stops me... "You know what Alpha, scratch that... I will link the orders MYSELF, I want them all to know I'm back, I haven't had fun in a while and this is going to be splendid!" And she goes to rest leaving me to not have to worry about a thing.
###chapter 73: To Hope
Loiza's POV:

"Sumayah, I feel like myself again, go ahead and be with your family before you take your duties at the Eastern Temple I have already had it cleaned and updated and it has the most beautiful sun rises on the island." She has stayed ever vigilant of my progress, but besides my regular pregnancy hormones I feel fine.

"Thank you Alpha, if you allow, my family would like to honor you with a traditional dinner of our people, my sister and her sister in law are gifted Kappas. Please allow us to thank you." The last time I had Middle Eastern food prepared by Kappas was in a short time I spent in Karachi a few years ago. 'Izzy this is a bad idea!' Ugh! 'I'm just going for the food! Leave me alone Aryn, just like you were not in the mood to talk with me before I am not in the mood for you!' 'You will hurt him!' 'I don't care, now leave me alone!'

"I would would be honored Sumayah, at what time?" Yum!

"If you wish we could leave now! Tomorrow the Warriors begin with the new training and they have been watching those who were of Blood Moon and have questions, so my brothers wish to ask them if that's ok?" I hold the smile that wants to creep out.

"Sure! I'll link for a car, let's go. I am so hungry all the time now and I could go for pilaf right now!" I link for Jacob to come to the front with a car and we go. We meet up with Suania who was on the way to the kitchens.

"Where are you guys going?" She looks like she had a beach day and just showered.

"Dinner with Sumayah's family." Don't you dare!

"Oh I want to come! I haven't met anyone from Suma's family I was helping Maco with Amelia, remember?" Damn it! And she says it tapping her foot, arms crossed and one eyebrow raised. In Nia speech this means 'You owe me!' She ALWAYS does this! And she's damn good at it!

"Fine, let's go." I do owe her, I was a robot while Maco was hurting and she stepped up.

Jacob comes around with the car, his particular training will start soon since Braka wants to see to it himself but he has been very busy. But him taking this task is good for Hernán to mourn his sister.

"Last time we had a good Middle Eastern meal was that time in Karachi, remember Izzy?" Oh Goddess how could I forget it was with her I was there with! Ura and I wanted to kill her and hide the body!

"I remembered the food I had just totally forgotten it was you in the assignment with us." And she laughs.

"Damn Izzy, just little over a week prego and you are in the fog!" Fog?

"What fog are you talking about?" And she laughs even harder. What the hell is wrong with her? Yet I notice Sumayah looking out the window smiling and clearly knows something.

"Can someone tell me what's going on?!" Ok, what freaking fog?!

"She means pregnancy fog Loiza, in many cases when a woman is pregnant she starts forgetting or getting confused by little things that they usually wouldn't, it's totally fine Samira is about a month till she's due and has had it the entire pregnancy, she also has become quite clumsy. Don't stress, it shall pass." Yet I'm stressing!

"I can't get dumb and clumsy, why didn't anyone tell me this!" And I'm just about to kick Nia who thinks it's hysterical.

"Nia will you STOP?! It's not funny! I had a bad enough time when it was just the Block, now I have a FOG?" She calms down.

"Izzy it's fine! When I was in the hospital helping with Amelia I went to maternity and I learned a lot to help you with my nephews, and here I thought it would be Bayoán's baby I would help with first, then Ura spits his news, but it looks like you're going to be the one who I start with!" Awe she was getting info for helping-- wait!

"Suania what about Ura?!" And she just laughs again.

"Wow Izzy, you REALLY were out of it! Frey is Prego too! It's like we're going to have a baby boom! Why do you think Isla has been knitting and embroidering up like a mad woman?" Where in Hades is my head?! Isla didn't tell me.

"Loiza, calm down. Everyone knows you have been not all there, relax." Sumayah says serenely. "I must say Loiza, when you said we would be in buildings, we never expected skyscrapers, this is indeed a wonderful city and I can see why The Council wants this so much." I see you changing the subject! But I let it go... Hormones and now a damn fog!

"We are here ladies! Have a nice time!" Where is he going?

"Don't you want to come?" And he shakes his head.

"Nope, I'm going to check out some boards at a shop down town. I am starting training with General Braka soon and won't be able to catch as many waves then." Might as well, Braka is going to break him!

"Oh, you guys are at The Nautilus!" This building is a marvel, Nina can explain it better, it's basically what the name says, it's in the shape of a Nautilus shell, swirling up to the sky. Since every level to the top gets smaller, the balconies are large enough to hold beautiful gardens that sometimes spill to the lower levels. Most buildings in Itiba City are designed to resemble shells using the golden ratio. And Nina wants to continue the trend in the other city being built but is incorporating many other techniques and inspirations so it looks cohesive and has gathered an army of architects and engineers to achieve it.

They're on the 11th floor and you can see all the way to The Fort from here! The moment Sumayah opens the door Suania starts hyperventilating!

"What's wrong with you?" And then I can see Yoni's golden eyes! Well shit!

And a younger version of Yahir appears with turquoise eyes turning black and I can't help but look at Sumayah.

"Well I guess we are officially family now!" And Nia just runs to his arms and they start making out.

"Wow, no introductions or anything huh? Just laying it all out there! Dude seriously?!" Yahir comes forward and says.

"Well so much for your self control training Nia! Now I remember why we had to leave Karachi early, you freaking growled at a human!" I facepalm myself. And who I assume is Samira due to her advanced pregnancy patiently knocks on her brother's head.

"Nasser! The Alpha is here." And he raises a finger asking for another minute.

I go to Samira ignoring the pair completely. "Hello you must be Samira, don't mind my sister she was dropped many times as a baby, I suspect on purpose." I say kissing both her cheeks, which is custom in their region same as here. People around the world have so much hate yet have so much in common and my forehead Mark starts soothing me like last time at the tough. But then Yahir comes straight at me to greet me in the same fashion and I KNOW that this is not common practice between men and women where they come from, although it is here. But I can't resist and I can't help but smile, I REALLY hope I'm not blushing! Control Izzy, CONTROL! I give him a smile...

"I guess you are getting used to OUR customs pretty well." And he gives a little laugh.

"So far we have been enjoying your customs very much! The hospitality here reminds me of what home used to be." And I answer with a sad smile. Sumayah reading the room... "Come Alpha I also want you to meet Fatima." And a pretty girl who must be around 15 is in the kitchen cooking up a storm and Samira joins her.

"Alpha this is Fatima she was sister to my late mate who was Beta of our old pack." Samira says with much love. And I greet her as well.

"I guess the dummies in the living room need no introductions! Can I help with anything?" I hope they don't cuz--

"Don't let Izzy near a stove! As Alpha she has the ability of burning cereal!" Suania shouts from the other room and now I am SURE my face must be NEON pink hoping the earth would swallow me!

"I thought you were busy stupid! It's not like you can do any better!" Oh my Goddess what kind of impression will they have of us?!

"That's just your fog speaking Izzy!" I head out to kill her when Sumayah leads me outside to the beautiful garden balcony.

Yahir and Fatima are just laughing hysterically now and Samira gives them a LOOK. And they stop instantly, I already like her.

"So how far along are you Alpha?" Samira asks calmly. And I blush at that, too. I give a fucking involuntary look at Yahir and autocorrect instantly yet in that instant I notice he is still giving me a dashing smile. I am a pregnant, mated female Alpha for Goddesses sake! Aryn was right, this WAS a mistake! Fatima places a tray with tea I can scent it's Cardamom, and Yahir serves me a cup still smiling! Ugh get a grip Loiza!! And it's the best I have had! So I use it to change the subject.

"By the Goddess! Fatima did you make this?" And she give a cute smile and nods.

And I take another sip. "I think this is the best Cardamom I have had by far! You're truly gifted, do you want a job? We'll talk later, I think Karaya needs different cuisines and this would truly be a mayor hit! Suania get your tongue out of your mate and taste this!" She might be embarrassing but she is keeping me distracted.

She and Nasser come out holding hands and I can finally meet my new brother.

"Nice to finally meet you Nasser welcome to the family!" Wow, Nia is a lucky one he looks almost identical to his brother... Focus you idiot!

"Especially now that your tongue is outside my sister's throat!" And he and Nia both blush deep beet red... Better them than me. But our family never backs down and the clap back came to hit me.

"So Izzy, Samira asked you a question, don't be rude, it's unbecoming from an Alpha." And she gives me a devilish smile. Ugh! I breathe deep and exhale slowly. And look at Samira.

"I am due in January." And she looks shocked. "It's complicated." I respond.

But Nia grabs the chance to tell them EVERYTHING that happened! Every. Damn. Detail.

And I can't anymore! And I wish I had a pillow to scream into! And she goes for the upper cut.

"Oh and Izzy, Nasser is coming home with us, I am so happy to have found my mate and lookie what a cutie he is, I already linked EVERYONE to tell them the news!" She says with her sweetest smile.

"You know what?! It IS GOOD NEWS! Maybe he will temper that tongue of yours since he keeps it so occupied!" And this time Samira laughs and she is laughing hard! And Fatima and Sumayah sit next to her and put their hands on hers smiling and they give Yahir a look.

Ok, what just happened? And Yahir pours some more tea and a cup for everyone and himself. He stands and offers a toast.

"To Alpha Loiza and our new sister Suania! For their hospitality and for bringing Samira's laughter back from the dead! Bil-'áfya!"

And Nia nudges me with her elbow...

"Salud!" We say in unison. And drink.

"You two should go on tour!" Samira says wiping some tears.

"Shit, if you think that's funny, you see us all together, if you don't have a good clap back in our family we burn you as badly as Izzy burns boiling water! We will let things go only under certain conditions, you should see how Morgana adapted supper quick, but she's from Brooklyn so I guess she kinda had that down! Don't worry my adorable mate I won't let my siblings bully you!" And Nasser now clearly looks nervous.

Samira starts to get up with difficulty and Yahir helps her up, she and Fatima go to the kitchen and Sumayah goes to help out with what smells like it's ready to eat. Is that's how it's going to be for me? To have these babies without my mate until my own laughter dies too? Nia and Nasser go check out the view and I am left with Yahir. Who decides to sit closer.

"I had heard rumors of a the new powerful Alpha of the Osupa but from what your sister just recounted, it seems those rumors are an understatement! I saw a video yesterday of when the Holy Goddess crowned you. Again we had just heard rumors but to see it and hear the tale and finally meet you is another thing entirely. I didn't fear for Suma as she was protected in Avalon, but she holds no power to grant us sanctuary, yet I feared for Samira, we had one healer left but she was old and passed to the realm of the Goddess in the summer." He says in his deep voice, it actually sounds just like Kayden's.

"I am so sorry to hear what your people have endured, we were quite lost for a moment as well. We lost so many, we are making sure to identify every remains so we can to give closure to the families and to add them to the list for a memorial." I don't dare tell him that we are also listing the dead and missing one by one to add to the articles of war to be presented to The Council along with Mortiana's head which is in an dry ice in Avalon, there was no way Moira would allow for her to defy Selene even more by taking her own life.

"Your people were very lucky to have you. A Gamma Priestess of the Goddess who became an Alpha and did the ultimate sacrifice for her people. You truly are an exceptional woman Alpha, I hope one day your mate knows what a precious ruby you are." I look away from him but he takes my chin so I may look at him. "If not, I hope you find the happiness you deserve." I see the blue of Farabale Beach in his eyes. Damn fog! I am afraid that he might try to kiss me, but he stands up and offers his hand to lead me to the dinning room. I take it.

"Here's to hope and that we never loose it." I say lifting my tea cup and he clanks our cups. "To hope." He responds.
###chapter 74: Phoebe's Power
Suania's POV

As the youngest of 6 children it's always easy to be overlooked. I wasn't a Beta or a Priestess or a Master Engineer, but I was the fastest, the silent one who could by masking my scent knew the secrets no one usually cared to be vigilant of. I know of everything going around, I know Izzy visits The Catacombs as often as she can, I know she talks with someone there. I know Bayoán thought Izzy would be an easy Alpha to advise to and that Moira thought she could be controlled. I know that Ura and by default as his Twin Soul Freya miss Izzy. I know Nina's anger at Daddy and Bayoán comes from restrictions placed by them and Maco... He has always been the peace keeper but now is working on helping Amelia. We need him.

But the good thing about being overlooked is that I can appear and disappear at will. I never really cared about finding my mate, all I cared about was to live like I wanted. I was scared we would die when My. Cemí exploded and when Mami died I felt lost. She was my main mentor as Daddy was Maco's, Bayo's and Izzy's. And it was to her I told every secret I knew.

Yet when I found Nasser I was full of comfort that someone was REALLY looking at ME, that I had someone to whom to share my secrets with and not betray me. I just KNEW. I had heard that the Bond works different for everyone and the moment I saw him I knew what he needed and vise versa.

I brought him home that same night. Izzy didn't mind, but I could already hear Bayoán's shit through the Link, ever since he became Beta he was no fun at all! He had basically turned into Daddy, lucky for me Izzy told him to back off. We give each other smack but Izzy is a badass when it comes to protecting us, and since becoming the Ultimate Alpha I thought she would be a snotty bitch, but she seems lonely. And what she did for us is something our pack will never forget.

Some of my Kappa friends who work in music are writing a ton of songs about her power, about the first Cacique in over a century, but most of all they are writing songs about her sad love story. Izzy has been in a daze the past weeks so she doesn't know how much the pack is hurting for her. They know she has a Block, but before everything happened Izzy served as comfort to many who visited her Temple so she was known by basically all the pack and loved by everyone. For a time I was jealous of the attention she received, but her days where long and when I realized all the responsibility she had and felt sorry for her.

When she gave up her mate for us I was angry at the Goddess! If someone who had dedicated herself to Selene, who was able to pass every test our parents gave her, especially Daddy, someone who trained so hard with little to no bitching, it made me start hating Selene. Izzy never wanted power, even Mami and Isla would say she yearned for love. Yet it was power what Selene gave her. Ura is mad too... shit he's livid, it was no secret that Izzy was his favorite. And now that she granted my mate I was conflicted myself, it was so fast... I have no idea how Izzy kept taking in more stupid responsibilities and still control herself around her mate. Sure we are taught self control but damn if I care!

The moment we walked into The Fort Bayoán was waiting to interrogate Nasser, ugh!

"What do you think you're doing bringing in a stranger here?!" He was pissed.

But Izzy interjected with as much patience as she could: "Dude what is your problem? This is standard, Maco just took Amelia to our old house the moment she woke up, would you have had this attitude with her?! It's her MATE for Goddess sake and this is her home too!" His eyes were the golden color of Nicodemus.

"Nicodemus STAND DOWN NOW!" Izzy commanded with her bitchin Alpha voice.

"She's too young! Father would hav--" He started.

"If you haven't noticed BETA, father isn't here, get it into your fucking brain that he is DEAD and it's not YOUR place to bitch about anyone's mate! You did what you wanted with Moira and no one gave you shit! You found your mate and she was greeted with open arms. Get it in your head right NOW that you ARE NOT THE HEAD OF THIS FAMILY, I AM! Who the FUCK do YOU THINK YOU ARE! I AM ALPHA HERE! Have you lost your damn mind?! You want to be father? Would father EVER speak to Alpha Gúarionex like you do to me?! You're being a chauvinistic asshole! You AND father denied Nina to go abroad after she passed her tests but came with the excuse that she was a Kappa. You BOTH wanted to do the same to ME, but neither had a chance to give me that bullshit excuse because I CREAMED BOTH of you at the same time! You have become something other than the brother that used to make me laugh till I cried since becoming Beta. I placed you there because I trust your judgement, did I make a mistake? If I did tell me now and I will do what you wanted and find someone else! I am sick of this! I have given EVERYTHING to this pack! My childhood, my freedom even my happiness and it's still not enou---"

Holy shit, Izzy falls to her knees and can't stop crying and hyperventilating, there were already people out of their rooms and offices looking at the commotion.

Bayoán screams for Daniella and Tía Ayiti tells Morgana to take Bayoán away but he refuses and Ura and Braka push him back.

"What the fuck is wrong with you man?!" Ura shoves Bayo super pissed! Not again!

"Braka forget about him now, take the Alpha to her rooms!" Isla commands as Daniella goes to her taking her pulse.

Morgana is livid "We have talked about THIS what is wrong with you? Where the FUCK is my mate?!" And she slaps him right there. "Snap of it! She's pregnant and mate less! You were so afraid of her snapping, well congratulations, there it is! Find somewhere else to sleep tonight BETA!" And she goes to Izzy's room chanting something and I take Nasser's hand and follow Morgana.

Braka lays Izzy on her bed and Daniella goes to work. Isla is laying on the other side of the bed praying holding Izzy's left hand. Izzy is just crying uncontrollably and suddenly... CRACK! A thunderstorm starts and we hear the waves getting stronger.

"For fucks sake! Nia, link Ayana to port every Priestess on the island here NOW! I'll go to that asshole and tell him to summon Moira!" I do as Ura says and the wind picks up! And the fire pit lights up. Nina walks in and goes next to Isla to pray with her.

The Priestesses arrive just as water funnels are forming outside! BIG ones! Sumayah goes to the balcony to ease the ocean and Daniella makes room for Yaya, Ayana and Cressy. Izzy's Mark is giving this weird black shine that veins out of her Mark. The wind gets so strong that it blows out the fire!

"Her power is manifesting itself through the ocean! Water has always been her strongest element, SHE HAS TO CALM DOWN!" Sumayah yells. She's a PRIME Priestess and she's having trouble calming down the ocean but she was able to get rid of the funnels!

"Izzy, listen to my voice, focus your Mark, c'mon Loiza you have the power to shut this down." Yaya says calmly as Ayana and Cresta start chanting turning their Marks yellow. Yet the funnels start up again!

I am in Nasser's arms holding on for dear life and he is shushing me still his heartbeat steady, helping me calm down.

"It will be fine love, our Alpha is going through so much but she loves her people. She's just upset but she won't hurt us." He says it calmly yet loud enough so that everyone, including Izzy hears. I look at him like I just saw him anew! By the Goddess! He says exactly everything that needs to be said in the right tone! I AM Blessed! Someone to soothe my fears... I have so many.

Then Tía Ayiti comes in the room, I feel Bayo in the hallway.

"Fuck THIS!" Tía pushes through everyone and gets to Izzy and she takes Isla's thumb and makes her lick it! What is she doing? But Isla obeys and Tía takes Isla's thumb to Izzy's forehead Mark and it shines green and everything is still and Izzy passes out. "Keep it there!" And she goes to Bayoán and slaps him HARD.

"What the FUCK is wrong with you boy?! What happened to your training? Your father's teachings? MY TEACHINGS?!" And he looks lost.

Daniella goes to work again to check on Izzy and the babies. And suddenly Phoebe is in front of Bayo, her wings are fucking GLOWING and her eyes are white and puts her hands on Bayo's head...

"Deamon hinc abite! Et non est tibi. Cui placet impares formas quas eieci te ut Cerberum altera prandium!"

And he falls unconscious to the ground.

Morgana goes to him..."What happened? A demon?" Phoebe's eyes and wings go back to normal.

"I read something strange in him since Blood Moon, but couldn't pin point it till now. He had a daeva inside, nasty creatures that promote chaos and disorder." She says.

"He had it in him all this time?" Morgana asks

"Is this another attack from The Council?" Ura asks.

"I sensed something not right when I saw him but don't know how or when it came in, they take hold silently and can live in a host for years without being detected, I doubt very much that The Council did this..." She goes to Izzy and studies her forehead more closely. Moira finally showed up.

"Ayiti, it's very lucky that you have so much knowledge of the gods." And Phoebe passes her hand over the Mark with out touching it and it turns green again. "Selene is not the only Goddess watching over our Queen, The Great Mother is guiding her. I strongly recommend erecting shrines to Gaia. You say that water is The Alpha's main element, not fire?" She asks.

"She was always particular to water over her natural element of fire as a Gamma." Moira points out.

"And you never found that strange?" Phoebe asks. "Did you never think on investigating this anomaly?"

"She mastered all the tests with equal skill." Moira says with that fucking dead voice of her, trying to be all creepy and shit! Phoebe scoffs.

"Incompetent, I'll investigate myself! Don't fret Daniella she will be herself when she wakes, so will the Beta. There's something bigger looking for her but because of her Priestess Mark and then the one on her forehead they can't and won't be able to see her, and being at Blood Moon with so much negative energy... That's when I imagine it took the Beta. Morgana, go to Morgaine's book and search for daevas and verify if there's a particular symbol for protection against them. Everyone who is near the Alpha, even myself, must carry it at all times, I suggest getting it tattooed. Also where's the gold medallion she wears?" Nina goes to the closet and gets it and hands it to Phoebe. And she studies it. "Ayiti, who is the Goddess in the middle and these symbols?"

"In the middle is the Goddess Atabex and this symbol is the coquí frog, you know the one that sings at night? And this is the sun." The smaller symbols interlapse surrounding Atabex.

"And Atabex is Goddess of what?" Phoebe asks again.

And Tía Ayiti sits putting it together..."Of the Earth."

"So basically another representation of Gaia. I recommend that this medallion be tattooed on the Alpha's back." She says. She keeps looking at the Guanín "The sun... why do warewolves have the symbol for the sun on their symbol for royalty?" She says whispering to herself, but we can all hear clearly.

"Why on her back?" I ask.

"To watch it... The term 'Watch your back' has meaning among the fae. Usually if being persecuted we will tattoo enchantments on our back to watch it. The elves do this too. That's why The Lady Moira wears them on her head and arms and bet my wings she DOES have one on her back." We all look at Moira and she nods.

"Who could be looking for her?" Ura asks.

Phoebe goes to the balcony and looks at the now still sea... "No idea, but like I said, I will investigate." And she keeps looking at the sea. "The vanity of pure elves will be the demise of the species." And she gives Moira a daring glare and walks out.
###chapter 75: Comfort
Loiza's POV:

"Son of a BITCH! Isn't this a little too much?!" Master Ateney had been working on my back for 3 hours now. Phoebe wanted the Guanín to be at least a little bigger than the size of a dessert dish, she also wanted the symbol that Morgana found to ward of ALL invasive entities tattooed on the outside of BOTH my ankles. The Fort looked like a medical ward full of people who instead of getting their flu shots everyone was getting tattooed.

Tía Ayiti got every tattoo artist in the island to start here. It's a good thing my bump had not popped out yet because being on my stomach would've been impossible. The tattoo was outlined with me sitting but Ataney is the best at what he does and had no problem with me lying down so that I could read Morgana's mother's grimoire were she actually found the symbol that would be tattooed on everyone, It's a seven pointed pentagram in a circle surrounded by a ribbon with the astrological signs, the Crescent Moon on top, triangles in the four Cardinal points and right in the center of everything the symbol for Earth. Bayoán decided he wanted his on his whole back, that's how paranoid of having something inside of him made him. I left him to grovel for a bit, but I don't blame him, he was possessed!

According to Morgana's grimoire this symbol comes directly from the grimoire The Key of Solomon and wards off every single entity from any single religion. Like any vaccination, this was being recommended to everyone on the island and people were taking to it, the fact that their Beta was possessed had everyone wanting one.

"We're almost done Alpha, and it's looking wonderful and don't worry, it will be healed by the time we start with your ankles." Sumayah told me after she finished getting hers that everyone in her family was getting it as well. I wonder where Yahir is going to get his, Nasser got his on his right forearm to match with Nia who wanted hers where I have my Priestess Mark... I poked fun at them for being so fucking cheesy, but after the display of power last night, she didn't clap back. In fact I noticed everyone acting weird around me and it was getting on my nerves. Yet apparently getting it on the right forearm became the trend.

"Phoebe why do I have to get them on BOTH my ankles?" When everyone told me what Phoebe did my jaw dropped, not even a Priestesses of Avalon can cast out anything out of anyone! But the icing on the cake was when Ura told me she basically called Moira an incompetent narcissist! I missed Moira getting a slice of humble pie from a hybrid! But her question was something I myself never asked, WHY if I was a Gamma and now an Alpha was my element of choice water? Sure I use fire but I feel more comfortable with water. That's why I asked Nina to add ass much of it in the inner courtyard, just looking at it soothes me.

"Simple, to guard your steps, you don't want them to be crooked do you?" Sigh, fae folk sometimes take things quite literal. But who am I to question someone who cast out a demon to Hades to be Cerberus's dinner.

"Well DUH! Why didn't I think of that?!" Let's just get this over with I'm starting to look like a damn bulletin board!

"Ok Alpha, all done!" And we go to my closet mirror that's from head to toe long and take another mirror to look and I actually love it!

"Well Ataney you aren't a Master for nothing! Thank you!"

"It's my honor Alpha I already have the stencils for the other ones." Yeah I just want to be done with this.

"Do you mind if we do this on the balcony? I'll have lunch brought up!" And he starts picking up his equipment.

"Sounds good Alpha! I'll have good light there." He started with my left ankle and I scent Nia's new scent with Nasser and Yahir.

"There's the storm maker! I thought you would still be on you belly, we brought food!" Suania says.

"Food?! I love you!" And she brings out a huge tray with an assortment, with a side serving of Yahir with his tattoo also on the left forearm.

"So you went for the trend, huh?!" He laughs.

"Well the Warriors all decided to go with the trend in honor of their Alpha, who after seeing what she can do are very enthusiastic!" I could have destroyed the island but people were thinking it was bad ass. The Hell?!

"Enthusiastic? That's not funny, I could have really hurt people! This is really freaking me out, I'm a damn menace!" And he sits next to me. He reaches over to get the grimoire, and our hands touch-- involuntarily, yet I get chills. I reminded of when I met Víctor...

"Morgaine Le Fay and her bloodline are no joke, I have heard the legends, yet to actually meet someone of her bloodline is another thing entirely!" He looks over the grimoire. "Yeah, I have no clue how to interpret this." And he reaches over like before, but closer to put it where it was. He is seriously doing this on purpose and I can't help my smiling.

"Yeah, and Morgana is an elemental witch AND a Truth Seer. She is indeed quite powerful. We are lucky to have her." Nia says feeding Nasser some kofta. Damn it looks good.

"Samira wanted to thank you for taking Nasser of her list of people to cook for!" And as I reach for one I start laughing taking my hand to my mouth, so he gets me a piece instead and followed Nia's lead and placed it in my mouth and I don't know what has me salivating more.

"Stay still Alpha, these are more complicated and smaller." Ups!

"Sorry Ateney, have some it's really good!" Ok well that was embarrassing.

He took a piece and... "Damn! your sister should open a restaurant man! It gets really busy down town, it would be a hit. I'll eat more when I'm done with this outline so don't eat it all, I want to try everything!" He goes back to my ankle.

Yahir gets some fresh baked pita and dips it in some homemade hummus and feeds me that, too! Ok, this is too much and I grab it while it reaches my mouth. Nia links something to Nasser and he nods very excited and she grabs his hand.

"Ok guys were, uh... I'm giving Nasser a tour of The Fort see ya!" And they leave and can scent them going to their room.

"Uh huh, sure..." And Yahir's laugh is intoxicating.

"Shit! Um, Alpha I have to get my other machine, I'll be right back!" The Universe is conspiring against me!

"So how have you been feeling today?" So it's small talk huh?

"Well not in the mood to destroy Karaya with the ocean!" He he.

"That's very good to hear! I don't think anyone would be in the mood for you to do that! But are YOU ok? Your babies? And he puts his hand on my stomach and it feels right but at the same time not. I take in his scent, but it's not right.

"We are fine, my womb is SOLID!" Ok, you're embarrassing yourself. But the feeling of him touching my belly made me think of Kayden. When was the last time I thought of him? It's like my mind is doing away with him entirely. Do I want that?

He noticed and took his hand away. "You went far away there for a moment. Were your thoughts with him?"

"I don't know were my thoughts go sometimes anymore. But it's difficult right now, It's like I am in many places at once. Morgana's Block is so strong that there are days I forget him, yet others... It's hard to forget when you hear two extra heartbeats all the time." I want him to know were I stand, I already did something that is highly taboo for me.

"It's the same with Samira, the first time someone reached to touch her belly after Farooq died she slapped her hand away. Mothers become very protective of their pups, it's our nature, especially as werewolves, our primal animal demands it." I am relieved that he understands.

"I don't want to make you uncomfortable Loiza. I can just hope." I cup his face and he holds to my hand.

"One day you will find your mate and she will fill your world... The Bond is so strong that look at me. As much as I am tempted by your offer, and as strong as the Block is, there are instances he pops in my head. I thought that by this time he would have rejected me, yet I know he hasn't and if I focus enough I can feel his wolf calling to Aryn. I already betrayed the Bond Yahir, I don't think I can betray him. I don't know what else to tell you." He looks at me thoughtfully and lowers his gaze.

"I understand, I have not found my mate and in the past years since the numbers of our people declined, some would take a chosen mate, that is what happened with Samira. Beta Farooq was not her true mate, but they loved each other deeply." He says sadly.

"More boats arive tomorrow or day after that from the Mediterranean with thousands more. We were able to port you guys because of your numbers, yet the Priestesses can't hold a portal for that many people AND help us rebuild. Samira's and your true mates might be there and still there are more I am willing to invite. Orwell is right now verifying some more vampires that wish to come." He is thoughtful.

"Are they not enemies?" I sigh.

"No, they're not, the enemy is prejudice. I imagine Sumayah told you that we have sisters from Avalon from all back rounds and we work in harmony?" He smiles at me.

"Sumayah told me... She also told me that you always had revolutionary ideas as a girl that would drive The Lady Moira to 'slight annoyance' I guess that would mean angry for an elf!" I give a chuckle. I look down and remember.

He took a lock of my hair in his fingers and starts playing with it, looking at it with longing. "What if my true mate has died? Loiza, what if I never find her and you forget your mate entirely?" I close my eyes. I can't let this go on but it feels so wonderful, to have someone who desires you, who wants to love you. I don't know what will the future bring.

"IF, and that is a very big IF, I would definitely consider it, but I will not bring him pain. I still don't know the extent of what he knew and when he knew it. My biggest sadness was he didn't trust me with the truth. Maybe he thought I would reject him without an explanation. But I don't want to give you or anyone for that matter false hope." He takes me in his arms and it feels so comforting and he whispers in my ear... "Then I shall just hope, allow me at least that." I take in his scent that now that he isn't touching my belly smells of fresh grass. I feel dizzy and I allow him to just hold me for a while taking in his comfort and feel at peace... Even if it's just for a little while.
###chapter 76: The Charm and The Stone
Kayden's POV:

I can feel Marcus's eyes on me... I know he is worried about my mood lately. The nightmares won't stop, the first few days after she left I felt as though she was an empty shell being moved by the waves with no direction. Then slowly I started getting emotions from her end of the Bond; annoyance, nostalgia, anger, confusion, stress, determination. Very slowly I could feel her starting to feel again... She felt for everyone. She didn't feel for me. There were times I felt her remember me, she knows who I am and what I am to her, but really no feelings. There was very brief moment she felt an intense feeling for me, but it only held fear... Does she fear me? No... I doubt she could ever fear me, I think there is little that she fears from anyone.

Then the day came when I felt she felt desire. The nights became hell. I would close my eyes and the moment sleep enraptured me I felt her desires, it wasn't for any particular food, although she craved it, she desired expansion and growth, but above all she desired love and she has someone near that wants to give her that which is only mine to give! She needs comfort, her mind is filled with confusion and when she is around that man her confusion grows. I can tell he not only desires her, he admires her, he shows her his want for her, he tempts her, she enjoys being tempted by him. I close my eyes and see a set of eyes, turquoise eyes that remind her of that I know she loves. My Loiza loves the sea.


I have come to fear, I get night terrors of them together and I am here, so far from her in both body and soul. I know she doesn't feel my pain, I feel she has taken me off her chess board, no longer a knight nor pawn. She goes for days without even remembering I exist, I try to bear it. I would even prefer to feel that she hates me, but I don't even get that comfort, it's as if she is trying hard to completely erase me from her mind but something doesn't allow it. Is the Bond that strong? Yet when I ask myself, I feel it's something more powerful than the Bond that allows me to linger in her mind, so I hold on to that.

I have stopped trying to sleep. I can feel her resisting the temptation that is there, there are moments she wants to surrender to it. Is the Block that strong that I, her True and Bonded mate can't reach through it? My mind has completely become a realm she ruled... Every second whether awake or asleep had become hers alone. Forgotten were the books, the plans for reform, the voice in the darkness. The small wisp of green light had turned into a pair of turquoise eyes that she craved to be engulfed by. But in my desperation I held hope she would not betray me.

Marcus advised to reject her... I wanted to kill him that day, to choke the life out of my baby brother for even suggesting that. If this is my curse, I will endure it until it kills me!

He found the witch Endora, to explain the spell placed on her. She told us that such a powerful spell that could block out the Bond between two Alphas could only come from the skill of the most powerful witch and enchantress Morgaine Le Fay and those of her bloodline... Bayoán's witch. She explained that Morgaine had the power to rival that of Merlin the Great himself and if another would perform the spell for me I would still feel her, it could only muffle her feelings but nothing close to the spell that protects her from me. Endora had no coven, so I invited her to stay in the pack as my guest, I was grateful that she accepted, I need more council on these matters of magic.

I spent many days thinking on how to get to Karaya, to try to reason with her and throw myself at her feet and beg forgiveness if that's what it took to have her in my arms again and end this agony. But when I asked Lydia and Keaton where the island was they responded that it had left their memory the moment of their treachery. I even though of going to The Council itself and asking.

"How will you explain to her how you found it Kayden? If you lie they will know, if you tell the truth she will truly despise you." Marcus and his cursed logic! My mate Mark itched as if it was infected, but the tests came negative yet I couldn't stop itching and when she thought of HIM, it would start burning. To this too Endora had an explanation. She explained how the Priestess Mark works, how it warns of danger starting with the itch. Yet this is something Lydia and Loiza had already explained. So I supposed it meant that everytime it itched she had HIM on her mind? When it got hot she would want to surrender to him?

I was going mad. Marcus told Endora to prepare the Block for me, for a moment I agreed, yet the second the ritual started I ordered it to stop. I gave Endora the lock of hair Loiza left, I wanted her scent to be stronger. Marcus objected, I didn't give a damn, I NEEDED her scent to be stronger, I wanted to focus on her even more. She had the herbs needed to prepare a charm bag and she cast a spell that the scent be strong and ever present.

The charm helped, it helped focus on HER and not him. It helped me focus on that even if she had him on her mind and wanted to give into her want for him she DIDN'T, it helped me focus that she, in her confusion was staying true to ME.

I started feeling better with the charm so I carried it with me at every moment and once I had it I was able to sleep even for a few hours. My dreams were HERS and everything I knew about her would fill those dreams. The turquoise eyes that haunted me were now amber. Endora had a large kinda round amber stone and I paid her for that. The charm in my pocket the stone in my hand like a child who can't let go of his baseball. If I held on to it, it gave me comfort, always reminding me she had not given in... She could have given in and not feel my agony, yet everyday she remained true. Even with the amount of temptation and confusion she proved that block or no she was still MINE! If I would have put a half assed block, I probably couldn't tap into the truth of it, but the charm and the stone kept be grounded, it made me know that even with the powerful Block of Morgaine Le Fay, she still held on to me. So I would do the same.

I finally fell onto a deep sleep one night and again she came but the green light was dim...

**I thought you were focused on growing.**

"It's proving difficult right now."

**Because of the man who desires her?**

"Yes. I don't blame him, I feel he not only desires her, but admires her and wants to bring her comfort. Why does she need comfort?"

**When does one need comfort?**

"When we suffer. Is she suffering?"

**In a way.**

"You are not going to tell me?"

**First the pup must grow and feed the light that grows dim, you must focus on the light and Deacon you must remember.**

'I remember war and suffering. I remember the ocean trying to swallow me. I want to forget and be Deacon.'

**Then you have already lost Aryn again, maybe you'll find her again in another life time.**

'I don't want to wait that long again.'

**Then you remember it has been a long time?**

'Yes, it has been so long.' So he is remembering.

"How can I get to Karaya?"

**You must be invited.**

"How do I get invited?"

**You make the light bright.**

"I've tried, I read the books, I learned her strategies."

**Yet the light is dim.**

"Yes. Can you help me make it bright?" And just like that the light got brighter.

**Asking for help is another step. You have not gotten rid of the broken altar.**

"No, I haven't." Loiza hated it.

**She hated what it meant. Anger, betrayal, rage... disharmony. Rid this place of it and reach out to Avalon, you must tell Moira of the Cursed Rose who lives here.**

"How do I call on the Lady Moira?"

**You will feed into her vanity. Elves are very vain, it's their weakness.**

"How do I feed into her vanity?"

**After the broken altar is removed you will build a shrine to the Goddess. You will place a new altar and paint the sacred pentagram on it. You shall place the elements in the lower four corners.**

"What about wind?"

**Where is wind?**

"Everywhere."

**Wind is everywhere, that point needs nothing for wind is ever present.**

"And the top point?"

**That is the point of that which is divine. You will put a white marble bowl and at dawn and dusk you will place a piece of blessed parchment with Moira's Name and her titles with your blood, do you remember?**

I try to remember what Bayoán called her that day, he knew it by heart.

"I don't remember. Can you tell me?"

**You shall feed her vanity by calling by this name: The Lady Moira of the House of Aranda, Grand Prime Priestess of Avalon, the Lady of the Lake and Keeper of Excalibur. If you both work together you will remember, say out loud.**

"The Lady Moira of the House of Aranda, Grand Prime Priestess of Avalon, the Lady of the Lake and Keeper of Excalibur."

'The Lady Moira of the House of Aranda, Grand Prime Priestess of Avalon, the Lady of the Lake and Keeper of Excalibur.'

"Where do I find blessed parchment?"

**Ask your witch. You made a wise choice to host her, keep learning that which The Cursed Rose did not teach.**

"So I put the parchment in the bowl?"

**At dawn and at dusk you will place the parchment with that name and burn it, the smoke will call to her. But don't expect haste from Moira, she will come only in the correct time. You must not despair at her pride. Keep serenity. Only in serenity can you find a clear mind. Follow the golden ratio to build the shrine.**

"What's that?"

**Have you implemented the reforms?**

"No."

**Where is the wind?**

"Everywhere."

**Kappas are ruled by wind. I told you before that in her notes lies the key. Use the key to unlock your mind and to grow. At dawn and dusk everyday. Never forget to call her, do not move forward without Avalon, without Avalon, The Council will destroy you. And remember Kayden... She has betrayed the Bond, but she has not betrayed you. Keep the charm close. Let her scent guide you. It was no accident she left her hair in the books. Use the key. Do you understand?**

"Yes."

**Remember who you are Deacon, remember who Aryn is. Help Kayden or another 300 years may pass without finding her again.**

"300 years?!"

**Only every 300 the window is open are you both granted a lifetime. Here's to hope and that we never loose it.**

'Aryn used to say that!'

"You remember?"

'I remember Aryn held to hope, she loves the sea.'

**Remember, at dawn and dusk, follow the golden ratio, use the key, let the elements gide you, remember the Sun Kayden, listen to the song of the ocean. Don't loose hope.**

I wake up drenched in sweat and get a pencil and paper before I forget:

The Lady Moira of the House of Aranda, Grand Prime Priestess of Avalon, the Lady of the Lake and Keeper of Excalibur.

I look out the window and it's the Dawn. I get up and go to the garage and find a sledgehammer and a can of white spray paint.

I go to were the broken altar is and turn it to dust with the hammer and circle the area where the shrine must be built. I go to my office and find the census Avis and Gabriel did and highlight every Kappa.

I notice that I am holding the charm and amber stone in my right hand. I look at the sunrise and for just a moment I hear the sound of horses and the wheels of what I know is a chariot.
###chapter 77: Nina's Fun 🌶️🌶️🌶️
Guanina's POV

These days have been so wack that I am definitely ready for some Mediterranean choice meals! I got my dark cocoa curls shinning in the sun, I put some eyes drops to cool down the red and let these amber puppies shine! I got my tattoo on my shoulder, no way am I following no damn trend, this is permanent and I don't want no damn entity making me go wacko, I can do that by myself! Kyra has been impatient all morning for something new, I have been celibate for over a month now and I can't take it.

Yet as Izzy's family we are to wait for Oceani Luna and Lune Primière in the throne room. There's supposed to be about 8,000 more wolves coming and I already made sure to have enough of the yet unnamed city ready. We focused on keeping a cohesive and aesthetically pleasing design. Since we didn't didn't have any historic buildings to protect we allowed our imaginations run wild. It's not complete yet but already it's looking splendid in my not humble opinion. I personally wanted to wait till they arrived to brainstorm with some of their own Kappas to integrate architecture that makes them feel at home.

The throne room is large enough to hold over 3,000 people but like with Alhilal Almuqadas, the open grounds in front of The Fort are ready to tend to anything they might need they will be taken to the new city by bus which is an over an hour drive. Izzy didn't like this planing, and she made a good point. They have been weeks at sea and not in a cruise ship, she wanted to receive them at the Uguaca Docks, they would be tired and probably would want to get settled and rest. But even Tía Ayiti objected, they wanted to ensure the stupid pomp and circumstance, plus they wanted to give a chance for everyone to greet them to give a chance for mates to meet, so Izzy accepted the terms.

She was looking smoking hot already showing a little bump that just popped out of nowhere, still it suited her. Ximena dressed her in an Imperio style sleeveless backless dress with her chest fully covered and crisscross rope around her neck in sunset orange that made her own amber eyes pop! And the draping of the skirt part of the dress was exquisite. She wore dark leather gladiator sandals, a custom gold arm band around her right arm ending in two wolf heads one going up and she other down. Golden chandelier earnings with leaf trimmings and Isaura out did herself with the Queen's Braid adding some yellow pearls here and there with very light natural makeup. The gold Guanín to finish the look. Suania and Freya thought she looked like renditions of Cleopatra until I showed them pictures of coins showing what Cleopatra really looked like... But she did look like the Hollywood version.

Since the exorcism, of Bayoán, the little news outlets that worked before the blowing up of Mt. Cemí were starting up again and they were having a field day taking pictures of her. In between takes I could tell she was feeling uncomfortable. I got her some tea with two Tunu drops.

"Hey, here drink!" She takes the cup and takes a sip. "Izzy you're going to have to learn to get used to this you did great with Alhilal Almuqadas!" I try to comfort her but she's on edge.

"Nina last time there were only about 150 wolves and no reporters... This is way too much! Can you hit me with another drop? And I know I'm going to have to get used to it, but right now I'm not." I pour another drop in her tea and she takes a deep breath and exhales slowly. And her Mark shines yellow.

They inform us that the Alphas are arriving with their entourages with as many of their people as the throne room can hold. And then I see him and he sees me! It's like a match has been lit and he is yummy! He has a very dark blonde shoulder length hair and light brown eyes, a sharp jawline and high cheekbones frame his face and his lips carried a devilish grin. He must be at least 6'4". I couldn't stop smiling at him! So THIS is what it feels like to have a mate!

While Izzy greeted them and all yada yada, I link Bayo: 'Yo! who's the one with the long hair?' He looks at me and I imagine that he already noticed Kyra and she frowns. 'That's Alpha Antoine from Lune Primière, are you serious Nina?' He asks. 'I'm hella serious he's my mate!' And Bayoán looks at Antoine looking at me! 'Hold it Nina, don't interrupt. Izzy's nervous enough!' Does he think I'm an Idiot? Well I think he's one too, so that makes us square! 'Duh, dummy don't you SEE me chill?' He rolls his eyes. 'Well play it MORE chill because he's not paying attention! Avert your eyes to Izzy so he follows suit, this is important Nina!' Shit! I lead his eyes to look at Izzy and he smiles and pays attention, yet we give each other little glances.

They bring out the chalice and Izzy slices her wrist twice so that there is enough blood in it for everyone including those outside.

The moment he drinks and is in the Link... 'Bonjour mon chéri! I have been looking for you for some time, what is your name beautiful?' Ekkk! French! 'Hola a ti también mi amor, my name is Guanina and I have been waiting for you as well, my brother says your name is Antoine?' He wets his lips. 'Oui chèri I--' I see Izzy going to them to seal the deal. 'Mi cielo, pay attention my sister comes!'

And he blinks and takes Izzy's forearm and shake, she already has noticed and slaps his outside forearm playfully with her other hand giving him a knowing smile. She goes to whom I believe is former Alpha Cesar and takes his arm as well.

'You are sister to the Alpha?' He says forgetting the whole ordeal. 'I am her older and funner sister and I can't wait to have fun with you!' His smile turns into a silent chuckle. 'That sounds promising! I can't wait to claim you finally!' He glares at me with the devil in his eyes, oh yes! He'll do nicely! 'You better mate!'

Our secret conversation is rudely interrupted by duty. Izzy calls me to her side... I go up the stairs to where she returned to the Dujo.

"This is my sister, the Master Guanina who is the principal architect in charge of building the new city where you shall all be able to reside. She wishes to invite all of your Kappas who are experts in design and architecture to help adapt some elements to make you all feel more at home and finish making a beautiful city!" She was awesome! She was exalting me in front of my mate! 'A Master Architect my little one?' I give him a devilish smile. 'Among other things...' And I already SEE him get aroused and I can tell he scents mine. 'You are a mischievous one my petit chèri. Let's finish with all this.'

As Izzy invites everyone to feast I see him link someone. 'I have just linked my ex Beta Louis to take over here, is the somewhere we can be alone' And everyone leaves to go outside... 'Follow me!' And I gide him to my rooms.

The second we are inside we lock lips and we start getting rid of our clothes. He takes a good look at me and I can't rip my eyes from his eyes, his lips, his chest, his cock. I have had my fun with men and women, but DAMN! He is more than I could've dreamt for. "Quite acceptable!" I say lifting my gaze from his cock to his eyes.

"Acceptable?!" And he laughs. "Well you chèri are a marvel!" I walk to him and he takes a handful of the back of my hair and and starts sucking at the place where he will place his mark and oh my Goddess the fire in my body rises! This feeling is totally new, I rake my nails down his chest and going down myself, I want a close examination of what I will be working with and lick his tip making him sit on the bed and I take him fully in my mouth and he rewards me with non stop growling. He tries to bring me up but I slap his hand away and I let Kyra take over "MINE!"

He laughs with a growl and his canines are out and his eyes pale grey. He finishes in my mouth and I swallow him up but he is still hard and this time he doesn't let me go and kisses my lips again. "I see you are a indeed a gifted Kappa Master Architect!" I laugh at his jist and he throws me on the bed opening my legs, the scent of cinnamon and wine so strong on him and he gives a little teasing lick at my clit and just at that he has me moaning. I look down at him eating me up and I tangle my fingers in his long hair, I feel through the Bond my moans are driving him crazy and he climbs on top of me and goes inside me filling every inch of me! And he trusts into me over and over and my moans turn to screams of pleasure, I feel that he worries about the sound, he just got here and already in the bed of the Alpha's sister! I laugh internally.

'Don't worry about the sounds mi amor, every bedroom is sound proof!' He looks at me with surprise and a smile. "Master Architect indeed!" And he turns me around pushing harder until I come in waves and when he is about to come himself he moves my hair out of the way and as we come he Marks me with a roar and holy shit! That's the best orgasm I have ever had! I get my bearings and push him under me and start riding him moving my hips in round motion and he grips my hips digging his fingers in and his head is back with little growls and moans. "Tu es une déesse chèri!" And I am about to come again I feel his pulse inside of me about to spill in me again and my canines are out and just in the correct moment I mark his neck and we finish spilling everything we have.

We stay there holding onto each other for a while and we open our eyes and he gives me a deep kiss and I feel the connection grow exponentially.

"Wow!" He says. "To listen to others say how it is you would think they are exaggerating!"

I reach over to my night table, purposely grazing my breasts to his face and pull out a joint for emergencies and light it up. "Yeah, no shit! I thought is was bullshit too!" And take a puff and offer it to him. He takes it and takes a deep puff. "You are truly perfection chèri! I even get lit after that! I will truly love you untill I join the Goddess!"

"Damn better Tony cuz you you're stuck with me!" And I lean over and give little kisses down his jaw and down his neck. I take the joint and push it in the ash tray turning it off for now. I go back to kissing his lips and he wraps his massive arms around my waist holding me in place and cleans my mark and gives it many little kisses. "I am so happy that we took the deal, I can already tell that I am going to love living here!" And we start making love again. "I will make sure that you do!" I whisper in his ear.
###chapter 78: The New Mission
Ayiti's POV:

Despite her nerves, Loiza executed her duty exceptionally well, with dignity and grace. I had heard of her little practice run with Alhilal Almuqadas, but this was putting pressure to the kettle. Two large packs and now that the news outlets were up and running again, the scrutiny of the press and therefore the people. Even the fashion magazines Moda Ahora and Divine did a photo shoot of her look and I was thankful for Madame LeBlanche and Master Isaura for making her look like a true Queen.

Yet among the new members I had yet to see my own kids. They sealed this pact so they should be here. I go to Director Gloria to ask her what happened.

"Director, long time no see, are you well?" Yeah let's get the regular bullshit out of the way.

"Chairwolf Ayiti! I am and glad that you are alive, I assure you that the report you asked for is almost done according to your particular specifications, I hope to have in your desk by tomorrow." Great, since pleasantries are out of the way to the point.

"Director I don't seem to find my offspring anywhere, shouldn't they have arrived with the new members?" I am anxious to hold them.

"Well since you were not here and a new pack in Senegal composed of mostly ex rogues who decided to unite, has heard of what is happening here wanted to talk about a treaty. The Council has been asking tributes from them to keep the peace, yet the reason they were rogues in the first place was to not to be under the jurisdiction of The Council. And since Natalia, Lola and Umbros were close by and didn't know if you were alive they decided to check it out, so they asked to be dropped off. It's actually in the report you will get tomorrow." That does sound like something they would do. Natalia and Umbros don't like staying in one place for long. Lola must be pissed.

"Director, I understand the burden of your post, yet the moment I did appear you should have informed me. Are you in contact with them? Do they know I'm alive?!" I'm gritting my teeth at this point.

"We are in contact with them, yet they haven't been informed of your return." I can't believe this!

"Director I demand to speak with them, when can I go to HQ for this?" The fucking NERVE!

"The doors of OPIA HQ are open to you always former Director! You are welcome at any time! However I suggest you read the report first, Natalia is doing very well on her own, I don't know how such a distraction could help." Distraction?!

"I will read the report the minute it's on my desk, I still would like to have a word with them. So expect me at HQ the day after tomorrow at 10:00 a.m. Senegal time, I assure you I won't be a distraction at all. By the way, how large is this pack?" Natalia will give me better information than any report.

"As you wish Ayiti, we will be happy to have you. And the pack is not large, only about 600 members." 600? A good size to add to our numbers.

"Are they wanting to join? Do they know we intend to go to war with The Council?"

"Yes, and the reason the wish to come is that they are having problems with neighboring packs who don't recognize their domain since they were rogues, so not only do they want to leave they wish to join us against The Council. Now if you excuse me I have a report to finish." Yeah you go do that!

I go to where Izzy is taking to ex Alpha Cesar and Bayoán.

"Hey Tía this is Cesar, previous Alpha of Oceani Luna, he just informed me of the drop off of Natalia and the others in Dakar. I'm sorry, I know you were looking forward to seeing them. Cesar this is my Tía Ayiti, a member of my council and previous Director of OPIA." She truly looks regal, it would have been nice for her Kiskeya to see her like this!

"Un piacere conoscerti, signora, my late father mentioned meeting you many years back!" His father?

"Primo benvenuto a Karaya. Are you saying you are Franco's boy?" He gives a big smile!

"Yes signora! He mentioned that you were a very skilled spy and exceptional diplomat, that's why I was very excited to work with your daughter in this treaty!" He looked so much like his father! 

"Well first excuse me for calling you boy... Look at you! You are a man and look so much like Franco. I am sorry for his passing, he was in his prime." He definitely is a replica of Franco, tall with refined features, black hair with deep blue eyes. I had heard he died protecting what was left of his territory, but at least they held it. Oh Franco...

"No signora I take no offense! It's truly an honor to meet you as well as our exquisite Alpha! After seeing her and this paradise, it was very easy to give up my title. And to think we had doubts!" Oh boy, not another star struck wolf!

"Well she has proven her metal, she is quite capable." Izzy has made it clear to not hide her mate Mark as well as her tiny bump, but these wolves don't seem to care!

"Tía no need for flattery, anyway Cesar you and our new members will be taken to the new city so that everyone can get settled and rest from your journey. My brother will be in touch so as to let you know when everyone will be sorted and training starts for the Warriors. The hospital there is almost complete and only some schools needs a few touches, but like my sister said she wishes to meet with your Kappas to make it feel somewhat like home." Where is the other Alpha?

"Thank you Alpha, yet it already feels like home, as long as we have the sea and good weather it does remind everyone of home." He says.

"Alpha were is the other previous Alpha of Lune Primière?" And Izzy gives Bayo a look.

"Well Tía, he is busy at the moment... He like many others has found his mate. So not everyone who arrived will be going to the new city. However since Nina still has work to do over there she will be going tomorrow with Antoine." Nina is the other Alpha's mate? That's going to be very good for this pact and for Nina not to be causing trouble during her sister's rule... After my dear baby brother thought it would be wise not to allow his Kappa daughter leave Karaya, she made sure to humiliate him at every turn very publicly. Ayato's choice was his bane. But with her mate she won't be having her usual escapades and not humiliating Izzy. Great timing indeed!

"What do you think about this possible treaty with the pack in Senegal? I don't even think they have a name." Bayoán asks.

"I think it will definitely make us stronger. Remember, we already have Senegalese blood in our pack! When the Europeans brought Africans to our shores after almost eliminating the original Tainos and Caribes, we started breeding with both groups strengthening our genetic coding. For example look at General Braka... the Reyes family date their ancestry back to the Wolof people, they are known for their strength and height, yet those brought here were humans and yet when we mated with them the wolves that came from those matings became some of our most powerful Warriors. This pack ARE wolves, so not only do they carry their strong human genetic coding but the breed of the African Golden Wolf! Natalia knows these attributes, I now my daughter well enough to know that she decided to take on this mission to add these powerful wolves into the fold. It's a great Blessing from the Goddess!"

My daughter may talk a lot of smack but information and how to use it is her strongest trait. Plus she ALWAYS has MANY correct words to give whomever she's negotiating that they want to hear. The girl is no Truth Seer like Umbros, she uses her natural sense to listen to heartbeat, her eyes are sharper than blades and her nose can smell the slightest chemical imbalance of someone's sweat. This is the trait she shares with Ura, although I must admit, his is better... He just doesn't have her mouth!

"Then let's pray her mission results as fruitful as her success in France and Sardinia. I was hoping to see them as well Tía, yet your right. I will be looking forward on reports of their progress." Loiza smiles, I am sure she is thinking about the possibilities for the future of our people.


Loiza POV:

Tía's perspective made me excited! If more packs join I see a bright future for our people. Just now I see A LOT of people finding their mates among the new arrivals and I am thanking the Goddesses for Nina finding her mate! It's going to make everything less complicated.

I see Yahir in the distance whispering in the ear of a beautiful long chestnut haired girl, he found his mate! It's bittersweet, yet it's for the best, my focus right now must remain on my people and my babies. I see him come over with his mate and Samira joins them with what seems is her own true mate!

"Alpha this is Lucía my mate! And Samira found her true mate as well!" I hug them all and congratulate them. "Didn't I tell you?! We should never loose hope! I personally welcome you both to your new home and wish you all great happiness and the Blessings from the Goddesses." Now that we have a confirmation that Gaia is watching over us as well, Nina has placed Master Manuel in charge of the building of shrines in her honor.

"Thank you Alpha, this is Louis! I can't believe I found him!" Samira's eyes are brimming looking at her mate who is as tall and built as Bayoán with very light blonde hair and ice blue eyes, he's a Beta. Damn Samira sure has an affinity for them! To be fair so did I...

"I am very happy for all of you! Now Louis, Samira has suffered great loss I hope that you help her bring her laughter back to life!" And he better treat that pup with love! But soon am comforted by his words.

"Enchanté mighty Alpha! I am already working on my lovely Samira's smile and got the bonus of having our first son almost here! I had been searching for her but never thought she would be in hiding, I am glad to finally get to hold her!" And I look at Yahir and he looks so happy for his sister. The strong Osupa Bond was was adapting well and Louis was serving to Samira's needs and he looks enchanted by her copper skin, long shinning black hair and turquoise eyes like those of her siblings, and already had his hand on her giant belly, which she wasn't slapping away.

"Samira, where's Fatima? I talked with Chef Domingo and he has various apprentices yet I told him of her talent and would be interested in taking her under his wing." She looked around and called for her, she was helping serve food for new members. And she came over. I told her my plan and her face lit up!

"You mean I get to come here to learn?" She asks with her sweet voice.

"Not just learn her querida, you get to live here! There's an entire wing were the chefs and their students live, you will learn not only local cuisine, but how to prepare food from all over the world Nasser is already here and you can come and go as you please... Except when you are in learning mode." She looks as Samira and Samira gives her a look that says it's up to her.

"When can I move?!" Well her shyness is dissipating!

"You can move right away if you want! Most are about your age and I am sure you will make new friends!" After being in caves for over a year, studying new things and making friends should be a nice distraction. Plus the kitchens are on the second floor (the main entrance of The Fort is on the third) they are huge and have big open oak windows that overlook the sea and because of the breeze it never smells of lingering food, which helps keep a fresh palette and scent to make the dishes to perfection.

"Can I bring my stuff tomorrow?" She asks.

"We will be expecting you tomorrow then honey, I will make sure you have a bedroom waiting for you with fresh linens and clean towels for your bathroom!" Her eyes become wide.

"I get my very own room?!" I chuckle at this.

"With all the trimmings!" She looks at Samira and Yahir and their new mates.

"Yes! Expect me tomorrow! The apartment is going to be crowded and I will love to learn to make new stuff! So I'll be here!" With Samira having support from her mate I'm sure it will take that burden from the girl.

"Tomorrow it is!"
###chapter 79: Sybil
Loiza's POV:

The days went smoothly, the new members felt happy through the Link. Fatima moved in last week and her and Roxana which is only one year older than Fatima have quickly become inseparable. They both decided in their free time to help Samira and Louis open a Middle Eastern restaurant downtown. It would open after Samira gave birth which could happen at any moment. The shrine to Gaia I ordered be put in The Fort's gardens was finished and stood only a few feet away from that of Selene's. To get to the walled four acres of the gardens, you have to go down to the first floor down the outside stairwell, where they have bloomed for almost five centuries for the inhabitants of The Fort. The first Osupa all lived inside The Alpha's Fort so even the gardens where protected from outsiders. As the old historic walled Citadel grew the old Alpha's made sure to have parks and gardens as the population grew and people left The Fort for just the Alpha and his or her family.

I was on my way there now to thank both Goddesses for their blessings with two dozen white roses for Selene and another two dozen green ones for Gaia. They made Gaia's shrine resemble that of Selene's, none bigger than the other and both made of coral stone with altars of white quartz that sparkled so many colors, with the sacred pentagram ingrained in the white quartz made of black quartz. Selene's had the symbol for the Moon as Gaia's had the symbol for Earth. I was dressed in a white chiton style sleeveless robe, my hair loose and unbraided with no jewelry and bare feet in humility.

I went first to Selene's and laid out the roses and prayed the prayer I have known since I was a child. I activated the elements on the lower corners of the pentagram and in the white marble bowl for the point of the divine placed the blessed parchment with the prayer with my gratitude, with a dagger I cut my finger dropping seven drops of my blood and snapped my finger lighting a white flame so the smoke of my prayer would reach her realm.

After I went to that of Gaia with the same ritual, but used a prayer I remembered from the Gibberish Book and did the same in the sacred pentagram, except that when I lit it the flames turned green instead of white. I asked if she was pleased with the shrine, not that I expected an answer. I stayed in the gardens for sometime making sure that the spell that protected the gardens for the salt of the close by sea was intact. I sat on a white quartz bench in between the shrines under an ever blooming blue flamboyán tree. Some blossoms on the ground, yet strangely one blossom was yellow. I picked it up and my thoughts went to Kayden and for a moment I felt him thinking of me and made me smile. I didn't want to let go of the blossom which reminded of the warmth of the sun... I felt Deacon calling for Aryn and me. I felt their sorrow, their regret, their yearning. Our particular mate scent filled me stronger than the scent of the flowers of the gardens. I tried to keep my feelings neutral, but alas, it was impossible, no matter what had happened, I loved him, his jade eyes came into my mind and unconsciously I put my hand to my stomach feeling the heart beats inside. I stood and went back to Gaia's shrine and put the blossom in the marble bowl with the green flames that suddenly became bright yellow. It gave me comfort as if he was there, I heard his voice call out my name, I looked behind me as if he was there... It was so vivid!

Was I going crazy?!

**Not crazy. Sadly you are very sane.**

"Gaia?"

**You where always good at riddles child ever flowing as water.**

I leave the shrine and go to the bench and sit.

"Thank you for guiding me, thank you for the Mark, I almost hurt a lot of people without it. Why do you guide me?"

**You can bring harmony and balance.**

"Am I doing that now? Am I doing your will Great Mother?"

**Yes, you are following the guidance of my grimoire. It lives inside you now. As the children that grow inside you.**

"The Gibberish Book is your grimoire?"

**Yes**

"Were you who mated me with Kayden?"

**Yes.**

"Why?"

**Because not even I can go against The Fates. Destiny is written and you both must face yours. He risked everything to have you by his side again and the contract can't be broken**

"Who Kayden?" For some reason I don't want the answer and pivot. "Is Kayden guilty of what I saw?"

**He was guilty of felling fear.**

"Fear?"

**Fear of the lifetime granted after so long.**

I see another yellow blossom in the ocean of blue again. I look up at the tree, yet there are no yellow blossoms.

"So long ago..."

**You must stop your quarrel with Aryn. There must be harmony between you.**

"I know, it's just hard to bear right now. To follow your will I must remain focused."

**I understand. The burden we have placed on you both is great.**

"We? Both?"

**Selene is child of my loins as well, she has guided your childhood, I will do so now. Retain your devotion, remain true to your duty. You are building our will. Expect more to come.**

I noticed that she didn't answer my second question and as a Priestess know not to ask again.

"Is Isla also a child of your loins? Is that why her touch on the Mark you gave me soothed me?"

**You have always been clever.**

"What should I do next?"

**Keep following your intuition. You will know when the right time for everything shall be.**

"And Kayden?"

**He is growing following his own path. You will know when he is ready. You will know when you are ready.**

"As you say... Blessed Be."

I get up and head back picking a Water Lily from the pond and enjoy it's scent while returning... Water lilies... I have to make things right with him, too.

I pass the gates that lead to Placid Lagoon outside The Fort walls. It's surrounded by large breakwater stones to protect it from the strong waves at the very bottom of the cliff that holds The Fort, I go down the steps... I don't remember the last time I was here. I sit on the shore letting the water kiss my feet. I take off my dress and walk in the water feeling so at peace. I feel small fish nibble at my skin tickling me making me smile. I have noticed more pods of dolphins in our waters... I don't remember there being so many, even orcas! I start floating letting my body be carried by the waters... Then I felt something poke me on my back! I put my feet down looking for whatever it was and catch a glimpse of a large fin.

"Hello?" I ask and then feel stupid. I start walking to the shore but something grabs my ankle, I almost stumble yet catch my bearings and I look down at what is holding me. She had long yellow hair, double irises in the colors of yellow and sour apple green with eel type long orange fins. I haven't seen a mermaid since I left Avalon.

"You can let me go, if you wish to talk to me I will listen." I affirm.

She goes back into deeper water and hooks her finger for me to go to her.

"That's not happening, I will speak with you here. How can I help you?" I'm not an idiot, mermaids use glamour and magic to draw people in and eat them till not even bones are left.

She rolls her eyes. Yeah roll all you want missy, I'm still not following.

"You have the power to create storms yet you fear me?" Still not falling for that.

"I am still here ain't I? My body's still in the water." I go closer to the shore and sit in the water. "You're welcome to join me in conversation right here. I am alone, no one will disturb us." She looks at me suspiciously. I'm patient, I can wait until she is ready. I sat for over an hour never taking my eyes off of her. Fuck THIS, I'm done waiting. "I'm leaving now, if you want I'm sorry but I don't have any more time to wait." And as I stand she grabs my ankle again.

"Will you STOP! You want to talk or not?!" She sat next to where I was.

"See? That wasn't so hard right?" I sit again next to her.

"My name is Loiza what's yours?" I ask watchfully.

"Sybil." She answers plainly.

"Ok Sybil, now can I help you with something?" She looks confused.

"Why do you, a warewolf smell like my sisters and me?" What?!

"I don't understand, I was told that I smelled of pinnap---" But she cuts me off.

"Yes, yes pineapples and vanilla... I am talking about your scent in the sea. All creatures smell different under the waters of the ocean." Interesting.

"I didn't know that, thank you for that information, but I don't know why that's my scent. So I'm sorry if I can't answer your question Sybil." She looks up at The Fort.

"You are allowing creatures other than wolves to live in Karaya?" She asks.

"I am, do you need sanctuary?" Again her eyes not trusting.

"Sanctuary?" Well I guess that was dumb, what sanctuary would a mermaid need?

"Nevermind, it was nice talking with you Sybil, I hope to see you again."

"We can't go on shore without being hunted." I had seen mermaids in Avalon but they stayed far away and distrustful, so I never spoke with one.

"I didn't know mermaids wanted to go to shore." Just spit it out already, I'm hungry. And just then my stomach growls. Great...

She looks at it and smiles. "I am keeping you from feeding your babies."

"Indeed, so if you have anything you want to ask I beg you to hurry it up." I say with some irritation in my voice.

"Sanctuary, we would like to be in the shores, sit by the rocks, learn more of land dwellers." Very interesting!

"You mean you want to... hangout?" Is she serious?

"I don't mind you hanging out on our shores and no one will hunt you, but it goes both ways Sybil, I give you my word that you shan't be hurt in anyway, but we have rules and I will not tolerate any attacks on my people." She is thoughtful.

"Maybe our Queen could talk with you?" Another treaty?

"I have heard that you can leave the water under special circumstances. If your Queen wishes to meet with me for a formal treaty of sanctuary to be in our shores I am willing to grant an audience to come to terms that shall suit both our people and my number one term would be no hunting from either side. We are islanders and love the sea, so I agree to share our waters with the Mere folk only with a formal treaty of mutual peace. Send my message to your Queen, understood?" She slowly nods.

"I will come back tomorrow with our Queen's answer. I extend my hand to shake her finned one." She looks at it for a moment.

"We shake on it! I am showing goodwill that I have no weapon to hurt you with." She takes my hand and I shake it slowly so as not to startle her.

"I shall return tomorrow at this same time wolf sister." I let go and stand getting out of the water and go to my dress.

"Same time tomorrow Sybil. I shall be here, and don't forget what you said yourself I have the power to create storms, so no tricks, do you understand?" She nods solemnly and swims away.
###chapter 80: The Proposal
Kayden's POV

She thought of me! She misses me, she yearns for me! But she doesn't trust me...

'...He didn't trust me with the truth...'

She feels I betrayed her... I did. I put people who I know did horrible things because they were my parents over the mate the Goddess gave me. I saw a vision of a yellow blossom in an ocean of blue ones. She feels heartbroken. What have I done?

"Your move Kay." Marcus reminds me. We have been going over Loiza's moves again. The shrine is almost done, hopefully by tomorrow. I will start calling the Lady Moira as soon as the first dawn after it's complete. I have doubled my training, if she asks me to behead Lydia and Keaton I will, but I have to be strong enough not to let Mordred take over.

They designed a beautiful piece and since I told them I would be burning offerings, they decided brick was best. No need to burn the pack down.

But the yearning she felt for another is gone and I am more relaxed, I carry the charm and It's like she's right in front of me. I do feel her ill from time to time and just a few weeks ago she had a while of feeling very nervous... Is she well? I hate not knowing, I just get her feelings.

Endora has been making herself useful by trying to at least weakening the Block or enhancing our Bond.

We have begun some reforms, yet I don't want to move forward until the Kappas are done. I want for everyone to begin at the same time.

Word has spread that our pack lost a large number of members and rogues have been spotted at the borders and some have tried to breech inside testing our defenses. I need that shrine done ASAP, I will need the Kappas working on something else to convince the Warriors to accept the amount of training I am planning for them.

I started reading Cicero, but it hasn't jogged Deacon's memory, all he remembers was that he was wise but he says there were wiser ones still. He gives me names and I look for them and read about them. The last name he gave me was that of Hepatia of Alexandria, and the more I read about her work, her teachings, her vision the more she reminds me of Loiza... Yet her death was gruesome. For such a talented teacher and visionary to die like that was tragic.

He said that he was able to contact Aryn for a little moment and she told him that Loiza was reading the Bhagavad Gita. So I got it, and damn it was a LOT, Marcus read it too, but we don't have her notes for this book so we have to interpret it as best we can. I watched videos and a documentary about it and different opinions on it, I really wish I had Izzy's notes. So that's where that human scientist who made the atomic bomb got that quote saying that he has become death, the destroyer of worlds. Yet through the Bond, I sense that the part that interested Izzy the most was the part where it says "Revenge is not the answer but neither is forgiveness." And I felt she was thinking about me when she analyzed it... This unsettled me for days.

If only I could turn back time... I would make every decision differently. I guess it's true that hindsight is 20/20.

I went back to her notes and started studying the people who inspired the writing of The Prince and the people Izzy mentions in the art of war. She does mention Supernatural battles and Marcus searched for books on them in the library at The Council... He says he feels uncomfortable going there now, but this is information we can't find anywhere else.

Yet with everything I have read I started writing my own notes, my own opinions, my own strategies. And we would try them out not only on the chess board, but against invaders at the borders. And just as some failed and we had casualties, mostly were successful. I still kept to what I learned from Izzy, yet I was learning to think differently and with Marcus's help, more creative with my way of advancing in battle and life.

Alpha Everett of Half Crescent Moon called wanting to meet. It's funny that I was just thinking about him and his pack the other week. I told him that he was more than welcome to come over and I raised the defense of the pack to assure no disturbances during his visit.

He arrived a few days after, his sons Jonas and Jeremy were not with him, not even Beta Duke was with him. Just his Gamma and a few Deltas made his entourage.

"Alpha Everett, it's good to see you after so long, what brings you over?" He looked like a beaten up man, he was just a little younger than my father, yet he looked older.

"Alpha Kayden, it's good to be here, thank you for meeting with me on such short notice." He even sounds exhausted.

"No problem Alpha, do you want something to drink?" Let's get over the small talk.

"No, no, I have been doing to much of that as of late. Let me be frank with you Alpha, I am old enough to know when I am done. We have always been a small pack and grow smaller by the day. Last week we had a great loss..." He takes a deep breath and continues. "We had a very well coordinated attack from rogues from the north... Both my sons and heirs as well as my Beta were among the dead and my dear Luna is full of grief." Whoa that would explain why he looks so broken.

"Alpha... I didn't know what to say. By the Goddess! I offer my most deep condolences. Is there anything Blood Moon can do to help?" Damn that is harsh.

"Listen Kayden, I am aware of the exodus some of your pack have made, word is going around that your Lun-- sorry, your mate has already had three packs join her and they have submitted to her accepting her as their Alpha doubling their numbers. I hear of talks of others wanting to join the might of The Osupa who after the tragedy that befell them have quickly recovered and are now stronger than ever under her rule. Do you have any idea how to contact her? I am willing to give up my title as well for sanctuary." I have been so invested in my grief and working on reforms to better my own pack that I had not heard these news. THREE packs have submitted to her?!

"I thank you for your frankness Alpha, and I will be honest with you as well. I have no idea how to contact her... Not for lack of trying, but there are some steps I must first follow before getting her back. To get to Karaya one must be invited. I was a fool about many things and she chose to continue to lead her people over me. I am just finding out now of her achievements, although it doesn't surprise me. My mate is not only beautiful and a powerful Priestess, she also has a very sharp mind for leading and she is also a skilled diplomat. Before she left me she gave me her own notes and strategies to be a better Alpha and I assure you that I have been working tirelessly to adapt to the Osupa philosophy and implement it here. Not just for my pack, but to be the mate she deserves and have her back or at least earn that invitation to Karaya that you yourself want." I gave him enough information I was willing to share.

"I see... And she has not rejected you?" That would end me.

"Thank the Goddess, no. She has put a powerful blocking spell on our Bond, but has not rejected me, as I have no intention of rejecting her. Like I said I am studying her notes and The Osupa philosophy to implement reforms very soon to be stronger. I have every intention of being by her side again, and even with the powerful Block she has put in place I can feel her yearning for me and I am dedicated to earning her trust back." And I really hope it works.

"And how are you handling your own pain? You are looking stronger than ever despite your losses." I give him a weak smile.

"With difficulty, yet if I allow my pain to consume me how will I get such a strong woman back? I am not just working on getting stronger physically, but mentally and emotionally as well. Balance is one of the core beliefs of The Osupa and I intend on following that path... If I allow my grief to win then I have already lost her completely and that is not a path I am willing to walk. I am done being a boy with stupid tantrums, I wake up everyday and do everything I must to firstly be a competent Alpha to my own pack. If I only think of getting her back and neglect my people, she will definitely not take me back, I know her mind enough to know that self pity is something she will not tolerate. She is making her pack stronger and so must I." He is thinking about what I just said.

"I will have that drink now if you don't mind Alpha, yet I would like coffee if that's ok?" I link Nancy to bring coffee up.

"It's on it's way Alpha, I am sorry I don't have the information that you need." And Nancy comes in with the coffee.

"No, you don't yet you have something else. I would like to make you a proposal Alpha Kayden. We have only about 300 members left, and the reforms you talk about implementing sound quite interesting especially if they follow the Osupa philosophy. If my pack continues on as are, we are finished. I have no heirs to continue to lead and my people are tired. It seems to me that Alpha Loiza has left you with a blue print to achieve the techniques that make The Osupa strong and you are going to build from there. As we are right now, my pack will not survive the Winter, we are on our last leg. You still are mate to her and she seems to be willing to give you another chance. I propose to give up my title of Alpha and submit to you as my Alpha and unite my people to yours so that we may learn as one pack what you have learned. What do say? Will you allow us to join Blood Moon and be our Alpha?" Well this was unexpected! I stand up and look at his men. Could I trust them? Could I trust him? Endora is not a Truth Seer, yet she did mention a spell that allows for questions to be answered truthfully. That should work.

"Everett I accept your proposal yet there are conditions that I require." I link Marcus to start thinking about questions that could weed out possible traitors or Council spies.

"What would those conditions be Alpha?" He asks tiredly.

"Every one in your pack must pass a line of questioning, don't worry it will not involve torture of any kind, just a truth spell. I have been hosting a witch who is serving as a magical tutor if you will, I have been learning about quite a lot of matters I was ignorant of and she has a spell which compels people to only speak truthfully. If you and your people are willing to go through with this condition to ensure the own protection of my pack I would be more than happy to join our people and be one pack and teach you all side by side with us what we have learned." He looks at me thoughtfully.

"Well Alpha, if that's your condition I accept, it seems you're taking drastic measures to protect and strengthen your people. And if we become your people as well I am happy that you take their protection from those who would harm them seriously. Very good move indeed Alpha you have actually made me more sure about my decision. When can we expect to host you and your witch to be questioned?" He asks.

"Stay as our guests tonight while I speak to Endora, if she is ready I see no reason to go tomorrow and get your people situated and settled before another attack befalls you. Do you agree?"

"I agree to your terms Alpha." I link to get rooms ready for him and his men. I hope Endora agrees.
###chapter 81: The Queen
Loiza's POV

Sybil had come the next day as promised, I was alone to not startle her. She answered that her Queen would not leave the water and that she would come meet me with an entourage at the lagoon in three days. I told her that it wouldn't be a problem but that I would not be alone as well and that was non negotiable.

Hey, if she was coming with a posse so was I!

I told Bayoán about the meeting, he thought it was crazy, but I told him that I haven't ever heard of mermaids eating Supernaturals, it was only humans. So I was confidant that it would be fine, Phoebe agreed with me, she was interested by the fact that Sybil said I smelled like one of them underwater.

Ayiti was skeptical too but was very intrigued and Suania was excited to see mermaids. So he prepared those who would go with me to meet this mermaid Queen. Admiral Casimar asked to go, if there would be a treaty with sea creatures he wanted to be present, he still looks mad at me... I thought we agreed to move on! Braka chose the Warriors that would go and I invited Isla as Luna of the pack. In the end more people than I would have wanted to go went, but mostly I wanted Phoebe there to verify any falsehoods.

Ximena dressed me in a sapphire blue Imperio dress with wide shoulders, bare arms and a V neck line that showcased my growing cleavage, she added large white drop pearl earrings and white nácar bracelets and the gold Guanín. Isaura did my usual Queen's Braid adding white pearls this time and I decided to go barefoot to wait with my feet in the water to help ease tensions since Sybil said I smelled like them underwater.

I waited patiently in the shoreline with my feet in the water raising my dress a bit to avoid it from getting too wet in the bottom. And then we saw them jump over the water break stones and entering the lagoon... Their numbers were plentiful and there were of so many colors, it was quite a sight!

Sybil was the one who spoke first...

"My Queen, this is the Alpha Loiza, Cacique of Karaya." And not one, but two mermaids swam closer: One was as dark as midnight from her black hair, skin and fins, regular fish fins, with double irises like Sybil of pale blue and pale green, the other was identical except that she was as pale as the Moon. White hair, white skin and fins and her eyes were exactly the same as the other... Sybil introduced BOTH as one.

"Alpha this is our Queen, Pasha." So they BOTH were ONE? This will be interesting!

"Welcome to the shores of Karaya, Queen Pasha, you and your people are most welcomed here!" She looked around at her sisters and at those with me on the shore.

"You DO smell of us under the waters, Sybil says you don't know why yes?" They both spoke as one with the same exact voice. And I guess no pleasantries needed.

"True, I was hoping that you may have the answer to that, I guess I was wrong." I keep my eyes plastered on her-- them, I have no idea how to refer to this phenomenon so I keep it singular as presented.

"Wrong you were, I have no answer to give." This has to be one of the most bizarre things I have encountered. It's as if they think as one. Do they share brain waves?

"Well that's a shame, my counselor Phoebe here was interested in asking questions about it." I say as I sinal to Phoebe who comes to the shore line.

"So it's true. The Alpha of Karaya is taking even hybrids." Damn she's rude!

"It's true, I am a hybrid. And I am here not as a guest, this is my home and sit in the Alpha's Council as one of her advisors." Phoebe tells her firmly. And she looks at Phoebe curiously. Ok, I didn't get all dressed up for small talk!

"Sybil says your people wish to spend time on our shores without fear of harm, is this true or not?" He gaze returns to me.

"We can not go to shore, we are hunted and humans who see us want to capture our image with their machines." Evading huh?

"That's not an answer to my question. Do you wish to share OUR shores or not?" She gives me a glare with some venom... Oh fuck you too!

"You would grant this?" That's more like it!

"I would, yet there are conditions and consequences for breaking those conditions." I put my hand back waiting for the document that wes enchanted to be water proof and that the words be able to adapt to the language of the reader, compliments of Morgana! Bayoán places it in my hand, I was resolute not to break eye contact with them--her, ugh! This was confusing! I signal to Sybil to hand her the document. And she comes and takes it and hands it to her Queen, they take hold of the document and read the conditions.

She looks up at me and continues to read. "You want my people not to use magic while on shore?" Tricky mermaid!

"That's not what the contract says. It states that while on shore your people are not allowed to use any magic which poses a threat to my people, such as siren song to lure them without their know-how, glamour to confuse someone, seduction magic, and so on. As long as my people's minds are not touched you may use magic, the point is that my people shall not be manipulated or harmed in anyway, shape or form, physically, emotionally or mentally, understood?." She nods and returns to read.

"It's says there is a fine for the first infraction and and confinement for not being able to pay such fine." You're damn right!

"Correct!" You want to lay in the sun, then you better behave.

"How do you intend to enforce these... Infractions?" I was expecting this question.

I manipulate the stones of the water break to grow like a wall trapping them inside the lagoon, and the others in her entourage gasp and I see the fear on their faces. I have been practicing more with Yaya lately and am very close to acquiring my High Priestess title.

"We have our ways." And I make everything as it was to calm them. I made my point.

The Queen hisses at me and I raise the water pressure around her and have sand raise to trap her fins.

"Don't you DARE hiss or threaten me your highness! I have been cordial to you and I will not tolerate anymore rudeness from you! If you want to share OUR shore, you and yours will show respect for me and mine or find somewhere else for your fun!" And I release her. She's clearly shocked now. By the Goddess, she displays the same arrogance as Moira and it makes me wonder if her authority has ever been challenged.

Her sisters go to her to see if she was harmed but she raises her hands to make them stop. And she looks at me for a few minutes and I stare back matching her glare. I take myself out of the water and signal the others that we are done and we are leaving.

"We have not come to an agreement." She says and my rouge pays of making me smile, it reminded me of being in the field. And I wink at Bayoán and he is trying not to smile. I turn around to face her again.

"The best agreements are those where there's mutual respect. Clearly you have none for me, so why should I come to one with you?" I ain't fucking around here.

She looks at the document again. "How are we to pay such fines?" Ok, we are negotiating again.

"I suggest that you talk with your people to make sure they don't HAVE to pay any, wouldn't that be simpler? However if your people insist on earning one, this is The Caribbean! I am sure there's much treasure to be found in sunken ships." Phoebe links me telling me that they have loads. "Or you can pay from your own coffers, it's your choice. But again I hope it doesn't come to that."

"And my people shan't be hurt?" She asks.

"It's all there in the contract. I have no problem whatsoever of your people being curious and wanting to know more about us or having conversations with my people on the shore. I can guarantee that they will be curious of you and would want to say hello. All I want is respect and mutual safety and enjoyment for both our people and maybe someday even a partnership were we know and trust each other enough were contracts and treaties are not necessary. I wish for harmony and balance with the Mere folk, no more, no less. For now we have that document which will be sealed in blood before the Goddesses Selene and Gaia for they too want harmony among their people." It's a Blood Oath or nothing!

Both entities come closer to the shore and I go back to step in the water. I see her face softens.

"I agree to your terms wolf sister, I will command my people to obey these terms, can I have a copy?" And I give her a smile.

I link Phoebe to make sure they're no tricks and she answers that Pasha is in genuine agreement.

"I thought you would never ask!" And I reach back for a copy. I extend my canines, cut my thumb and stamp it on the document I'm holding and she does the same with thumbs of both entities and we trade and repeat the print. I ask her to trade again since the one I am holding is the waterproof one and we trade. I hand the document to Phoebe who hands it to Bayoán as I cut both my hands to shake her hands, she looks at them curious and Sybil goes to her ear to explain. Pasha's both entities cut their hands and shake mine.

"The Blood Oath is complete. Blessed Be! I shall give the order that no citizen of Karaya is to harm any of your people at once, I hope you do the same. Welcome to Karaya Island to all of you!" And finally she smiles. Well she DOES have smiling muscles!

"Blessed Be! I look forward to more conversations with you Alpha." She says and I am surprised by this but decide not to show it.

"And I with you Queen Pasha and maybe you can help me answer the riddle of why I smell of your people under the waters of the sea." She hands the document to a green haired mermaid with double irises if blue and red with pale pink fins. They swim away, and I exhale.
###chapter 82: The Vampire Citizens
Loiza's POV

I am hungry all the time now, my bump is now as large as Morgana's who is still in second trimester. I am so done with this and am only halfway, I don't even want to imagine almost a year of this! They're kicking HARD. Every new member has opted to get the tattoo that repeals any entity from taking over your body and many have taken to the trend of having it on the right forearm, and the tattoo artists are making bank!

Nina and the Kappas (both old and new members alike) have finished the city in Uguaca Bay. We have come to the consensus to call it Atabex City in honor of both Gaia and our ancestry. She suggested building another one in the mountains in the Casaibo District, it was indeed a good idea. It was a valley protected by the mountains and I imagine there are members who would prefer to live in the mountains as oppose to the coast. She and Antoine were inseparable, from rumors I've heard, it seems he was quite like her back in France and now they were basically the same only they were monogamous and completely devoted to each other!

I had only entered my own office to see what Roberto had done with it months ago, but now was using it more frequently because the chair was really soothing to my back and was reviewing the articles of war to be presented to The Council, which changed daily with the adding of names of newly identified dead. Just seeing the updated copy on my desk when I entered made me sick!

The first days the mermaids kept to the large stones away from shore, but now they would venture to the beaches were people went. Everyone was curious and I heard that many children gave them pucas, basically beaded necklaces and many little girls would beg to brush their hair of many colors, I met with Sybil again and she says that the mermaids were actually loving the attention and that Queen Pasha would like to meet with me again. I agreed... The mermaids were indeed behaving.

Orwell finally returned with 17 vampires. I received them in the throne room in a black dress which had an opening split at the front of dark purple fabric enhancing by pregnancy with the same jewelry I used to greet the French and Sardinians, I mean it feels weird and wasteful to use something new for different people! Ximena matched it with gold sandals and Isaura added gold beads which had inscribed protective runes on them.

"Orwell, it's good to finally have you back home, how were your travels?!" For a moment I was afraid something bad had happened to him. I had Phoebe by my side as now was custom and she wore and backless dark purple dress to match with what I wore. Her wings in clear display.

"As you can see my Queen, I have brought guests interested in making Karaya their home." The court had many spectators interested in the vampires even though it was after hours, they are usually mortal enemies to wolves but people wanted to see how this went.

"You are all very welcomed here, Orwell has been a trusted advisor, I wish we too can reach trust among us and that you can also call Karaya home." There were four children among them, I wondered if they were born or made.

"You are most gracious and welcoming beautiful Queen, most of us are wonderers who pay no homage to any Blood Clan Chieftains. My name is Lutherus Viotto, we have heard that Karaya is accepting those of our kind and Orwell has confirmed such rumors. I have been roaming the Earth since the time Justinian held The Byzantine Empire, I bring my wife Amdis and our first natural son Kieran, seeking respite from our travels." He had hair as black as my own, very pale skin and the very black eyes which many of his kind posses, he was tall and slender and very elegant. If he is from the era of Justinian he is possibly older than Moira. His wife was also slender with very long pale gold wavy hair, her eyes were not black but hazel she was indeed very beautiful and by her name I imagine nordic. Their boy was a mirror of his father except he could not be older than 12, yet I know from my time in Avalon that a natural born vampire may appear of an age, yet still be much older.

"Natural? I congratulate you! My sisters from Avalon have always mentioned that it did happened yet that it took a very special kind of Bond between the parents for it to occur. You and your beautiful wife must love each other dearly and Kieran looks like he will be your mirror when he is of your same age." I am measuring my words by the centimeter, you can't assume anything with vampires, especially age.

"I thank you for your kind words great Lady! You are as Orwell said. And knowing that you are a Priestess of Avalon and have lived harmoniously with our kind brings me comfort." He proceeded to introduce his companions one by one. Unlike with the mermaids, vampires dwell in pleasantries making simple introductions last for hours. They each had their histories they wished to recount and it went well into the night. My fucking back was killing me, thank the Goddesses for constant rapid regeneration or else I would have been rudely fidgeting.

After all introductions were made Lutherus wanted to know of the Taicaraya serum used to walk in daylight.

"We were able to see Orwell walk in the sun from our dark shelter, I remember still of the time before I being a vampire of walking in the sun as a fisherman before my Master created me. Hence one of our interests of accepting the invitation Orwell offered as well as finding a home. As you have already heard from my companions all children are naturally born and as you said rare. We are willing to pledge ourselves to your reign and laws and to take your Oath to be able to give our children the chance to be children... I imagine you wonder what their true ages are, but they are as you see, just children and my own sweet wife is again pregnant. As you yourself are, you can probably imagine the tiredness of pregnancy and the need for a home." Suania was on the mark about a baby boom.

"Then Karaya shall be your home to enjoy a life on tranquility. As citizens you shall be granted the serum which must be administered through an IV drip monthly, yet to make it to your specifications I imagine Orwell explained that we must draw your blood as to make sure it's made to you specific DNA and molecular structure so that your body doesn't reject it. Once that's done the healers in charge will keep that information on record, to have the next batch ready for the month after and not go through that bother again. Does that sound well with you?" Vampires may love blood, but they don't like their own blood to be spilled or taken. I can already see the discomfort in some of their faces.

"Yes my Queen he has informed us. We are willing to go through the process to walk in the sun again." Step one, check!

"Now on the next order of business... Feeding. I know that your people are not fond of blood from Supernaturals except for that of brownies and fauns. We already have a pan hybrid who is a citizen, we can't have feedings from citizens unless these are consensual. There are many islands around with humans where you can hunt, I ask you to please not kill any, unless you can read them as scum, in which case I don't care, but even so don't draw attention to yourselves or us so I beg discretion. We can also make sure to have human blood from Blood Banks readily available." I could go for a rare steak right about now.

"Your terms are reasonable and acceptable my Queen." He responds.

"Next item, we recently have made a pact with the surrounding mermaids, so far they have kept the peace, curiosity is fine but like before every interaction will remain consensual. I will give Orwell a copy of our treaty with them so you understand what they are and not allowed to do." To this they look at each other with some confusion.

"But mermaids can be tricky monsters great Lady we---" I stand up.

"So are we! We are all considered monsters, but no greater monsters than prejudice and arrogance. We are trying to build a different place were all of our kind can live in peace away from the intervention of those who would hunt us for what we are and those who want to destroy the balance we have achieved. We are adapting to the Great Mother's wishes. I hope that you still will stay and help me achieve the will of the Goddesses but for this we must learn to trust each other." They look at the faces in the throne room. Wolves, fae hybrids, a werejaguar, Orwell, different species living together with no quarrels.

He takes a knee and the others follow suit.

"My Queen, we are ready to give you our pledge and take your Oath to be citizens of this exceptional utopia you are building." I have the chalice brought.

"Now you must excuse the taste, I am aware that Werewolf blood isn't to your taste but a sip is all it should take you join us, sadly I know your kind can't join the Link yet you will be gifted opal rings like this..." I show him my own that I use to contact Morgana and I also gave one to Sybil to test it's range... "To help with communication."

They drink from the chalice and it's done.

"Orwell will show you were you will be staying, he will be your escort and guide until you are settled. Do you have any questions?" Goddesses I hope not! I link anyone in the kitchen to prep me that steak.

"No your Highness everything is quite clear we leave you so you may rest and feed your babies that steak they are craving." Ha!

"I thank you for your understanding ladies and gentlemen!" I laugh. "They are indeed ravenous!"
###chapter 83: Reforms
Marcus's POV:

I thought I had lost Kayden again after he started feeling Loiza's desires, he became unstable. I still remember his rage when I suggested he reject her and be done with it. I was just thinking on getting my brother back from an abyss, that was a miscalculation I will never repeat.

But that passed and he is back to his brooding self, yet he trains rigorously daily. The unification with now ex Alpha Everett of Half Crescent Moon went smoothly and they moved into the abandoned houses of those who left with The Osupa and are now officially Blood Moon.

Kayden was so surprised by the information Everett gave him about Loiza swelling the numbers of her pack, that he asked him to continue to keep him updated. He admitted that his own sources were in The High Council, but Kayden was ok with it. He just told him to be as cautious and casual about it as possible as long as the information was good and Everett was enjoying playing private eye. His latest news was that she had a group of vampires added to her numbers and name her Queen, and that more wanted to join her... I wonder what the own Vampire Council thinks about their own people submitting to a Werewolf.

Whatever it may be it was revolutionary, vampires and werewolves were mortal enemies, yet she had invited and accepted them into the fold. Kayden was un bothered by the news, he reminded me that as a Priestess of Avalon she knew their ways and had grown up with many herself, still I noticed it made him proud of her.

Just in the past weeks of being inside Loiza's head made me realize that I can't count on the library at The Council anymore. The information is incomplete and downright deceiving at times, if that's what's in HER head I can only imagine Bayoán's, a Beta who was once a spy and served as Captain in their organized military. Kayden is right, she achieved all she did by knowing who to place where it played to their strengths and how to adapt according to the situation, she never used brute force (well except for Logan and she just used her elemental power for that). And even though she has the Bond blocked in her end, they are still fully bonded and Kayden is opening up his mind to tap into her way of leadership.

When The Osupa came and Keaton told us of their self control and we found out that Kayden's mate was one of them I imagined that some would rub of... Then when she left I thought he would go back to being the regular Alpha Kayden Black of before or worse; yet the Bond seems to be so strong that it never happened.

We wanted to know if there was anything else we needed to know before trying to call upon Avalon... Kayden destroyed the broken altar and had a small shrine built instead. He insisted to the Kappas to use the golden ratio... I didn't even know he knew about it!

We had white morning-glory flowers (Moon flowers) planted around it. He was was learning much from Endora, yet it was he who came up with a way of trying to contact Avalon by painting a pentagram on the little altar of the shrine each point has a different element (except for wind, which he says it's not necessary for it's ever present) and on the top point he had a marble bowl where he would write Lady Moira's full name with all her ranks and titles and then burning it. The weird part is the flames would turn green and it's green smoke smelled of wildflowers, not smoke. Endora was impressed, she said that this is an ancient way to summon the divine and a way of calling the attention of the gods for offerings and sacrifices. But he didn't mention where he got the idea from.

He would do that every day at dawn and at dusk. People from the pack started coming with flowers and other offerings and they were liking the new systems being put in place. There was less stress and we were all working as a unit. Nancy and other Omegas, Chis and Psis went to help Henry in medical, Kappas were taking into different crafts especially food and beer and because the pack was more harmonious the Gammas and the Deltas, which make a large number of the pack, since so many Omegas and Chis left with The Osupa, were invested in extra and harder training and focusing on getting stronger, including those who used to be of Half Crescent Moon.

After training they would go to medical for treatments, Kayden had ordered that if any Warrior felt any discomfort after training they were to put pride aside and go to medical. Because of the treatments, their healing times where cut to a fifth of the time and usually they wanted to go back to training immediately. This also helped cut shifting time to nothing, like if the moment we decided to shift our bones became much more nimble than before so the mild discomfort completely went away.

We also started sparring more in human form in case we found ourselves in closed quarters and shifting was almost impossible. The Warriors were really liking it, Avis and Adam even brought books and downloaded videos about other martial arts to incorporate. They were loving the food and the beer. The fact that they wouldn't spend hours or days in pain and that their pups were being thought by Fies, Taus and Op-silons, which according to the Osupa system are the best teachers, the Warriors didn't mind taking up the slack.

The Epsilons are the lightest on their feet and best at stealth and speed, so it went to them to be the official patrols. Endora was able to replicate something similar to what the Osupa use to spray themselves to mask their scent, that and their silence made them almost invisible. Yesterday we started trying out the new patrolling system, yet there were no attacks, however the Epsilons reported rogue scent on every side of the border.

I admit I was hesitant with with potential invaders thinking our borders where unprotected it's like we were begging for an attack, the Epsilons were right at the borders as the front line yet it was not to them to attack, their job was to sound the alarm if any intruders breeched the borders so that the Warriors would take over.

We were all on edge waiting yet we were also alert and ready standing by. Midnight came and nothing. We were now hopeful that it would remain peaceful. Yet a little after 2:30 a.m. a patrol sounded the alarm at the western border. Kayden had made sure that not all Warriors were to go in case it was a coordinated attack and to still be alert of the other borders, so the Epsilons were to stay at their posts no matter what to sound the alarm if any other border was breached, Avis was to stay behind with Gabriel to lead the fresh Warriors there or if we needed backup to send a second wave of attack.

The now much more stronger and better trained Warriors lead by Kayden and myself reached the a large number of rogues who clearly didn't expected us. We have become so much faster that we reached the border in no time and moved in long formation with myself and Kayden in the center and the stronger Warriors at the ends to flank them and surround them almost instantly. The Epsilons patrols at that border were to go up the trees and stand by as well in case we needed immediate backup.

Our adrenaline was increasing our strength and speed, we were going directly to their throats and snapping them like twigs. There must have been over a hundred yet we still outnumbered them and made fast work of them. Suddenly we received the alarm from the north border of another breach yet already Avis and Gabriel and their warriors were almost there in formation. We returned to our original place in case another border was breached and like Avis's team only move to their position if they were in need back up.

Kayden asked Avis if our team was needed, yet he told us to just stand by. Josephine, the Epsilon patrol who sounded that alarm was up in the trees as ordered, said that it was also a large group yet we made sure to make both of our teams equal in size to assure they were equally as strong. We stood by waiting and just as Avis's team was almost finished with those intruders, the alarm for the Southern border came, and Kayden and I headed there.

Kayden ordered Avis to finish and go back to position and be alert to the Eastern border, at this point we saw their pattern and suspected that they were testing every border. These were not just some wild rogues, they were in the hundreds if they were willing to gamble with the lives of so many of their own. And just as we reached the South it happened just as Kayden predicted, the alarm for the east was sounded and Avis went for it. And yet we still had fresh Warriors standing by in the event of another alarm or to back us up. No matter were a threat came from, we were prepared. And before we knew it, it was over. We took about 20 prisoners to the dungeons for questioning.

The back up of the Epsilons was not necessary and they remained vigilant for the rest of the night. All the corpses were gathered and burned in a controlled fire. Endora gave us some herbs which made the fire burn tall enough and make it bright red they were there, so if there were more it would serve as a warning... 'Try coming in our territory and all you will find is blood.' it burned bright for the remainder of the night.

We had only two casualties! And immediately the medics came to verify any serious injuries. But mostly it was bones that had to be aligned correctly so that the rapid healing would take over. Yet we were still vigilant and the warriors that didn't partake in battle were now the ones ready for any attacks.

The prisoners were to be wrapped in silver and left in pain through the night while we remained vigilant. But no more attacks came. As the Dawn came, Kayden retreated to the shrine for his now daily ritual and I heard him pray for the first time in many years thanking the Goddess for her protection.

Word got around of that night and we haven't had a threat since.

And this was in only weeks of preparation and training under the new reforms! No wonder The Council used the attack they did. The Osupa live this philosophy since birth! And we didn't have their tech! When Kayden saw how effective the Osupa system was he got angrier at our parents and branded them and The Council as cowards.

The Warriors were so impressed by what they could now achieve with little effort in battle that they wanted to increase their training even more. Even Everett started training, with his mate receiving therapy for her grief he wanted to make sure he was also ready to protect her.

And where the bodies of the dead rogues were burned pyres where put in place with the same red fire burning every night for a week and Kayden ordered they be lit every full moon as well. He didn't say why, but I have an idea that it's to honor Loiza and the tactics she shared with us, which now ensure our own survival.
###chapter 84: The Ying and Yang of the Seas
Loiza's POV

Today I have finally earned my High Priestess title! I had spent so much time working on it under Yaya's tutelage that it felt like forever, yet it was easier to achieve than my basic Priestess training. To be fair, getting the basics from nothing and at that age is so much harder, you are learning from scratch while for higher ranks you must only increase your focus, your intuition and determination on what you already know.

Dana, Yaya's daughter and Handmaid gave me a little whoop and helped me undress to enter the natural spring pool in the Eastern Cardinal Temple which Yaya serves as Guardian. It completes the ritual of my ascension, yet suddenly I felt a burning sensation on my back below the Guanín tattoo in the middle of my spine and then it was gone. I got out of the water and Yaya was surprised.

"Yaya what the fuck happened to my back?!" I wanted a mirror and Yaya took me to one and gave me another to look.

"Izzy, the Goddess has Blessed you with another Mark!" I still don't know how to control the one Gaia gave and now I'm given another? I AM turning into a damn bulletin board!

As the Guanín medallion tattoo is in my upper back right below my neck, this one was right below on the middle of my spine. It was composed of five symbols from top to bottom: it started with a circle then a triangle pointing up with a horizontal line at the top of it, under that another triangle pointing up, this one with no line. Under that another triangle pointing down with no line either and ending with a forth triangle pointing down mirroring the first one with a horizontal line just above the part that points down.

"Mother, those are the alchemy symbols! Alpha, the Goddess seems to wish to enhance your abilities!" At least Dana seems exited.

"Yaya, what on Earth does this mean?" I keep looking at it. Sure EVERYONE come with a Sharpie and write whatever on me!

"I don't know Izzy, I haven't seen this happen before but I wouldn't worry, as Dana says, it's a Blessing!" She says as Dana helps me put on a white linen tunic with v-neck in the front and back with long sleeves and a black line in the middle going from top to bottom. It's so light and comfortable.

"So your just guessing?" I ask. She just shrugs.

"Maybe it's because you're an Alpha?" She answers not paying any mind to it.

"Maybe?! Yaya take a picture of it and send it to Moira for inspection in the library at Avalon! I want to know of any records of any Priestess, or anyone for that matter who was Blessed by the Goddess with these symbols." These symbols are actually already on my body, inside the seven pointed pentagram tattoo to ward of possession by any entities. They are the triangles that represent the four Cardinal Corners.

"As you want Izzy but I still wouldn't worry." Me? Worry? Nah!

"Anyway Yaya, as we said, we will start with our Prime Priestess training with Sumayah after I have given birth, ok? I'm taking a break from training for now." She gives me a warm smile and a hug. Her black box braids and and dark cinnamon skin smelling of jazmine reminding me of the day I returned from Avalon and she helped guide me on my duties and assuring my family my silence would subside. It has served as a scent of comfort that my steps were still being guided.

"Agreed, with all the new members the Temples are receiving many visitors and I have to focus on my duties. I also have to tell Moira that we all need more Handmaids to assist in all the Temples. With a growing population we need more help." Yeah, Ayana was already complaining about the lack of help and with worshipers coming from Atabex City, she could really use it.

"I recommend that you have the others with you when you do, so you have power in numbers. If not link me up and I'll send Bayo over to deal with her." She takes my face in her hands with her warm smile.

"You have done so well Izzy, I am very proud of you." Oh boy, don't cry.

"Yaya please don't feed my ego, with my hormones as they are, it will go to my head!" She slaps one of my cheeks playfully.

"Not what I wanted but fine... Thank you ladies, I have to go, see you soon!" And I get in the car back home. Besides a hefty lunch, I want to visit the shrines to change the flowers and then check on today's report.

After lunch I go to the garden with the usual roses for each Goddesses, give thanks for whatever it is that was slapped on my back and pray for guidance to use it. I decided to go back to the lagoon and enjoy the salty water. I take off my tunic and go in the water and the temperature is very nice for early December. And I see her--them... Oh whatever!

Queen Pasha swims up to me, I don't move from my spot and she circles me like a shark. I put my hand under water signaling for her to quit the game and get the fuck above water. And she complies.

"Queen Pasha, greetings." I say walking towards the shore to sit yet still deep enough that my body is almost fully submerged. And she follows, yet still not very close.

"Alpha Loiza." Ah! Well what do you know? A greeting! Sorta.

"You have come to visit. How can I help you?" Damn I could go for salted caramel gelato. She cocks her heads at me.

"Something is new in your scent." It better, I just became a High Priestess.

"How so?" A star fish starts walking over my foot and I stay very still as to not disturb it's path. Pasha observes this.

"I do not know. You are full of riddles... The sea is attracted to your presence." I'M full of riddles?

"Hmm." I am not engaging until she gets to the damn point.

"My people are enjoying the time on shore. They like the gifts the children give them and them playing with their hair. The also like this thing called helado? Some young men gave some to a few of my sisters." Wow, full sentences!

"I am glad they are enjoying themselves, have you been to the beaches yourself?" She looks confused, shit, I guess she really doesn't go out much.

"I am here." Touchè.

"Good point." Can't argue with that.

"You are close to welcoming your pups." She says pointing at my pretty big stomach and popped belly button.

"Yup, they are supposed to arive next month. Do you have offspring of your own?" She looks down.

"I am Queen, I have no eggs." This is like pulling teeth!

"Ok, Your Highness let's do this. You can just call me Loiza, I'll call you Pasha and we will have conversation with full sentences and no bullshit. You say that I am full of riddles, let's you and I get rid of riddles and cryptic incomplete chit chat, I am sorry that you have no eggs or if it's a positive thing I am glad you have no eggs. But I AM pregnant and my hormones are affecting my mood lowering my patience. I don't want to be rude but this is getting on my nerves. It will be be our little secret and no one has to know, yes?" I feel better now.

"Loiza I have no eggs because it is not my job to reproduce, my job is to keep balance for the Goddess according to her phases." All it took was was for me to tell her to drop the bullshit, I am going to have to do that more often!

"Well that's interesting information, there were mermaids in Avalon, yet they are even more shy than unicorns, yet the unicorns would allow for us to go near them. So I don't know much about your people like reproduction or if helados could make you sick, although it is a refreshing sherbet. Recommend your sisters not to eat to much, it can give stomach aches if you eat to much... I could go for some right now though." She sits next to me, each entity to each side of me.

"Mermaids with eggs lay an egg this big." And she makes a round shape the size of a softball. "They leave it in a special place only they know and wait for a sea creature to fertilize it, according to the sea creature is the features we inherit." Interesting.

"So it's like Sybil. She was fertilized by an eel?" She smiles and nods.

"Exactly." She says.

"And if I may ask? How were you fertilized? And do you think as one or have individual thoughts?" I totally went there.

"I was fertilized by Selene herself and she split my mother's egg so that I help her keep balance in the ocean. According to the phases of the moon I help the tides be as they should. Whether she wants them to be high or low, and yes I think as one but one aspect of me heightens the tides as the other lowers it." Ok, so Selene is her father? This is progress... In a way.

"So you are basically the embodiment of ying and yang keeping this oceanic balance?" That's what she makes me think of.

"Precisely, that's why I have no eggs. I embody both feminine and masculine, dark and light. I must work on balance so I have no time to care for little ones." Ok here goes nothing.

"Ok Pasha that's peculiar information I had no idea of. So I guess my next question, and again I mean no offense. What would happen to balance if one of your entities were to die, say by accident?" That star fish sure took it's sweet time.

"Then balance shall be lost until another is born. Balance always finds it's way to rapidly recalibrate." Thank the Goddess!

"Blessed Be! I was afraid balance would be lost. But would the next one have to wait for a certain age to be able to bring balance?" She looks a little sad.

"Yes it would take a year for balance to return." WHAT?!

"A YEAR?! And are you well guarded, do you need extra protection?!" I say looking around to verify if anyone heard this VERY sensitive information and if she is being guarded! And she laughs at my suddenly paranoid expression!

"Great, you can laugh! Pasha don't mention that information EVER out loud! If the wrong people heard it could mean chaos!" I am still looking around to make sure.

"I am protected, I have been so for 3,000 years." What?!

"Well I guess you are then, still don't mention it... EVER!" She looks at me curiously.

"You seem afraid." Yeah, no shit!

"Pasha, there are people who wish to destroy balance, some people WANT chaos to rule, even if it's just for a year. And they might even go so far as to search for the new one to destroy her too!" I whisper shout at her.

"I didn't know some wanted chaos." I look at her shocked, 3,000 years old and she is this naïve?

"Pasha you need to get out more, you should see what evil surrounds us! Actually I take that back, stay hidden and as safe as possible!" She is thoughtful.

"You will tell no one, yes?" Duh!

"We agreed that we speak in secret, I will only share what you allow, but this I can't share! I am to also help bring balance! No one must know! Does Poseidon protect you?" And suddenly it tasted HORRIBLE in my mouth from a moment I thought I was going to throw up! Just the thought of him! She scoffs.

"Thank you for your warning I will never say it again. You may share how we reproduce, some land males think we need them for this for some reason. And Poseidon maybe a god of the ocean but he doesn't care for balance! He has lived his way to feed his lust and joy only. He is a god but his power is limited. Just like the Great Mother can't control what those who harm the planet she tries to protect." I have definitely have heard of the lust of many gods and not caring for the consequences of it.

"I guess you are right about that, look at what happened to poor Medusa because he couldn't control himself and Athena was unfair. They are entitled and self serving." She shows me the Opal ring I gave Sybil.

"We need more, it works underwater." Um.

"Pasha those are for citizens of the island, I gave that to Sybil to test it underwater and it's range. They are not cheap, if you want some for your people, the artisans and technicians that make them must be paid." Giving them away would affect Maco and Gadiel's profit margin. She thinks for a moment.

"I will bring gold and jewels to pay, but I need 14,000 of them, I will return tomorrow with treasure to pay, yes?" 14,000?!

"Come tomorrow and we will see what you got and offer a deal for the numbers you ask and a technical engineer who can test it's range, deal?" And I offer my hands to shake on it.

"We don't pour blood?" And now I laugh!

"No, this isn't a Blood Oath, it's just a simple business deal. Do you understand the difference?" And she smiles.

"I understand the difference, I guess I do have to get out more." Ugh!

"No Pasha! You're to remain safe!" She looks around.

"I am safe here with you, yes?" I smile.

"As long as I am here I'll make sure no harm comes to you, but we will never mention out loud that very special secret, EVER! Understood?" And she takes my hands and we shake on it.
###chapter 85: Code Name "The Mouth"
Ayiti's POV

By the Goddess! Gloria still can't prepare a proper report to save her life! Why doesn't she let Ameyro write them? I trained him myself and knows how to redact one! It's missing so much information... Meh, I'll just head over to HQ!

OPIA HQ's building is downtown Itiba City it's always been a beautiful cylindrical building with extreme security. I've always retained my Top Priority Security clearance, I ran the damn thing for over 30 years! I log in security and everyone says hello. I used to love this job, but it was correct to allow new blood to run it, I personally wanted Ameyro to be Director but Gloria had higher marks on the test and has always had a very good calculating mind for this job. She was my top field agent for many years and since she never found her mate, she basically lived there.

I need to talk with Natalia and the others to let them know that I am alive and to know about their mission and this other gibberish in the report to allow Víctor to do diplomatic work for another interested pack in Uruguay and another in Brazil. He is a gifted spy, excellent at interrogating and a skilled assassin but diplomat? He can barely get along with people HERE!

"Director Gloria!" I just barge in to MY old office, ugh! Who did she get to decorate this?

"Councilwolf Ayiti! How can I assist you today?" He he! She sounds aggravated. Ameyro and Claudia look like they are giving her today's reports. I sit at one of the chairs at the desk.

"Well Director I did tell you I would come! I would like to be connected with Natalia through a secure channel please." She glares at me and Claudia offers me something to drink.

"Please Claudia, some black coffee would be nice, none of that watered down crap, either something locally grown or if there's none I would take a good Colombian or Sumatran blend, thank you dear!" And she started to hustle.

"Well Ayiti in the report I sent---" Stop right there.

"Look Gloria, you are very good at being Director and you were my top field agent with an impecable record. That's why you sit in the big girl chair now, but in the future please allow Ameyro to write the reports that will be sent to my office, I will definitely appreciate it!" She's not looking happy, but what are you going to do?! And Claudia brings me the cup of coffee, ah nice! From the Batey District!

"So Gloria about that secure line?" She sighed.

"Fine, come with me!" I can hear her teeth grinding... And I wink at Ameyro and he gives me a knowing smile shaking his head.

We go to the long range comms department and she orders one of the communication agents to patch me through. I finish my coffee while they connect, if it's very isolated it can take up to an hour, but I learned to be patient of such things. Yet the connection went though quite quickly and Lola answers.

"Mami?! Oh my Goddess, we thought you were dead!" They still hadn't informed them that I was alive and well.

"Yes mija, I'll tell you about it later, how are the negotiations going over there?" We usually try not to disclose location even though secure channels. Try being key word.

"I'll put Talia on you know how I hate this shit!" That's my girl!

"MAMI?! Holy shit it's really you, we thought you were with Tío Ayato and were dead too! The French and Sardinians were going through exactly what's going on here, it looks like The Council is targeting potential low security packs for resources! The attacks are very well coordinated especially since they are using rogues. The pack here are rogues themselves but wanted to unite since lots found mates among each other and the large extended families didn't want to be separated. They don't have any official Alpha and just want to live without daily fucking attacks. They want out and agree to all terms, there's another pack in The Gambia who's uncle is Alpha to the mate of the leader here and their having the same problem. It's a good thing you contacted us just today since we are all packing and heading that way at first light to The Weer Pack, it's not large, about another 800, but since they live behind large walls it has helped them survive. They're tired of survival and Modou, he's the leader here convinced Alpha Dawda to meet. We will be taking a longer route but it has proven secure. If we move at top speed all day we could be safe within the walls by tomorrow night, but since we move with pups and elders we might reach there by the next morning. Umbros has already checked them all and they are clear, if everything checks out with The Weer and Alpha Dawda agrees to terms we will need pick up ASAP. Unlike the French and Sardinians they would only be about 1,400 give or take total. Tell Izzy to send the planes, fuck the boats! These people are beat Mami, they really need out like yesterday! How's everything back home, I hear it's better than back to normal, and woah talks about Izzy are going around, but I could use a break and go back home, Lola is driving me nuts with her complaining!" And THAT'S why I wanted to hear it from her!

"Everything here is well mija, focus on your mission, I will talk directly with Iza about the pickup. Do you remember the back channel code I gave you?" Make it short.

"Yes." She answers. Atta girl! I trained that girl myself to report everything in one breath if possible, unfortunately it stuck and sometimes she will just go on if uninterrupted.

"Ok, contact Gloria when you reach The Weer Pack and are safe. Get transport for the pups and elderly, but have the Warriors flank the vehicles try to get there by TONIGHT at all costs. What have I told you about finding transport?" She shouldn't be moving out on foot with pups.

"Aquire by any means." Damn right!

"So get it done, send me coordinates through the channel I told you, it's old but never been decoded, I will report it to Izzy to send pick up directly there, make sure there is a runway for the planes and have everyone ready to move out regardless if The Weer take the deal or not. You know what to do if the pickup is at night right?" C'mon girl.

"Light the runway, I need the exact schematics for the sizes for the planes." And suddenly I think we can even do better.

"Talia, you guys know how to fly Douglas C-133 Cargo Masters or Airbus A400M Atlases, right?" An idea pops in my head.

"Affirmative!" Of course they do!

"There's a military base I know of in Gambia. Send me the coordinates of the pack so I can map out a route to get you there safely and just take them! We still will be standing by just in case. What do you think?" Gloria is just in shock. He he! It feels like old times!

"I'm sending coordinates now, standing by for confirmation." Gloria is checking the coordinates. And we have satellite visual! I knew that fucking satellite would be very useful! Thank you for the lift Americans!

"Ok mija, we have eyes on you and your destination, I'm sending you a GPS route that is best to get to the pack and coordinates for a nearby base were you will be able to get more secure transport, they won't expect over 1,000 warewolves taking over and we will disrupt their satellite to give you cover and in the end it will just be an urban legend as usual, copy?" This will work.

"Roger that! I have visual, we'll go with that plan, just make sure we have cover and we'll handle the rest, thanks Mami. We'll see you soon!" Soon!

"I'll be right here mija, remember to use the back channel if you encounter any emergency. We have eyes on you and Goddess speed!" Yes, they will need it.

"Roger that! Code name The Mouth out, over!" This shouldn't be a problem for them at all.

"Now what's this bullshit of using Víctor as a liaison Gloria?!" I don't like this plan.

"Ayiti he's an---" Ugh!

"An excellent agent for espionage and one of our best assassins we've got but he's no diplomat! Isn't there anyone else in the vicinity?" She shakes her head.

"We called most field agents after the blast, that's how we found Admiral Casimar's brothers and why the original rendezvous was in Belize, most agents in Central and South America reached it on time before heading back. But Víctor's mission was top priority, so he stayed, sure he sucks at diplomacy, but THEY reached out to him and he has our terms. He has been ordered to talk as little as possible and not disclose his main occupation." Shit!

"Gloria with him leading this mission, ALONE, it could go south pronto! That boy's head is thicker than my ass!" We could end up with more enemies!

"I am aware of the risks Ayiti, but they are in the same boat as the packs Natalia is dealing with, rogues in these numbers with such coordinated attacks over the globe... When in YOUR tenure have you heard of such a thing?" Never, especially not in different countries. I rub my temples and sit.

"Even the other night Blood Moon was heavily attacked by every border, we're lucky we weren't there!" Wait what?

"The Alpha's mate was attacked? That wasn't even in that shitty report! You don't think this is information that the Alpha would want?! How many casualties?" The FUCK?!

"Easy Ayiti, it was two nights ago and I just got the report this morning! There were only two casualties. It seems Alpha Kayden is more capable than we gave him credit for... Claudia bring the report to Councilwolf Ayiti." Claudia gets it and hands it over. See! A well written report! And damn! She's right! The attack was coordinated yet they were very prepared!

"I thought they used regular warriors as patrols, Braka's mate was one and she's a Delta. It says here they changed it up to Epsilons! And he united with another pack? And a witch! From the report I got from him he seemed like an idiot, the boy is changing his tactics to... OURS!" He's tapping into their Bond, but it would take more than a Bond to rearrange a pack that size so fast! What did you do Izzy?

"Director I will be back in 24 hours, if you receive ANY report from Natalia you are to link me at once! Instruct Víctor to be on his best damn behavior and get this DONE! Tell him he will have desk duty for a YEAR if his attitude fucks this up! I will be keeping this WELL WRITTEN report and take it to the Alpha at once. We'll stay in touch... Toodles!" Did she share our tactics? Either way she would want to know.
###chapter 86: The Mermaid Account
Loiza's POV

We were at the lagoon, Maco brought a third of the order Pasha made for the rings and Holy Hades, she brought A LOT of treasure. 

"Maco, what do you think? Queen Pasha, by the Goddesses, I think you over did it!" She gives me a knowing smile, in private we are Pasha and Loiza, in front of our respective people we are Alpha Loiza and Queen Pasha. I gave her a wink so she knows we're in understanding.

"Your Highness we can hand you a third of your order today, another next week and the remainder the week after that, we were definitely not expecting such a large order. But my sister is right only a tenth of all of this will cover your order." And Phoebe linked me this is a snippet of what they have!

"Your Highness, we will keep the amount my brother said, but you can take everything else back." She cocks her heads.

"I will be able to contact the Alpha with this ring, yes?" She asks looking at the coffers of rotting wood.

"Oh yes your Highness, you will be able to contact anyone who has a ring as well and we are still collecting the data from Sybil's ring, so far the range reached Venezuela, right Sybil?" Maco asks the mermaid.

"Yes Maco I reached Margarita Island, I also swam the other way and the range reached Georgia." He looks at the ring and writes some notes on his tablet.

"Thank you for this favor Sybil! I'll input the data, keep the ring and if you can give us more data we are willing to add updates on them should we find ways to increase the range and any technical support should they fail just bring it here and have someone else contact us and we will repair it for you." Sounds like a good deal, Sybil's information is valuable to us, improving our technology is vital.

"So your not keeping all of this?" Pasha asks looking at 15 coffers full of gold and gems of all types and they were careful not to include silver.

"No Your Highness, the price was met and we don't steal from allies, but we will need time for the rest of the order, deal?" I ask.

"No." She says. Huh?

"If you want the whole order you can take it all back and return in three weeks, we will have the complete order by then. And we thank you for the information, it's very valuable to us." Maco says as he puts the ring on a sensor on his tablet taking all the data from it before returning it to Sybil.

I get in the water and go close to Pasha and signal to talk in private telling those with me to go far and Pasha does the same. Hell they'll still be able to hear something!

"Pasha what's wrong? It's a fair price." I whisper to her.

"Loiza, it's heavy and bothersome." Huh?

"You're talking about the coffers?" And she nods. 

"I'm sorry but by the Goddesses Pasha, that is A LOT, I am not going to steal from you!" We keep talking in whispers.

"Will that help keep the shores nice and pay for things my people want like the helados? We don't want to take it back, plus we have more and we don't have use for it. Could we swim up the rivers and explore with safety?" Well this is unexpected.

"CAN you guys go in sweet water, and I thought you guys live on human flesh?" She nods.

"We can roam any water, but it's dangerous in other places. Keep that and my people can buy with their word anything and roam the waters of Karaya and we eat humans, but we can eat anything else, we want to try what you eat, we have a deal, yes?" That's enough to buy them a lot!

"Ok, let's do this, your people will use the rings like debit cards. Can your people read numbers?" And I call Phoebe over. And I explain the situation. 

"We can read numbers both Roman and Arabic." I look at Phoebe. And Phoebe goes to Maco and explains and he looks up and chuckles and tells us to come over.

Pasha and I go to the shore. And Maco has this goofy smile and shaking his head.

"Queen Pasha, we can put an encryption inside your particular rings so your people can use it as sort of a debit card. We will serve as basically a bank for YOUR treasure and I will codify it to our own systems so you don't have to carry the gold and such and that way your people will be able to use the rings to buy anything until the treasure is depleted but I will have to take these rings back to add the correct coding, is that okay?" She looks at her sisters and they all seem happy with the deal.

"To swim up the rivers we will keep 15% as tax allowing you to swim were you please, but the same rules apply as to salt water shores, and for holding your money, making you partial citizens of Karaya, is that a fair trade?" She scratches both her heads. What now?

"Can we bring all of it and you add it to our debit? We can't buy anything with it anywhere anyway. And we can also keep helping with the range of the rings, they are more valuable to us than all of that." Well this was a turn...

"Your Highness, keep one so that you can contact the Alpha when you bring everything and she will let you know when the whole order with the add ons for the debit system allowing all of you to have fun shopping is ready, what do you think?" And she gave a large smile.

"Yes! We have a deal, we will continue to bring everything, including silver, you could use it for those who are not allergic or for punishment, we have no use for it and in a month we have all our rings, yes?" Maco nods and gives his assistant his tablet and extends both hands to seal the deal, Pasha knows what to do and they shake on it. And she and I shake.

"I will order that your people not be harmed inland and that you guys will soon be shopaholic mermaids with cash to spend, so don't be surprised if people come up to you, they will be looking to sell you just about anything! Don't make any shopping deals until you get the rings and try to get good bargains. I will also put out an order so that you are given fair prices and not get duped, stealing among our own and allies is frowned upon, but there are a few idiots who I wouldn't get it past them." Maco gives Pasha her ring basically as a sample now and she looks so happy with it! 

"I will call Alpha Loiza when we bring everything, but that will take time as well, so every time we bring treasure--" I lift my finger.

"Every time you make a DEPOSIT to your account!" And she understands.

"Oh, I see! So every time we make a DEPOSIT to our account we will call, yes?" Shopping mermaids with a very large account! This is to funny.

"And remember Your Highness, that also pays for the fines we talked about in the original contract. But again, I hope you all use your money for enjoying yourselves and not paying for breaking the law, agreed?" I see her look back at her sisters with scorn.

"No law will be broken! We have a deal tell everyone. Any who breaks the treaty risks banishment, yes?" She tells her people.

"Yes my Queen!" They say in unison. This will definitely be a huge boost to the economy! We have gold to melt and mint coins and the rest of the treasure we will definitely make use of it. But I link to Maco that this debit ring system is a good idea for everyone. He agrees and makes notes for changing the ring system and making it compatible with the banking system.

"If you bring other items from ships we can see if they are worth anything to the Anthropology Department at The University and we will definitely give you credit for it. My brother will make cameras so that you can record the wrecked ships so that we have as much information of them as possible of them, some might be interested in joining with expeditions if you guys serve as guides! We like to keep a museum with interesting things of our people and things that happened in our waters! How's that for an extra deal with adventure added!" Pasha couldn't stop nodding and the others got closer to see the ring that soon each will have and then I get the link from Tía Ayiti.

'LOIZA ANANI MIRABAL REAL!' Uh oh... It's NEVER good when you get called by your Tía or any parent for that matter by your WHOLE name, even my middle name! Shit! What did I do?!

"Uh, guys I have to go now. Maco keep explaining the features, tech support and add a warranty. Phoebe stay with them, ok?" 

"Yes Alpha." She responds with a little knowing smile.. damn it!

"Queen Pasha I am sorry, I really have to go now, ask my brother any questions you have!" I go upstairs knowing that I'm going to get it bad! I may be Alpha, but my Tía and Isla still hold a certain power over me... Shit! This is humiliating!
###chapter 87: Extraction
Loiza's POV

I find Tía Ayiti in her office and orders me to sit, and sit immediately feeling like I'm 3 again.

"Tía, did something happen?" And I notice I'm fidgeting with my thumbs, always a sign that I'm nervous. I stop, I'm the damn Alpha here! And I sit straight putting a solemn face.

"Why are you soaking wet?! You're ruining my chair!" She asks.

"It's a long story and YOU told me to sit! Why am I here?" I answer.

"Your mate's pack was attacked two nights ago." I feel sick suddenly, like REALLY sick. I fear the worse.

"Did anyone survive?" I ask looking down afraid of what her eyes might tell me.

"Only two casualties, his defenses were impeccably organized." And I raise my face at the smack on her desk of the report. I open it in a hurry and read it.

"What do you think of his strategy?" I want to smile, he studied carefully!

"I think it's good, oh look and he got rid of that broken altar! Nice, a shrine..." And she taps a claw on her desk. I keep my head on the report.

"Loiza, what did you do?" I close the report.

"What are you accusing me of exactly Tía?" I am Alpha, I am Alpha...

"Did you share our secrets with him?" I stand up.

"I left two of MY books with MY notes in my Priestess cloak, what of it?!" I don't have to fucking explain myself, I didn't do anything wrong!

"Your books, which books?" Is THIS why I'm here?

"I left The Prince and The Art of War with my notes, and the Greek Alphabet code, nothing more! He is my MATE! We left with over 400 of his pack and I entered his head like YOU thought me to for the good of the pack, blocked my end of the Bond to continue my duties! So WHAT if I left something to help him grow up and keep hope that I may see him again?! And look! He HAS been studying and reinventing his pack and educating his people. I am not sorry for what I did, is there anything else?!" I keep my glare on her projecting my dominance! This is ridiculous, I'm being scolded like a child over BOOKS?!

"He built a shrine and is making summoning rituals, how did he get that information?" The FUCK?!

"How the fuck should I know? Why don't you ask the spy that Gloria CLEARLY left to have such DETAILED information?! And HERE!" I open the report again... "He is hosting a WITCH! For all your years of Director, it didn't occur to you that's how he knows? I told you the truth out of the love and respect I have for you but you will not speak that way to me again, do I make myself CLEAR?!" She smiles at me.

"Well you sure told me ALPHA!" Ugh!

"We are DONE here!" And I start to leave.

"I talked with Talia..." I stop immediately.

"What does she report?" She stands making me look at her.

"Please sit Loiza, the attack to Kayden's pack is not the only one, he was just smart enough to pay attention to your message." I sit and she tells me everything.

"When will the operation take place?" Natalia and Lola are good pilots. Umbros, not so much.

"Hopefully in 21 hours." I want to be there. I link Bayoán and Ura and tell them. It's been over a year since I was in the field, the plan was good but Umbros worries me, his fear of flying gets in the way of him piloting. I had to take main chair once from him, to be fair it was an old plane and he couldn't deal with the slipstream effect. I still can't believe he passed the test.

"Tía I'm going to get ready, Bayoán, Ura and Freya are coming too. Contact Gloria, I want the pups and the young with Lola and Talia, the rest go with Umbros, I hope I don't have to explain myself." She looks down.

"No... It's the smartest decision, I was thinking the same." Good, I touch my stomach and it already hurts to now that something might happen to them.

"Also, hack into that base's main computer, I want intel on everything they have; and for Goddesses sake, Víctor?! Couldn't she have sent someone else?" It's good he's always in the field, the less he's on the island the better. The scent of water lilies invades my memory...

"Those packs are going through the same Izzy, again your mate survived because he studied your strategies... OUR strategies" I even saw him apply them to chess. I even allowed Aryn to tell Deacon I was reading the Bhagavad Gita.

"Bullshit! Those strategies are MY OWN! Who's the spy inside?" He's putting the Epsilons right at the borders, good move!

"Joey, she was using All Truth potion to get in with Half Moon to counteract the Truth spell this witch Endora used." Sound plan.

"I'll meet you here in 9 hours, I need a nap. Wake me if there is any change, and I want more information on this witch." Josephine is a Master at acquiring information without raising any suspicion, it was a smart move to get her in.

On the way to my room I tell Aryn to tell Deacon I am reading Utopia and Carl von Clausewitz's On War.' I read them years ago but I still know them and remember my notes. 'Aryn dictate my notes point by point if needed, Thomas More has sound ideas yet writes a lot of stupid bullshit too and Carl von Clausewitz is pretty much on point.' 'So now you want to talk?' 'Nope, the books I left Kayden saved him and Deacon both, I'm just trying to give them more tools. Just do it!' 'Despite the Block you love him, why not forgive?' 'Shut up and do what I said, do you want to keep them alive or not?!' And I feel her go to task.

I woke up feeling more relaxed, took a warm shower put some prego jeans a black t-shirt, calf high boots and and a black hoodie. Isaura again insisted on braiding my hair but I insisted on no embellishments. I met up with everyone, and brought Ayana in case we did need a portal, she could only send 10 wolves. I asked Braka for the ten strongest, I said that in any case I could go in as back up, but it was dismissed instantly. Yahir was going and he told Sumayah, so she volunteered to serve as backup. A Prime Priestess can indeed create a lot of damage, so 9 warriors and a Prime Priestess standing by. They would have to return in the planes, sending 10 was Ayana's limit for now, and the team did have 3 who knew how to fly. I was feeling better about this already.

Natalia and her group reached The Weer safely and were now negotiating with Alpha Dawda. It was taking too long... What the fuck?!

"Gloria patch me through to Natalia." She connects me to Talia.

"Mouth this is Raven do you copy?" And then I hear her.

"Loud and clear Raven it's good to hear your voice, over!" She knows when to make it short.

"Mouth we have eyes on you, why are you not on the move, over?!" They are 35 minutes over the projected window.

"It's Alpha Dawda, he doesn't like the idea of a female Alpha, over!" Are you fucking kidding me!

"Mouth, connect me to Dawda now!" This is bullshit!

"He can hear you Raven, over!" I am not putting my own kin at risk for misogynistic bullshit.

"Alpha Dawda, this is Alpha Loiza, your window to leave has passed if you want out it must be NOW!" And he's online.

"I do not accept the terms, our pack has never been lead by a woman! You may be my Luna if---" Fuck that!

"Dawda I AM ALPHA HERE! The terms are none negotiable, if you don't take them I won't risk the others any longer. Either you are ruled by a woman or stay there and keep surviving until you eventually die and then NO ONE will rule your pack because it's going to be eliminated. You have 30 seconds to make your choice, you and your people can come and be ruled by me or you can stay and die. If you do prefer to die I'll respect your choice! 30 seconds starting now!" What an idiot!

"Mouth, start count down! If his answer remains as a no you're to haul ass and bring the others to safety, do you copy?" His pride is going to kill them not the rogues!

"Roger that! My group is ready! Over!" 30 seconds.

It only took half! "Raven, the PACK accepted the terms and Dawda doesn't have a choice anymore! Some had already packed, we are heading out now! Over!" An Alpha who leads with out regards for his people is no Alpha!

"Roger that! We have eyes on you and standing by with backup, I'm connecting you back to The Head. Goddesses speed Mouth, Raven out!" I hand the comms back to Gloria and we watch and wait.

We can see them leave the compound and taking the route to the base and just when they are about two kilometers away Ura sees something.

"What's that?" He points to about four kilometers away from their right flank.

Gloria alerts them..."Mouth, there is threat approaching your right flank! Put more speed and Warriors to enforce it! Over!" She says calmly, she's always been good at reassuring us in the field. If we would hear any alarm in the pitch of her voice we knew we were in deep shit.

"Roger that!" And we see her team enforce their right. I link Braka and Ayana.

'General, have your team ready on my order!'

'As you command Cacique.' It's stressful and nerve wreaking but I forgot how much fun it was!

Bayo, looked more closely at the image... "Order the team to move NOW, look at the numbers!" And shit! There's hundreds!

'NOW Braka! And I want prisoners for interrogation!' 'Sumayah, block their path and rain fire on them!'

'As you say Alpha!' The portal opens and the team is there. Sumayah raises a stone barrier and some of the Warriors in Natalia's team join ours.

"Mouth stay on route to the base! Pick your choice, they have 7 transport planes to pick from, hold your position and stand by for the team! Hatuey, Susana and Arasibo are with them, so tell Umbros to take right chair. Over." Gloria instructs. Yeah, that will ensure a safe return for everyone!

The Warriors incapacitate five and take them as prisoners while Sumayah burns the rest to a crisp! Meanwhile Natalia's team reaches the base and human soldiers open fire. Without silver bullets her team makes fast work of them while Umbros instructs every one to board the three chosen planes. The soldiers start running from the sight of horse sized wolves ripping them to shreds. We made sure to kill their cameras and all satellite visual to the base from any country... They are clear!

The other team heads to the base to join Talia's group and they board the planes and everyone is in!

"Mouth here! We are ready for take off, we have disabled tracking devices. Over!" Fuck YEAH!

"Copy Mouth, we have visual, over!" Gloria responds with a huge smile on her face and we are all whooping and high-fiving as they take off! Blessed Be!

"We're coming home! Tell Domingo he better have my favorite waiting! Over!" Ha!

I take the comms... "Roger that! I will make sure of it Mouth! Raven out!" I should take about 6 to 7 hours for them to arrive. No wonder Tía and Gloria love this job! I sit back and let the tension wash over and can't help but smile.
###chapter 88: Terminated Insolence
Phoebe's POV

I stood next to my Queen in the throne room as has now become custom, she had returned my dignity and a place of power whereas my own people and family shunned me and didn't care if I lived or died. We have grown to understand each other's mind helping me give her as much insight that the blood in my veins of those who shunned me gave me. As fae/elf and mate to my beloved wolf Jacob I was able to join the Link and could silently give her the information that she needs, it's good to feel needed, it's good to feel respected, it's good to feel that she regards me as a dear friend. She soon will know that I too shall be a mother, not even Jacob knows, I just found out!

These new members stood before her and I could read that they had never seen anything like her, I felt proud to be a part of what she is building. Her regalness matched that of Queen Titania of the Seelie, yet not with the same level of arrogance of the uppity cunt.

To receive these new members Master Ximena dressed her in a blood red, low cleavage dress that had a bosom corset top to not touch her ever swelling belly. The sleeves were long geisha kimono style with earrings of a single large round ruby in each ear and The Guanín resting on her cleavage. Her hair was in it's intricate Queen's Braid that reached to the middle of back with beads of rubies here and there. Master Isaura made sure to give her a smoky eye makeup look, they wanted to show her as powerful, the Alpha of one of these packs had showed reluctance to a woman's rule.

And I did get that sentiment from some of the males, the one called Modou didn't care about it, his mate was pregnant and he wanted to protect her yet understood that he couldn't do it where they were without putting her at risk, yet some in his group were skeptical and Alpha Dawda wasn't liking it at all, he only gave in when his pack and his own son Yengiga deposed him right then and there.

"I welcome you all to Karaya Island and am glad the operation to extract you was a success." Loiza said yet giving Dawda a killing glare.

Modou and Yengiga stepped forward bowing their heads, they were grateful for the escape yet they oozed skepticism, I linked the feeling to Loiza... 'Gotcha' she responded.

"I'm aware that for some of you the mere idea of a woman being your Alpha is difficult, I understand your sentiment, it's indeed a rare thing. Our own people have had a limited amount of females who have held such title, yet here we are and this is MY rule. Yet if this is something that you can't accept, we will simply give you Forgetting Potion to take our location from your memory and send you on your way and you can choose your own destiny wherever you please. You're not our prisoners but our guests, yet for you to stay and to ensure the safety of MY OWN people, the terms of union to our pack and submission to me must be met. If not we will give you transport and you may go. The choice is yours."

The idea of leaving is scaring most of the people, since arrival to the airport they were able to see what this paradise is like in the half hour drive over to The Fort. They saw how free and happy the people are and how they go about their lives in peace not having to worry about constant attacks. Just that drive alone convinced the overwhelming majority that they wanted to stay and belong. I linked this sentiment to Loiza and she tapped her finger on her lap telling me that that she understood.

She stood up... "For those of you who do wish to stay this can be your home, after you're initiated into the pack you're basic needs like a hot meal, medical attention and housing will be met. We will also conduct a census of sorts so we know what your ranks are to determine which will be your strongest contribution to the pack."

The now ex Alpha Dawda stepped forward in front of Modou and Yengiga. "Do you think you can seduce my people with this place?! We have have existed for hundreds of years! My dynasty extends to before the colonizers came, we have might---" Loiza didn't let him finish, she went to him and shifted her right hand to her claw and slashed Dawda's face with a strong roar! Every new comer gasped and Dawda put his hands to his face and roared back at her, but she extended her hand towards him and lit him on fire for a short moment as to ensure he lived. Every single one of them knelt in submission any doubt of her power gone, every one of us were smiling

Dawda was on his hands and knees... "YOU DARE still have the balls to think of yourself as a leader of any kind?! YOU who put your people and those who risked their lives from Senegal to come to your aid in danger! YOU who because of your stupidity risked the lives of MY OWN KIN FOR YOUR FUCKING PRIDE?! You are not worthy of my mercy! You STILL LIVE NOW BECAUSE I ALLOW IT! You don't want to be led by a woman yet it's YOU WHO IS WEAK! You are so mighty yet had your people living behind walls, are you the dumbest cunt on the planet?! Your son and your people showed courage with their determination to survive and fight along our people to leave the life of misery YOU lead them to and STILL show disrespect in MY Court?!" Alpha Yengiga stepped forward.

"Mighty Alpha our people wish to stay please forgive my father, you speak truth! He has been incompetent for more time that I wish to accept, it's truly my fault. I should have made him stand down years ago when I noticed that he was not the same Alpha he once was. We accept all of your terms, swear submission to you and look forward to a life here. You are definitely nothing like we expected." He bowed his head in submission.

'He is sincere my Queen, he is absolutely in awe of your power and is actually fearful to be sent away, they all want to be lead by you and stay.' I inform her.

'And Dawda?' She asks.

'He is in shock but is furious.' Her claw goes back to being a hand.

"I ask you Alpha Yengiga, if you were me... What would YOU do to a Wolf like your father, whom was cordially invited to your territory and showed the disrespect he has shown here today in front of your people? Would YOU have granted mercy? I wouldn't lie if I were you, I WILL know!" I smile, she is putting his father's fate in his own hands in front of his people and exposing what kind of leader he would have been to them. If he says mercy he himself exposes that HE is weak! And he's REALLY thinking hard, but he KNOWS that if it would have happened to him, he would have killed him... I link this information to Loiza. 'Copy that.' She responds, she continues to glare at Yengiga.

"Do you usually take this long making simple decisions Alpha Yengiga?" He closed his eyes and sighs. She has put him on the spot and he can't defend his father anymore.

"I would have had his head for such an act Alpha." And she smiles at him.

"That's what I thought! And WHY would YOU have had his head?" General Braka's smile is priceless! It's so rare to see him have such a large smile.

"He has not only shown disrespect, but has proven he is untrustworthy and a threat to my people which is something I would not accept in my territory." He says weakly, he knows what his very own answer means for his father.

"Very wise indeed Alpha Yengiga, maybe your people would have not been in the situation they were if indeed you would have made a stronger move. I am glad you understand what must be done!" And once again her hand turns into a claw and with her water power lifts Dawda's body so that he is at the very least standing and with her claw slashes his head from his body ending him with her face unfazed.

"Now that this matter is over and done with do you all wish to remain in Karaya with me as your Alpha and submit to our terms?" She asks serenely her claw back to being a now blood covered hand.

Modou and Yengiga step forward again and no bowing heads now but they land on their knees... "We do mighty Alpha all of your terms shall be met and our people shall now be your people and I hope that Dawda's insolence shall not make us lesser in your eyes." Modou says.

"Very well, and don't worry, Dawda's actions are his own and that's how it shall remain, just take it as a warning that just because I am a woman doesn't mean I will tolerate stupid bullshit from anyone! Bring the chalice so that we may officially welcome our new brothers and sisters to the fold."

Miguelina, the head house keeper of The Fort, comes with a large bowl of water as Loiza goes back to the Dujo so that she may clean the blood from her hand and not pollute the blood she will spill. And the usual ritual takes place and we feel them enter the Link and many from the pack welcome them.

"Luna Isla, please escort our new people so that they may eat and get the care they deserve as Osupa." Luna Isla smiles.

"As you command Cacique!" And she escorts everyone to the grounds for the feast of Caribbean food and medical check ups that await them.

Loiza stays sitting in the Dujo looking at Dawda's lifeless body, she is thinking about how this could have been avoided.

"Loiza, forgive me but this had to be done. You calculated all your options, his mind was full of rage and could have tried to rally those who may not like you, to cause a greater tragedy. With this you only had to execute ONE person, with his own son's blessing, instead of many in the future." She closes her eyes knowing the truth of it.

"The Lady Phoebe is right Cacique. You did what must be done." Braka says.

"Tía, make sure Gloria instructs Víctor to be as CLEAR as possible with our terms to the packs that he will work to bring. I don't want to welcome any more members in this manner again, if they don't agree with a single term then I prefer to leave them to their fate, now if you excuse me, I'm all bloody and my boobs are killing me with this corset, I wish to be alone for a while. General, you know what to do." She is very tired and hungry and wants to visit the shrines.

"I do Cacique, it shall be done as usual and your orders with regards to the prisoners is being met." He assures. And she stands up to leave walking over Dawda's corpse and leaves.
###chapter 89: The Slow Torture
Urayoán's POV:

I could tell that Nina already had a headache and Izzy was going to fall asleep any minute. I can't blame her, being Twin Soul to Frey I was literally feeling what it was to feel pregnant, it's not fun. Frey was holding up because she was channeling my own strength, I can't wait to meet my pup but I am not looking forward to the birth. But tonight she was just annoyed, it's the first time she meets Natalia making The Circle whole again, she knew already what to expect, but seeing it play live is something else.

We sat at Izzy's balcony drinking and smoking a joint, maybe two like old times but Izzy and Freya opted for tea. As warewolves it wouldn't affect their pregnancy, but as expectant mothers they made the choices the hoped were best for their pups. Antoine and Talia were recounting the time when she was negotiating terms with them when we were still at Blood Moon.

"I always love going to France, before I met up with this bunch I went to Le Mont-Saint-Michel for the first time. I hadn't been able to go before because of other missions but I wasn't leaving France this time without visiting. Izzy and Ura had told me how nice it was, and oh my Goddess was it ever! It's so interesting how the tide works. Ura I know you are Twin Souls and all with Freya, but you have to take her, seeing it in person is so magnificent! I still have Machu Picchu on my bucket list because of you two, we don't need oxygen tanks do we? I mean you know cuz we're wolves or did you guys do the coca leaves? I really hope that a mission takes me to Perú soon, but I hope to have other muscle than Lola next time, I just couldn't deal with her constant complaining about her wanting to come back home, I mean Víctor may be an assh---"

"TALIA! Your doing it again girl! My head is about to fucking explode and look at the pregos! Take a breath dude!" Nina just snapped. And Antoine and I couldn't stop laughing.

"This is so much different sober." Izzy added massaging her temples.

"And weird hormones messing with your head..." Awe my poor mate. She was going after the birth to partake in The Circle and be inducted as a new member, she's basically a spectator right now.

"That would be the fog Frey." Izzy tells her.

"The what?" Izzy chuckles.

"Yeah, next time you see Nia ask her to tell you about it I don't have the brain for it now." She lies down on the couch putting her head on Natalia's lap and she starts playing with Izzy's hair.

"Well you can keep your fogs and I'll keep mine!" And Nina passes the joint over to Tony.

He takes a puff..."I find it fascinating that you can say so much without taking a breath Natalie, have you tried doing it underwater?" And Nina and Izzy find it funny. Frey is looking for that fog thing on her phone which she now uses to get as much information on pregnancy as possible."

"Hey Izz is it just called the fog?" She is really concerned about it.

"Search for pregnancy fog. It'll be there cuz humans get it too, I don't think Morgana has it, but just having to do THIS for 9 months is bullshit, I hope she gets a long break after." Izzy says with her eyes closed.

"Antoine I wouldn't be able to talk underwater! By the way I just found out about the deal with the mermaids, I always wanted to see one and now they have an account in our bank?! I thought they were dangerous and ate th---" Nina throws her flip flop at Talia. But she catches it.

"By the Goddess woman! You have been at it for two hours!" Nina shouts.

"Hey! You could have hit me! You're the most uncoordinated wolf on this island!" Izz says annoyed.

"Nina I have been over 7 months in the field with Umbros and Lola! I love 'em to death but not the funnest people to hang out with, not exactly masters in the art of conversation!" And she takes the joint and blows away from Izzy.

"And you think YOU'RE a master of conversation?" I tell her.

"Very, I should get a title for it--" And Frey gasps.

"This can't be! Izzy it says here that this fog makes us dumb and clumsy! I HAVE been doing stupid shit lately! I need to ask Daniella or Estefanía about this." And Izzy laughs.

"Yeah, they'll just tell you what you're already reading or maybe your just channeling to much of Ura's brain." She says yawning with a chuckle.

"Hey! My brain is in perfect shape! Don't blame me for you two being uncoordinated!" I just can't win!

"I don't think I'll find my mate, so that drops exponentially my odds for a fog. I thought I would find him or her in this trip but I didn't. I'm just glad Maco found his, sure it's totally a bummer how it happened but she's getting better right? I mean they at least Marked each other! And I heard she's doing good in therapy and she's allowing him to go with her. That's a good sign! I can't believe all the shit that happened at Blood Moon, that's totally whack as hell and the whole dead unicorn thing that's sick as fuck! Is that really the blood Mortiana used to mess with Mt. Cemí? It's jus--" Nina throws her other flip flop.

"NATALIA! For fucks sake your asking questions and not even waiting for the answers! Yeah that's the blood that sick, now headless bitch used." Nina shouts at her... That's usually how it goes.

"Don't worry about her Talia, the more you talk the less she can. But Gloria should have given you a report." Izzy tells her. And Nina just gives her the stink eye. We are not clapping back at her lately, besides being about to pop without her mate we really don't want to set off her powers, she'll get her's after she gives birth.

"Yeah, but Mami's right, Gloria can't write a report for shit so I barely read them I just ask around the Link. Is it me or the waves have gotten way stronger by The Fort than before I left?" She asks.

"We didn't use to live here remember? We lived in the house Maco's living in now." I tell her. "That's why you were the one to wait for us at the broken sentinel fort at the very end of the wall before." She thinks for a moment.

"Hey that's right! Nina where did you get this pot? But anyway yeah the waves are stronger, could it be the mermaids hanging out?" And she takes another puff and pases it to me.

"Actually the sea is quite serene while they're at shore, it's bumming the surfers out, they're trying to negotiate with them to at least keep Caney Beach off limits, and they said it was ok because they didn't want to mess with their fun." Frey adds still checking shit out on her phone.

"Seriously? Well that's interesting, I'll ask Pash-- Queen Pasha about it she didn't mention that effect on our shores and now that they are allowed to swim inland... I just don't want it affecting the eco system." Izzy gets very thoughtful... But yeah, I noticed that slip up. She told me about how she is all buddy buddy with the Mermaid Queen, but that she wanted to keep it under wraps. We have always shared most of our secrets and never pestered the other to go into anything that makes us uncomfortable.

"I just can't believe you're treating those prisoners so nicely. I mean they did try to fuck up our mission!" Talia says taking a sip of her wine.

"I have a plan and the sound shields are up in the cells so they can't talk with each other about getting their story straight. The way the cells in the dungeons are designed they should be somewhat comfortable." She says.

The dungeons here are really well designed... The old Kappas made them in the first floor at the other side of The Catacombs so each has a different entrance without disturbing the dead.

It has 50 cells and it's designed to be "L" shaped, you enter through the short part of the "L" which is darkest part that was reserved for vampires so they wouldn't get touched by the sun which enters through a four inch wide opening as the long as the long part of the "L" carved out from the rock of the cliff so the other prisoners weren't in darkness all the time, it's just bellow the roof so all they see is sky. The "L" shape makes sure that no cellmate can see the others, just wall. Each cell has a stone toilet that self flushes and a fresh water basin that flushes the water every day and more fresh water poured by pipes, also has a continuous Emi Esu drop that makes them hallucinate mildly just enough to keep them disoriented, it's carved from the stone itself too, so that they couldn't rip it from the wall and not subject the guards to the nasty smell. It has a bed also carved from the stone, it's hard and uncomfortable, but they don't have to be on the floor. Now there are cameras so guards don't even have to go down there.

With time, the bars of the cells for vampires got changed to emit UV light laced with vitamin D, the ones for fae and elves are made of cold iron and the ones for warewolves are made of pure silver so none go to the bars and try to mess with them. However the prisoners could still talk to each other, we didn't want that either. So when the soundproofing shields embedded inside the walls for rooms and balconies so no one could hear everyone's business was invented, it was also installed in the bars of the cells. The prisoners still get the ocean breeze through the light opening, the shield is just for sound. And when one prisoner is being questioned or tortured, the wall which is the only thing they can usually see, can be turned into a mirror by imputing the code from the control room so that the others could indeed see what was being done to the others to help losen their own tongue for when the moment came for their own interrogation.

Izzy sent the prisoners from this mission to be able to shower and given cordless basketball shorts and a shirt. And are being very well fed by sous chef's food, not gruel. She basically has them in solitary confinement. But the temperature there is actually pretty nice, and the cells are always kept clean. The food is put in the cells by a little door on the floor made of the same material as the bars. If they don't return the tray they don't get food, so they usually put it back.

"I want them to be sensitive enough from lack of being able to see or hear anyone yet by showing them a tiny bit of good will with the shower, the clothes and the awesome food to give them enough hope to think they might get out. But I need them in there for long enough time that they BEG to talk, so according to Bayoán's calculations it should be at least two weeks. I might leave them down there until after I give birth. That way they will be VERY disoriented. The guards are ordered to give a high enough level decibel sound blast if they even try to carve anything on the walls and no food for that day, taking their only source of hope away. Also I had Sandro send some of his students to study them and make notes on anything they say, especially names, if we have a healthy amount of information beforehand it will help with the interrogation. Still think I'm being nice cousin?!" All of our faces showed shock, Freya stopped fiddling with her phone and Nina started laughing.

"Damn Izzy that's simply Machiavellian! Remind me never to get on your bad side!" She says. I -I don't know what to think and Fray is trying to figure out if it was worse or better treatment than Marius. We are VERY social creatures, and she is taking EVERYTHING to socialize for a long period of time, usually interrogations happen the next day. She wants them there for almost a month!

"That's three weeks to a month Izzy! They'll go crazy by then!" Natalia says a bit horrified and Antoine gave a laugh after getting his bearings.

"Chèri, your sister is trying to compete with Hades himself!" He says with an impressed sound to his voice.

"It's not so bad the drip for the water will be changed everyday, one day Emi Esu and Tunu the next! I checked with Daniella and it should keep them sound enough... It'll be fine! Also the drip will be different for the youngest one, he will only get Tunu in his drip. He'll be the last to be interrogated to make sure he hears and sees the others, it's a plan B of sorts. I have verified and physical torture doesn't work, they'll just say anything! But if you mess with their head, yet give them a little something to give them hope they will want to talk. I just want to see if my theory works. Now everyone get the hell out, I am falling asleep here." She kicked us out!

"Hey! Same time tomorrow?" Natalia asked.

"OUT! That's to be determined I am not sure about having a Circle with me not partaking, I'll think about it. Now good night people!"
###chapter 90: Josephine's Mission
Kayden's POV

Marcus and I were reading Utopia and Carl von Clausewitz's, On War. Aryn was basically giving us a cheat sheet of Loiza's notes. Deacon was always happy when Aryn contacted him and so was I. But this is the first time she gives us her notes, and I really don't feel Izzy's reading anything. Did she order Aryn to help? Aryn refuses to say but I do feel like she's helping us, did she know about our attack?

Deacon told her anyway... show off! But she did tell him that attacks like the one we received were happening all over the world.

"He, he! Your mate sure has a way of talking smack about the author! Here Thomas More talks about premarital sex being punished by a lifetime of enforced celibacy and adultery being punished by enslavement. She just says: 'Fucking prude, enslave your own balls!'. She agrees with a lot of his ideas, which were radical for 1516, but she says his martyrdom could have been avoided yet respects someone who dies for what they believe. But she REALLY despises slavery and he has a weird affinity for it. Anyway, she does heavily agree with a lot of his ideas like not going to fruitless wars and deposing tyrants. And among others, More was a fan of Cicero. You were asking about him, right? I hadn't read this before how are you going with that one?" These books as insane!

"When do you suppose she found the time to study all of this?! From what I understand not only is she a Priestess, but has served as a diplomat and spy, Aryn says she is knowledgeable with different weapons, styles of combat, military strategy, for Goddess sake! She even knows how to operate different planes, helicopters, boats! She's only 19 years old and she's giving James Bond a run for his money! She's basically sending us to school right now and this is not even a fraction of what she knows! This is pretty embarrassing Marcus!" I was doing so much stupid shit at 19!

"I was thinking that if this is what she knows imagine Bayoán who is a Beta! I can't imagine the training Betas in Karaya go through! Again, no wonder The Council attacked them the way they did. Everett says his sources say they are expecting a declaration of war from them any day and Chairman Armand is nervous, he raised the number of his guards." Fucking cowards! Everyone knows that attacking Karaya Island is suicide. I wonder if she's ok, have they been able to rebuild? With more joining them they must have a system...

We get a knock at the door... One of the new members from Everett's pack comes in with a bottle of the scent repellent spray.

"Alpha, I would like to speak with the maker of this spray. My Pops was a skilled herbologist and taught me much about his craft and there might be a way to improve upon this mix to hide the scent fully not just merely mask it a bit. With your permission I would like to try a different blend." Ok I'm interested.

"What's your name?" She's an Epsilon patrol, of course she would want to be fully invisible.

"My name is Josephine, Alpha! Nice to finally meet you!" She says cheerfully. She's very young.

"Hey! You're the one who sounded the alarm for the North border, good eyes!" Marcus says. She gives a big smile.

"My Pops used to say I was a wolf with eagle eyes, Beta!" She says with a little blush.

"Marcus give Endora a call so she can examine what Josephine knows, they might come up with something better than what we have, ok?" If we can make them completely invisible it will lower any risk of them being attacked by surprise.

"Yeah, sure! That would be awesome!" He links someone to find Endora.

"You talk about your father in past tense, has he passed away?" Poor kid. And she lowers her gaze, shit! I hit a nerve.

"He was killed in the attack before the last one, but I'm ok Alpha, his teachings have served me well." I wonder.

"Was he an Epsilon, too?" For herbology Chis are the best.

"No sir, he was a Chi, my Moms was the Epsilon, but she taught us both a thing or two. Just like my Pops called me the wolf- eagle, he said she was the wolf-owl!" Does she have anyone?

"So your mother is gone, too?" She gives a sad smile.

"We used to belong to another pack out West, but they were eradicated, I was 12 but because my Moms was brave we were able to get away. My Pops wasn't the same after that so we moved to Half Moon... We lived far from everyone, we even learned sign language to communicate. He didn't want to hear anyone's voice, he kept the pack Link blocked. I barely remember his voice..." She's sniffling at this point and I feel awful. 'Kay don't push her man! Look at her, she's been through a lot!' Marcus links. I guess we do strange things when we loose our mates. There are days I don't want to get up and just think of her.

"I'm sorry Josephine, I didn't mean to pry, just curious of someone so gifted. Do you want some tea or something?" For all that I'm learning I seem to just fuck it up.

"Thank you Alpha, but it's ok. If Miss Endora... that's her name right? If she's busy I can show her what I have found when she can. I don't want to interrupt her work." She was so bright eyed and has a very youthful with very fair skin and platinum blonde almost white hair in a pixie cut with very dark grey eyes and a cute button nose. She was tall and looked like she was very athletic. The mate less wolves must be trying hard to get into her pants, yet she has this air that she can handle herself.

"Josephine, Endora says to go to the place she works, out in the woods, do you know where it is?" She looks a little lost at that.

"I'm sorry Beta, but I don't really know. Do you have something with her scent? I'll be able to find her like that myself if it's ok?" She seems quite independent, she is definitely an asset to the pack!

"Yeah here, this is one of her books, let me know if you catch the scent." Let's see if eagle eyes has a wolf nose. She scents the book.

"Oh, very nice! Lily of the valley and bergamot, that's a very unique scent! I'll be able to find her with this! Thanks, I'll go find her!" Damn! Definitely knows her herbs. She leaves the office with a little skip.

"Damn she got that scent fast! We couldn't pin point Endora's exact sent for a few minutes!" I chuckle.

"Yeah, she's going to be a heartbreaker, she looks like she doesn't mess around! Now let me finish this, Izzy's notes are more cryptic here, she must have read this when she was older." Marcus says.


Josephine's POV

Ah, it never fails! The big bright puppy eyes, the higher pitch voice, the soft smile... The hardest to learn was to blush on cue! However Alpha Kayden seems to be taking the Cacique's teachings to heart. The last message The Head sent said that the Cacique left some books for him to study, good thing too! How they had their defences before was pathetic. My mission is to keep an eye on them and the Alpha wants more information on this witch... Endora is of Greek origin for light.

I hope she is a light witch. So far she didn't seem like a dark caster. I made sure to take All Truth potion just in case she has her Truth spell, one sip will last a week! Morgana's talents have no end. I found her in a very deep part of the woods, she must have access to powerful magic here.

I start walking with more sound I don't want her freaking out, she turns and sees me.

"Hello child, you must be Josephine. Beta Marcus said you have something for me?" And the act goes back on.

"Hello Miss Endora, I hope I'm not interrupting." Keep your voice's pitch Joey!

"Not at all dear, just trying to pin point where some of these rogues are located. Anyway what do you have? The Beta says your father taught you herbology and that you have some ideas?" She seems very nice, then again, so do I.

"Well I found these on my patrol and found different things that helped me make three mixtures: this one is of pine, acorn, apple and earth, then I made this other one of cedar and sage and this one has tightly fused particles of charcoal and baking soda. What do you think?" She takes all three bottles and studies them. This is just standard field operation mixes if you run out of the good stuff they make at home, but I am NOT giving that recipe.

"Well you indeed know how to mask your scent young one, I had thought about the charcoal but haven't applied it yet. You are a bright one!" I give her a brimming smile which I have practiced a hundred times before. Sweet, adorable Joey is on duty.

"Thanks, well I hope that helps Miss Endora, it sure would be awesome to be fully invisible out there, I hope those rogues don't come back tho, that was a scary night." I should have topped it with a 'Gee willekers!'

"I will make sure to make you all as invisible as you can dear." Not with those materials you won't, but it's something.

"It's sure lucky that you are here Miss Endora, I myself still miss life with my pops and even more our other pack out West. I am so tired of moving around, it's nice to always find a place to call home!" And I notice she gives a sad smile, c'mon Endora, give me something!

"Yes, it's nice to find a home, even if it's not with your own, I miss my old home too." Here we go!

"I'm so sorry Miss Endora I made you sad! I will go now. I'm sorry if I made you remember something unpleasant." I turn to leave... 5, 4, 3, 2---

"It's alright girl, I guess we all have our sad story, I was cast out of my coven over a misunderstanding, that's all." So she did have a coven.

"Usually you can fix a misunderstanding Miss Endora. As long as your sisters are ok, there is always a way, right? Although it seems you're naturally lucky!" She looks curious.

"Naturally lucky?" He he!

"Oh yes! From what I heard the pack has been doing well with you here, that makes you like a good luck charm!" Keep at it Endora!

"Thank you child, sadly some misunderstandings stick. My family considers me very unlucky, especially since that misunderstanding was a simple mistake." Ugh! I go sit on her table like if I was a cat. Increase empathic aura.

"But Endora you said it yourself! They're your family! I would give anything to have mine back. I can't visit mine at all, you probably can easily go to-- oh I'm sorry, I don't know where your family is, are they too far that you can't even visit and set things right? I've never been on a plane, but I betcha they would want to patch things up!" C'mon location...

"Planes?! Ha, ha! I guess getting to Greece wouldn't be a problem on a plane. But don't worry about it, if the Goddess so wishes it I pray she will give me wisdom to reach their hearts. I wait for a sign, but she has lead me here! It's strange that she lead me to a warewolf pack!" Greece! Now the investigation for every coven in Greece will begin!

"Well I guess you are being guided by the Goddess, the Alpha seems very devout. Maybe you are here to gide HIM! His methods have been effective so far. Anyway it was nice talking with you Miss Endora, let me know if any of the mixtures I made help and I can always try to find any herbs you might need I can definitely find them!" Job done for now.

"Thank you Josephine you're a very sweet girl." Yup, so I've been told many times!

"Call me Joey! It's what my Pops used to call me when he wanted to talk, ok?" And close with good rapport.

"Sure Joey, I will let you know how this works out and if I do need any special herbs, thank you darling girl." No thank YOU! Code name The Baby Face has a report to send!

"Ok Miss Endora, I have patrol duties soon, see you around! Bye!" Not everything, but it's a start I hope they can find more at HQ.
###chapter 91: The Solstice Mission
Loiza's POV

The Winter Solstice celebrations last two whole weeks in Karaya right until Yule. There were beach festivals with live music from all over The Caribbean all day and more modern music of rock bands, pop singers, hip hop, reggae and reggaeton at night. There were games and young wolves were having sparing matches showing off their prowess and strength and there were really nice prizes for the winners. The shops were full for those buying presents to hand out at Yule and so were the Temples and Shrines, where worshipers were giving offerings of fruits, flowers and gold coins giving thanks to the Goddesses for either returning home and the lives for family and friends both alive and dead. Master Gadiel and the other tech engineers had figured out a way to have soundless fireworks, don't even ask me how they pulled that off, it's been going on since I was little and never cared to ask Maco about it. The colorful displays would usually start after sunset and this year the celebrations were held at both Itiba City and Atabex City.

For us this is standard, for the new members this was something that they had never lived. Yet the original Osupa were invested in bringing them out of their shells so that they learned to enjoy the Blessings bestowed upon our people by the Goddesses and slowly between neighbors they were achieving it. It didn't take long for the French and Sardinians to join in and Nía took Nasser and he got his own friends to have fun. Samira and Louis welcomed their son whom they decided to give him the Taíno name of Yuquibo as to not put either of their cultures above the other's and in honor of finding each other and happiness here, their restaurant was a huge hit! Samira had every one of their Kappas cooking non stop for the high demand and was focused on cooking food they typically have for the season.

Isla had become quite close to Alpha Dawda's two Lunas and after taking them to Cresta's Temple, she took them shopping downtown and to taste delicacies typical to the Solstice. They enjoyed themselves so much that they insisted to Modou and Yengiga to guide their people to give it a try... By day three Modou and his sister were on stage with the Bomba drum players going at it and Yengiga and some of his siblings were trying out the steel pans. The children were jumping in the water trying to race with the mermaids, who themselves were a little afraid of so many people in the beaches yet got exited themselves after they saw no threat. The older vampires didn't really care much for it, but their children did and they were enjoying themselves! Which in turn made the older vampires quite happy, that was good enough for me.

I've always loved this time of year, everyone was on holiday, but we couldn't catch a break... At least not this year.

We finally we got word from Víctor... Oh Víctor.. pendejo. He was still in Uruguay, apparently the pack there wanted to change some terms and surprisingly he was being VERY patient with them. Luna Llena de la Sombra had around 3,000 members and Alpha Diego was unsure about leaving his territory. I don't get it! They beg to come and then keep changing their minds. 110 kilometers South of Brasilia, Única Lua do Céu pack had another 4,600 waiting and Alpha Federico had already accepted every term. They were desperate and from what Víctor reports had almost daily attacks which numbers increased every time. I ordered Gloria to send a team trough a portal to Única Lua. They were to hijack three helicopters and take closer video evidence of the attacks, I had no intention of showing satellite images as evidence to add to our declaration of war, I am not about to show everyone we indeed have one! They were armed with scope sniper rifles and auto cannons with silver bullets, we didn't have the time to arm them with wolfsbane missiles but those could still be used as heavy distractions and could cause a lot of damage. But at least Única Lua had air cover to escort them through The Amazon river and head to the ocean where Casimar would be waiting with the fastest ships that could accommodate those numbers and bring them home.

When Ayana was able to portal again, we sent another team to Víctor with the same instructions. This video evidence would be a nice add on to exposing The Council, especially with confessions I wanted from the prisoners of the mission from The Gambia. Both teams were instructed to capture prisoners as well if they could. The good thing was that the pack in Uruguay were closer to the Atlantic and if everything worked out, Casimar would be standing by to pick them up as well.

The pieces where set in place and the game was on!

The team in Brazil who were lead by Mabey, arrived with the highjacked helicopters. They received a warm welcome; they were informed that the attacks come at any moment, so they told everyone to pack everything they wanted to bring. Mabey explained his orders to Alpha Federico and he agreed, he did ask if we could send more Warriors and he brought their High Priestess, The Lady Conceição, who does have the ability to open portals. She had the same limitations as Ayana of only being able to transport 10 at the time... We NEED to get her, Ayana and Yaya to get their Prime Priestess title, with it they could have the power to portal up to 200 in some cases!

I allowed this request and informed Braka to choose who he thought were best for the mission. The Warriors joined the team and helped round up the people and have them at the pack house in the middle of their territory while the Warriors waited at the borders. Two days went by until the attack came from all sides and Mabey was airborne. We were watching the feed live and recording on our end just in case anything happened to their equipment. We also had satellite feed to have a wider angle and be able to direct them to were fire power was most needed. Lady Conceição was with them adding some extra power from the sky.

As we had hoped this change of tactics would take the rogues by surprise since it was not like what we did in The Gambia. The sniper of the team, Tínima wounded three and Conceição opened a crater making a perimeter to land and capture them to take as prisoners and take off back to the air. Tínima now was focused on shoot to kill, she was as accurate as Víctor himself who in turn had reported that Alpha Diego had made up his mind about leaving after another attack before our team arrived. And were being attacked simultaneously with the pack in Brazil. The same tactics were being used shell shocking the attackers, since they did not expect that strategy, as if the attackers in Brazil had not informed their superiors about it. They didn't seem to count with any particular strategy other than just attack, and they apparently had no form of communication with the other attackers, we were not able to read any transmissions coming out from any of them. It was just a brainless basic attack just like the ones usual rogues do.

Luna Llena had their own Priestess, The Lady Magdalena, who was explained what Conceição did and asked if she could repeat the same act to create the same perimeter. She said she could, only that the crater would not be as deep so she was taken into the helicopter Víctor would be in, as he was also take a couple of prisoners. And it worked like a charm.

Gloria was directing BOTH teams simultaneously like the BOSS she is while we watched and waited.

Both Priestesses rained fire on the attackers and all helicopters launched the missiles simultaneously in different borders of both packs. The Warriors were making sure that no rogues were able to get close to the center of the territory where the people were waiting with their pups and elders and those who could not fight. Almost 2 hours of this the attackers retreated from all borders. Mabey's team went directly to the riverbed to hijack boats to transport the pack in Brazil downriver to the ocean where Casimar was standing by at the delta of The Amazon for pick up.

Víctor was given a secure route for him and his team to trek north to the ocean, just at the border between Uruguay and Brazil were by our estimates Casimar would have already picked up Única Lua and the team and would be waiting for them. Now we waited again with the satellite feed to ensure that they would not be followed and the helicopters stayed with both groups as cover for each respective trek.

The pickup at the Amazon went smoothly, yet we were able to see that a large group of rogues were headed Víctor's way. So the helicopters in Brazil were ordered to rendezvous with the other team to serve as cover so they could reach the shore until Casimar's arrival.

As planned, Mabey's team arrived to give the backup that Víctor's team needed and held back the second wave of attacks buying time for Luna Llena to arrive at their own rendezvous with Casimar, who thankfully was already standing by.

The boats at the shore were already taking those rescued to the ship and when the last of Luna Llena were on board the helicopters retreated to the two ships that had gone. Each stern could carry up to five helicopters so bringing them home to be repaired and refitted to our needs was not a problem.

We had both packs safely on board with minor casualties, six extra helicopters to add to our collection, five prisoners and different angles of recorded video evidence of the attacks that were going on, and both ships were heading home! Best Solstice present EVER!
###chapter 92: Cutting the Workload
Loiza's POV

The packs from Uruguay and Brazil were welcomed as the others were. They were very impressed with the tactics we used, so their Alphas Diego and Federico, Betas and other Warriors wanted to be trained at once. They arrived almost at the end of the Solstice festivities but they didn't need to be pushed AT ALL to join in!

It was summer were they were, not that we really are touched by winter per se, but their cultures and customs are VERY similar to our own. They added Candombé, Batucada, Samba, they took to the streets with shows of Milonga and Tango and so many rich flavors! They were tired of just surviving and wanted to LIVE and wanted to start immediately! For us it was refreshing to be with people with as much energy as our own and they joined in with our flavors of Salsa and Merengue, Mambo and Trova, Bomba and Plena, Rara and Bachata, among so many others. They helped complement us and were curious of the music and customs of the others and helped us bring them out of their remaining shyness. The packs from Afghanistan, France, Sardinia, Senegal and The Gambia now definitely wanted to shine!

Samira had Jalebi dancers and the sounds of the zerbaghali added to the flavor of the food. And the plazas in downtown Itiba and Atabex would fill up with Kappas with every instrument from the mandolins, accordions and fiddles to the sabars and the tama drums. The news outlets were interviewing all and asking questions about their regions, music, food, language and dance styles. This was something I did appreciate, it helped everyone learn about THEIR own new brothers and sisters. The media also talked with the mermaids and this helped spread their own particular culture.

Everyone of different ranks from Alphas to Omegas were receiving education on their particular strengths and the opportunities that came for them and the pack by feeding into those strengths. Nina was exited by the Kappas from Brazil, the city that she wants to start building ASAP in the mountains in the Caney District, was already given founding and she was working with them on the challenges of building there and surrounding rainforest. She and other architects were very interested in building a city very similar to Brasilia. I asked her to make sure to make something nice for the shores of Caney Lake so that the mermaids could swim up river there and hang out which will help feed the economy of that city. We were now a multicultural, multi species pack of over 30,000! Ayana said that many fae hybrids wanted to come as well as a big group of Brownies and others of mainly the Unseelie Court. I had her and Phoebe start drawing up a VERY STRICT treaty, with the big inclusion of no changeling funny business as well as a no tricks for regular words and gestures like for example saying thank you. It also had to include basically the same terms as the mermaids of no mind tricks and such. They definitely had their work cut out for them. With the fae you have to be VERY specific.

Bayoán was going insane with the amount of work he now had. So I decided to go into uncharted territory and called Víctor to my office, he may be the asshole he is but he IS a VERY capable Beta and he and Bayoán got along and had worked very well together when Bayoán was a field op. I didn't know how to approach this... I hate his guts right now, but I KNOW him and can't think of anyone better, so I swallow my pride.

I took some guava juice with 4 drops of Tunu.

"Alpha?" The 6'6" tall wall of muscle, with tan skin, very dark auburn hair and hazel eyes gave a knock at my door. Sigh... Maybe this is a mistake, but my intuition is pushing hard.

"Víctor, please come in, take a seat!" He sat in front of me with a questioning look.

"Víctor I want to congratulate you on how you handled the situation in Uruguay. And to that goes my first question because depending on that answer will give me an idea of the offer I want to propose to you. The least I want to do is waste anyone's time especially my own, you know how I am about that. Fair enough?" Always have a plan B! If he didn't want to be Beta, he was to be given a team to extract packs who needed assistance.

"That's how you know I like it Alpha, no need for needless chit chat." Indeed!

"Exactly! Víctor, you have been in the field for a long time, do you prefer to stay there or would you like to take a break from that and stay home?" And suddenly I notice that he gives a slight blush. What in Hades was this?!

"Well Alpha, um..." Ok, this was WEIRD behavior coming from him.

"For Goddess sake Víctor I'm not proposing matrimony, spit it out! It's not like we are strangers, I still remember fondly the time I gave you a right kick to the balls for being such a charmer and you calling me a stupid cunt that should sleep with one eye open in the mission in Honduras. Funny shit!" He actually chuckled and rubbed his face smiling and blushing more. Ok now I was nervous.

"Yeah, good times! And now you are The Alpha not The Raven." Ooookaaay.

"Ok Víctor I thought we said no needless chit chat, spit it out! You want to go back out or stay home? Speak your mind or I will order you to!" Him acting like this was unsettling.

"Fine! I found my mate among the pack from Uruguay and want to stay home to be with her!" And I can't help but laugh! So that's why he's acting like this! And no wonder he was so patient with them, he wanted her to be happy and bring her pack, and duh! His scent is different! Stupid fog!

"Damn, I should have kept it to myself!" Oh no you don't!

"Víctor don't be an idiot! If you want to stay home I will inform Gloria of it, there is no problem. I just wanted to offer you a job! Which I may add has lots of perks which is always a plus at giving mates a good impression!" At this he did show interest. So far so good.

"A job Alpha?" Crossing fingers.

"As you clearly have noticed Víctor we have tripled our numbers after the... Incident, which I wish to extend my condolences for the loss of your mother and sister, they were amazing women and Warriors." He gave a sad smile.

"Thank you, and you as well Alpha, your mother was a respected instructor and your father... Well Beta Ayato shall have no equal." Here we go... He was calling Dad so formally! Not that they were familiar... It's just that he disagreed a LOT with him.

"He may or may not, I miss him but sadly his time has passed, which brings me to my job offer. Like I said, our numbers are tripled those we had before and Beta Bayoán's work load with it, I wish for you to be Karaya's second Beta. You both will have the same rank and standing, you will work as a team as you two have done so well in the past..." As WE did so well in the past... "As Beta you will sit in on my Council and be privy to sensitive information, as well as having apartments here at The Fort. I would prefer you both share the large office in the East Wing were you would be able to brainstorm together, but that would be up to both of you to decide. You know me well enough to know I won't bitch about how you would prefer to work, so what do say Víctor?" He looks shocked, what is his mate doing to him?! He's showing emotions! Like... On his FACE! It's scary!

"Are you serious? You want me to be Beta?" Um?

"Víctor if you don't want to, it's absolutely fine! I won't take offense, I am offering because even though you are, well YOU! I KNOW that your skill and capacity for calculating and assessment are top notch, I KNOW that your loyalty is unquestionable and your dedication to the pack is impecable. If you don't want the jo--"

"I accept Cacique! I swear to the Goddess I will not fail the standards you have shown so far. It would be my honor to serve as Beta to you, side by side with Beta Bayoán!" And now I don't know how I feel about this but my intuition is not letting this go. Move on Izz! Shit, that's how he always called me!

"Awesome! Then follow me!" I link Bayo to make sure he's in his office and sure enough. 'Where ELSE am I going to be?!' I am going to have the most charming Betas any Alpha could wish for!

I get to Bayoán's office with Víctor and he already knows he accepted.

"Ok you two, you know the drill so stand together and allow me to focus on BOTH of you as one unit, got it?." Bayoán stands up and walks forward.

"By the Goddesses Izzy just do it already! If I get home late one more day Morgana's going to take all the air out of my lungs!" Víctor looks at him like he's having second thoughts.

"Oh shut up and let me focus I have to calculate my words to the T! Now stand side by side and focus on my words and keep your links open and in sync with mine." They're still and focused.

"I, Loiza Mirabal, Alpha of The Osupa Pack and Cacique of the Hallowed grounds of Karaya Island, name you Bayoán Mirabal, Beta of our tribe and you Víctor del Valle, Commander Field Operator and First Gun of the Osupa Pack Intelligence Agency, to the rank of Betas of our tribe, to work in unity. Blessed Be." And suddenly the same Mark with the Greek B for Beta burns at Víctor's right wrist.

"WHOA! THE FUCK?!" He he! Bayoán shows him his.

"Are you kidding me?! For two big though guys like you, you act like big babies! Here I am about to pop and looking like a bulletin board and you don't hear me bitching about it! Ok, now how are you both feeling? Are your brain waves syncing?" They both close their eyes and they move as if REM sleep. Víctor should be feeling the power surge.

"Whoa!" Víctor says.

"I know right?" Bayoán answers.

Both open their eyes at the same time and their colors have changed to aquamarine blue! Ok did I miscalculate something?

"Um, guys..." I start.

"Damn! I feel amazing! I'm calculating a mile a minute! And my nose! I can smell the people by the Fortaleza Beach!" And he looks out the window. "I can see all the way to Karayita CLEARLY! I feel like I could swim all the way to it in less than half the time I used to!" Bayoán gives this smug face, like he knows. I get my little mirror from my pocket. And hand it to smug face! My forehead Mark has already assured me everything was done to perfection.

"Guys, BOTH of you have gone through a change, so take that stupid smile from your face Dumbo!" Bayo looks at himself.

"WHOA! Izzy what did you do?!" I smile. And Víctor looks at him.

"Hey nice eyes dude!" And Bayo hands him the mirror. And Víctor looks and almost drops it! This is too funny!

"Look at both of you looking so pretty with your new baby blues! You two should get matching suits and everything!" And they look at me at the same time. Yup they're in sync.

"What happened to us?!" They both ask at the exact time and I start laughing.

"Don't worry! So your eyes changed color, they look really nice! Look everything is as it should, the Goddess has given you both a Blessing now learn to adapt to it, I bet even you're feeling stronger than before Bayo... Am I wrong?" He recalibrates and he feels it!

"I do! How is this possible?" He now goes to the window to see if Víctor was exaggerating.

"Alpha, the Mark on your forehead is glowing--" Víctor starts.

"Green? Yeah, I have friends in high places. That B Mark for Beta is a Blessing from Selene, those aqua eyes are yours courtesy of the Great Mother Gaia, so remember that you serve THEM as much as you serve me! Now Bayo I already have informed most of the basics to Víctor. But you both should be feeling quite connected and as you share a Bond with me, you should already feel a strong one to each other. Now I shall leave you alone so you can get acquainted with your new Bond and Bayo you're welcome! I just cut your work load by half! Víctor choose the apartment that you want and I hope you and your mate enjoy the perks of living at The Fort! Your welcome, too!" Now for some lunch!
###chapter 94: The Deal
Loiza's POV

It turns out that Víctor's mate is in fact The Lady Magdalena, the Priestess of Luna Llena, this just gets better! As the only Priestess in The Fort, I tended to the shrines in the gardens, but I couldn't serve as it's Guardian. Over due Alpha here!

So she was honored to serve as Guardian and then she saw what she was taking on. Víctor wanted to see her face when she saw the 4 acres of gardens that surrounded the Shrines. He still hasn't chosen an apartment because when he told me who his mate was and I told him that I would name her Guardian he wanted her to choose from an apartment with view to the city, the sea or with view of the gardens. He had completely adapted for her! I still just found it weird. And yet... Would he have been like that if...

"By the Goddesses's mercy! Is THIS what I shall be guarding?!" Her eyes were sparkling and Víctor's smile matched her own.

"Yup! All 4 acres of it! I imagine Víctor has told you why there are two shrines instead of just one?" She sits on the quartz bench in the middle.

"Yes Alpha he has! To have also the Blessings of the Great Mother herself! This truly is a magnificent place, I am so grateful to the Goddesses for gifting me Víctor who brought us here." And she goes to his arms and he wraps his arms around the slender girl with curves in the right places, who is almost a foot shorter than him, with deep brown long straight hair and olive green eyes.

"So amada, which do you prefer? View to the sea or the gardens you will guard?" It was making me a little jealous, Block or no, I yearned for my mate. And this was Víctor...

"Oh Víctor, I could be here all day! Let's get one where I can see it always please!" She went to to the everblooming blue flamboyán tree between the Shrines.

"Alpha?" Víctor asks making me chuckle.

"I already told you to pick yourselves, I'm not your real estate agent Beta!" I explained to Magdalena the particulars for the care for Gaia's shrine since she already knew what to do for the one for Selene.

"We'll get her brothers and mine to help us move today!" I kept looking at the coral stone sundial, we were to meet with Pasha in a few minutes. They had made several deposits in their account of the same size as the first and I had some last minute requests for their rings and we were to deliver them today. I wasn't caring about what I wore, I had a marine blue long sleeve, long linen tunic with v-neck front and back with a bright gold line down the middle and my hair was braided. That's it, no Guanín, not even underwear, I wanted these pups out and was anxious to meet them!

"Lady Magdalena, have you ever met a mermaid before?" And she gave me curious eyes.

"Well Alpha as you know there are mermaids in Avalon yet they always stayed by Arthur's Island." She's one year older than me, I think I remember her but I mostly hung out with Ayana and Cressy.

"Well, I'm sure Víctor won't mind waiting a bit longer to move in for you to meet our mermaids, right?" And we both look at Víctor. He smiles at her.

"If my lovely Lady wishes to see mermaids who am I to say no." Ok I am totally weirded out by this, but I am loving the power she has over him, it's like she has literally tamed the wolf!

"Ok then, Maco is at the Lagoon and Beta, it's good for you as well to meet the richest partial citizens of Karaya." Now I'm the one who can't wait to see their faces.

"As you say Alpha." We go through the gates that lead to the lagoon and I start feeling a little strange. I take a breath.

"Alpha?" Víctor lets go of Magdalena and helps steady me. I tap his hand gently.

"It's fine Beta, no need to fuss! I'm good." And he goes back to his mate.

And there is Maco and Gadiel and their new apprentices from different places, with many little crates with over four dozen mermaids in the lagoon. I hear Magdalena gasp at the sight.

Maco is already explaining the debit system to them, he already gave Sybil a tutorial on everything so she was helping him serve as kind of a brand model to show the features.

Besides the debit and communication system I asked them to add our internet system. I wanted them to learn as much about us and what was happening in the island. They had actually participated in interviews, so I wanted them to have access to it.

"Ok guys, so if you want to know of events happening, videos of the news, interviews, movies, shows and music, maps of the island and the waterways to reach those places and information on the outside world and their media, tell them what to do Sybil!" And Sybil goes to the center of the lagoon and says "Open Web." Into her ring. Out pops up a hologram projector, 'Online.' The ring answers. And the mermaids gasp in awe.

"Go on Sybil, tell it what you want to see!" And she looks so giddy! And I feel a bit woozy again, but I let it be. Instead I walk closer to the shore so my feet are in the water and it helps me feel better.

"Show me list of mermaid interviews for Solstice Festival." Sybil commands the ring.

'Searching.' The ring responds and It pops up several options on the hologram projector.

"Ok Sybil, which one do you want to see? You know what to do!" She's bitting her bottom lips with a huge grin and she touches the the hologram and chooses one and an interview of one of the mermaids starts playing. And they gasp and start laughing, a few say:

"Look! It's you Coralia!" And a mermaid with orange hair and multicolor fins resembling a parrot fish goes next to Sybil to see her interview and ekks. "It's me! Find another!" Pasha looks at me with a gleaming smile and I walk a little deeper into the water drawn by their excitement.

"You guys can search for more later, Sybil keep showing them!" And she looks back and nods.

"Show me how to get to waterfalls from the sea!" She commands.

'Searching.' The ring says again. And it shows many inland waterfalls you can reach by swimming up several rivers and where to find the river's delta. And I feel very wet, I look down at my tunic and it looks like I peed myself! I get into the water and I can already feel the first contraction and WHOA! I go deeper and it's making me feel better yet still I'm not liking it. Pasha does notice and swims to me.

"What's wrong Loiza? Is it time?" I just nod trying to calm my breathing.

"Maco! It's the Alpha! The pups are coming!" She shouts. Each of her entities take each of my arms and their other hand to the small of my back. She puts my arms around her necks and she places her free hands on my stomach and I feel a wave of relief.

"Keep breathing wolf sister, we are here with you." It feels so good in the water, it feels... Right.

Someone must have linked Daniella and her team. Isla, Tía, my siblings, Phoebe, by the Goddesses how many people did they call?!

"Your Highness, bring her to shore please!" I hear Daniella shout. But I don't want to go to shore!

"No, Pasha! It feels good here!" And I feel another contraction but Pasha rubs my belly and I'm relaxed again.

"She wants to stay inside the water!" Phoebe tells them. And Isla comes to me getting all wet.

"Take this side Luna, I will calm her mind." Isla follows instructions and the dark side of Pasha puts her hands to my temples and I feel so much better that I barely feel the next contraction. Daniella gets in the water and comes over, too! She goes underwater to check on how dilated I am. She raises my tunic to my thighs and comes up.

"Ok, we are at already six centimeters, they are in a hurry!" She says and calls Estefanía to instruct her on a water birth. Every time I feel a contraction my body tenses but Pasha helps keep me calm and my eyes are closed remembering to breathe yet feeling pretty ok.

"Their coming fast mija keep breathing, stay calm." I don't think I would be this calm if I wasn't in the water. And I feel the next contraction, yet before it hits hard I feel Pasha soothing my mind. Inhale. Estefanía goes under to check and Sybil goes with her. Nina gets in the water to record it.

"Izzy you are doing awesome! Your making it look so easy." She says. Exhale.

Estefanía comes up..."She's at eight centimeters Master! They ARE coming fast!" Inhale.

"You hear that mija, you're going to hold them soon!" Exhale. And then another contraction. Inhale. Pasha and the water again helps sooth me. Exhale.

Sybil is still down there. Inhale. I hear her resurface... "Master Daniella, she's at ten centimeters!" Exhale.

"Ok Alpha in the next contraction you feel push!" And she instructs me to simply stand and crouch at to allow the little gravity in the water help. I nod, that sounds right. And the next contraction comes and as I feel the pain I push as hard as I can, yet I feel Pasha massage my back still soothing me and Isla's hands holding me. Nina takes some water with her free hand and puts it to my forehead to help cool me and fix some loose strands of my hair... "Are you serious right now! I'm here pushing and you want to fix my hair for the camera?!" Inhale. And I feel it and I push.

"She's crowning, the first one is coming." Exhale. I don't care who says what anymore I am more focused on this. Inhale, and I feel the next contraction and I push as hard as I can. Exhale.

"He's out! It's a boy!" And Estefanía pases it to Daniella. And already I feel the next contraction. Inhale. And I push as hard as I can again. Exhale.

"The other one comes!" And I recognize Sybil's voice, and I rapidly feel the next contraction. Inhale. And I push again as hard as I can. Exhale. I feel another contraction. Inhale. Push! Exhale.

"She's out!" And Sybil pases her to me! And I look at her and she looks at me with those beautiful jade eyes! This came out of me?!

Daniella places the first one in my other arm and again those jade eyes! Both have his eyes! While they are both crowned with jet black hair.

Isla puts out her arms to take the girl, and I give a little whimper.

"It's alright mija, she's not going anywhere we just want to help you so you can push out the placenta. Then you can go to your room and we will help you wash, we will wash them and you can nurse them immediately, all right?" And I hesitantly passed the girl to her and Tía is in the water right now and takes the boy. Just that makes me feel my heartbreak even though I know I will see them soon.

"Wait! Let Pasha, hold them!" And they obey my command while I already feel a little contraction for the first after birth and I push it out. And almost immediately after that feel a small contraction for the other and I push it out as well. And it is done. I am someone's mother.
###chapter 95: Jade and Deacon
Isla's POV

I will never have grandchildren of my blood. It has taken me quite a while to come to terms with the fact that both my mate and my my son were gone, they took everything from me that day. When they told me they had identified their remains I insisted on seeing them, I needed to see for myself. They were just charred bones, but I still got their scent and their DNA matched, we all have our blood drawn at birth for the our records, it's how we first determine where we are in the Greek Alphabet coding system and to verify any particulars that future medical care they might need to improve healing to anything they might need. Yet my two milk daughters were alive.

They may not be of my body, but my milk fed both, I had three babies at my breast for a year... Natalia loves her birth mother, as was so for Loiza with her mother, but they have always called me Mamá and neither has treated me less than they have their birth mothers. There is a special Bond that is born when you breast feed a baby and both Ayiti and Kiskeya became the sisters I never had, fertility has always been hard in my mother's side and Ayiti and Phoebe explained that I was a blood descendant of The Great Mother herself.

"That's why your touch on Iza's Mark was able to shut down her mind. The Mark was given to her by Gaia and since the Goddesses blood flows through you it deactivated it." When I asked if I indeed was who they said, why was it so hard for me to conceive?

"Replicating the genome for a god is difficult Luna." Phoebe told me. I didn't know if to feel honored or to curse my blood. I visited the Shrines for answers, but as I was sitting in between the them at the gardens crying I felt Gaia's comfort, not that I heard her like what Izzy describes, just a sense of reinforcement that my motherhood days were not over. That both Izzy and Talia were indeed my daughters, that just as their mothers body gave them life, it was my milk that sustained them. And now my arms indeed carried MY grandchildren, BOTH Alphas no less!

"They're so cute! Usually new born pups look like weird raisins but damn! These look like they're about a week old, and the girl! Her skin is like porcelain, she even has this dewey soft look--" My sweet Talia has always had a voice that refuses to hush!

"TALIA! By the Goddesses mercy! Will you please stop! They are sleeping!" Ayiti whisper shouted at Natalia.

"Has Izzy named them yet?" Nía picked the boy with skill and no fear, she really has been practicing. Lola, Freya and Nina were looking but had no intention of touching them, yet Ura took the girl without a hitch. He used to help a lot when Izzy and Suania were babies and the usual lone wolf would always have a knack and patience with kids! I could see Freya loving watching him and was registering everything from their particular bond and making annotations on her phone, their own pup had a couple of months to go, but she has already confessed that her own upbringing made her unsure about her capabilities. Urayoán was showing her that there was nothing to fear and sat next to her to help encourage her, she will grow bolder eventually, but knowing her mate wasn't afraid was putting her mind at ease.

Nia made Nasser sit and handed her nervous mate the baby sitting next to him. He had already held his nephew Yuquibo, but that took him a week and soon he would have another by Yahir and Lucìa whom had a successful Heat. It would be soon until Suania's Heat kicked in and she wanted her mate prepared! She usually doesn't ask ,she just makes you do what she says and doesn't expect push back.

"Ok, everybody out, I have to wake The Alpha, she needs to nurse these pups, take a shower, have a good dinner and keep resting, until it's time to feed these two again. It's going to be her first night as a mother and it's usually a little scary." They put the babies in their bassinets and leave me with Ayiti. I link Daniella and Alberto for the food we had determined best for now, she needed more protein and fats for her milk. We're feeding Alphas here and their little bodies demand it.

I wake Loiza. "Mija how do you feel? Did you rest well?" She's wiping the sleep from her eyes.

"Oh my Goddess, that has to be the best sleep I have had in my live!" And she still hasn't slept holding her mate! It always angered me how this was allowed! And from the news that are reaching my ears, the boy is not the villain they have made him out to be. He doesn't even have a Block of any kind, his mind must be a mess right now not understanding why his mate is an emotional wreck.

"Look mija, the pups are fine!" I point to the living room.

"Yeah, I can smell that EVERYONE has touched them." Not true!

"Loiza your exaggerating, now get up! I'm going to help you shower and have dinner, the pups have been angelitos but they're going to wake up soon and demand food, so shower!" She's still a bit sore, but she should be like new by tomorrow night or the next morning. I help her to the living room were the pups are and some almost rare steak with congri rice and lentil soup on the side and some ajonjolí juice to help with her milk are waiting for her. And she inhales it, she did want more lentil soup and juice, she also asked for morcilla, blood sausage, her body was begging for protein and iron, so morcilla was brought up and just as she finished the babies were waking. And the boy demanded to be fed. Loiza picked him like nothing.

"Ayiti, stay with Izzy while I shower and get in my sleeping gown. I'm sleeping with her and the pups tonight, their scent will help Izzy keep resting and healing." Izzy looked at me with that face of hers that is saying thanks a million times!

"Mamá, I--" Hush!

"These are mis nietos mija! And you will always be my daughter, so enough of this I'll be right back!" I go shower and brush my teeth and have the Hayan drops Daniella left me for Izzy. By the time I'm there the pups drank Izzy up, good appetites! For the next month izzy is going to be using massive amounts of protein and carbs to make her metabolize that milk as fast as possible, so she needs to consume double that to produce the perfect amount of milk for the two baby Alphas. She NEEDS her mate!

Unlike humans, we must eat heavy amounts of this to loose the baby fat as fast as possible and regain our pre baby bodies to have once more the strength and agility to protect our offspring.

"Ok mija, Estefanía will link me every two hours so you can feed the pups, if you feel anything particular to eat there are apprentices in the kitchens standing by. Here take two drops, the important part is that you go into deep sleep and be fully healed fast." She takes the drops and puts the bottle on her nigh table.

"Izzy mija, have you chosen names for these two? Not that there's any hurry." I know she really was waiting to meet them to name them.

"I have Mamá, they shall be Deacon and Jade." Well that was unexpected, I had thought she would choose more traditional names but she decided to honor their father.

"Deacon is your mates wolf, right?" She nodded.

"I could tell that he wanted me to know the truth of everything. Aryn even told me he was silent to Kayden before because of his ways and wanted to do his best to love and protect me as a true mate. So the honor of his name goes to my son, hoping that he will have the courage, honor and devotion of his father's wolf. Jade is also Alpha and carries the eyes of her father, like Deacon. Yet her eyes carry the beauty of them that makes me love him, the part that makes me hope. They both shall carry the Mirabal name with the Black hyphenated, they are heirs to the Mirabal Dynasty, not his. They are the future of The Osupa, not Blood Moon, period." Well once she was like this, there was no changing her mind.

"Alpha Deacon, Alpha Jade? I guess it works either way." I say as I see her eyes closing.

"Kayden..." She says as sleep takes her again, she will feel better tomorrow.


Loiza's POV

**So you have decided to honor him in the names of the babes.**

Great... "Yeah, I did. It felt right, I still can change my mind."

**But why? Your choice is correct. Loiza you know deep down he truly didn't betray you. He is going mad right now not understanding why he is getting these emotions from you, this is cruel. You have a powerful Block and a spy inside to know that he is fine--**

"That spy is making sure his witch is not there to betray him and is training his first line of defense by my order as a gift to ensure their survival! I have made sure that he learns every tactic available to me to increase his skills. I am passed the sins of his parents, but trust goes both ways. And if he doesn't want a Block, that's his prerogative, I don't have time to deal with HIS feelings. You have placed a task on my shoulders and I have accepted it."

**It would be simpler if he was here to help you, I mated BOTH of you to carry this burden together. It won't get easier.**

"Then make him learn faster! As he is right now, he still would slow me down, so help him more, I need real rest Great Mother, I really don't want to think about Kayden now."

**Your body will be fully restored by first light, as it should have if you would have had your mate with you by marking you again giving you his strength and assuring you of your Bond.**

"Thank you, good night."

I have to many doubts as I peel apart what I saw in Kayden's mind that night, and the more I realize that he had just found out the truth of everything but was afraid of me thinking he was a part of if. No wonder Marcus though they were cursed! I wake up suddenly.

Isla is sleeping soundly, she made a little 'nest' between us with heavy pillows for the babies who were both looking with their huge jade eyes, they don't look like they were just born yesterday.

"Are you guys hungry already? C'mon!" I take Jade and put her in place and she's latched on. "Ok Deacon, I only have one arm for you, so cut me some slack ok?" He was a perfect gentleman and latched on as well. I felt so calm with them looking at me with his eyes.

And I start singing "Tu Rumba" by the gifted Kappa, Ilé and think it's a beautiful lullaby:

"Yo no sé si es el rabito de tus ojos
Que está buscando encontrarse con los míos
Pero, siento que hay un algo tuyo que me llama
Entre medio de tanto gentío

Yo no sé si tu silencio me está hablando
Yo no sé si nos habremos conocido
O si es mi locura que anda delirando
Y que al final soy sólo yo que lo imagino

Hermosura que sale de ti
Va flotando hasta llegar a mí..."

As Isla is getting Estefanía's notification, the pups were already full and falling asleep again in their little nest. I had my head laying on one of the pillows looking into Jade as her brother is falling asleep and I do notice that her skin has a pearl like shine to it. I looked at Deacon, his is not so noticeable but it was still there, only his has more of a golden tone to it just as his skin, it was so much like Kayden's.

I don't say anything, I know Isla's eyes never miss anything.

"Natalia was mentioning that particular glow to her skin, I just noticed Deacon's now." She said.

"What do you suppose it is?" I don't see it as harmful, just curious.

"None of their tests showed any irregularities, but they were Blessed by The Mermaid Queen who helped deliver them and the first person to hold Jade was a mermaid... Were they awake?" It makes sense, I will have to ask Pasha about this.

"Yeah, they both were." She links Estefanía with this information. She'll wake up every hour to check, they might need more milk.

"I'll be checking every hour mija, focus on resting." Yeah, I don't want to remember the things that will be coming next.
###chapter 96: She Has to Know
Loiza's POV

I literally growled at poor Mónica! She has been Head Nanny and Nurse Maid at The Fort for 20 years and has always been very capable at her work. I realized just as the growl left my lips and felt awful about it. I had just nursed the twins and she was going to take them to the nursery so that I could finally rest after their birth. I was healing fast but my body begged for rest!

"Oh my Goddesses! Mónica I am SO SORRY! I don't know what came over me!" I was an emotional wreck! Yet I still had my pups in my arms reluctant to let them go. Yet she and Isla started laughing!

"Alpha it's all right! You are not the first mother who has growled or roared at me for that matter for assisting them take their pups, especially for the first rest. It's our nature! Of course you don't want to part with them! But you have done wonderfully so far mom, they are clean, full and are sleeping soundly, but you need to heal yourself and need a good nap! I will bring them back in two hours to be nursed again with dinner for you." I looked at them sleeping in my arms but still didn't want to part with them. I have already chosen their names and my Bond to them was growing by the second.

"I think I can rest with them HERE, I mean they are sleeping, too!" She shakes her head smiling.

"It never fails to amaze me how every new mother reacts, even a mighty Alpha!" She kept trying to reason with me, but then Daniella walked in with both Bayoán and Víctor, I knew what this meant, they were going to override me! Luckily Isla and Tía, who came with them saw the desperation in my eyes.

"Ok, before this goes to another level let's do this... Izzy mi cielo, how about Ayiti and I stay HERE right over there by the living room with the babies, WE will take care of them. We will raise the sound barrier between the rooms so Ayiti and I can play briscas or watch a movie, allowing you to rest but knowing that your pups are RIGHT HERE with US and we will wake you when they need to be fed again. But you NEED rest! It will only be Ayiti and me, how does that sound mija?" I was thinking. I DID like that idea better, they are like my own mothers and I would still have their scent close by even if I was asleep. I nodded as a few tears left my eyes. What is WRONG with me?!

Isla wiped my tears. "It's NORMAL what you're feeling Izzy, your hormones are starting to recalibrate! NOTHING is wrong with you, I know you enough to know that you are asking yourself that! Mónica bring the bassinets for the pups here." She kept a steady, soothing pitch to her voice and Mónica went to task.

"Now Loiza mija let me hold mis nietos, right Ayiti?" And Ayiti came over with her warm smile.

"Isla is right mija! We will be RIGHT HERE your nose will be full of their scent and I do have some chismes to tell Isla, let me smother my adorable nephew and niece." Both Isla and Ayiti extended their arms and I gave out a whimper.

"C'mon mija, with all you have done, you CAN do this. Don't forget we will be right here." More stupid tears, this is humiliating! Isla wiped those too. And I hand them over to them and I take a deep breath. Daniella gives me some Hayan drops for dreamless sleep.

"Their scent will soothe you, sleep will heal you and remember we are right here, we're not going anywhere, ok?" I nod at Isla's words and already feel sleep taking me and it finally wins.


Bayoán's POV

Víctor and I walk back to our office. We started working from separate offices the first day he started before he moved in, but it only took about five hours of both linking and taking papers and sending e-mails back and forth constantly that our patience got the better of us. We both cursed that Izzy's idea of sharing the office in the East Wing was actually the most practical one. She still doesn't know we took her idea... I told Víctor to be ready for the gloating. We had two large desks facing each other, a nice living room space to not have to have a bite of food or coffee at our desk and the large windows there had a way better view than the ones either of our separate offices had. We still had a view of Karayita and was close enough to the gardens that even though he couldn't see her, our new scent ability allowed Víctor to be full of The Lady Magdalena's scent to really help him be very calm.

In less than an hour of us working there, we definitely felt more in sync and at ease. All we had to do was look into our identical eyes and every idea was exchanged, every calculation one of us couldn't quite complete the other would. What would take us over a couple of hours separately we could solve in minutes! And being together we would crack jokes and be silly and it was our secret, making us feel more comfortable with each other and helping grow our camaraderie and help deepen our own Bond. It made work easier, more effective and fun.

"I must admit, I was a little worried that we would have to override the Alpha, I don't know if I'll ever be comfortable with that part of the job." He said when we sat.

"I've already done it and she took it well, but THIS is a whole different thing entirely. Morgana's already in her last trimester and if I saw the desperation in her eyes Izzy had, of letting go of our pup and think that someone would ORDER her to, I would probably spend a few nights in the dungeon." He was deep in thought about it and I could feel he was thinking the same thing about his own mate.

"I think I would have been in the dungeons too... Mine hasn't even had her Heat and this just made my stomach turn! I did everything my patience would allow and then some to convince Diego to come, and it was for HER!" He had his head in his crossed arms on his desk.

"And remember, it still would not be like that for our mates. No one would have to override their wishes, they're not Alphas and they both have their mates to soothe and comfort them. Izzy doesn't have that! Sure we are giving her all the support we can, but it doesn't compare to having her mate. Rest comes easy for females when they have their mates because they know he will protect the pup with his life! What she did was something only a very few have achieved, without going insane of what she saw, the reality that her mate's family help with the deaths of over a thousand our people, our parents, our Alpha! Because of the pleasure of the fertilization of the egg and in this case too she was able to see very clearly that they indeed had knowledge of The Council wanting us weak and away from our home. But since it was such a short time she could only gather so much intel about it and that's why it took time to recalibrate and go again through the data to be able to determine what truly was the timeline.

"Between you and me, I actually do think Kayden was trying to confess what happened the morning he had to execute those slavers. He kept asking for Izzy saying that he had something important to tell her, he even told Moira, he even begged her. Dude, get the tattoo ASAP! I look back and can't explain a lot of things. It was me! It's just, somethings I took it way to far or didn't care about the consequences. Like when we added seven more heads for Kayden to cut off. Moira... She hates touching The Sword of Peace and will do anything to avoid it, so of course she wouldn't want to execute any one with it. She would definitely not care if Kayden, whom now I now she didn't calculate for was risked. He and Izzy were mated by Gaia, not Selene, and she has never liked things... 'out of place'. She never calculated for interference from her." I have been thinking about that a lot lately.

"Let me guess? The Alpha doesn't know." Víctor asks. I just shake my head.

"She was at the peak of her Heat and it was the full moon. So to be near him right before the moment the she was going be mated and Marked to get the information, was torture for her. The Lady Ayana opened a portal to be here with Nina. Nina was going to Uguaca Bay to start getting ideas for Atabex City. Her body was begging to be fertilized." I explained.

"Her Heat started on the SECOND day after meeting her mate?!" Víctor asked. And it's a natural question, usually it takes weeks for a female's heat to kick in after they've met their mate. The Bond takes it's time for the mated to know and adapt to each other. Then the female's heat begins, driving both sides into reproduction overload. There is usually a work leave for that, both have to be together at all times to feed that urge or be subjected to extreme physical pain, until the female has been fertilized.

"For an Alpha and a Luna the need is higher because it's to make the heir, the next leader of the pack. For TWO Alphas... I bet he came a few times before he even touched her! As you can see, we knew she was pregnant almost instantly and with twins no less! Our informant in the inside says that he has refused to get a Block and right now is on sedatives, he is getting everything she's feeling and doesn't know WHY but everything in him is telling him to go to her but he can't. If Izzy's having it bad, I don't want to be in his shoes." Víctor gives me a glare.

"So she went through all of that, probably without the need for it?! What the FUCK Bayoán?! When are you going to tell her?!" Great not what I need right now!

"Look man Moira just told me because she visited him and he reminded her! Those days were pretty chaotic and we already had things in motion and if you hadn't noticed, it has been crazy here too! Now that my brain has you to divide the work it allowed me to give it more though, add to that that I had a fucking THING inside me mucking everything in my head! So spare me Víctor, you weren't there." I'm actually not pissed, I just want him to see that I wish I could have told her, but I really forgot. He becomes thoughtful.

"Dude we HAVE to tell her! He might want to join us and be WITH her and his pups! Alpha or no, I bet my head he would prefer to be with her than be Alpha. I know I would be ANYTHING as long as it makes Magdalena happy; Beta, First Gun, all of that be dammed as long as get to be inside her!" I KNOW!

"Go on Víctor! You are Beta now, you have that power! Tell her! Dude look inside the Bond you now share with her, look beyond all her barriers and labyrinths that she has placed that take you nowhere, what do YOU see?" And he closes his eyes to focusses and he sees it. It's pure pain.

"Not pretty huh? Now assess Beta. We still have prisoners to interrogate and war to declare, the Alpha's hormones are recalibrating, Izzy and Ayiti were right to delay this until after she gave birth, you should have seen her after the Block went up right after the Marking was done, she was a shell. For a moment I thought she was too far gone and the madness was taking her. It was Morgana who assured me it was the blocking spell doing it's job. Then everything going on and now this! She will be on leave until she is emotionally stable, look at the report on what happened when she snapped because of my bullshit and that was about Suania's mate, not HERS!" He checks the report and acquired video surveillance of it and my exorcism. And the storm she created.

"What in Hades?!" Exactly...

"Go on Víctor! At least we have more Priestesses now! How do you think your beloved Magdalena will be able to fare against THAT?!" His jaw was on his desk.

"She wasn't High Priestess by this date! I guess it can wait... But after the War Declaration we must tell her! What Betas would we be by with holding this information." Will she forgive me?

"Terrible ones. How do you think I feel? She's not only my Alpha, she's my little sister! I feel awful treating her mate like that. The guy might basically just be guilty of being afraid of loosing his mate and every single one of us has been guilty of that one time or other." 
###chapter 97: Marius
Kayden's POV

Blue Moon looks like something out of a dystopian nightmare. The Priestesses really did rain hell here! They're no guards, the pack house is full of people hiding... When I asked where Marius was they pointed to another building. It was just a brick and concrete square building, no windows to keep out the cold, no door to stop intruders.

I go in with my men, Josephine came with her team, she named Samuel as her second. He was the fastest to learn her techniques. They were to take to the roof tops and keep eyes and ears open.

There is really nothing in the building, just a sort of brick throne were Marius sad drinking and everyone else was on pillows on the floor. A fire in the middle was the only source of heat.

"You have some serious balls Kayden! You fucking dare come here after what your cunt mate did? You idiot! Do you know how fucking difficult it is to get unicorns out of Avalon? They're really shy!" I feel Caliburn calling for his head. Even through the sheath I can hear Mordred's disgusting voice and his bullshit. 

"You're saying you yourself made sure to get them from Avalon? Are you insane Marius?! If you weren't already cursed you made sure of it!" And he starts laughing. 

"Awe c'mon Kayden it was your pack who bought them from me now wasn't it?" And he just lays back and crosses has his arms behind his head with a triumphant smirk.

"We had no idea what you and those traitors were up to! Who did you sell the unicorn's blood to?" Marcus asks uncertain. 

"Come on Marcus don't be like that, the boy that knows his Mommy so very well. I'm sure that looking through all those books in The Council you must have found something that didn't add up! You should ask your own mother that question... Not many people in The Council want to associate themselves with us do they?" Did mother buy the blood herself?! I feel Marcus's rage.

"Tell me Kayden, to how many of those silly mating balls were you invited to help you find your mate? Have you any idea how many there were since you and I turned 18? They were quite a lot really! I think I was only invited to two. Were you invited to ANY? Did no one's Daddy want their little princess to be your Luna? Especially with your own reputation with women? Bravo by the way! The only idiot who didn't know he was cursed and really didn't care if he was or wasn't, was still cursing himself by being a man whore!" Neither Marcus or I have ever been invited to any of those events, they even kept us in the dark about that!

"I commend you Marcus, you might come out of this unscathed. Sorry Kayden you're in the same boat as me! There is no way that the Goddess is going to let you keep that hot piece of ass! Don't think I didn't see her." Deacon is alert. My eyes go dark and my canines are out.

"Careful Marius! I won't allow you to speak about my mate that way again!" I warn him with a growl! And he laughs again. 

"I watched her since they arrived that day... quite a magnificent creature if you ask me. I enjoyed watching you two consummate your sacred Bond from my special observation deck with long sight binoculars. She has an amazing rack by the way, kudos! And by your face you deeply enjoyed every bit of her. My cock got so hard looking at her body writhe with pleasure---" I get to him in an instant and grab his throat ready to rip it to shreds! And he just continues to laugh. 

"Tsk, tsk Alpha, a little bird told me Selene doesn't want me to keep her company, to Hades you must send me if you even want to HOPE to get her back!" He says with difficulty, I let him drop...FUUUUUCK!

"You actually allowed a professional Osupa spy to go inside your mind? You sure are a special kind of stupid, Kayden! You have to be the worlds dumbest cunt! You're believing them even NOW! I'll tell you EXACTLY what's going to happen... and yes I DID have a claimed mate! Guess what? 

"She's a fucking Priestess of the Goddess! The moment I turned 20 I visited a pack up North, and like lightning I was struck, WHAM! She was a vision of splendor... One who I am no longer mated to anymore, but I still FEEL her in my arms. I did get to enjoy what it really meant to have a mate for a month, and the fucking... Well I don't have to tell you Kayden, I at least had mine for a WHOLE MONTH! 

"She didn't reject me, she is a Priestess after all. Selene herself broke our bond yet I still FEEL her, she has been gifted a second chance mate. I feel her EVERY. SINGLE. TIME she's fucking him, sometimes all day, and when she's in Heat... I know that she doesn't know that she's hurting me, she must have been assured I would be released from her completely. Is that how your mate is Kayden? Is she a good and devout Priestess? The epitomy of perfection?
Beautiful, strong, knowledgeable and a perfect combination of love and scorn. She will never reject you, you know... She will never be disloyal to you. You still FEEL her and feel happy when you feel her through the bond especially if she thinks of you, don't you?"

I am feeling sick right now, it's EXACTLY what's happening to me, but I keep my cool...

"Then one day you don't have any thoughts of her at all. For a moment you think she's dead! You feel your heart has been ripped out, you can't sleep, food makes you sick... HELL even THINKING HURTS! And the next moment you're in agonizing pain because she's in ecstasy with another man. And you're going to feel their fucking joy forever and it will become so excruciating until you become JUST. LIKE. ME! 

"EVERY FUCKING TIME THEY FUCK IT'S LIKE A THOUSAND DAGGERS! I pray to that BITCH Selene everyday that Avalon will come and strike me down, DO YOU HEAR ME SELENE YOU FUCKING CUNT! I CURSE YOUR FUCKING NAME! I have nothing to lose. Do you have to have something to lose Kayden?" Moira said I could get her back! Is THIS what's to happen to me? To become an insane rabid dog?

"Are you saying they promised you could have her back and they cut your bond and gave her to someone else?" He has to be lying.

"Promise?! I wasn't promised shit! They just took MY MATE like thieves in the night and gave her to someone else! They wanted me to know what it meant to want and love something so much and they TOOK HER FROM ME! Just like they will take your raven haired beauty and give her to another... I hear Karaya has more than tripled it's numbers by adding SEVEN packs to their ranks, even vampires! I can only imagine the conditions put on their Alpha for the deal to be sealed." I haven't felt any arousal, desire or want from Loiza for any other man after the period of the great confusion she felt for the man with turquoise eyes. And that passed quite a while ago.

"I haven't felt anything that would make me doubt my mate." I state with confidence... I KNOW she loves me! 

"We shall see Kayden..." And he takes a shot of what I can smell is rum. And he gives me a wide smile. "Do you know Karaya makes some of the best rum? Yo ho, ho, the pirate's life for me!" And more laughing. I start feeling sympathy for this motherfucker! I see some of who I was in him.

"Did you try getting a witch for a mate block?" I ask. This can't be my fate. He gives his maniacal annoying as fuck laugh again...

"Since my curse comes from Selene herself any witch who interferes can call herself cursed too. And even if you have all the gold in the world, Priestesses of Avalon are not running to join the ranks of The Cursed Roses... well except for your Mommy, she seems to really WANT it, dumb cunt!" Damn, even Marius knows about The Cursed Roses! I was so in the dark...

"I knew I was cursed when I did the things I did! Did I get some bitches to get their pups aborted? Fuck yeah! Why would I pass on this misery? I heard a little rumor that some dumb bitch gave up her true mate, aborted their baby and you welcomed her merrily into your bed and THEN you took her head... isn't that like the saying 'calling the kettle black' Kayden?" I hate him!

"True, but I didn't know Vanessa had done that until after I booted her out of my bed! I didn't make her do anything and yeah, I took her head, I won't have slavers in my pack." He can't stop laughing! I can't stand his laughing! I try to mute it out. 

"You know, my mother loved telling me the story of how the stupidity of your Mommy had basically cursed all of us and that you two were just growing up in a fantasy bubble without knowing how really screwed you were." I look at Marcus and he looks back.

"That is true, too... yet that stupid woman says your father got paid by The Council so that you're pack got some recognition and money, just because your father confirmed Karaya's location. That sounds like a dumb cunt, too." So he was cursed by just confirming the location my mother gave.

"Just because he was there Avalon shunned him too! My father never found his true mate! That was his punishment from Avalon. And he loved to tell my mother about it, loudly and often, and that's what I grew up with! That was part of my curse! Your parents are true mates and were absolutely compatible for each other in every way! That's why you had the lovey-dovey super happy childhood you had! Even though your parents are psychopaths partially responsible for attempted GENOCIDE! And then your mate ends up becoming the Queen of the pack that your parents helped try to eliminate! This just writes itself! And here I thought my story was sad!" And now others of his pack just find all of this hysterical. They are all mad!

"Marcus you probably won't find your true mate either! Wouldn't that be splendid! To have what you wanted to feel the most, will be the thing you will never get, just like your big brother and I! We love the ladies and then we get a taste of what THE REAL THING feels like, just to have it be taken away... It's poetic don't you think?" And a beautiful girl in just a thong brings him a drink and sits on his lap giggling and he massages her ass while taking a drink. Then with a smirk he starts suckling at her breast, he puts his drink on the table next to his chair while the girl lowers his zipper and starts giving him a handjob, he smacks her ass and she gets on her knees and takes him with her mouth. 

"Dude you're absolutely sick what's wrong with you?" Marcus asks. 

"What do you mean what's wrong with me? I have a beautiful woman sucking my cock! I live my life like everyday is the last Marcus, you should try it once in a while! It's really possible, it will be for the both of you!" Marius is insane. And he seriously doesn't want pups or a family because he doesn't want to curse anybody else to his misery.

'Are we seriously meant to be miserable forever?' Marcus asks me, he looks devastated. I can't allow this! I've been a complete asshole but Marcus has always been a straight arrow. How can the Goddess not grant him his mate? Marius has his head lying back moaning and enjoying the blowjob, everyone around us is slowly getting ready for what looks like an orgy. Marcus looks sick and I am not willing to end up like Marius. I take a deep breath and focus on her, I have the lock of her hair she left behind in the little bag prepared by the Endora with the herbs to enhance her scent."

I take a deep breath of her hair, I split off two small precious pieces and put each inside my nostrils, I breathe in and her scent is present. I hold Caliburn and unsheathed him and the voice of Mordred is once again in my head but I am focused, Mordred is calling loudly to me in her voice, but I deny him to get in my head... I don't know how long I can hold so I proceed to taking Marius's head. The girl who was blowing him starts screaming and instead of Mordred I hear another voice, one I have heard before and she tells me which heads to take. Marcus, Gabriel, Avis, Adam, Frank, Leo, they all shift but I link them to go outside and round up those who are innocent.

Unfortunately, almost everyone in that room is an Unwanted by the Goddess, I feel protection from Caliburn and it's pull. 

**Do what you must Kayden, she needs you, the time will come when your loyalty and courage will be rewarded. Feed the light.**

By the end of it over 250 heads were off and I am in complete control, Caliburn is quiet. I feel a burning sensation on the wrist of my left hand, the hand holding Caliburn and it turns into a circle with a cross from top to bottom and left to right. And as fast as it came, the pain was gone.

**Take the innocent with you, you will show this Mark to Moira and every head you have taken here today, you will tell her that who gave you this Mark commands you claim Caliburn as YOUR blade. As long as you bear this Mark, it will never corrupt you, your mate or any heir of your blood.**

"So she IS my mate? She won't be taken?!"

**We will talk more you and I about Loiza, these people here need you now. Focus.**

I have two more heads to take, it fills me with dread, but I feel like something more important waits for me and to reach it this thing must be done. 
###chapter 98: Last Cell on Level 3
Bayoán's POV:

A week has passed since Izzy's pups were born. She was completely recovered as if she had never been pregnant at all!

That particular morning Víctor got his own tattoo on his whole back as well. I gave him mental snippets of having that thing inside me, how it used me, how Morgana's eyes looked at me because of it! It made him paranoid enough to get in Beta size. We also got a link from Izzy to meet her at our office.

When we went inside, there she sat at couch with a cortadito enjoying the view. She heard us go in and she had this giant smile on her face. Víctor and I knew this was coming.

"I haven't had a good cup of coffee like this in a very long time! After having to deal with that trash they served at Blood Moon and opting out of things I enjoy to assure I give this pack the strongest Alpha, or in this case, Alphas, my body could possibly produce, it's quite the treat to have those things again!" And she took another sip of coffee while we sat lounging.

'It seems that it's fine.' Víctor linked me. He only had one sister and has his brother Vicente. They weren't like us at all. 'You are so naïve sometimes.'

"Why haven't we ever done any development in Karayita? I think it can have a little settlement for those who wish to be a little more secluded, what do you guys think? It's not like anyone enjoys it already. It would really take this breathtaking view to another level! And the smell of those flowers in the gardens! I have heard the Lady Magdalena has taking a special loving of the flowers and her Kappa skills are turning them to beautiful circle flower wreaths! Oh my Goddesses did I used to SUUUUCK at that in Avalon! How does SHE enjoy working so close to YOUR sent that she really doesn't get because YOUR nose outmatches hers by... Would YOU say at least 200% Beta Víctor?!" DAMN! That was a nasty burn if ever I heard one! It was harsh and Víctor just couldn't deal yet that ALL of that WAS in fact THE BURN!

"Izzy seriously! Look at his face woman! I still hadn't prepared him for that yet! You just gave birth a week ago! Why are you here anyway?" She takes another sip of her coffee and gives me a smile.

"I bet my dear red hot Brooklyn sister is very happy that she's getting you home early so that you really give it to her the way she needs in her last trimester! Helping her with a more speedy birth in the most natural way possible! I bet my own ass she's very happy! I swear to the Goddesses, being pregnant and giving birth to Alphas, at least without my mate's comfort, is the worst thing ever and then you fall in love with the little things! What kind of witchcraft is this!" She takes another sip. She's worse than before!

"Sister coul---" She just waves me away. She's basically said that she won period.

"Fuck yeah I came to gloat! But more importantly I want to interrogate the prisoners! Are you boys up for it? I need both of your calculations to be extremely precise today so are you guys up for some fun? Make sure Phoebe is there! I'll meet you at the entrance so we can be briefed on whatever stupid shit they've already said this past month and see which one hasn't gone completely crazy yet! This is going be to like one of those pleasures I haven't had in a very long time and I really want to savor it!" That did sound fun!

Yaya is there as well staying out of sight and Braka's in the control room.

And she orders all the barriers down so they could hear her speak with the first prisoner only but they could only hear her, they couldn't be heard. She sits down on a chair and crosses her legs. She is wearing white on purpose to represent peace and calmness and everyone knew that white was a color of Mercy for the Goddess Selene. She has a hanging gold necklace strand which holds a variety of different stones of varying colors in intervals not only her medallion which sticks out as her symbol of power, these other necklaces displayed the variety of the people that were now Osupa.

"Let's talk... How long has it been since you have spoken to anyone? I'm very sure that Alexandra is waiting for you! Is she your mate? A daughter? Have you been enjoying the food?" She asked him.

"You are... The Alpha of The Osupa?" He said astonished and we looked at each other not really understanding his answer. He didn't seem all there.

"Yes, I am the Alpha! It says here that you're Hashaan. Tell me pretty boy. Why were you trying to attack The Weer?! Who's Alexandra?! If she's in danger we can locate her and extract her we just need exact information." This is basic ops, you ask the perp exactly what it is you want and to let them know that you have something of theirs in return and are willing to negotiate with them what could be the future that you may have. She says that we can do it very clearly she just never says we will, but making him think that we are in fact willing to rescue and put our people at risk for his mate or whatever.

"Again it says here that you're Hashaan... Hashaan why were you attacking The Weer?" He looks confused, Daniella goes in and injects him with Lucid potion. And he then looks better.

"Yo Hashaan! Why were you attacking The Weer?" This is testing my patience.

"They didn't tell us it was you doing those extractions, they never mentioned The Osupa I swear it we were on our way to The Weer from Tanzania with a group." 'He speaks truth.' Phoebe tells us.

"That's not what I asked. I want to know why were you ATTACKING The Weer. Now this can play out two ways... If you're not going to talk then you don't need your tongue, your tongue has all those taste buds that let you enjoy the food you've been eating. You can not tell me and loose it." And she puts pincers and a dagger on one side. "Or you can talk and borrow this for 20 minutes. In case you feel like reaching out and talking to someone else." And she puts a satellite phone on the other side. "Why were you attacking The Weer Hashaan?" He is looking at his options. Víctor lays against the wall, he's not dressed in white. He's is in all black, attire without his suit jacket to showcase his packed chest holster. He presses a code into a control panel letting us now hear the other prisoners from The Gambia.

"You all heard the offer! Don't any of you idiots have anyone to call? For fucks sake you're breaking my heart!" Víctor says. And some go to the bars burning themselves begging for the phone.

"You answer our questions and you may use it for 20 minutes! I am not negotiating. Afraid to call and have no one in the other side? I saw a few of you try to make nasty scratches on my niece walls, that wasn't a fun day, was it? Do any of you even know what day it is?" Then on the third cell the prisoner talks... "Alpha of The Osupa? I have information for you, please I need to know they're ok." She touches a few buttons on the tablet, looking at who she was taking with.

"So you're Shomari is that right?" She goes to his cell and he's on his knees.

"Yes Alpha, I am." The young wolf answers, I catch a South London accent, Izzy and Víctor caught it too. He must be about Ura's age, has very pale skin and a mop of curly black hair. Loiza orders that the bars be opened and Víctor just makes sure to stand closer to her.

"Look at me Shomari." And the young man looks at her. "Get me an eye contact kit." And he's already nervous. Daniella gets her what she ordered and Izzy orders him to take them out. He hesitated but obeyed and took out his contacts, his eyes were pink!

"You're an albino. Why would an albino who grew up in South London attack The Weer all the way in The Gambia, Shomari?" I ask him. I also like dressing nice for a good interrogation. Sure not as glamorous and regal as Izzy and not Angel of Death like Víctor. Just my regular black suit with white shirt and black tie.

"I went to South Africa to get my three sisters and two cousins, other women handed me their children with albinism, but we were intercepted by Council Warriors, they must already taken them to Tanzania! I was trying to get us to The Weer to meet with you there, most of us wanted to meet with you to get out of our own particulars, for many of us the albinism in our genes makes us targets. They have my sisters Alpha, my cousins, the others are just pups! I went to swear fealty to you and they took them! What choice do we have if they take your own?" I can see Phoebe linking her. She hands him the phone and has Yaya walk in the cell with the sound barrier up to listen in.

"Well Shomari let's see if you can keep your cool under pressure, right now you must understand that you're not in my good graces, yet you have my sympathy, I feel the Beta in you, make as accurate calculations and precise assessments of the situation, if you need more time Yaya will link me. But I want you to find not just your family, I want you to show me you CAN be Osupa, I want them all! If they are a target find them, usually the target on our back makes us learn how to bend and adapt, that helps evolution. Make the call and gather as much intel as to where they're holding anyone if they actually decided to keep anyone alive and their coordinates. Raise the barrier here!" She tells control. And he goes to task.

"Is it like this for all of you, are all the those you're trying to get out albinos?" They all say yes, but the one next to Hashaan, grabs Phoebe's attention.

"This one lies my Queen! He is one of them, he is Chairman Tiago!" Are you fucking serious?! I go over and look at him. He had a long beard, son of a BITCH! We had him! He was using glamour magic.

"Get him out of there shave him and get him looking nice! When he is ready you will only call Víctor and me I want him in the last cell on level 3, and a very good camera I want him sharp for his close up. Izzy handle this, we'll get what we need from Tiago" She nods at me, she really never likes this part of interrogations. I look at Víctor... We DO!

"I want signed confessions and detailed explanations on what happened to you, how you were threatened and coordinates of where your families are if they live." Izzy tells them, she's planning another extraction. 'Izzy are you serious?' With her Alpha voice commands me to do my job, I felt she gave Víctor the same command. And she goes to the command center.

I take off my jacket and hand it to Jacob who for some reason wanted to be here saying he was bringing Phoebe a snack... Whatever, as long as he keeps it nice, that was tailored to perfection by Master Oscar. Víctor already had his sleeves rolled up I decided to do that as well, it's also custom tailored! Before we enter the room, we are given some particular contraptions called Kosiooruns, for our noses. This particular room was enchanted over a century ago as the worst phycological torture chamber. It goes into your mind, searches out the scent of the ones you love the most and have that scent smell of death, decay and decomposition... The scent comes from everywhere and you can't escape it, even when you hold your breath.
###chapter 99: The Hereditary Mark
Bayoán's POV

It looks like Tiago has already wretched twice.

"This is just one of your tricks! My mate and my daughter are just fine!" Our people in the inside already gave us profiles on EVERY Council top heads and their families. We had already read the report saying that his mate and daughters were safely in Nova Scotia in two locations.

"Of course Tiago! They were doing just fine in that charming home outside of Lunenburg, very nice! However we did get a little mad when you and your buddies decided it would be ok to burn our DAMN ISLAND! Now that wasn't very nice! So we thought to ourselves, why not just take everything they love and give it the same respect?" I looked at his mate and daughters both have her dark brown eyes and golden hair.

"Impossible! Not even Armand knows were they are!" Tiago's eyes are black and his canines are out. Perfect, because his other two daughters are an hour South of Halifax.

"Víctor send a team out for another pick up South of Halifax, I want a nice family reunion were Tiago will see his remaining lovely daughters each drink a healthy amount of wolfsbane and leave them here with him so he can see them rot as much as the others. The scents will complement each other!" Víctor keeps it going.

"For just two, we can just port them in! I am sick of waiting Bayoán, give me 15 minutes I want them all dead now!" And he heads out the door. And right on schedule.

"I told them that it was a mistake! Many of us knew it was a stupid move, I moved my family before the attack! I stayed to make them think I was going along and take any suspicion away from my family. Please leave my youngest daughters, they don't know anything, they are innocent!" I look at Víctor and nod, if we have to bring them here and their screams fill his ears because they will smell their dead mother and sister, so be it.

"I don't care about your dead Tiago... We have over 1,500 of those! Víctor's sister there was an elementary school teacher who had just found her mate. Víctor, how would you like for Tiago's lovely daughters to smell what he's smelling, to know that they are dead and their father a criminal of war?" Tiago's eyes started to show panic.

"I already told you, I'll be back in 15 minutes! Maybe we can sample it, as long as I get to hear it and we can put them all in the pit were we put the others, I'll be right back." Víctor left the room, still we gave Tiago the chance, dude we really don't want to do this but if it gets us what we need, we will.

"NO PLEASE! KILL ME! I PARTOOK!" Whatever... Yet Izzy comes in with a Kosioorun on her nose and her tablet with the information. Why did she decide to come?

"So that's why they're going to Halifax!" And Tiago goes to her feet and she just kicks him away. "Stay the fuck away from me!"

"Mercy Mighty Alpha, I beg for your mercy!" Izzy just looks repulsed by him.

"Beg all you want Chairman, you won't find it from me, you want mercy for your daughters?! I would have wanted the same courtesy for my people, but you had to be greedy idiots who didn't give a damn about mercy! You were directing the attackers in Gambia knowing that we were extracting packs YOUR people were attacking, packs that were under YOUR jurisdiction. Is that true or not?" She wanted this confession badly. With this we have the strongest case against them for our declaration of war, the seed of doubt on other packs.

"Please Alpha Loiza!" He begged.

"I asked you a question, yes or no?" And as Tiago kept thinking about it, we already heard screams outside. Víctor came in with two teenage girls with gold hair. They went to the floor with their father. 'I thought we were just going to bluff.' I ask Víctor. 'It was The Alpha's order.'

"I want that answer NOW CHAIRMAN! Or your lovely daughter won't look so lovely in ten seconds. I want her face gone Víctor, I want that everytime he tries to remember her face, he also remembers she doesn't have one." Damn Izzy ain't playing today.

"As you command Alpha! 10, 9, 8, 7..." Víctor cocked his gun and had it locked on the first girl's face.

"YES! YES IT WAS!" He finally says. She orderers me to sit him on the chair and lock him. She takes his daughters in each hand with her claws extended and locked in their bones so Tiago knows she's serious, the girls couldn't stop crying and screaming.

"Look into that camera and say exactly what you did, say it all true, I hear both these girls are Kappas and that they really enjoy drawing. I know you really don't give a damn what your people need to have a good life and don't care about the Greek Alphabet code but I bet you really enjoy watching them draw! If you even THINK of lying I WILL KNOW, and before you watch both your remaining daughters loose their beautiful faces you will listen to them scream in agony at the loss of their precious hands as I rip them to shreds! So START!" Víctor and I are both caught off guard. But it seems to give Tiago no choice and she doesn't look like she's bluffing. She starts riping one of the girls wrists and she screams in pain. And Tiago starts singing like a bird.

He confessed how The Warewolf High Council lost a lot of the earnings from taxes they collect from the packs under their jurisdiction to terrible investments. How Chairman Armand put his own son, a Delta, in charge of these trades, Deltas and numbers don't mix. So to hide the lost of those founds he started taking from very small packs whom no one payed attention to. But it wasn't enough. He needed REAL money to cover this blunder and the only pack with the amount they needed was us, he already had buyers for our tech!

They already had our location but they couldn't attack us face on. They needed the purest blood to cast a powerful elemental spell and a Prime Priestess of a powerful lineage to procure it. Mortiana entered The Council after Kayden's mother so she didn't swear any Oath. So in the end the hardest part was to get the Unicorn blood and Marius was able to get it, as long as The Council left his pack to do what they wanted. He even said how after we got Karaya again, they increased the attacks at packs that would call for our aid or aid us. He explained how Blood Moon was spared because they couldn't extract Kayden's parents to make it look like a kidnapping because Kayden had commanded them to be guarded and not be able to speak after he found out. But that Keaton had already made sure it would look like the pack was attacked and leave, if their sons refused to join them, they would have to die, too. I saw Izzy retract her claws from the girls. I signaled Víctor and he acknowledged it... Kayden knew only just then and because of his dumb fear for loosing Izzy, and just had the dumb luck of ordering his parents to silence and watched... They couldn't attack us because they could in fact risking their biggest connection to US! His mother! He really didn't betray us as much as just trying to keep his mate. Izzy looked sick, just as Tiago finished his full confession, she looked green.

She had let go of the girls and Víctor held on to her and escorted her out.


Loiza POV


"Alpha, here." Víctor helped me with the Kosiooruns and to get to the control room were I was able to sit. And just as I am processing everything said I can't stop thinking about Kayden and out of the blue ANOTHER DAMN Mark burns through my left wrist of the symbol for Earth!

"Are you KIDDING ME RIGHT NOW?!" And then I felt it, it wasn't just me! I leave the control room and go to them! I leave the dungeons and go upstairs, pass the South wing close to the entrance to the kitchens, pass the second inner courtyard and up the back stairs to my own chambers, I could already hear them crying. Isla, Mónica and Suanía are trying to calm them, I take Jade's tiny left hand and there it is I check out Deacon and he too has it. I take off The Guanín and unclasp the top of my dress to latch them to me, it's about time they ate and it will soothe all three of us.

"They just appeared mija, why would Gaia Mark them?" Isla asks.

"I think this Mark has nothing to do with me..." I show them mine. "I feel this Mark has to do with Kayden, what has he done?" I ask more to myself. I link Gloria... 'Gloria, I want a report about what just happened at Blood Moon or if something happened with him ASAP!' He has a new title. 'On it Alpha!' She responds.

"Izzy what's going on?" What could he have done? "IZZY! What happened to the babies?!"

"Kayden has a new title and a Mark that goes with it, and from the fact that we all got it, it's hereditary. I have Gloria investigating." I link Víctor and tell him to give the girls forgetting potion and send them back to Halifax, we have what we need, to contact Braka and Ayiti who sent a team to a Council safe house in Tanzania to get everyone in it... Shomari's calculations were on point. And to have The Lady Magdalena ready to receive me and my pups at the shrines. I look down at my pups playing with the necklaces of gold strands with intermittent different colored stones and their wide eyes now dry and calm.

I have Isaura unbraided my hair, while her daughter and apprentice Cordelia, removes my makeup. Ximena gets me a simple white gown for my visits to The Shrines. Isla and Nía got ready to go with me, they each carried one of the babies, the Lady Magdalena was waiting with wreaths of white roses for Selene, green for Gaia. The gardens looked like a rainbow exploded, Magdalena was doing her job wonderfully and under her care every flower of every tree was blooming, even the plum trees which gave me so much trouble. She already had everything ready for their naming to the Goddesses. Both Shrines were lit and each had their summonings and offerings and the placid scent of sage. It was almost dusk, the times were commuting with the gods was more possible... Dawn and dusk.

We placed them naked on the new Altar the Lady Magdalena asked to be in the center instead of a bench. It was large enough to have private gatherings for Blessings, like the one the twins will have when they turn one. They get a Blessing ceremony and then a Birthday party. I heard more people coming in the gardens, this is supposed to be very intimate affair, but the numbers of my family make that impossible, and I guess Víctor didn't want to miss his mate perform her first ceremony as Osupa. Even Maco brought Amelia, I smiled at them, he signaled that they would leave right away, 'Amelia wanted to see this.' He said. 'You know this isn't that big of a deal Maco, the real party is next year, I just wanted to name them today, their father gave them a gift and I want to honor it.' He did something that will grant them protection from something or someone, he'll be here for them one way or other. 'It's fine sister, she just wants to know what to do when her time comes' I look at him with a huge smile and he motions to not fuss and pay attention.

All in simple white clothes, no embellishments, no shoes, this place is Hallowed Ground. As their mother I am crowned with white chrysanthemums, the father is also supposed to be so, in lack of the father, the mother's father is to stand in as the male figure which will help mold them. I feel Maco take my hand, he is my oldest brother and real head of our family, so he is taking it upon himself the lectures to gide both on their own masculine side. I look at him and he doesn't even let me take it in. 'Pay attention Alpha!' And I look forward at my babies on the altar.

"We are here in this Holy place where our mothers from above and below keep us in balance and harmony. We are here to stand witnesses to the Blessings that shall be bequeathed upon these New Alphas of our people, their names already burning and being sent to the realms of the Goddesses where their names shall be engraved and be given places of honor to the sounds of Alpha Deacon Mirabal-Black and Alpha Jade Mirabal-Black. Today they have already received a Mark from the Great Mother herself by way of a Blessing from their father, Alpha Kayden Black of the Blood Moon Pack, whom also has Blessed their mother Alpha Loiza first of the Mirabal Dynasty, Cacique of the Hollowed Island of Karaya. May the Blessings of the Goddesses keep falling on this house, it's inhabitants and everyone who lives in this island and it's surrounding waters. Blessed Be." She finishes.

"Blessed Be!" We all repeat. 
###chapter 100: The Invitation
Loiza's POV

We received those who were extracted from The Council "safe house". I saw the videos and there is nothing safe about it. They were in underground tunnels were already some had been dismembered completely, their pieces sold off to the Black Market. Shomari, Hashaan and the others searched for their families. One of Shomari's sisters wasn't there, neither was Hashaan's mother or father, but all 22 of his siblings were with his father's third wife. Not all were albinos, but most were, 387 of them to be exact and others had conditions like Vitiligo, which made people around those parts believe it magical to eat this meat. In total there were 502. They were really the last bit of evidence we needed. Phoebe, Yaya and Morgana verified every story and except for the dummy who was supposed to be watching them, they all checked out. They begged for sanctuary which I granted. Hashaan and Shomari, now with all that fake black dye off his hair and looking very nice with long dreads and both in white linens were front and center to accept their sanctuary and be added to our people.

I wore pale green that diffused to pale yellow. It was a criss cross dress with long open sleeves, it had a white corset as a type of belt which also framed my torso and raised my cleavage, I wore the same cold leaf earrings, wolf arm band and The Guanín. The Queen's Braid again adorned with yellow pearls, seriously, Isaura needs to come up with something else! This is a pain on my hair, I just want to cut it off! The press already had their sources on what would happen tomorrow, so they wanted to broadcast my every public word to everyone on the island. I just keep feeling weaker, how am I going to do this? The greeting for the Tanzania group also had everyone very interested, albinism is a rare mutation in our particular breed so the people were already in the temples making offerings and prayers for matings hoping to be mated to one, these matings ensure the albinism be passed down to the children since the other person in the mating also carries that recessive trait in their gene pool as to maintain that valuable mutation... At least to US it is! Camouflage and espionage is crucial to our way of life, so those who already have this trait or close to it, like Joey and her twin sister Samantha. Their hair color is close to white but their eyes are indeed dark. Their family carry their genes all the way to the Klan af Sølvmånen (Clan of the Silver Moon), their old Alpha Odin came up with this bullshit story of... Well many of you know this tale. Anyways their specific breed carried all the way down from them. Spain had granted benefits to those who converted to their religion, we met them when we were still looking for a home and they used their own sea prowess to help and join with us. They are of a very powerful family in Karaya with the their original name Spøgelser af Fuldmånen, eventually it got cut to Spogel but everyone on this island know their legacy. Their power came from that mutation that serves as perfect camouflage for snow weather and their original viking spirit.

"And if we can train them for the harshness of the winter this could definitely cut some of our workload to actually enjoy the extra perks of this job." Enid has maintained the strength of her family and place in the tribe and their large estate near the village of Mabó north east of Itiba City in the mountains.

This is more of a help for vacation than competition Alpha! We would definitely enjoy training them and actually remember that we are from the TROPICS! Get to enjoy some summer sometimes! My skin is so sensitive to HOME now that I need REST AND HAVE A TAICARAYA drip Alpha! Like, no offense, but the Vampire juice?! We would be happy to train them but they must know we are not joking Loiza, you KNOW of our training! Tu madre knew, Diosa la bendiga, that more with a similar breed or mutation was needed mija, we've been doing this since the before we were Osupa! We have made sure to keep the breed strong for the needs of the pack. There is nothing wrong with their mutation, let US train them Alpha." Enid, the matriarch for The Spogel Family, was making the case to add them for The White Out tactics force. I was actually thinking about it, I mentioned it to Shomari who didn't see his mutation as powerful. Enid hosted them at their estate and The Spogels showed them what their family did for the pack. Shomari was very impressed and they came to an agreement to receive the training, they were less excited when they heard they would start in Siberia... This would help those who have been called horrible things to understand that who they were was actually very special and The Spogel Family have been carrying this weight for the pack for very long.

"Well I guess we will see what happens after tomorrow. Today we have seen how The great Werewolf High Council values us, we are just pieces to be sold off to hide their lack of true value, their fineries just fake freedoms they bestow only on the elites, the rest of the packs under their jurisdiction are just places of lowly transactions. After tomorrow we will take that veil off the eyes of every warewolf on the planet. After tomorrow no one can feign ignorance. After tomorrow we really get to see our enemy in the face and tell the 'WE KNOW WHO YOU ARE AND WE KNOW WHERE TO ALWAYS FIND YOU! Today we welcome our new brothers and sisters, they come from many countries which make up The African Continent.

"This brings great sadness for us as well. A large part of our words, customs and traditions, music and food, comes from this continent. Some of our Elders speak of it when their Elders used to speak of it and say finding it like something that must have happened to someone else but never to The Osupa, yet it did. We must continue to teach the old ways to not forget ourselves, we must continue to tell our story as well as the one we live now. For this shall be the first time we have ever declared war on The Warewolf High Council, I hope it's the last time we do too, for all of our sakes."


Kayden's POV


We drove into the pack house garage, while Moira and her Priestesses were standing by for my corpse or of a tied up insane wolf!

We opened the back of our trucks letting out every single dead asshole.

"250 My Lady, give or take! Happy? Avis, Gabriel bring Keaton and Lydia!" It was raining really hard. Caliburn and I are reaching an understanding. He sees he can't do shit to me and he can't lie either. He still really wants blood and just told me my loving parents only were so if Marcus and I were ok with their bullshit! They had a little plan to have everyone killed but they had to take them out of the compound, but I had eyes on them.

"Alpha!" Avis and Gabriel came with them... Marcus and everyone came out to look. I put Keaton and Lydia at one of the blocks where I took those other heads, two more wouldn't make a difference.

I ordered Marcus to put her first, as I am now, I want Keaton to feel pain, I can't tell if she does anymore, but I KNOW he is still willing to do anything for her. So to see her go first will be feeding of my anger at them.

"Kayden, son what are you doing?! Have you gone mad? Everyone look! My sons have gone insane!" The Lady Moira stepped in front of her and looked her up and down.

"I still can't believe that you were ever a Priestess." She tells her with her empty eyes.

As Marcus and I prepare to execute our mother, the Lady Moira just chants...

"Lydia, Lydia, gold and fair,
What bloody stains have you in your hair?
For all the Blessings on you such
That hath never a need for much
For a Priestess yearns for freedom
For you it's now become an alien term
For Freedom in the next life is something
You definitely did not earn.
Did many fakeries with your poses
Welcome to the Club of the Cursed Roses."


She looks at me and nods and swing the sword. Keaton tries to lounge at me and got loose from Avis he starts shifting to attack me but I swung Caliburn at his throat and just like that I was retching my breakfast.

I throw the fucking sword to the floor. "I have done EVERYTHING that has been asked of me to get her back! Am I really cursed like Marius?! Have I lost my mate?!" The Lady Moira looks at me like I have lost my mind.

"What are you talking about boy? Cursed like Marius? Arcana, put those two in dry ice! Alpha Kayden is going to present them to the gathering tomorrow!" Wait what?

"Marius told me you took his mate away from him! Gathering?!" I need someone who knows how to handle her better.

"Did he? Did he also say how he was Blessed with a beautiful Priestess and started wanting to give her the finer things so started buying and selling people and she found out after a successful Heat?" She looks as my parents heads are being cleaned up and put in the ice. "Her mating to Marius was indeed cut off by the Goddess and sadly because of his actions, the child was deemed the child of abomination and discharged from her body. She, of course got a second chance mate who are reserved for the truly righteous." She hands me an invitation from... 'The Alpha Loiza of The Osupa and Cacique of Karaya Island'

I go inside put it on the counter and dry my hands with a towel and pass it to Marcus. I take a knife and open it.

'The Osupa people want to invite you to a Declaration of War.

Their Alpha Loiza of the Mirabal Dynasty, Cacique of The Osupa and High Priestess of Avalon, wants to show you everything you need to know about the goings on what they don't want you to know, cocktail to formal wear attire recommended.

Location: THWC Main Office in London, be no later than 2:00 p.m. London time.'

"This is for TOMORROW!" She hands me Caliburn again and puts out her hand. What does she want?

"I need to see the Mark Alpha, I need to see it with my own eyes to have the power to hand it over to your custody... and it's 2:00 p.m. London time, so technically time is against you." I show her the Mark that I was told to show her. "We didn't curse Marius, that he did himself, Loiza hasn't been taken from you has she?" I shake my head slowly. "What you did is not trusting the one you love with the truth, you will see her tomorrow, so dress nice Alpha Kayden of the Blood Moon Pack, The Goddesses's Executioner and Master of Caliburn. Now go and get ready, and remember this isn't a ball Cinderella!"
###chapter 101: Declaration
Kayden's POV

We arrived with enough time to get fitted into some nice suits, we're big guys, we need tailored! We brought Adam, Jason, Leo and Josephine for some tactical who opted for a real nice suit too and she carried something like a hard little purse? What the hell do I know.

The place was bigger than the ###chapters in Washington and New York combined, it took us some up and downs but we got to the right meeting room at the large amphitheater. We were to sit at the middle center and right at 2:02 p.m. London time a massive portal opened right at the center and out she walked with a tight white cocktail dress to her calves, with spaghetti straps white pumps that made her look even taller, a fine white leather coat to match it. Her hair was done in a beautiful braid adorned with white pearls, she also wore earrings with a big pearl on each ear, the gold medallion on her neck, I almost couldn't see it, but she wasn't covering MY Mark. I can't stop looking how beautiful she looked it was painful to know that my eyes haven't seen her in so long I want to go to her and she locks eyes with mine and I feel it's just us among all that people.

"Loiza, love I know you can hear me. We need to talk!" And Bayoán and some other dude, is he ALSO her Beta? Covered her from me, more people are coming out from the portal and Moira walks out all in white as the day I first saw her. I see others I've met before, and I could feel the strong aura of the entourage. Moira raises her hand making all of us sit, and there were tables in front of us with an official leather bound declaration of war to The Council. It contained detailed forensic evidence, confessions including that of Chairman Tiago. Everyone was murmuring and trying to talk over each other yet a hologram projector popped up with Chairman Tiago telling everything and two more protectors pop up with what look like massive attacks.

"Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, I am Alpha Loiza, Cacique of The Osupa, thank you for your time. What you are witnessing are coordinated attacks against Luna Llena de la Sombra in Uruguay, who had around 3,000 members and Única Lua do Céu, in Brazil, they had over 4,600 members. These are not packs in the hundreds but in the thousands, they are considered by Council standards as medium to large packs, correct? Look at the time stamps ladies and gentlemen, did YOUR pack get attacked on that day at that precise time? What mindless rogues in these numbers can coordinate attacks like these? The answer is NONE! In the documents in front of you lay every detail of the charges against The Warewolf High Council for the crimes of treason, conspiracy to commit treason, genocide and crimes against the warewolf world in general. I Alpha Loiza Mirabal, Cacique of Karaya Island and High Priestess of Avalon acuse you directly Chairman Armand, Chairman Claude, Chairman Farrow, Chairman Elizabeth and Chairman Ibrahim of murder, slavery, rape and the corruption of countless Priestesses, taking from the Goddess Selene herself those who serve her!" The Lady Moira throws a frozen head front and center and looks at me to do the same as she instructed...

Right yeah put me on the spot! 'This is good dummy! WE get the credit in front of our mate, Aryn says she doesn't know!' Deacon tells me, hell yeah! After seeing her I don't care what heads I put before her! I get up and get closer and her scent is just as strong, I try to catch a glimpse of her eyes again and I did for a SECOND when someone gets in my way! Seriously?! I throw the heads out of the bowling ball bags we were carrying, probably Adam's dumbest plan to date! But I saw her reaction, by the Goddess her dimples! She thinks it's funny! Moira goes off on a rant about The Cursed Roses I didn't care for, and pushed through were she was and I took her wrist and grabbed her face with my other hand and kissed her, MINE! She grabbed hold of my collar with the hand of the wrist that I grabbed, just when I was going to leave her hand and take her waist I hear a Smith & Wesson .500 being cocked right at my head. I open my eyes to see her smiling face with her eyes opening, her blush and goosebumps matching my own.

"Very romantic Goldilocks, but take your hands off our Alpha please, you wouldn't want me getting her pretty white dress all nasty with your blood right?" I wanted to rip him apart! And she scoffs and goes forward passing by me.

"Let this be a warning for EVERYONE here! Should any member BELONGING TO THIS REIGNING BODY or associates dare come near my Island, there will be open season on all of you and to ensure you understand that I always mean what I say!" Those whom she mentioned earlier were lifted from their seats and I saw the Mark on her forehead shine red as well as her eyes and I look at the upper benches for those she mentioned and she blows their entire bodies, their blood looking like blobs in cero G! Some gasped, some screamed, some started heading out the doors. Her eyes met me again with hurt in then. No, no, NO!

"Code name Baby Face, are you ready to come home?" She says looking downwards. Baby Face?

"Oh Goddess Alpha I thought you would never ask! I'm sick of talking in this fucking annoying voice!" And Josephine gets up and opens her 'purse' and starts assembling a different sniper rifle and this one looks way more modern than the one she had!

"Are you serious right now?" And she comes over and smiles.

"It was a pleasure giving you my Alpha's gift! You have the best trained Epsilons outside Karaya, they could be better if they didn't complain about EVERYTHING! I also left some extras in my apartment, get your best techs on those." She was spying ON ME?!

"You seriously had a spy inside MY PACK?!" I ask her pissed but kinda flattered.

"Víctor do you mind putting that down! Kayden I just wanted to make sure you were ok and look! You are!" Council Warriors start shifting and Víctor and fucking Baby Face go to work as others do.

"This is our queue Alpha time to go!" Everyone starts returning to the portal, Leo comes over.

"Boss this is pandemonium we got to leave now!" I look at her again, I can't leave without her, I need to touch her again! And we are now stuck in cross fire and the portal closes.

"SHIT! Are you kidding me! What are they doing?!" The one called Víctor asks.

"I new we shouldn't have used a portal." Urayoán says.

"Shit happens, that's why we always have a Plan B. Ura, change to tactical." Loiza says as she places a device in her ear. "Joey, signal your new buddies, they won't be able to get out the front... Head do you copy? I don't care what happened just find us a way out" She inputs some data into what I thought was her phone. And zips up her coat. "Online, tactical gear, codename The Raven." And everything she has on turned into a white leather cat suit. "Joey, did you guys go to Tommy for the fitting?" And 'Joey' smiles. Her codename is The Raven?

"Duh! Ole Tommy's the man! These were bitching about the price!" And she pats me on the shoulder.

"Are you calling me cheap?!" They're all smiling like we're not in the middle of crossfire here.

"Hey bro in law or whatever! Have you felt as if you have gotten shot? These ain't stormtroopers ok, they don't miss for fan service, you are basically wearing armor against silver dude, so next time you meet up with Tommy you pay AND leave a bitchin tip!" Damn! And it is a nice suit too.

"Alpha there is roof access through here, The Head is sending coordinates to a UH-60 Black Hawk with a new rendezvous." Víctor says. That's a helicopter right?

"Ok we all fit, Lola you have left chair, don't even stat Ura I need you and Joey at the other side! Víctor, I need you at the 50-cal, Susana I need you backing Víctor. The rest of you don't lag and don't get shot! Move out!" Don't get shot?! She's treating us like pups and Marcus gives me a look! 'Is this really HAPPENING?!' She signals Víctor to go ahead she gets her own gun with a scope. And signals us behind her to follow. 'Marcus LOOK at them! They're not worried!' They all look in their element, they look so comfortable doing this, her brother has a bow and he's smiling from ear to ear, Josephine looks like she's with those she can truly trust will have her back. And my beautiful Raven, looks like she's about to jump of a slide!

Lola: "Izzy, we have motion in the two sections to the left ahead."

Loiza: "Copy that, Víctor, Susana greet the first group, Joey, you and Ura get group two. Lola we have a Black Hawk to jack, Blood Moon, follow us and match our speed." And she looks at me. "Do you copy?" I just nod.

We follow Loiza and Lola to the stairwell that leads to the roof.

"Do you see it Iz?" Loiza looks at her pad. And puts it away.

"Yup, but we can smell them too, and the civilians are wearing Tommy's gear, this should be fun cousin, ready?" We're civilians?! She looks at me. "You stay here and wait for my signal."

"Ready Izz!" Lola answers.

They both run up and we hear gunfire and someone is thrown over the rails, we look up but the rest of the group shows up behind us.

"We're the signal, let's go!" Josephine leads us up and there must be at least 20 bodies there! They go to the exit. And Izzy is powering it up on the right side and her cousin on the other.

"Izzy that was too fucking easy!" Ura says as he gets on.

"Why is it that whenever we do get lucky you have to go right in and jinx it?! It's annoying as fuck and I blame every single wrong thing that happens now on your ass!" She says as she starts this thing!

"Just make sure you don't crash this one!" He says.

"Oh please, everyone KNOWS that was my brother's fault! I still don't know how the fuck he passed his test! Ura, man sometimes I don't get that we're kin." Lola says. They all laugh finding it hysterical. But we're off.

"Fuck you Ura, remember when we had to leave Karachi ASAP, who fucked that up?! What's the rendezvous Víctor?" Loiza asks.

"Hey I don't get any shit for the Karachi mission, Suania fucked all of us!"

"Will you two shut the fuck up! It's like being with Natalia and Umbros!" Lola says and Víctor clears his throat.

"Stonehenge, Alpha! They can use the magical energy there to port us back!" Víctor says over the noise.

"We have to drop them off first!" Loiza says. NO!

"Please let us go with you!" I go next to her. "Please love, let--" Are we getting shot?

"Alpha we have incoming at 5 o'clock!" The one called Susana I think, said. Loiza looks at me and pushes me with the others.

"How many?! Evasive maneuvers hold on everyone!" I look back at--Holy Hades!

"It looks like more than a few... Izzy you may have made them mad blowing up those assholes!" Lola says.

"Heat seeking missiles drones Izzy!" Her brother says.

"On it!" So she fucking turns off the DAMN helicopter and shoots a fireball as far as possible, making them blow and turns the helicopter on again! She's insane!

"For fucks sake Izzy! You did the Johannesburg trick! Why do you love using it you fucking promised last time!" Her brother complains.

"Because it works every time and I know you hate it! We don't have time for this! Ura take the fucking cylic!" What's going on? Her brother takes the chair she was just in and she jumps out. Adam and Jason gasp and I almost lose my shit! However she landed on a platform of wind, she waits until we are far away.

"What will happen to her?!" I ask. Her brother smiles.

"Dude, chill! This isn't her first rodeo and she wasn't a High Priestess then!" She takes a stance and lights up both of her hands and sends it streaming to every single drone coming our way.

"Lola, I didn't find any tracking did you?!" She catches the landing gear and hops back on with Víctor catching her hand and pulling her inside like this is just another day for them. Josephine came later, but they didn't need a plan or hours to choose the right team, everyone knew what to do, who's instructions to follow, they looked confident in who they were working with. If this is a snippet of what they can do, the rest of us are just jokes. Loiza goes to the cock pit and finds a tracker under a box under Lola's chair which she burns on the spot. She links some instructions and she finally sits looking at me and I go sit by her.

"Don't do this... Please Kayden, don't do this." I feel my Adam's apple go up and down.

"Why?! You're my mate DAMN IT! ---I want to be by your side, please let me be by your side Love." I whisper the last part in her ear. I put my face in the crock of her neck where I know my Mark is and lower the zipper of her suit and expose it, I caress it with my thumb I go to it with my mouth. The scent coming from it already making me hard for her, and I kiss it and she melts on me. I want her right there, something is making her scent stronger. She wraps one arm around my neck and puts one hand to my chest.

"No. I need my head very clear now, give me time, please don't do this to me!" I don't want to let go of her and I know she doesn't want to let go either. Has she forgiven me? And I feel her let me go. FUCK! I lift my eyes to find hers but she's looking away.
###chapter 102: The Truth
Kayden's POV

"I'll take one of your men as a liaison, give me time and I will send you another invitation Kayden, choose the right man, if I find out of any transaction of information other than you he will find out how we got Chairman Tiago to sing like a little bird." I am starting to feel panic now, I am digging my fingers in her waist and I pull her closer to me putting my forehead on her chest, I hear her heart beating fast and she gave out a gentle whimper. Jason will make sure we look good, I need Marcus right now. She hands me a pearl from her hair, I hadn't noticed we landed where our plane was and we're alone in the helicopter.

"Is there anything I can say to change your mind Beloved?" I take the pearl knowing that it wouldn't play out like that.

"Yes, you can accept my offer. Kayden I just declared WAR on The Warewolf High Council, we are already getting strange reports from the fucking Vampire High Council and what is THIS?!" She asks about the Mark on my wrist, I tell her that I wield Caliburn now.

"Kayden do you KNOW what this symbol means?" I have no fucking clue, I just know I want to stay holding her. "You have no clue do you?!"

"What does it fucking matter?! She said that it would protect me from Mordred, do you have any idea what sick shit he puts into my head?!" I can feel her start pulling away but I keep holding her, I can't let her go again!

"Do you even KNOW WHO you are talking with?!" No idea, it got me here WITH HER again.

"No I don't Loiza! But I have a good feeling about it, she helped me get to you, that's all I want. I want to be with you at every moment that's all I want!" She turns back and looks at me.

"Is that ALL you want?! Me?" And she comes back to the helicopter she had already gotten off. And kisses me hard and breaks away. "Guess what? I want my mate too, one who will trust me! But I need MORE than just YOU, I can't think on JUST YOU! I need a lot of work to finish to ensure the future reig--- of my people I have a LOT TO DO!" She turns around again and gets down to give me room to leave. "Choose a man Alpha or choose none, I am giving YOU the opportunity now to TRUST ME! Do you understand." I get off and I nod, she trusted me and I fucked it up. She doesn't want to be my mate just out of desire and she won't be manipulated that way. Now she's the one asking me to trust her, like I didn't before.

"Jason, how would you like to go on an extended tropical vacation?" Yeah he's a good kid. And The Osupa start laughing.

"Vacation?! No Mijo no! Jason you will be my personal guest and you will have one weekend to explore the island, after that you will be training under whom I command, you can vacation on your time. Kayden will continue to be your Alpha, yet while you are our guest you will follow MY command and I already heard of all this bullshit complaining at Blood Moon, you're all too fucking soft! I still can't believe your Epsilons only passed basic!" What?

"BASIC?! That's BASIC to you?!" This is bullshit!

"You have to make your pack stronger, you have to learn to work as a unit no matter who composes that team. We didn't choose THIS team, but everyone knew their job!" She comes over to me and hands me a white ring.

"Open web" She says into it. 'Online' "This will help you see what we do in training 'search Delta Basics course" And a hologram projector popped up with everything needed to train a Delta.

"If you are captured you MUST destroy it! Swear it to me!" I take it and kiss her lips.

"I swear it Love, I'll turn it to dust." I put it on and take her face, she tries to turn away, for Goddess sake woman let me get a good look at you! I put my forehead on her's. I kiss her whole face and I linger on her lips. She gives me this look of want and need and gives me another kiss.

"Every week you will receive a coded transmission from Jason, get your best hackers to develop a system." She says while the others return to the helicopter.

"Like I said I left some goodies at my place, Leo take it to James and Percy they will know what to do with it." Josephine says.

'And while I'm still in your Link Network, I'm leaving you with another gift. When we leave and your on the plane say 'Open web' to the ring, when it says 'Online' ask for images of The Alpha, whatever you see is classified and it's coded for your ears only, don't show anyone, it could get her and Karaya's greatest treasures killed, do you understand?'... 'I understand, thank you.' 'You're welcome, Baby Face out!' She smiles and gives me a Peace sign. "It's funny because we just declared WAR!" And she starts laughing, they all do! I've never seen what they can do, and this is just a handful of them!

They leave, she looks at me and I feel like an imbecile for letting her go but at least I know I am not cursed or that I might loose her. She's giving me a chance to be who will not just want her, but trust her and see her for who she is. I go in the plane and find somewhere to be alone.

"Open web"

"Online"

"Show me images of Alpha Loiza"

"Searching... Images found"

Thousands of pictures come up and then I see it!

"Show me images of Alpha Loiza pregnant"

"Searching... Images found."

She's in different pictures from different moments, ceremonies, rituals. She was pregnant? I feel all the blood leave me.

"Web. When did Alpha Loiza give birth?" She has a pup?!

"Alpha Loiza gave birth to twin Alphas one week and one day ago." WHAT? TWINS!

"Turn this plane to Stonehenge right NOW!" I order. Son of a BITCH! WHY WOULDN'T SHE TELL ME?!

**There are ears and only you can listen to this transmission. She ordered Josephine to give you that information, so NO ONE will hear. She's already gone. Kayden she IS TRUSTING you with this secret, she is protecting them and is trusting you to do the same.**

'Who are YOU?'

**It's about time we continue your education. You have another shrine to build but you know that she needs you NOW!.**

I cover the ring now like if posseses the most valuable treasure I have...

"It's fine, let's go home." And I go back to the nook I was in before not wanting to be disturbed. She's right their protection is more important right now! Will I get to see them?

"Open web"

"Online"

"Show me images of the Alpha Loiza's twins"

"Searching... Alpha Kayden Black voice key unlocked" And right there was only one picture of them and a video. My hands couldn't stop trembling, our pups! Their hair is all their mother, their eyes are all me! They are perfect, they are BOTH Alphas! Their skin looks really nice, they don't look like newborns and I can't stop smiling!

"Play video." And it's her! It's her giving birth, whoa my pups were born in the ocean surrounded by fucking mermaids!

~"Their coming fast mija keep breathing, stay calm." I have pups and I get to see them be born! I'm NOT like Marius! Is that Luna Isla?

"Izzy you are doing awesome! Your making it look so easy." I'm a nervous wreck just watching!

"Ok Alpha in the next contraction you feel push!" She did this inside the water? Those two mermaids seem to really be helping.

"Are you serious right now! I'm here pushing and you want to fix my hair for the camera Nina?!" Nina was her sister right! That's the one that got Izzy the joint! Ha! She is really close to her siblings, if this is what it was with before with their parents, they probably hate mine. My pups don't have grandparents because one set helped kill the other and I killed them.

"She's crowning, the first one is coming." This is it right? Deacon is very alert. Is this how I would have felt?

"He's out! It's a boy!" Holy fuck he's huge! My poor mate! I take a deep breath. I could have been there! I could have held my pups in my arms.

"The other one comes!" A mermaid says.

"She's out!" A she? I have a son and a daughter! My baby girl was delivered by a mermaid! I look at their picture and yeah one is a little bit smaller and her skin looked like... I take the pearl Loiza gave me. It does look pearlescent, but the boy's skin is warmer, it's like mine, it has a hint of a gold tan to it.

And then, it's just her and she's not looking good here, there's a second message coded in the video.

"Kayden if you are watching this it means I gave Joey the order for you to find the truth, she would be the only one connected with you. I'm sorry I couldn't tell you before, you will find the particulars of the pregnancy in this file. I am working on how I feel about everything that happened, I know you didn't mean harm to my people, but you left us in a dangerous situation. You were just lucky enough to followed your instinct to put your parents under watch, but Yaya and I felt danger through all our stay. I can't trust THIS truth to anyone from your or any pack, I hope that I didn't make a mistake by trusting you with it. You know that they exist, you know I have been with no one else, so you know who's their father." She cracks a bit, I want to hold her so much. The person with her asks her if she can go on. I feel Deacon whimpering trying to hold her, Damn it! She tells the other person to give her some drops. She looks calmer now. "I'm going to be honest with you Kayden, I haven't been so well, I'm a Gamma, I wasn't born to do any of this! I am a Priestess and I really loved being out on the field. I don't know what I'm doing half the time, but I KNOW I have to protect them... And I am not just talking about the pups. We aren't 10,000 anymore and I took on my duty as I always have, before me, the pack goes first, that's how we survive. If I took your man, he will be my guest, he will know the secret. Our children don't have to be in hiding here we have been taking every security measure, so when you do talk with him take everyone around you into consideration. I hope you send Marcus so he can meet his nephews, but I understand the need to keep your brother and Beta. When the time is right I will call for a gathering for a treaty, Blood Moon will receive an invite, I hope you don't decline it... I hope... I hope to see you soon Kayden. Keep checking this channel, I made sure it was top clearance, I will keep adding more images, so you KNOW this ring can't ever leave your hand it takes shifting into consideration, you don't have to take it off for anything. I have to go now Beloved, you ARE Beloved by me Kayden, don't forget that you idiot! I'll send you more books with my notes here as well, you can have my notes as a cheat sheet baby, but what's the point if you can't see the puzzle for yourself? The other book, I didn't leave it there, if she's reached out to you, follow her voice, read between the lines."

She stops again, I see someone hands her some water, I'm not there and she just had twins, she NEEDS me! "Kayden I have been solving puzzles and cryptic shit my hole life, by now you must already know I have read it, it's not like she lets anyone read it. If she left it with you it's because that brain of yours CAN read it. So I would really appreciate if you could get a move on that! I already have two Betas working at balanced velocity, but by the way we are growing I estimate a third very soon and yeah I did it while pregnant. Aryn complains of having Study Hall with Deacon maybe she'll stop bitching about it." She rests her head on her hands, she looks exhausted. "Well Love, wish me luck! I am about to declare war on The Warewolf High Council and any other asshole who fucks with my people." She's in tears at this point, and the person with her takes the camera.
###chapter 103: Post Natal Care 🌶️🌶️🌶️
Kayden's POV

I feel like the dill hole who goes out with the smart chick, so that I don't have to do anything at school! No wonder they think we're a bunch of fucking cry babies. I didn't have to work to hard getting to see this, but for me to know all this information she made sure I looked for the right things. It wasn't hard, but I had to do it by myself, she turned it into a little puzzle. If I would have been what my father was to my mother I would be by her side right now, I would have held my pups as they were born, I would have been there to give her the prenatal care she needed yet, I STILL can give her post natal care! I have to claim her again after birth giving her body the boost I know that a female needs from her mate at such a time. She must have filmed this last night, the pups are just a week old, it was my duty to help her and continue to love and claim her every day to boost her body to produce more milk, no wonder she smelled different, she's breastfeeding. It makes me want to take their fucking heads again. Maybe we could negotiate for me do my postnatal duties to her, I hope Jason gets to call right away. I tried to link him but there's no way. I had Marcus wake me when we flew over The Caribbean, maybe we could try linking him there.

'Deacon, we have a lot of training to do.' 'I know.' He sounds so solemn.

------------------

"Kayden, wake up man we are lowering our height, we're going over The Caribbean." I wake up immediately.

"I want everyone to link Jason now!" After half an hour Leo was able to link him and give my message about meeting with Loiza, this is a long shot, but I didn't like how I saw her in that recording. They gave us coordinates of somewhere to land. It was a desolate island with a runway, nothing else. I told everyone to leave me to talk with them alone, but it was Bayoán, that guy Víctor and Luna Isla.

"Alpha Kayden, so nice to see you again, so SOON..." Bayoán started.

"Enough Bayoán! Alpha what matter exactly would you be referring to as your duty to Izzy?" Apparently Loiza has left Isla as official Luna.

"That which must be done after, to care for her wellbeing, I saw how she looked Luna, is she like that every night?!" Víctor looked at Bayoán who cut the smirk and looked down.

"I was checking if you did get to that part Alpha... She's not well. She is producing less milk by the day, she sleeps less. We have already talked about a Wet Nurse, but that is stressing her more!" Shit!

"Luna I am willing to come to her for a few hours every night, no one has to know. I will make sure she's taken care of, I will claim her every time and give her anything she needs." She nods to Bayoán.

"She doesn't know yet, two hours every night for her to regain her strength lover boy. We will bring you back in two hours, then you can fly away home and we will get you every night at midnight Cinderella, you can't leave her room unless it's by her command." How bad is she if Bayoán, blue eye edition, is totally ok with this. I link Marcus and tell them to wait for me. 'Are you serious?! We're in the middle of nowhere!' 'Marcus I fucking order all of you to wait for me!' I see him raise his arms in defeat.

"Take me to her." Luna Isla signals me to follow her through a portal. And we are in long hall outside closed double dark wood doors next to us, Víctor and Bayoán leave.

"They'll come for you later, listen Kayden, she needs this desperately, this is a very difficult time for a mate less female. She needs your care I didn't think you would think on it." Wait...

"Why wouldn't you think I would think it? And she's not mate less! She's MY mate and I don't have a Block, I knew she was in pain, I just didn't know why." And she gives me a smile.

"Sorry mijo, I misjudged you, just so you know every room is soundproof, come!" She opens the door and there is only light coming from the balcony, this room is massive! We reach the balcony and she is sitting there with a blunt and a glass of wine. She shakes her head a little.

"Mija, I brought something that you need." She doesn't even look up, just covers her nose. She looks like a dish with her black satin camise and shorts in front of the fire. I can hear the roar of the ocean.

"Is it that nice Rioja I wanted?" Isla just goes to the door, gives me a knowing smile and leaves.

I caress her cheek and I feel the goosebumps and the lightning, and so did she. I walked over to the edge, even the balcony is a huge half dome with a half roof! I check out how much of the famous Karaya Island do I get to see. Not much, not in darkness, but I see exactly what I want.

"Is this a castle or something?" Silence.

"Or something..." I can't help but smile that she isn't kicking me out. I turn around and she's offering me the blunt. But she looks beat and today mustn't have been a walk in the park, although she sure made it look like it.

"You found my hang out spot Alpha Black! Would you like to sit?" I certainly park myself right next to her. Blow out and put it down, there's just one thing I want, my body is reacting to the knowledge of the pups and I can smell them on her, they smell well taken cared for. Will I get to see them?

Their mother is another thing. I can smell the lack of some nutrients she needs and my body is reacting to give it to her. I feel hers giving in. I wrap my arms around her waist placing her on top of me while I grind into her. Her scent was driving me crazy, but I couldn't pin point what it was, I had never had a pregnant mate before. Her scent now doesn't let me think, it's just telling my body what she needs and she needs me on top and inside of her badly. I carried her bridal style into the bedroom and I placed her on the bed and took my jacket and tie off. I kissed her Mark, getting more goosebumps and hard nipples I started caressing from under the fabric. I took that off and again I feasted on her beauty. I unbutton my shirt while I just watched her watching me. She was so still, as if patiently waiting with her eyes full of her soul.

Her eyes following my every move and the scent of her need was making me go faster. I take her bottoms off, she was a small puddle already. She was whimpering at this point, fuck it I will give her what she wants now and right now she really needs a good fuck.

"It's alright baby, I know you're in pain." I kiss her forehead, her lips, her neck. "It's been painful without you, too my beautiful mate."

I go in gently and fuck, she's as tight as before and her whimpers turn to tears and moans, she holds tightly to me. And I start trusting harder and faster.

"Please, don't stop Kayden. It hurts so much!" And my beautiful mate is in tears, shit, I should have been here! I kiss them and I feel her reaching her orgasm I speed up to catch up to her and just as I spill myself inside her I bite down on my Mark and I'm in heaven, I can feel through the Bond she is recovering and her body is taking from mine what it needs. We lie there for a moment until I felt she got what she needed and glad I wasn't to tired to give it to her. I retract my canines and get to task of cleaning it so it heals nicely again.

I lay next to her spooning her on one elbow and caressing her waist, her hips, her thighs. We didn't have to talk, I could feel how tired she was, how she's falling asleep.

"Hey code name Raven, let's get you cleaned up ok? C'mon sweetheart." I pick her up and I try to guess which door is the bathroom. She chuckles and points to the one the left, there were three!

"By the Goddess, it's bigger than the room! How's it you don't get lost in here?" She has this lazy smile but her complexion looks better. I sit her on a spa type bench, she is just smiling and watching me like before. I can't help but kiss her lips. I finally figured out how the shower worked and she got a long stick for her hair and put it up, she is so beautiful.

"C'mon love, no wet hair, got it!" I cleaned us both. This shower has where to sit. If this is just HER rooms, I wanted to check this place out. But I made a deal and I am getting to be with her for a little while and make sure she's ok to take care of the pups. I will work on making this permanent, but I don't want her next recording to give me nightmares of her withering away. I laid her down and I spooned her again, her head lying on my bicep and my arm holding her close to me and she fell asleep, I stayed there looking at her sleep I wanted to join her but I knew my time was up. I kissed her telling her I would be back tomorrow and started getting dressed and no sooner did I got my tie...

"C'mon lover boy it's time to get you back." Víctor calls me while Luna Isla and Bayoán go to Loiza.

I follow Víctor... "So, you're Loiza's second Beta? Apparently she's going to need a third soon." He stops and turns around.

"At the rate we're going, yeah very likely. If the Alpha told you something it's her prerogative to do so, but keep it to yourself. That woman in there has been a pain in my ass for a good chunk of my life! But see here's the thing about our pack, two people might not like each other very much, but there is something that moves every single link and that is duty and honor to your people. And if there is something I respect and admire greatly from our Alpha is that she takes on her duty without bitching about it. Dude on THIS island your mate has loyalty and respect from her people, of those who like her and those who don't, loyalty means EVERYTHING to us! I have a mate and I can imagine what you're going through and because of that sympathy for HER, her decaying condition and the insistence of The Luna is why this is being allowed. No one on this island would hurt or betray your pups man, for now I do my job and you do yours. I know that your not just focused about getting in her pants, she's your mate, she's already given you two pups and US two heirs. But I know she hopes to present you to everyone, but you have to get your shit together... If it would have been your pups lives on the line today, would YOU have trusted your people to take care of them or US? Now C'mon, I want to get back to my own sweet mate! Hasta luego Goldilocks." And a Priestess opens a portal back to where the others were.

"Where the hell did you go?! Why are we HERE?" Yeah, I totally ditched them.

"Look I just wanted to make sure Jason was fine, ok? And he is, so let's go!"

"What about the ring? Will it help us be more like them Boss? I have to say, it was kinda embarrassing to know YOUR the package you see elite teams in movies protect." Adam has always been prideful of being a strong Gamma, yet he loves those types of movies, so I can only laugh at his disappointment.

"Yeah it's full of instructions, but we can't ignore what we saw. They are the best because they train without complaints, we have to step up our game even more, remember guys, we are under the jurisdiction of Avalon now, we count on their protection and support, but we still don't know what that entails. Let's go home and prep a new training schedule in the morning, in the meantime call home and tell them to have raw steaks waiting for me." I have a mate and pups to care for.
###chapter 104: Bone Marrow 🌶️🌶️🌶️
Kayden's POV

I locked my door and ordered to not be interrupted until morning. I was jetlagged and was anxiously waiting until midnight for them to get me to take me to her. I was just in jeans a white T-shirt and white sneakers.

The portal opens and I cross already getting her scent, but there's something else. We weren't in Loiza's room, Víctor leaves while Bayoán kisses the pups's foreheads and gives me a warning look.

"Are you serious man?! These are MY pups!" And Víctor returns and takes him away.

"Bayoán, you and I will talk later, do you understand?" Isla tells him without looking at him.

"As you say Luna!" He responds.

"Please forgive Bayoán, he's a lot like his father, he is very overprotective of his family. Enough of that, I brought you earlier so you could see them yourself. Also their scent on you will be good for her mood." I can't believe it! They're right in front of me! I pick up the girl and she's stunning, she is a little photo copy of her mother, down to her cupids bow and dimples. Her skin was so soft and it did have the pearlescent look, but you could barely see it in person. Luna Isla took her claw to her and told me to look. She scratched her, but her skin was unbroken!

"Now try with the boy." And I pick up my son, he already looks strong and alert. I take out a claw, and I'm unsure about this... She takes my claw and puts pressure to his skin, but it took a lot to cut him, he cried a little but regenerated almost immediately.

"We don't know if it's that they're the product of two Alphas, being born in water full of mermaids, Queen Pasha's Blessings... Or if you two started a new mutation, their skin is being cloned to experiment on it's features. Also..." She shows me both of the inside of their left wrist and clear as day there's my new Mark. No wonder Izzy made such a fuss! Marks appear on her pups and sees it on me, duh she wants to know!

"Caliburn will never hurt them, no matter how long they hold it or get cut by him." I tell her. I take both of my babies, the girl looks like she's got a secret she'll never tell and he is so serious. I can't help myself and hold them tightly... Shit! I helped make these!

She hands them to a woman to take them to sleep.

"She produced milk all day and we were able to pump it and good too because she has slept all day! We made sure to leave her. This pass week she only slept 4 hours. So thank you, keep doing what you're doing, Come!" We go to her room, she's sleeping like she's lounging, and has this lovely smile on her face. And she is as naked as I left her! They were taking the milk pumps out.

"There's water and other things in the refrigerator, if you want anything else call me on your ring and it will connect you to me. Ok?" I can make calls with the ring, too?

"Thank you Luna!" She smiles and leaves.

I hurry and go wake Izzy. I take off my sneakers and climb in bed and just rake her body with my eyes and just want to take little bites of her, I bite her ear, I bite her lip, I lick my Mark. And she's stirring, I touch all of her body and her nipples are rock hard just like me, I take little bites of those. I go lower and open her legs wide and give little bites and kisses inside her thighs, licks to her clit and of her core and I feel her hands on the back of my head encouraging for me to continue...

I take off my shirt and go back to her pussy and her moans are making me harder. I feel from her end that she's recovering but still needs me to go easy on her body but hard enough to to fill her with pleasure.

I keep playing with her pussy going to my Mark and suckling it while putting one, two fingers inside her. And she rewards me with her moans and her hand is looking for my cock. I unbutton my jeans and throw them on the floor, and welcome her touch, she shifted her body towards me and the hand that found my cock traveled up slowly up my abs, my chest and found my face and lowered it to hers. We made out for a while, I never just made out with her, I loved this feeling, she was showing love, I loved feeling that she loved me.

I looked in her eyes when I started playing with her pussy again, she looked at me with begging eyes, I kissed her temple.

"I know what you want baby, let's charge you up a bit ok? I want you really wet and in need today. I want to see if what I read works." She looks doubtfully.

"You're going to experiment on me?" She asks me with a hoarse raspy voice... Meh, maybe!

"Babe, will you trust me?! Besides you had a spy in my pack, you owe me!"

She's really wet now and her scent is even stronger and I enter her, again gently but then her need made mine escalate until we came and I sunk my canines on the bone right behind her ear and I felt it. As my canines punctured the bone it's if my marrow is being sucked out but I feel hers get stronger, I feel more pain than pleasure. Yesterday she would have been to weak for it, I was reading on ways of after birth recovery for females who were very weak, they recommend this. I let go and lie there catching air, I feel like I'm about to pass out... I even think I did because I feel her getting something, I don't remember her getting up. She raises my head on her lap and gives me cold water and pours some on my head.

"Are you better now? Kayden?!" She sounds worried, I want to tell her I'm fine. Isla comes in and I can tell Izz is explaining to her what happened, hey my Spanish is getting better!

Then the doctor comes in. Sure just leave me there naked! Oh Right, The Osupa don't really care about that.

"He's going to need to consume a lot of blood, I'll send something from the kitchens to help him recover the blood loss and a potion to help speed his regeneration. It must have been the first time he's done it this is only recommended in extreme circumstances if the female is VERY weak, some males become desperate to help their mates that they don't care about the risks to it. The good thing is it does help the female a lot but weakens the male... do you hear that Alpha, this could have killed you! Next time ask a doctor! But now that he's punched through the bone, it will be very easy to have access to it and transfer marrow, so the bone won't heal for at least a month Luna, it will remain this way to allow him to keep transferring marrow. We just have to keep giving HIM the meat that was not really helping the Cacique, she will get what she needs from him. I'll send for some morcilla, Alpha Kayden, how does that sound? Have you ever had blood sausage?" I give a thumbs up, but I really could do with blood.

They leave us alone and Izz gets a kimono from her closet and a robe for me.

"Baby you couldn't have brought this before all those women came in here?" And I hear her laughing, I can't contain my own smile. She comes and gets inside my arms.

"I always forget what prudes outsiders are! You didn't have to do that Kayden, you experimented but the cost could have been too high!" And Isla brings a tray with assortments from the kitchens.

"Yes I did love and please don't say that again, remember I refuse to have a Block, so you feeling like this is killing me." She dodges her eyes from me. She goes to the tray and puts something in my mouth, it's a bit spicy, but the taste of the blood is heaven.

"You like it?" More!

"My love there isn't anything that your pack cooks that I don't like, more please." And her smile and how she looks right now made this totally worth it. "Here, czernina, it's Polish and this is dinuguan, it's a pork blood stew and steamed rice cakes." It's 1:30 in the morning after I eat all of that... Oh yeah, and it was a wonderful bloody mess, I feel so much better. I have her in my arms, I already smell her need again but she's so still, I feel in the Bond she doesn't want me to hurt again, but I AM hurting not touching her, I wish she didn't have her Block so she could understand. So I have to be more creative.

I untie her robe while kissing her Mark so to distract her a bit and rake my fingers down her body reaching her sweetest spot. Her moans are intoxicating, I put her on her stomach... as I am entering her I notice the markings and tattoo on her back. "What are these love?" I am gently trusting inside her, tracing them with my fingers.

"I'll tell you later, I'm not in the mood to talk about how everyone is turning me into a bathroom stall for their doodles! Just like that baby, keep hitting me right there! That speed is perfect! And LOOK!" She shows me the inside of her left wrist. I climb on her so my chest has contact with her back, it feels really good, and I agree, this speed is perfect... I hold her wrist and trace the Mark with my thumb. I kiss her neck...

"Did you all get it at the same time?" I am trying to focus but she is snaking herself under me making me push into her harder and faster turning her soft moans into screams in to her pillow, I can't take it, I come in her and again punch my canines in to her bone. This time I only feel a bit dizzy, but I catch my bearings and I'm fine, just REALLY tired. I unmount her and lie there with her wrist at my lips, my other hand caressing that thick ass I love.

She got her breath... "Yeah, we did. Did you figure out what it means?" Shit. I let go of her smooth ass and put my arm over my eyes.

"Not yet love, c'mon I was finding how to do my part for you and the pups..." She wraps her arms around my neck and puts a leg over me, making me put my arm on it. She kisses my lips...

"And I appreciate it." She takes my hand and exposes the Mark. "Baby, this means Earth, look at my ankle." And there's another tattoo.

"Damn babe! How many do you have?" She shakes it.

"That's not the point, look inside, right in the middle." And there it is. The same symbol.

"Earth... what about the ones on your back?" She tells me about the things that have happened, she even tells me that there's things she can't even share with her Betas, with me or anyone.

"I will only be able to share it with the pups when the time is right, I don't know who gets to rule and Jade is only like three minutes younger than Deacon." WHAT?!
###chapter 105: The Daeva
Loiza's POV

"Look if you're going to keep pouting I am definitely taking a bath, thank you for everything but you can go back home with your gloom." I get out from his arms and walk to the bathroom, he didn't like that his son was named for his wolf, even when I explained why. I couldn't care less. I pick up my hair with a hair stick. The giant tub was already full waiting for me, I put my right arm in adjusting the temperature. I feel him kiss the back of my neck, he picks me up and places me in the water. He gets in with me.

"It will take more than that to rid yourself of me woman! Do you think it's funny to have your wolf howling non-stop inside your head?!" I can't help but laugh.

"Is he really?" I ask sitting next to him and give him many kisses on his cheek. And he looks at the many bottles smelling them finally taking one and sits me between his legs, his nose is very good! He chose eucalyptus and pours some on his hands and starts rubbing my neck and shoulders. Why did I get rid of him again?

"It's not funny Izz, he's just howling in my head! Hades woman, how many oils and these other things do you need?" Is he seriously trashing on my stuff?

"As many as I want! Most of those are gifts anyway." He stops massaging me.

"Gifts from who?" He asks casually.

"Damn baby, you would so suck as a spy!" I start laughing. He gives a little chuckle.

"Why would that be RAVEN?" I point at my neck so he would get to it again, he chuckles and starts massaging again.

"Well, you stopped giving me that wonderful neck rub already showing doubt, apprehension and defensiveness. THEN you ask in a 'CASUAL' (yes, I am making quotation marks) way by whom... How on earth do you extract information from your prisoners?" He laid his head on my neck.

"I get the information from them! Don't you worry your pretty oil collection about it." As if!

"That oil collection, I'll have you know was prepared by skilled Masters, some by yours truly! And are needed for particular rituals I must perform. I never stopped being a Priestess you know. Most are from before... The Incident. I had a habit of placing them in a large wood crate under a floor board. For some reason Nía though they were magical potions. As if I would bring ANY potions home from my post!" He hugs my waist and lays on my back.

"I'm sorry, I didn't want to bring any of that up." He asks.

"Stop that and continue with what you were doing. Kayden, it's DONE OK? I've kicked you enough about it. I was angry, I still am, but I don't have the ability to change time nor do I want to... It is what it is, you didn't play a part on it. Do you understand?" He keeps holding on to to me, I would probably know what he's thinking if I didn't have the Block and I'm cursing having it right now. "Kayden?"

"Izz, I'm going to just cut to the chase, I know that whatever part my family had in the pain of your people had nothing to do with me, but I have lived in regret for the past months for not telling you the moment I found out... I was afraid. I regret being complicit in keeping from you the truth of those responsible for your pain, I betrayed you... my mate. For my part and for my family's crime I am begging you to forgive me and to let me prove to you that I am worthy of you, let me stay with you." His arms have me locked to him.

"Kayden if you want my forgiveness, you have it, but I don't know how this is going to play out. I told you there are things that I can't share with anyone at all. I asked you to give me time and you seemed like you accepted that. We're building trust, please I'm asking for you to trust me!" I start squirming to get out, I'll just shower. But he's not letting me go.

"I have done everything to have you again! Why must you be so difficult?!" I asses the situation. This is not going to end well.

"Kayden, let me go please." He is refusing.

"Kayden, you ask for forgiveness and then do THIS are you serious?!" I feel his pulse rise, I feel anger in his aura. There's something off. I try to turn around and look at him but he is unyielding and I suddenly feel afraid. My Mark turns orange and I focus on HEAT. Either he lets me go or he's getting a nasty burn.

"SHIT! ARE YOU DOING THIS?!" He lets go and I get out of the water and freeze it before he can make another move. I look at his face, he's REALLY angry.

"Are you serious right now Kayden?" For some reason I feel afraid of him. We were fine! We were just FINE!

"SERIOUSLY, YOU ASK?! I HAVE BEEN AN IDIOT LONG ENOUGH! WHY DO YOU HAVE TO BE SUCH A COLD BITCH?! ANOTHER ALPHA WOULD HAVE JUST TAKEN WHAT'S HIS AND MAKE NO MISTAKE LOIZA, YOU AND THOSE PUPS ARE MINE!" I wince at his words. Even with the Block that hurt badly.

"Thanks for the post natal care Kayden, I got it from here. It's time for you to go home!" His eyes turn black... The ice will hold him, it's my strongest element. I link for Bayo and Víctor. I already feel my eyes getting hot but my soul getting numb, doing exactly what the Block is supposed to do, I go get my robe, sit on one of the chairs in the bathroom and wait while I stare at him. I thaw out the water holding his right hand and freeze it again except for his finger. He sees what I'm going to do. And he roars at me! I take the ring and he roared louder with tears and desperation on his face!

"Izz, I don't know what--" He starts pounding his head on the ice. I reach out to get the ring and he roars at me again! He fucking roared at me! Why does it have to be this way? My soul is numb but I couldn't stop the tears.

Víctor and Bayo come in with Isla. She comes get me.


Kayden's POV

What the fuck is wrong with me?! What am I saying?! I don't mean what I said. DAMN IT! I FUCKING ROARED AT HER! She took the ring... Why is this happening?! She's in tears, no, please. Block or no, roaring at your mate could break them!

Víctor and Bayoán are here and Isla takes her away, NO! She's my mate, I still have to help her! Where did it go wrong? It's all blurry.

"Izzy, can you unfreeze the water please." Her brother asks.

"I don't understand! I don't know what's happening with me! Izz, I swear I didn't mean any of it! It's all FUCKING BLURRY! Am I going crazy?" Bayoán looks strangely at me and tells Izz to wait and he links someone. I fucking hear my mate crying, what the hell?!

The fae/elf girl with purple hair comes in and looks at me.

"Why do you inhabit him?" She asks. And I answer her.

"Wouldn't you like to know Phoebe?!" I look at her hoping she knows it's not me.

"Bayoán, he doesn't carry the protection tattoo, they keep trying to get closer to her!" WHO? I catch her scent by the door.

"Exorcise him and send him on his way, the daeva still sticks with the hosts feelings, give him the specs for the tattoo." She says in a numb voice.

"Izz, PLEASE! I don't know what's happening, I didn't mean any of that! I swear!" She looks at me with the saddest eyes.

"Yes you did love. The daeva uses what's already there to promote chaos and disorder." The what?

"Are you blaming me for what some... THING made me say?" A lonely tear rolls down her cheek.

"No... I wouldn't. It's going to be removed from you now Beloved." She kisses my lips, I don't want her to stop. "Kayden, maybe someday you'll understand why I am such a cold bitch. I really am trying to hold on to any hope, please don't make me let go of it." No, no!

"Izz, PLEASE! I don't think you're cold, and you KNOW I wouldn't hurt you... I couldn't." She nods a Phoebe and kisses me again. Isla takes her away. Phoebe's eyes and wings start to glow, I can't stop looking.

"Deamon hinc abite! Et non est tibi. Cui placet impares formas quas eieci te ut Cerberum altera prandium!"

I wake up in my room, it's almost 4:00 am... Then I feel I'm not alone.

"I'll give you this Alpha, it took you way less time to awaken from your exorcism." Bayoán gets up and hands me a little bottle.

"For that pounding headache, you know what I'm talking about." I drink it and the pounding stops.

"Alpha, you are not to my liking because of anything you did or didn't do, because of your family or anything like that. I always have been kind of 'difficult' myself and then YOU end up with the best of the best my family has to offer, family is very important to us, to our culture, to our standing in the tribe. I always expected Izzy to be mated to someone grand! Do you know that BOTH Prince Puck and Prince Angras, sons of Queen Titania and King Oberon of The Seelie Court desire her?" I have no idea who they are.

"No." Was all I had.

"Puck at least is heir to the throne of Faerie and Mustardseed. Both Titania and Oberon were furious with them! The sons of the Great King Oberon himself infatuated with a warewolf... Last Moira told me, she said that Angras still wants her for his consort. The Seelie don't care about Mate Bonds, they know how to cut them and fae don't tend to be with just ONE. They don't care about your pups, he would indulge her, but he would want her to give him children immediately and probably still find a way to rid himself of yours." Why is he torturing me this way?

"It seems like you don't like them any much more, why do I get this footnote Beta?" I get up, at least I have my fucking pants on!

"It's Bayoán to you dumbass!" And he flinched his thumb throwing something at me. THE RING! I look at him confused.

"Why?" I put it on and find an image of her.

"Because it's Gaia's will, you ARE her mate and they ARE your pups and Goddesses help me but I rather you be her mate than Angras. I know you love my sister and you're dumbass self will try again to get her back, maybe this time it'll stick. I KNOW what it's like to have one of those... THINGS, inside you. And because of it I hurt my Alpha and sister, my mate and my pack and you know what that 'cold bitch' did? She forgave me, my mate forgave me, my pack forgave me. I KNOW Izzy carries secrets she can't share with anyone, maybe now you'll understand why she is like she is." And he points at the ring.

"It's always hard... Keeping secrets you can't share with anyone, it makes you naturally untrusting. Afraid that a slip up could cost someone you love or respect their life. Alpha don't make me regret giving that back to you, I have just broken a command from my Alpha. I was to get you Forgetting Potion... I am overriding that command because I have assessed the situation and knowing that you're willing to give her your marrow has made me conclude that you may not be 'grand' but you are perfect for her, I actually think that's how the daeva got in... When you were weakend by transferring marrow. This isn't The Council's work Alpha and it's not the first to be put in the body of someone close to her and we have no clue who or what it is, just that it's looking for her." I can't stop touching the ring, it's like if I don't touch it, I will loose it. SomeTHING is looking for my mate?

"You say 'something' like it's not of our world. But it seems like it's found her if it's putting it's demons inside those close to her and how is it that there has only been just two? Your numbers are in the tens of thousands." Is it looking for the pups too?

"It's not of our world, that's why I told you the story of Titania's sons, it's one of the many possibilities, again Angras wants her badly, he has not taken a concubine since Izzy was 15, he wants to show her that he can be loyal to her, he sends her messages, but she has never accepted them, Izzy always wanted her mate. I don't know what is Gaia's plan but Moira always said that it was by Selene's will that Izzy become powerful but that Gaia guarded her steps and would return her to her true self. Regarding your other question it's because of this..." He takes off his shirt and shows me his back, it's the same one as the one on Izz's ankle.

"Everyone on the island got one, even the vampires, I got mine in XXXL size cuz you could say that having ONE inside me was more than enough for me." It's his whole back.

"Where can I get one?" I feel numb. I wish I could start yesterday over again.

"Here's the design." He hands me a paper with the tattoo schematics. "Tonight I am going to send a buddy of mine to make it for you. But I would try to convince everybody in your pack to get it, show it to the Kappas, they always find a way to make it perfect and this HAS to be perfect every single time, every symbol, every measurement or it's useless. Do you understand?" I nod my head. "I will make sure the original plan is put in place, your man Jason will contact you tomorrow, I will make sure he gets tattooed ASAP."

"Why do you keep mentioning Gaia? Why is Izz important to her?" And he looks confused.

"You carry her Mark... She MUST have manifested herself to you. It was her who mated you with Izzy, not Selene, she bequeathed her blade to you and don't you have her grimoire?" The fuck?!

"You had no clue..." He puts his shirt on again. "I'll send my friend at the same time we would have come for you. And remember Alpha, The Council... we can deal with fairly easily, this other thing... We don't even know WHAT it is and what it wants my sister for. So get it together and work your ass off to be the strongest version of yourself you can be, because she needs you and I'm sick of watching someone I love, live constant heartbreak. We need OUR own Queen and Gaia crowned her to be it. In just two nights you helped revive her, I will always be grateful to you for that. Imagine what could be if you could make it permanent. And sorry about the shirt, that 'cold bitch' wanted your children to remember your scent. Frank Oller will be here don't dare make him wait." He puts on an earpiece... "Code name Changó ready for a pickup, lock in coordinates." I go to my closet and get another shirt and pass it over all of my scent glands.

"Bayoán! Thanks man. So they can each have one." I give him the shirt. He smirks.

"No problem Alpha, you have a LOT of studying to do. Ask the ring ANYTHING, not just dumb human world shit, it will explain it in great detail." The portal opens.

"It's Kayden to you douchebag." He smiles and nods.

"Copy that Kayden, Changó out."
###chapter 106: Denial
Bayoán's POV

"You did what?" She asks. Here we go.

"We overrode your dumbass command, that's what we did." Izzy's Block was recalibrating and she was in a little haze like before, it was numbing her emotions, it's what the Block was meant to do and as numb as she is she must be very depressed. She was all day in her room with the pups, only Isla, Ayiti or Víctor and I were allowed access. I hate that she's depressed, but as her Beta I'm not lying to my Alpha and I am definitely not lying to my sister, so did I use the fact that she was depressed and numb to give her information that could cause my kid to be an only child? You bet your ass I did.

"Why would you do that? That ring has information on my children." She looks so tired. But at least what Kayden did made her strong and is producing a lot of milk.

"They're his as well! Izzy, he had a daeva inside him, he might have some anger about everything that happened, but you KNOW he would do anything for you. Do you know HOW you recovered? The moment he found out that you had his pups and how you looked and said in that recording, he had his men try to link that kid Jason when they reached this area. By doing that Jason told Víctor and me, we asked Daniella if it could work and Isla insisted. He found a way to contact us to give you anything you could need to get better. You KNOW it was the daeva making him say things that he may have in his head. You KNOW he would never sell you and the pups out or try to take you or them by force. So he roared at you! I'm sure that even with the Block it must have hurt like hell and I'm sure that he feels like shit for it. But you said he only did it after he saw you were going to take the ring, the ONLY way for him to see you and his kids. I'm going to tell you something little sister, if I would have been in his place I would have probably done the same even without the daeva. He is a mated wolf without his mate, he is a father without his pups and here you come and try to take the only comfort he has! You ARE acting COLD to him, so yeah, the daeva WOULD put that in his head! Besides the daeva, did he mistreat you in any way?" And just as I am done venting at her stone face a single tear is shed from her dead eyes.

Ever since that Block went up I have been asking Morgana to keep an eye on it. At first I didn't care about her rejecting to feel anything for Kayden, why would I? Moira assumed he would reject her and she would be paired with someone stronger, more suitable for her. It never happened, then we thought he got that witch to put up a buffer (No one not of the line of Morgaine Le Fay can put up a full Block, even with it, Izzy still will get some feelings from him) but Joey's report says he refused it. Opting instead for a charm to enhance her scent, but instead of torturing him, her report indicates it helped him focus more. The weird fascination Gaia seems to have for them both, even giving him her blade and Marking him and his family to be protected from it. Then there's the fact that Izzy got her heat basically A DAY after meeting her mate and granted an immediate successful one of twins, that's not normal AT ALL for a regular mating, Ura and Freya are something different. He relaxes and nourishes her and she helps him fucus and be more determined and they're both miserable without each other. I passed all this information to Víctor after what happened and he agreed we should give Kayden the ring back.

"Can you imagine if they do have a particular destiny? She has a Block that's helping her, but he doesn't, he gets everything she feels. Did you read the whole report?" He asked.

"Which part? Joey tends to be very detailed." Tía did train her mother in this and Ayiti doesn't like incomplete reports.

"The part where he has a part of himself sheltered from the pack so they don't get to feel what he feels, going every full moon to howl for her... He's detaching a part of himself from the pack, Joey got to see what he has locked away with that spell the Lady Yaya made. He's also in a very deep depression and even with the Block so is she. And before the daeva her mood was very, well she really was..."

"... Happy" I finished. "True, those two nights she was recovering, but the mood I got from her end was joy. And yeah, that part of Joey's report was curious. How do you think he's able to disconnect a singular part of himself from his pack?"

"I have never heard of it before now. I can't and don't want to imagine being in his place, I just imagine someone not letting me see Magdalena... Just the thought makes me sick. What are we fucking asking from him exactly? Think about it? Are we asking him to be like us just because he's the Alpha's mate? Let's be realistic here Bayoán, most of the people we have brought in will never be as strong as we are until the next generation who will be raised from childhood like us. How does he get to do that? Do we expect them to get training just by a ring with information? He has to be stronger, but how can he, what helps him focus is her. How can we ask him to be better if he has to deal with the pain alone, knowing that his mate and pups are denied to him?! I mean, the guy just checked how to heal his mate as quickly as possible after seeing how she was, without even checking any risk to himself? She's a fucking Alpha! Whether he's one or not, she still could have sucked the life out of him! And then even being told about the risk, he still did it again. Dude I don't know how I feel about this... It's not our way, they're both going through a lot of trauma, Izz still hasn't really got any therapy for fighting the mountain, I know her well enough to know she's kicking herself about it. They had bad luck every time they met! We can work on him being strong and better HERE, but at least they'll be together and can heal. Isn't that what keeps us strong? Every time we have a particular health need we make sure to see to it. Is there a law that excludes Alphas from this? I don't remember there being one. I really don't think he'll have a problem submitting to her and bringing his pack here if that is what his pack wants to do. He basically has denounced The Council and has gone under the jurisdiction of Avalon itself. We're the ones who declared war on The Werewolf High Council, but by getting out from their jurisdiction he has put a target on his pack. Sooner or later the packs that go against The Council publicly like his already has, are going to need sanctuary! So why are we delaying this? And if his pack doesn't want to come all he has to do is give his title of Alpha to his brother." Izzy knew I was harsh on Kayden so she definitely would want an unbiased Beta working with her. Especially someone who wasn't at Blood Moon and someone who wouldn't kiss her ass. Víctor would help balance not just what was good for what Izzy needed, but what made simple sense for all parties, but most importantly the balance of the PACK.

Víctor isn't as much an asshole like before Magdalena, but Izzy was not on his top favorite people. They had a several missions. Most were simple diplomatic missions and Izzy was going in her concept as Priestess and would be granted an escort, the last thing The Osupa need is having to report that The Lady Loiza was killed in a mission as ambassador. So Víctor was assigned as her bodyguard and I KNOW that Yadiel, Bruno, Casimar and him were waiting for her to turn 18 to see if she was mate to one of them. I also know that it was always Casimar who she had hoped for, but apparently something did happened in those trips between them. I don't know if they had intercourse, but I do think he wanted at least some promise from her, but for a Priestess who's not yet 18 that would be going against her beliefs, she wouldn't do it. Yaya never found her mate and married Cayetano, but she never made any promises to him and he accepted those terms.

What is a promise? Two wolves who don't find their mate get together as chosen mates and promise to reject a true mate should one be found. But for all the kisses him, Casimar and Bruno might have gotten from her, her 18th birthday came and none of them was her mate. Bruno and Yadiel were ok with it but Casimar and Víctor went out to the field immediately... I know Casimar almost got to third base with her but I have no idea how far Víctor got that eventually made them really dislike each other, especially after the mission in Honduras. Ura did tell me that Víctor did get further than Casimar, he thinks he did get to third base, but Izzy was close to 18 and she wanted to reach it before she decided how to move forward and to leave her be, it's actually quite a normal practice here. I have a feeling that he didn't like ALMOST having her, but while for her it was water under the bridge, it was a big hit to his ego... Even though they all waited for her to turn 18 and none of them got her anyway. Either way I don't intend to ask and they seem to have put it passed them.

I sit next to her and wipe her tear away, while another one peaks itself out.

"Izzy I am sending Francisco tonight to tattoo him, do you want to try again tomorrow?" She shook her head.

"Bayoán, why don't we wait for Master Oller do his work and allow Izzy some time to think about it. C'mon mija, you are hurting even with that Block, I already told you what I think about it and even Morgana told you not to abuse it. You still need him to help you for a while longer at the very least Loiza." Isla tries to reason with her.

"Leave me with my pups, I don't want to see anyone right now." This is stupid!

"Why? So you can sulk in the dark about it?" She gave me the look of death.

"Send Morgana, if the Block can be made stronger I might consider it, in the meantime I would like to think about my options." Fuck that!

"I'm not sending my mate to experiment with spells that meddle with your emotions so that you end up as an emotionless robot like the other time, especially with the pups. In any case I agree with Isla, it has to go and maybe you can feel what he's going through and you can BOTH deal with your shit!" She stands up and kicks everyone out.

"I CAN'T DEAL with it right now, get out!" Her eyes were golden pools of rage.

"Typical." Víctor said. And walked away.
###chapter 107: Inked by Paco
Kayden POV

"What time is it?" I ask no one in particular.

"11:35, are we done?" Adam asks. Even though I felt like shit we started a new training schedule for everyone. James and Percy used the equipment in Josephine's apartment to make a pretty advanced computer, they were able to contact Jason and download the unencrypted training that was on the ring. Jason didn't mention anything that is top secret, he did however said how awesome it's there, how the weather and food was perfect but that he's nervous and excited because he does start training the day after tomorrow in Bruno's team.

"Yeah, were done for today." I have to get tattooed and by what happened I want it XL, too. I got to my room to wait for Bayoán's friend, I have no idea how to feel, I just replay her message, the picture of my kids, a video of her welcoming a group from Tanzania, this was right before they declared war on The Warewolf High Council. The portal opens and this bearded tall guy with dreads, tattoos, piercings, his ears had a gauge in each one, he has some I saw on Izz.

I get out of bed and go and greet him. He doesn't have any equipment with him, just his hands in his pockets.

"You must be Frank?" And he laughs.

"Is that what that asshole called me?! Ha! Next tattoo he gets is going to be crooked! Call me Paco man, Bayoán knows I hate the English version of my name, no offense. Francisco or Paco is fine. So you got one of those nasty shits inside you? Sorry to hear, but don't worry I guarantee it won't happen again after I get you set up. You're Kayden right?" I don't know how to answer that anymore, who the fuck am I?

"Yeah. I guess I am." I feel hollow.

"Yo! Alpha Kayden man... I'm sorry for what happened, but have faith that it's going to work out. The Mirabal siblings have always been known for being headstrong, shit even Nina who's a Kappa has always been a firecracker. So Kayden where do you want it?" Paco here seems to know quite some gossip and who am I to not get the goods? She had a spy in my pack! I could use this to know more about them, especially her.

"I saw Bayoán had one on his whole back." He studied me. And started shaking his head.

"I guess it must REALLY suck to have one!" No shit!

"Alright, c'mon!" And he touches an earpiece. "Hey dumbass! Send us to my shop! Yeah I know... fuck no I'm not working here! I need my damn equipment, open the portal already!" And it opened to what I imagine is Paco's shop.

"Alright, let's measure your back, this tattoo has to be perfectly measured, we're going to be here for a while. Want a beer or something?" And he just lights up a blunt. "Do you partake?" He asks while he offers it to me and I definitely am tonight.

"This won't affect the tattoo right?" I ask while taking a hit.

"Nah man, humans are the ones who shouldn't or drink while getting inked, we heal immediately so we're good." He places the stencil on my back and makes sure it's placed correctly. He puts music and gets to work.

"So, you know the Mirabal family well?" He smiles.

"Yeah, I used to live across the street from them, I used to hang out with Nina most of the time, we were in the same class." Ok, I know her.

"And you say she was a firecracker?" He smiles.

"Nina's Dad bitched about not letting her leave the island to study abroad, even when she did passed her tests to travel, so she did what she does best, she raised hell and very publicly, Beta Ayato didn't need this bad PR, it was embarrassing for the Mirabal family! Not only have they held main Beta status for generations, but he was mated to Alpha Gúarionex's sister, add to that her Tía sat on the Alpha's Council! Bayoán usually is the most 'FORMAL' towards OG family shit on the island, but the others never really gave a fuck about it, not even Maco! Shit, they wanted to do the same thing to Izzy but she beat both her father AND Bayo in combat by herself and she didn't even use her elemental powers, he thought Nina was bad for his reputation and then came your lovely mate and our bad ass Alpha and made it worse! Her father's face was priceless and Bayo was gasping for air for a week. Quite funny for an almost 16 year old, Nina started warming up to her after that. By this time Izzy was talking! Dude when she came back from Avalon it was weird as fuck! For us she was now The Lady Loiza, we had to treat this damn 14 year old with the respect of an Elder, you know? It was weird, she left as Izzy and returned being able to do amazing things, she had the same status as The Lady Yaya. The Lady Yaya said that it would be like that for a while until her brain understands again the more pack lifestyle. Can you imagine? We take our connection to the hive of the pack so for granted that we forgot that she was not a part of it for most of her life. It took her a while to get used to it again and for her mind to be not completely individualistic, remember dude we always have our connection to the pack, it's just what it is when you're a pack animal like ourselves. But for all those years her thoughts were her own and she carries a TON of information.

"Anyway they would break out at night all the time to go the broken garita, the little sentinel forts, I got to hang out a few times, but it was mostly Nina, Ura, Izz and Natalia just talking about anything while smoking Izzy's own grown brew and the cheapest beer Nina and Ura could get, Natalia usually saved the day by lifting it from Ayiti." He took a puff and kept working.

"Wait, to leave the island you have to pass a test?" I take a puff and a chug of beer, damn this is awesome beer! Marcus had given me a heads up as to how gossipy The Osupa were when their guard was down.

"Well if you want to show that you have the self control to not call attention to yourself and by extension the rest of the pack, you're tested. If you pass, you go wherever you want, the point is to be able to blend in, we don't even want to be detected by wolves outside of Karaya, it keeps the island protected and yet still we got fucked." Thanks mother. And my head sinks.

"So Loiza beat both her father and Bayoán?" How without her powers?

"Yeah bro! Oh man she was going to get her way to go out in the field and she wasn't going to allow them do play her like they did Nina. She told them that she wasn't a Kappa, that she was a Gamma like Ura and Maco and if they tried to stop her they would have to break every bone in her body! Ha! And then to show she was serious she made a Blood Oath that she would give THEM the advantage because she wouldn't use her elemental powers! Ura and Maco wanted to stop it but Kiskeya, that was Izz's mom who was an Alpha herself, Ayiti, Nina and the Luna demanded it to continue so Beta Ayato and Bayo accepted her challenge. Dude, it was in the news! Check on your ring. Here: 'Access web'... 'Online'... 'Search Beta Ayato losses to 15 year old daughter video'... 'Searching.... found' Check this out! It's insane."

I play it a little bit anxious about what I'm going to find. And there she is! An almost 16 year old Izz with a black short bob haircut with small braids from front to back on just the top of her head to make sure her hair is out of the way, she had a black catsuit, thinner and smaller compared to her father who looks just as big as Bayoán who stood by his side, yet she still looked strong. Her only weapon was a pair of cho bows, basically like night sticks. She had a huge smile on her face and for a moment her canines came out and her eyes are Aryn's molten gold and Paco started laughing.

"You that shit?! For her this fight means more than just getting to travel. On this island this is a challenge from a female against her main patriarchs, her Beta father and brother, this is mayor reputation here. I really haven't been to many packs... here in Karaya, your word, your skill, your talent, your courage, your honor among others determine your reputation. In that moment she knows that THIS will either make her word have value among the pack or if she was an insolent brat. So instead of focusing on her Priestess skills, she fights like if she was just a regular Osupa girl, so she lets Aryn loose! With two Betas every punch matters, but she fought local!" He kept working, I really hope he's not fucking the tattoo up but apparently the whole pack knows of her and her family.

She stands erect reminding me of how Joey waited for Avis's attack, eyes closed, a bo in each hand. A human wouldn't be able to see it, Bayoán comes from the right but she dodged like an Epsilon, grabbed Bayoán's leg for momentum and sweeps her father's legs incapacitating them by hitting a place in the calf muscles with the bows immediately and jumps over him using momentum from pushing herself from his shoulders and completely incapacitating him rolling on the ground and hitting both sides of Bayoán's throat as he came with another blow, with the cho bows leaving him without breath. She put a gun to each of their heads 'AS OF TODAY I LOIZA OF THE MIRABAL FAMILY HAVE CHALLENGED MY FATHER FOR THE SACRED RIGHT OF FREEDOM TO DETERMINE MY OWN DESTINY, I USED EPSILON AND KAPPA TECHNIQUES AND BEAT TWO BETAS WITH IT! I LET ARYN LOOSE AND STILL KEPT CONTROL. NO ONE WILL EVER TELL ME AGAIN WERE I CAN OR CAN'T GO!

"Sometimes I think the shit she does is insane, then I remember and it makes total sense! That's why the pack was so obviously fine with having her as Alpha. She had already proved her Alpha blood in THIS moment, she easily beats two Betas who must have thought out dozens of possibilities yet didn't think she would use such basic techniques with her own touch, over her strength. I'm sure that little trist in London must have been fun for her! Who knew that Víctor would end up working for her after they ended like they did! The Goddess plays with our destinies that way." Come again?!

"Víctor is one of the Betas right? Are you saying they had something?" He opens another beer.

"Yup! There were quite a few but from what we would call the big families that were waiting for her to turn 18 for a match. One was Yadiel and he had just turned 18 himself, The Luna wanted the match badly, Casimar made no secret that he definitely wanted her as mate, I think their families had a pact for Temple mating offerings, they basically were 'official' in front of the tribe, Bruno was very interested as well... But after she turned 18 it got REALLY weird between her and Víctor. Everyone suspects that something happened in those little trips were he was her main gun. I think he wanted a promise from her, but Izzy's a Priestess and it's considered very taboo to give a promise of rejection here, especially if you're not 18 and to consummate anything with a Priestess before she's 18 if she's not your mate..."

"... Dude it's fine. Either way she's still MY mate. I was there, so no one did anything taboo to her." I really didn't want to think about my mate's lips on anyone other than mine. I have my own past crap that makes me sick. But it sounds like he REALLY wanted her badly and now he's her Beta. It's like what Bayoán said... 'someone grand'. Víctor may be no fae prince but I already saw him at his craft and if Izz chose him as Beta, it must be because he's one of the best. He said he was mated and seemed to respect her, did he get to see her the way I've seen her? After the way she handled Delilah I doubt that she would care much about my opinion on it.

I keep looking at the play by play of her fight with her father and brother and there was no fear in her eyes she was smiling and oozing determination, she was absolutely sure she would win. She put everything on speed and accuracy of the attack and she merely disabled them.

"Watching it live was funny, to many this might not have ment much, but to anyone who might have their family scrutinize them over leaving the island because of rank and gender, she showed that with really the most basic fighting and control of your wolf anyone should be able to pass the test and if they do it's just stupid to hold them back. After this Nina was able to go to a few places and Suania got to go out on the field. That's one of the reasons why the people are agreeing with her reforms. Anyway man, your tattoo is done! You won't be having one of those shits in you again."

She's encouraging the people to her vision of what she believes to be an utopic society. And I remember reading it not in the book Utopia but in Gaia's grimoire. When did I read that there? When was I able to read her grimoire? Izz was there! We looked different but I still loved her like I love her now.

Some cars raced on the avenue in front of the shop and Paco stopped everything.

"C'mon! Let's check this out!" I got of the chair and followed Paco out the door and sat in some chairs in front of his shop and he got a tablet out.

"It's 3:30 in the morning! You guys have races here at this time?" And he started laughing.
###chapter 108: The Strings of the Bond
Kayden POV

"Kayden my friend, don't you guys have street and drag races where you're from? We used to have a few, but since these crazy French wolves arrived it's been almost every week at this time and that's not just here, they're having a few in the capital too. It didn't take long to activate The Drag." The guys from the next shop come over and sit.

"Hey Paco did you get the route?" Some people ask.

"Hacking in now... There we go! Do we have any bets before the patrols show up?!" And people from across the street come over.

"Paco who's racing?" And we see ten massive wolves run by!

"They gotta be good if they sent ten just this way!" A girl from the other shop says.

"Is Hatuey and Delphine! I have a hundred Guanies on Delphine! And add 50 if the patrols don't get them!" Some dude says.

"Paco, put 50 on the French girl! She's been kicking ass at these races!" Now I feel like shit cuz I don't have money on me but they really look like they're having fun. Shit, I'm having fun!

"Francisco! What are you doing?" And a woman walks out of the shop with four kids. "Paco stop indulging this! The French are crazy with it!" He grabs her by the waist and sat her on his lap as she kissed him. "Who's racing this time?" And the kids climb on the chairs.

"Yo Hatuey is racing that French chick, Delphine!" One of the kids said exited.

"Hey Kayden this is my mate Nyima and these two are her first and these two are my first." She shakes my hand.

"Hey isn't that the name of the Alpha's mate?" She asks.

"He is her mate... shit Hatuey are you serious right now?!" She just rolls her eyes.

"Once they get a lead on a race they are lost! Alpha Kayden I pray that that everything turns out well with our Alpha. She means a lot to my people, we were just surviving in Senegal, but the constant attacks from The Council were to much. Other packs were fine, but because we were rogues we were a target and even after what Dawda did she still allowed us to stay. I had lost my mate last year and I meet Francisco who had lost his mate when Mt. Cemí blew and as if we haven't lived what we did, here we are!" And she caresses her stomach, a successful Heat.

"You two are second chances? Congratulations." I look around and the cars pass again and the patrols are catching up, everyone is just living...

"ATTRAPE CES PETITS LOUPS!" Delphine yells out and everyone laughs, I look at Nyima.

"What? It's funny!" She shrugs.

"I don't know French." I confess and she laughed.

"I spoke it fine but I hacked Paco! When I mated with this one I tapped into HIS knowledge and I ended up with seven languages! Here, he finished that, come with me. Nopp naa la my love keep playing and don't get in trouble." And she kissed him, he gave her a large smile.

"I promise cariño, but let me know when you're done, I have to send him back. Sorry Kayden, she doesn't care for races..." He says.

"Don't listen to him, I think it's fun, it's just not something that's going to make me squeal. Anyway, you have tapped into her emotions I suppose right?" She asks opening another beer and passing it my way.

"Yeah, I'm trying not to do that." I can't handle it anymore.

"Good, then don't. It doesn't seem to have gotten you very far. If you focus on the Bond on how The Osupa have theirs structured you'll find many cords, like those of The Fates. Each cord has something particular to your mate, memories, knowledge, skills, not just our emotions are at the access to our mate. Try avoiding her emotions and go to her memories. Relax and close your eyes." I do as she tells me I had focused just on her on the NOW, not on her before and if this little visit has served as anything, it's to realize Izz's life didn't begin when she met me and vice versa, yet while I was just wasting mine to trivial shit she was asserting herself among her family and people.

"Are you focused on your mate Bond?" Nyima asked.

"Yes." I answer.

"Do you see the strings attached from you to her?" Her side has a thick mist.

"She has her Block." I say.

"Her Block hasn't stopped you from feeling her, right?" She asks.

"No." And I start seeing the specific strings she said. "I can see them!"

"Stay focused, now I can't tell you which is which, I am new to this Bond too, Paquito could gide you more, but focus on those strings and imagine touching one." I choose the one to the left and suddenly I'm howling with joy racing unicorns with Ayana and Cressy in Avalon! I let go quickly. And open my eyes.

"Now don't tell me what you saw that's for you and her alone, little by little this is how The Osupa have so strong connections to their mates, there are of course things that they keep secret even from each other, but when both are open to each other they use it to help them progress. Paco really figured it out with me, his previous mate was from here and knew their ways. It was a little frustrating in the beginning for me, my pack is a little more reserved, here... Well look at this! We live in the open!" She says we walk outside and more neighbors are around Paco's tablet going for better odds, and she laughs. And we see the patrols catch the racers, yet they're still laughing.

"Man Gerard and Franchesca are getting faster when do you think they'll get an assignment?" What?

"This is training?" I ask. They look a little confused.

"Well EVERYTHING we do is training. The patrols are put in place to keep order yet the faster, stronger, more agile they get it helps them in the field. The racers will spend a night in the dungeon if caught but Delphine is training under Hatuey and others for OPIA tactical. I'm a tattoo artist, I have a shop in Itiba City and here, but I do what I do since I was 11, our LIFE is training Kayden and we train to be the best at what our potential allows us. Now c'mon, I can't wait to wake up a Beta.

He contacted Bayoán and I was sent back, I was tired but I wanted to try out more of the Bond.

I notice the memory string again and go for it... She's just come home from Avalon, she's 14, with a pixie cut and she's trying to work the link, but all the noise is driving her crazy and she's very frustrated so much so that she had vented on herself and cut off her braid and cast it to the fire. She leaves her house in the middle of the night to go to her Temple, she gets a bow and arrows from a hidden place and just starts shooting at a few bosses always hitting her mark.

"The Lady Moira always said that you favoured the Mongolian draw, I see why, it seems you're quite deadly with it child." The Lady Yaya walks her way. She draws and let's go again.

"Loiza it's been a month, I know the transition is difficult especially for us who are linke---" But Izz cuts

"I have no clue as how to communicate with my own mother... NONE! I look at them talking with each other, I KNOW that they are linking things about me! I know how to burn someone from the inside out but I have no idea as to HOW to just TALK with them! Coming back was a mistake!" And she shoots another arrow. And Yaya sits close by on one stairs by one of the many pillars.

"No one will stop you, if you wish to return." Yaya mentions.

"Then I'm a bad investment! If I go back now I still have to come back... Then I'll be an even bigger fucking FREAK! I'm working on it Yaya, it's just taking longer than I expected. Can't I just live HERE?" Yaya goes to her.

"No, you're just 14. You have a home and family who loves you, this is your duty, not your life." Izz goes back to shooting.

"This is bullshit! I can take care of myself. This is my Post, I SHOULD live here." Yaya grabs Izz's arm.

"And do what? A Priestess doesn't isolate herself from the people she was sent to guide! Loiza, I KNOW it's difficult, you've had your mind to yourself all this time but you are what you are and for a wolf there is no life without the pack!" Izz sits on the floor, Yaya sits with her.

"How am I supposed to do this Yaya? I feel empty, can they at least not call me My Lady or bow or fucking kneel to me?! It's humiliating!" Yaya puts her arm around her.

"No young one, you can't change who and what you are, but you can shape it to your will. And you still don't realize WHY they bow and kneel? So few achieve what you have at your age, you have knowledge they will never understand! You want to see yourself as a freak, then GOOD! Maybe then you'll understand that they can never be what YOU ARE and part of the burden we carry is guide them to balance! You will achieve this before you know it like so many other trials you have endured over the years and before you know it you won't know how you lived without it. And I'll have you know that we are not freaks! We are given the power we have to ensure balance. This will be EASY for you, with what you've had to do before, this is a cinch!" Izz didn't feel convinced.

I let go slowly to the string... She felt so useless, so lost, so lonely. And what with Paco said of how everyone perceived her it MUST have been really lonely... I wish I was 14 and sit with her in that large Temple and tell her she was perfect. She was already showing that she was going to be as strong and beautiful as she is now. I search through the strings of the Bond and go for another.

She is older her hair in a scarf and she was with her most beloved sibling Urayoán questioning someone in another language. Ura asks something and the guy they're asking doesn't answer. She takes out a tablet and shows him a video feed of a mountain of kilos of what I imagine is cocaine. I notice that she's not asking anything... she's telling him they have what he sees... I'm understanding it! And I know it's Chechen!

"This is just one girl! We have many more!" She inputs something on the tablet.

"I assume you mean these?" She asks while showing many more images that look like the first. His eyes look at her full of hate while Ura and her give him a big smile.

"I imagine you must feel very powerful right now, look at everything you've accomplished!" She states.

"What do you know? You are just a child! The In Oder Nichts Konzern won't be fooled by this! She links to her brother that their next stop was Munich.

'How are you sure?' He asked.
'Did you hear how his Chechen sounds and how he said In Oder Nichts?' She asked.
'Yeah his Chechen has a German accent.' He responded.
'Yeah, and his German has a Bavarian one. And look at this angle, what do you see in the reflection of that window?' She locked in and showed him.
'Allianz Arena!' Their smiles grew.
'That's where we're find our target, but first...'

"Thank you! You have been very kind with the granted information. I wouldn't like to leave you like that." She puts a small device on the floor that makes a hologram projector of all the vaults with the cocaine. From her mind I know it will destroy itself once it's done. Ura puts his arm around her shoulder and they start heading out and she snaps her fingers and every vault starts to burn while the guy just starts cursing at them.

I learned Chechen, Spanish, German, French and Korean that night alone. As well as understanding her mind more and that even when she is surrounded by people she always feels lonely. It's like she ACTS she's happy so that she's no longer the freak she thinks she is. As Dawn comes I go to the shrine, prepare everything for a summoning. The only name I have to burn is The Great Mother Gaia.
###chapter 109: Recalibrating
Loiza's POV

I have been sitting in the dark for hours, I hadn't visited The Catacombs since early October, my emotions are back to the being numb just with a slight pinch of doubt.

When I turned 18 and I waited with Víctor hugging each other naked having had as much fun with each other as my age and status allowed, Víctor was very respectful of that... at least. But when I turned 18 and it didn't happen it was goodbye for me PERIOD. He still wanted to be chosen mates, but for me that would be very taboo, I was a just turned 18 year old Priestess! I was focused on what the Goddess had for me, if it wasn't Víctor, then that's it. I would have to be in my 40s like Yaya, to even consider something like that, still I told him I wanted to go ahead and do it anyway! He's the one that got all prissy about it after. Just because he didn't turn out to be my mate it didn't mean that I wasn't in love with him anymore! I wanted for him to be my first, but for Goddess sake he was so angry. Then we got to Honduras I thought we could talk somethings over and we were really ok for a bit.

It was just US like we had in the diplomatic missions in the past. These were usually just a few days, but it was just us alone, like before, the only difference was I wasn't dating Casimar anymore and we knew I wasn't his mate.

Back then Víctor and I got to know each other very, very well. Sometimes I look back and feel so fucking ashamed. I almost had sex with Víctor, I was in love with him yet still wanting Casimar. What the hell was I thinking?

'That we were young and wanted to know what having fun was.' Aryn reminds me. I guess she has a right to chime in here, she was against it yet she knew how lonely I felt and she knew it brought me comfort and strange feelings of looking for someone.

'I guess I did.' I answer back.

'What Víctor told you left you thinking?' She used to like playing with Kumo, his wolf. Our relationship has become so strained since putting up the Block... I miss her.

How can he compare what happened with us with what is happening with Kayden?! It's not my fault he wasn't my mate! I wanted him to be, I was dating Casimar, he treated me like if I was precious thing, he really loved me and to a point, so did I. But Víctor... He loved that I could handle myself, he was never afraid of me and sometimes he would get really turned on after I had used my abilities to get the results we needed. I loved that he loved it when I was myself. And even in other missions with others in a team, he would get in every night in my room (when we had rooms) for some... Fun. I still remember the first time he touched me there, it was the first time I agreed to make out naked, we were kissing and he gently opened my legs. I got a little nervous, but he never misses anything, he whispered in my ear that he would not dishonor me before I was 18, but made no promises for after. He gently caressed my inner thighs and then I felt his fingers playing with it and I loved it! He stopped kissing me and looked straight at my face. And we were looking at each other's eyes.

"What do you want me to do to you now little one." He knew I loved what he was doing to me, he could see it on my face.

"I -I don't know." I just answered totally embarrassed and blushing lowering my gaze. And he stopped.

"Why did you stop?" I asked while looking at him again, I felt like I had said something wrong. Yet the moment I looked at him he continued while smiling.

"Don't take your gaze from mine beautiful, being able to see the reactions of your face will help me know what you like." While saying this he stroked my opening making me close my eyes and give a little gasp and I looked into his eyes again.

"Just like that little one, tonight I will find out how you like to be touched." His words and his touch were putting me in a spell. He touched me everywhere that night and I touched him. Every time we would do different things, I was like a puppet in his hands and I saw I had power over him, too. I would take him with both my hands and then with my mouth, I had tasted him and he said he was mine to do as I pleased.

Those nights in Honduras we WORKED on what we came to do and it was ok, the second night he got into my room and in my bed. He started caressing me like before. But almost a year had passed and I still felt humiliated by him rejecting to make love when I asked him. I didn't know how I felt about it then, I wanted to just be friends like I thought worked out with Casimar... But this was Víctor and he KNEW what would turn me into putty in his hands, before I knew it he was starting to enter me, and I stopped it. I wanted to continue, but I felt that I was close to finding my mate and I decided I rather give myself to him. He was furious, not that he would attack me or force himself, not that he could if he wanted to.

I was trying to reason with him, I told him that I still loved him and he told me I was just a cold bitch... There were more insults, yet he still wanted another kiss, another touch, I wasn't in the mood anymore and I right kicked him to the balls and out my room, after him threatening me, we never talked again, we became total strangers.

We had a private conversation this morning in my office:

"Izz, we need to talk." Great.

"So you're back to calling me Izz? What do you want Beta?" Whatever.

"Seriously? Is that how you want it? I'm going to say something and your going to listen to me. I want to apologize for what happened last time. You had said that you loved me, you wanted to give yourself to me... I loved you, I never told you... I wanted to KILL Casimar everytime I knew you were with him giving him what little I knew you gave him! I didn't want to share you with anyone, but you were in that age. I was 24 and hadn't found my mate, I had very little faith that I would get one, I had heard how others who were mated described it as and it sounded so close to what I felt for you... I was so sure that the minute that you turned 18 you were mine and I would claim you then and there." I lowered my eyes thinking about my own mating and how wonderful it felt to be in Kayden's arms, how I loved everything we did and how it crumbled into nothing...

"You were right and I was so wrong to treat you like that. I KNEW where your heart was and I couldn't even say the words, I had the childish notion that you would turn 18 and get every single one of my emotions and that would be my confession." I just let go of everything I'm holding in and start crying like an Idiot. He stands up and grabs my hand to pull me up and hugs me just letting me cry.

"Something MUST be REALLY wrong with me Vic, I SUCK at even the most basic thing as having a mate! For Goddess sake even you who was so upset about it, you found yours and are fine!" He chuckled and hugged me tighter.

"It's not funny Vic! I have no idea what the fuck is wrong with me! You guys were right to give Kayden the ring back, that was very cruel of me! It was going well!" He hushed me.

"Stop that! Your first though was of your pups. You were afraid of what he would do with that information in that moment." I have no idea what I'm feeling.

"He said the same thing you said, am I really a cold bitch?" I felt him sigh.

"When I said it I was angry... give me a break Izz, yeah I had other women, we agreed to be honest with each other about it and you were honest about those little kisses with Yadiel and Bruno. I think of the women I was having fun with, you were the only one who knew there were others, but truthfully... I was REALLY in a hurry for YOU to turn 18 and be able to kick the others to the curve and you kick yours. They all still took it badly when I said I was going to be away for a long time. Then I saw Casimar leaving too, and feeling bad for him." We sat holding each other for the first time in a while. I was kind of liking feeling that it was possible to be friends with someone who knows another side of me.

"YOU felt bad for Casi? I totally call bullshit on that!" I chuckle.

"How could I not?! YOU guys were official! The whole tribe knew that his father had spoken to your father so that BOTH families help with the offerings for the match to be Blessed by a mating! And I had my finger literally eating the honey for myself directly from the pot! If he would have tasted that honey he would have felt WORSE! So yeah, I felt bad for the guy!" We actually laugh at that! Yet it definitely makes me blush deep.

"Will you shut up! At least LINK that shit! Dude, Casimar isn't mated yet! You KNOW how gossip works here!" I slap the back of his head and go to the door to check.

"Can you imagine if that got out?" He says smiling reclining on my couch and I close the door lifting the sound barrier. But it's too funny and it reminds me of the old him and I feel more comfortable with him.

"By the Goddesses my Dad would've killed me!" I answer. And he laughed at that.

"Girl, between Nina and you alone everyone felt bad for poor Beta Ayato. Man, you two were brutal but you got out a ton of shit because of your title! That always amazed me about you, you really didn't give a shit if you used your status or not to get out of trouble! You definitely worked it and the system always to your advantage it was pretty hot! I would sometimes watch the reports and see the shit you would do and suddenly I felt I hadn't been to the Temple in a while!" It felt like GOOD old times, like closure.

"Well you STILL got a Priestess you cheeky asshole and she's adorable so don't think for a moment I will hide BS for you." And he lifted my chin and kissed my forehead.

"No ma'am! I want to thank you for letting Magdalena be Guardian of the gardens. You made my mate very happy Izz. Why did you make me your Beta?" I was afraid he would ask. I've always thought that Víctor analyzed numbers better than anyone including my brother, including my Dad. We would be in a mission and he would run the numbers and I would be in my brain like 'Yup! that sounds absolutely right!' he was naturally arrogant and that was off putting to a lot of people, I found it sexy as hell! Yet sexy or not, Víctor IS a very gifted Beta and I KNOW he knows what he's doing.

"You know why dill hole! Don't make me say it." The memories of how he caught my attention the first time when I was 16 distract me... We had to camp that night, I was by the stream playing with the water. It was only my second mission so I didn't really know anyone and the scent of a water lily hit me, he was crouching next to me. He lowered the hood of my cloak, which he is NEVER supposed to do, stroked my lips with his thumb and put the flower in my hair and left. It was hard not to think about him after that.

"DAMN! Was I that good?" As if!

"Yeah Víctor, you were so good at eating pussy that It made me think you would be a good Beta!" And gives me a triumphant smile.

"I knew that skill would serve well in the future! Which is part of the reason I'm here... Izz, I'm sorry that your mate roared at you, if you wouldn't have the Block it probably would have broken you, and yeah sweetheart your mating experience also sucked but seriously how are we factoring blame? How do we get to a step were you can be happy? C'mon, WE still hadn't talked about our own shit and seeing you like this is painful, as pissed as I was about everything you still were in my heart. Yeah, I was an asshole to you but I still remember how much love you give and I'm not just talking about physically, you made me feel loved so much so that I still wanted you in Honduras and I wasn't even your mate! As your Beta I recommend that you verify more on this Block and consider that you may not need it, Kayden doesn't have one and seems to be managing.

"I didn't see you when it went up first, but if this was just a recalibration and I'm feeling this amount of depression from you it's probably not good for you, I don't doubt that it was placed with the best intentions, but how much do you trust the magic of Morgaine Le Fay? I don't like the HOURS of emptiness I'm still getting on your end Izz. As a friend, and I hope we can be that, I am recommending allowing him to at least start coming back at night to care for you again. I already talked about this with Bayo, I felt happiness from you when he was here and it did you a lot of good." I placed my head on his huge arm lying next to him and he put that arm around me and letting my head lay on his chest.

"Izz, I KNOW that you have had bad depression for a YEARS, you've always been very good at hiding it, you've been getting hit left and right, shit you still have those silent spells of yours. I told you back then to get therapy. Since I've been back I have seen you have to deal with this MASSIVE duty with the strength and knowledge I know you have for it, but you're going to have to deal with your depression." And here I am in the darkest place I know of trying to figure out what the fuck to do. We received information on seven packs asking for sanctuary and Morgana was contacted by a coven of witches wishing to meet for terms. Kayden roared at me a few times making the Block very strong, even if I allow him to come for a few more nights it will be stale and emotionless yet what he did helped me and I want to be able to breastfeed the pups for a longer time. As of now I will be able to for at least a few months... I know he had a daeva inside, I had heard how devastating it was when a mate roars at you, how some break and never recover emotionally... The numbness of the Block is helping me, but by the Goddesses I still feel as if my heart was ripped apart.

Do I want Kayden near me right now? No. I actually still feel somewhat afraid of him... If I want to give my pups what they need, I will have to suck it up and allow him to come back for a few more nights. I already feel the Block making me more numb thinking about him, if it holds as it is I would accept his assistance. 
###chapter 110: The Terms 🌶️🌶️🌶️
Víctor POV

"Did you talk with her?" Bayoán asks, while I'm checking the file on a Beta from Brazil who could be the third, I don't know why Federico kept João when his sister Janaína runs numbers better, is stronger and is a fucking Truth Seer. This might cause some tension with João, but Izz asked us to get a third if we thought we need it and we do.

"Yup." It was nice talking with Izz without sarcasm and venom... For a while she was everything I wanted. I would always be on the lookout for missions she was going on and ask to join, those were the times she was mine and when I found Magdalena the guilt was feasting on me.

"Dude seriously, what did she say?" He's probably not going to like this... I don't like it. She came last night with her terms.

"She has her terms and there is no way she wants to remove the Block. She wants to give the pups what they need, and she will allow him to come back for a few more nights. She is aware of why he roared at her and she's taking the blame, but she's still not well from it. So she wants the Block to keep her numb... It's going to be, well... weird without her emotions in it and she's only going to allow it for a week, so tell him to feast on the bloodiest things he can, she only wants marrow." I can already tell he's not happy, even his mate said that it shouldn't stay up for more than two years. "Look it's not what we wanted for them, but it's something. We'll keep to the original plan and see if Blood Moon accepts coming over when everything is set." He looks out the window and sighs.

"She shouldn't be going though this, the next months will be... Complicated." I can feel his concern for her, it can be felt all through the Link. The people are happy their Alpha gave them two heirs, yet everyone knows her ordeal. Magdalena was talking with the other Priestesses and they say the people are going to the Temples and Shrines with offerings for her and her mate. But it'll be complicated... Blood Moon is better prepared than most packs, so they aren't a priority right now, but already other packs that have been receiving attacks aren't, we already sent teams with proper negotiators.

"No shit, look I'm sending you the information on the Beta I was telling you. Like I said, she's the sister to the Beta of Única Lua, she's way more accurate, a Truth Seer and from what training has shown so far, she's stronger and better at combat... We can train her in more tactical, but I have a feeling that she'll do fine. I'm trying to figure out why wasn't she made Beta." Bayoán looked at the tablet.

"I imagine for the same reason my mother was not made Alpha... She was stronger than Gúarionex, but he was first born and male. Izzy said that she trusted our judgement, we'll contact Janaína, see how she feels about it and after that we'll settle it with Izzy, so prepare for shit from Federico just in case." That was a controversy a long time ago... Some in the pack though Kiskeya should have ruled, yet she declared for her brother and the matter was closed.

"Are you going to take Izz's terms to her mate?" I hope he accepts, we need those pups as strong as possible.

"IZZ's terms? It's been quite a while since you called her that..." I look him square in the eyes.

"Bayo, your not an idiot, you and half this island knows that Izz and I had something and I'm not going to go into details. It's between her and me ONLY and we're dealing with trying to be friends. I kept quiet when I was angry and you can bet your ass your fishing expedition ends NOW. I have a mate I love and wouldn't do anything to hurt her and Izz has her complications but she too loves her mate and I want her happiness. Goddess knows she's EARNED it and deserves it, so don't even start, COMPRENDES PENDEJO?" There's no way I'm starting a gossip chain. He just smirks, typical. And raises his hands in surrender.

"Ok, ok, no need to bite my head off!" I glare at him and go back to checking another prospect.

"Bayoán we both know how things work here, I'm not going to make ANY move to affect her negatively so take your cheeky questions and shove it! Now, again are you going to take Izz's terms to her mate?" He signals like he's zipping his mouth... better. He and Ayato were always in her business, good thing we have video documentation of her handing their asses to them, they were humiliated but she earned their respect that day... Shit, she earned everyone's respect that day!

"Yeah, I'll talk with him tonight, he got the tattoo now. I have no doubt he'll accept, but it's going to be painful for him having to do this in the condition that she is." I don't want to imagine making love to my mate and just see emptiness in her eyes.


Kayden POV

It was long night and a long day, Adam and Marcus are really looking into the different techniques The Osupa use for combat, every Gamma was trying it out... It's going to take a while until we get this down. I didn't expect the Goddess herself would come immediately, yet at Dusk I summoned again and intend to do so until she answers. I took a shower and laid in bed watching any events of the day in Karaya and there was the news on the racing last night and there were shots of Delphine and Hatuey fresh out of the dungeons laughing. I couldn't help but chuckle.

"Usually the patrols ask the racers to take different routes to time how much it takes them to capture them trying to best their own time. Street racing is not encouraged, it was all about The Drag... however no one ever cared and the new French members seem to have a knack for it that and can definitely help us in the field for accurate and fast getaways especially if we have pups who can't shift yet or those who can't shift at all." Bayoán said as he walked through the portal. I stand up to greet him and extend my hand and he looks at it and looks at me and shakes it.

"Bayoán, Paco says you're an asshole." I say.

"Yeah, he's been doing that since Nina started calling me that when she was 7. You're lucky you don't have sisters." He says pinching the bridge of his nose.

"I can't say anything bad about Nina, she's been ok with me, even smoked some of her weed!" I heard some stories last night about the sour relationship between Bayoán and Nina. I learned quite a bit about The Osupa last night... It doesn't really matter where in the Greek Alphabet code your family stands, if they stand out in their area of expertise they earn mayor respect and status among the tribe. They were telling me about the Trudeau family who were from what is now Haití, they are Omegas and venerated by the pack as the best healers. Of that family is were Daniella the main physician of the island and doctor to the Alpha belongs. And Nina might be a Hellraiser who created one scandal after another, yet she was respected not just because of her family, but because of her own accomplishments as a Master Architect.

"You mean you got the weed from her... Nina can design the perfect building but for a garden Izzy is the one you need. Which is why I am here. Do you still want to help the pups?" Would they let me return?

"Yes, how are they? How is she?" I ask.

"The pups are fine, Izzy's Block is recalibrating the roars that you threw her way, so she's basically emotionally numb." I sit and nod thinking about it.

"She accepts blame for it, but it still doesn't change how the spell works. She still wants to give the pups what they need, so she will allow you to come back for one more week for marrow. It's going to be well... Awkward." I think on how it's going to be. Yet I still get to feel her in my arms, smell her, claim her.

"Yeah, I understand, I still will be there for her, is there anything that can spring any emotion from her?" I lock my door and go with him. We go through the portal.

"You can try, remember it's her emotions that are basically shut off to you, her body will respond just don't expect much, if you see fear in her eyes don't panic and give her space and talk with her." And we are again at her door, If she's willing to do this for our pups I will be there for her.

"Kayden, we are working on getting the Block off, but in a way she's right. If we take it off now she could go off the deep end." I nod, I can smell her, I want her badly. I open her door and she is sitting still in one of her couches looking at nothing, her eyes empty. I cross the room slowly and sit next to her, I try to take her hand but she pulls it away.

"I'm sorry, I didn't know you had a daeva inside you. I was afraid for the pups--" I sit closer to her and try to take her hand again and she allows it.

"It's done love... Izz I swear I will never roar at you again, I thought I had really hurt you... And this is a clear indication I did. Do you forgive me?" She looked at me with her dead eyes and nodded. She stands up in front of me and takes her robe off, she's naked in front of me as to get it over with. I look at her eyes... They're empty and now I understand that she really isn't there, she isn't Izz, she the mother of my pups making sure to get what they need, she doesn't have to do this, she could get a nurse maid. I caress her soft hips and her body reacts, her eyes close.

"Baby, if this is uncomfortable for you--" And she steps forward.

"Kayden, if you can't do this I understand. But I want to breastfeed the pups, I want to ensure they are as strong as possible and the best way to achieve that is with my milk and you as an Alpha claiming me as much as possible this next week. We don't know what is trying to find me, but if it does I want to give them a fighting chance. Make no mistake Kayden, my body wants this, it's just that... I'm not going to really be here." I can definitely smell how aroused she is and I was hard for her before she took off her robe. She walks to me and kneels unzipping my jeans and took out an already hard cock. She took me in her mouth little by little, until she had me completely down her throat and I was in heaven. After giving me the best blow job of my life she walks to the bed and crawls on it and stops leaving her legs open and her fingers playing with herself growing her arousal. Deacon and I can't take the scent, If I can't have her emotions I'll make sure to fuck her until she does feel SOMETHING!

I go to her while I take off my own clothes and push her fingers away from her pussy and touch it myself and it's dripping, I push her to the side and get behind her. I pull her body to me and lift her leg over my leg as I enter her and start pounding her without mercy, she's tight and soaking. I lick my fingers and keep stimulating her clit and my other arm was holding onto her beautiful breasts with those strawberry nipples I love so much.

There was no words with love, no looks with yearning, just fucking. Still, she moaned and screamed, her orgasms were ruining the bed and still I fucked her as hard as I could until very softly and with a sigh she said my name taking me over the edge and making me fill her as I again went for the mark on the back of her ear as I took her nipples and pinched on them. As she was trying to catch her breath I started moving inside her.

"No my lovely mate, you can't receive my love, I'll make sure that you are so well fucked that even with your stupid Block you WILL remember that I fucked you until you feel that you can't walk anymore, do you understand me beautiful?" I whisper with a hoarse voice in her ear. She nodded with her eyes closed and put her arm back around my neck giving me better access to her breasts which I started suckling.

I claimed her about six times just that night, we didn't really talk except for me occasionally asking her if she liked what I was doing and she asking for me to take her again. And everytime I knew she was FEELING for me when she sighed my name, I KNOW that she FELT for me. This was how it was all week, I didn't have her emotions fully, but I KNOW that she felt MY need and love for her and I did feel hers for me. Neither of us held back, and I saw a more primal side of her, one of pure lust and desire, she had no inhibitions whatsoever, there wasn't a place on her body I didn't touch, lick, eat, fuck... And now I love her even more... to me that week will always mean that she is mine no matter what, I don't know how exactly this Block works, but I DID feel loved by her. Her Block may cut my emotions from her, but hers are as bright as sunlight to me.
###chapter 111: The Mattress 🌶️🌶️🌶️
Loiza's POV

Kayden made true on his promise, I was in the most delicious pain after that week. Isla had the mattress of my bed removed to be disposed of and was asking questions non stop. It wouldn't be so annoying if everyone hadn't found out about the mattress... It's condition... well... Let's just say that the claw marks and blood didn't make it less embarrassing. Every night after he left I would ask for ice from the kitchens and would just lie in bed with the ice bag between my legs until I regenerated, still I wanted more of him.

"By the Goddesses Izzy there was more bodily fluids and destruction on it than a crime scene!" Nina, Ura and a almost due Frey, started pestering me. We were in the balcony having lunch with Isla who also found it hysterical. I didn't really care, I still felt him inside me. Last night was the last night we negotiated for him to come... My Block was done recalibrating and now I was just full of confusion. But it is what it is, I really need a clear head now to be able to ensure that those who are allies are protected, including Blood Moon. If we achieve this I could help Kayden persuade them to come here, he wanted to stay with me back in London, how could I permit that? I won't allow my mate to abandon his pack.

I was stupid enough to think that with my emotions as they were, that week would be stale and emotionless. I was so foolish to believe that I had fully consummated my mating with Kayden, I couldn't stop thinking of how he fucked me. He was merciless and I loved it, I even did feel love for him, how could I not love someone who was making me feel pleasure to that extent. I wanted more, and I couldn't stop smiling.

"Earth to the Mighty Alpha! Hades Izzy! Where is your head? He can't be THAT good!" Nina says while drinking her coffee.

"I don't have anyone to compare him to so I don't know. All I know is I thought I had experimented quite a bit, only to now know I didn't know jack shit. The first times he gave me comfort, he gave me what I needed, he was rough enough. This time... This time he did whatever he wanted and everytime I would be curious to see how it would feel and he didn't do a single thing that I didn't like. He let Deacon out plenty of times so I would let Aryn have her way." I say looking at the ocean. Deacon wanted to impregnate us again, but we're not in heat and are breastfeeding. By the Goddesses, we better have all this sorted before my next heat or my pain will be unbearable!

"Well Daniella says you are fully healthy now and won't have problems with feeding the pups for at least a year. But I am more happy for that smile that he has left on you mija, Goddess knows that the connection with our mates is crucial. You wear a beautiful blush!" Thanks Isla, that just increased my blush and the smile I can't get off my face.

"I just want everything to be sorted out here before we formally invite them, I really want us to be ok before my next Heat, I'm going to go crazy!" I say bitting my bottom lip.

"Don't worry about that either, just stock up on Jading potion! That's what Antoine and I are doing. He's staying this week in Atabex City and I will be here, after much debate we decided to try for a pup on my second Heat." Nina finishes her coffee.

"Wait, you're in heat NOW?" Freya asked her.

"Yup! We want a little more time to have fun as mates before pups come and we have more distractions." I was going crazy when I was in heat and I hadn't been Marked and mated.

"HOW?!" Both Frey and I exclaimed.

"I have a flask of Jading potion and my mate is in another city. We made sure that the places each would be staying would be free from each other's scent and yeah, I'm not happy, I feel he's not happy, but this will at least buy us half a year of more of the fun that Izzy seems to have enjoyed this past week... Sans the destroyed mattress. Hades Izzy! That mattress was new! And in a week you and Kayden turned it into a forensic nightmare! Seriously? Blood, cum, claw marks?! If this gets out it's going to be trending!" I couldn't help but smile more. On the first night alone the mattress was going to have to go, but I might have raked his back with my claws as he fucked me missionary, as I gashed his back he growled but he didn't even slow down.

When we finished that round he was almost healed, I apologized but he laughed and asked me to take a picture of it... I found it funny too until I went to take the picture and noticed that the tattoo was healing perfectly yet it was distorted until it finished healing. I accidentally dropped his phone and started panicking, he noticed and told me to put my robe on and he would wait in the balcony until it was fully healed and we waited for a bit. I peaked out and he ordered me to go back inside until he was sure that there was nothing in him. I was so angry at myself, it was so stupid! I waited for half an hour lying down on my divan sofa in fetal position.

Then I felt him crouching next to me. "I'm sorry, I am an idiot! That was so careless." I said. He untangled me and kissed my hands.

"Now I feel like the idiot! I shouldn't have gotten that ink on my back. I loved what you did! I even wanted a picture... I wanted evidence that my mate was an animal in the sack!" And he got a smile from me. "Baby it's ok, I'm fine, I just want more." And he parted my robe and started playing with my breasts as he licked my mate Mark and again I was his. But the evidence was the mattress which he did take a picture of. Now that my Block was almost back to normal, I couldn't stop thinking about it... He said he would get another one somewhere else so that I could feel free to do with his back as I pleased. Remembering it made me bite my lip and I felt my blush.

I want more too...

That night, after feeding the pups and putting them to sleep I still couldn't stop thinking about my past nights with Kayden. I lay awake restless... I got up and took another shower, as freezing as possible, still I was horny. I laid naked in bed and started to touch myself, I had the shirt that Kayden gave Bayoán so that each pup could have one... I just cut the first one in half and kept that one for myself. With his scent and thinking of the things we did this week, I gently massaged my breasts while my other fingers massaged my clit and I intensified the speed until I came... Only after three of those did sleep come.


Kayden's POV

I still could feel my dick inside the softness of her. Every article of clothing I had taken with me was in a basket next to my bed filling my room with her scent... I was drunk with it and then suddenly I felt it... She was touching herself! She was thinking about this week and I got hard instantly. We were just finishing a meeting and I dismissed everyone with a lame excuse and that we were done and I was tired.

I got to my room in seconds and got some lotion and stripped. I was focused on her, her scent and I opened my Bond to her to get every image she was thinking about and I started stroking myself. I felt her lust, her want, that primal side she showed me this week and I stroked myself faster. The moment I felt she came I couldn't handle it and came myself. She masturbated more and everytime I would join her. After waiting to see if she would go again and nothing I took a cold shower and kept looking at the picture of how we destroyed her mattress.

When I was in the balcony waiting for the tattoo to heal I could feel her panic and regret... My panic matched hers, but I talked today with Jamal, one of our Kappas who I gave the specs for the tattoo. He got some skins of some deer that had hunted and has been practicing. I want to get another one on my calf so that she can claw my back again if she wants, what she had showed me of herself before was more tamed, this time she showed me a true Alpha's lust and I loved it! I want her to let herself go everytime we are together.

Before returning last night, Víctor told me that they are working on somethings that are emergencies but to start verifying if Blood Moon would be willing to move to Karaya and like the other packs who have joined them, submit to HER.

"That's why we wanted a liaison... We want someone of your pack to live as us and see if Blood Moon can adapt to us and us to you. Listen man, I KNOW that YOU would more than likely submit to her, but I know Izz wouldn't feel comfortable with you abandoning your pack. It's not her way, she will want everyone's safety and your pack not to loose respect for you." I had known this already.

"You seem to know how she thinks very well..." I said looking at him.

"Damn it! That's right. Bayo sent you to Paco for your tattoo... Kayden, as I imagine you have figured out, gossip is indeed alive and well in our pack, it's become... cultural." He rubs his face in agitation. "You wouldn't think so with our numbers, but many of us have surrendered to our centuries old bad habit. Yeah, I know her very well and like I said before, I RESPECT her. I'm a mated wolf and worship my mate, whatever happened between Izz and I before is in the past and like I told her brother, I'm not going to say shit, so whatever questions you have, ask her, but I assure you that you don't have to feel any jealousy, we are trying to be friends... From what I heard you had PLENTY of women before... Since you found your mate, do you find ANY interest in any of them? Have you tried making peace with them? Friends? That's the only thing I will say about that. So do you have any OTHER questions?" His face was full of stoic determination.

"Did SHE have others?" I knew that she did but I wanted to see if he was sincere.

"Sorry dude. This island may love gossip, but many of us HATE it. This is something for you to discuss with YOUR mate and if you want my advice, I recommend that you don't start fishing for information that she would give you if you just ask her. Don't get caught up on bad habits. I assure you, she's not a fan of gossip either, asking questions about someone you love behind her back is not only disrespectful, but it would be hurtful to her. How would you feel if she went asking questions about your past behind your back? I don't want an answer to any of my questions, go home and ask them to yourself and think about what I said. Jason has been adapting very well, he's a good lad. We are best protected against The Council together and Loiza and your pups need you." He asked the Priestess to open the portal. Friends? Shit! He's right, I would totally hate it if Izz started asking questions of that nature about me and after how she put Delilah in her place, I don't think she is the type to ask or care what happened before we were mated. I extended my hand to Víctor... "Your right, could you please---" He shook my hand.

"She won't hear it from me, you're a lucky man Kayden, you guys just have had bad luck, timing, whatever you want to call it, but we are working on getting you two as you should be. So focus on your pack, she told you that Blood Moon would be invited. She's afraid for you and your pack, she knows that what you did puts a target on your back and I know her well enough to know that Block or no, she's not going relax until you are all safe." He nodded towards the portal. And I left understanding why Izz named him to be one of her Betas... Loyalty is always hard to find.
###chapter 112: Always More Questions
Víctor's POV

"What do you think of the candidates I sent you?" I ask Bayoán. "I want this done before I go on leave." Magdalena's Heat is coming up and we will basically be locked in our apartment for a week. She's looking forward to it and has been making prayers and offerings for a successful one. The thought of having her to myself for that time and the possibility of a pup has me exited yet anxious, but we need to add another Beta beforehand or Izz will have a mental breakdown and she already has enough on her plate. Of the seven packs who asked for sanctuary only the ones in West Kyoto, Tonga and Rumania have agreed to every term and have been verified by Truth Seers. They have had several losses and the pack in Tonga is small, only about 200 but the ones in Japan and Rumania are quite large ones of about 3,000 give or take.

"Yeah I already linked Janaína and Shomari to come in this afternoon, Izzy was impressed by how he was able to get things done having been in the dungeons and how he kept his composure." I have a week to finish this and oversee the extractions, good thing is that some of the vampires have volunteered, that will help speed things up. We already have 3 teams on their way to Mahina Katoa Pack, Enpaiamun Pack and Slujitorii Zeitei, Natalia was on her way with an additional team East of Mumbai, where Chandrama kee Chhaaya insisted for sanctuary yet THEIR Alpha wanted to be mate to ours. Izz had already ordered that any pack that put forth such a suggestion be left alone, yet their Beta and the pack have rebelled against him and have him chained in silver. Apparently the situation is deteriorating fast there and that pack is over 7,000 wolves.

"If Chandrama do come over that will raise our numbers to well above 40,000, maybe we should just include both Janaína and Shomari don't you think?" I can feel Bayo making the calculations in his head.

"With Natalia leading the negotiations I believe you are right, good thing is that Federico nor João have raised any shit for considering Janaína so that's a problem off the plate. And the extraction of Tanzania went smoothly thanks to Shomari's very precise calculations... I had asked Phoebs to verify any foul play, but she assured that everything checked out, so we could just call this a formality, yet I still want to check out Janaína's speed. If we end up with the numbers after Chandrama we will definitely need a fourth." The city in the Caney District still was near completion and many wanted to relocate there, as well as requesting more isolated villages. This is something that we were already expecting, many wolves are not comfortable in big cities, including us, so Nina has put Kappas to work to finish it so she can focus on renovations on old towns that were almost empty. Loiza's plans are the most ambitious any Alpha has put forward and she insisted on the development of a community in Karayita, Orwell liked the idea since the vampires would feel more comfortable there and they wanted to have businesses to encourage visits from the main island yet still have a little more seclusion. All in all we are indeed turning less from a pack and more into a country.


Loiza's POV

After going to the shrines I went with the pups to the lagoon. I sat on the shore and enjoyed how the twins were enjoying their first taste of sand and putting their little sea legs (or rather sea hands and knees) to the test. I hadn't visited with Pasha since they were born and was hoping she would show up. She didn't disappoint.

"It has been a while wolf sister, yes?" She stated as she swam towards the pups. Nature made me alert and she noticed and for the first time I saw her laugh.

"I will not hurt your offspring Loiza, just curious!" I felt embarrassed at my paranoia, they did help deliver them after all.

"I'm sorry Pasha, it's just... I have never been a mother before and instinct kicked in." Plus I still have so much confusion, responsibilities and I must admit, fear of deavas and why they keep looking for me. I want to just focus on our war against The Council, yet I have never been a fan of unknowns.

"No need for apologies, yes? My own sisters become protective of their offspring from everyone, as I am protective of them. Your just proving nature's purpose of procreation and it is also in the interest of my people that they are protected. It is with them that our pact will continue when you're time comes to leave this plane and join the realm of the Goddess. Yes?" When I leave this plane... Hopefully it will be a long time, yet we never know when that time will come. I give her a bitter smile, but she has a point.

"You are right of course, one day my time will be done and it's one of them that will be here talking with you, I hope you have many good conversations and I hope you also help advise them." Each of her entities goes to each pup and my worries fade away.

"My sisters have informed me of the events with the demons that infested your brother and mate..." Well as always Karaya doesn't disappoint in blabbing to everyone what goes on.

"Yes, I think that's also what has me a bit on edge, I will tell you a secret like the one I know of you. I fear them... I don't know what they want or who's sending them, it's the only thing I fear right now. One of them I could have taken as a coincidence, but two... And possessing people I care for... It makes me feel I don't have the power to understand what's going on and weak. I can't afford to be weak Pasha, our pack keeps growing and I need to know that I am capable of protecting them, my pups and you. I don't even know if they can infest you and yours." She looks thoughtful while taking the pups and putting them a little deeper into the water.

"We have never have had problems of possessions by demons among us, yet I heard you have a way of avoiding them?" She goes underwater and resurfaces.

"Yes, a tattoo. This tattoo to be exact." And I show her my ankle where one of the the tattoos to repeal deavas and other demons is. She examines it studying every symbol it contains.

"This is a very old incantation from the East. Karaya is sanctuary not just to those you are bringing, but to us as well, my people feel safe in Karaya's waters and feel better when we are close. I will order every mermaid to have one made... Some of them have already gotten art on their skin, for us it is painless and heal immediately. Humans say: 'Better safe than sorry' yes? We will comply with being safe and making sure that whomever is looking for you in such a violent matter does not find you? You keep me safe, I keep you safe." I felt overwhelmed, she didn't have to do this. But the fact that she wanted to protect me as much as I her made me feel a special camaraderie, as well as the fact that the mermaids were indeed finding safety in Karaya and feeling comfortable.

She kept going under water near the pups and it made me wonder...

"Do they smell like me under water?" I asked her.

"That's what I am trying to figure out... They smell of you and what I suspect is their father, yet they don't smell like US like YOU do. They smell of wolf, but not as a creature of the Ocean as you." I looked as they splashed the water but didn't know if I felt relief or disappointment. Yet it increased my own curiosity of what in Hades I was.

"Pasha... Do you have any theories of why would a wolf like me have that scent?" Phoebe was trying to figure that out, but with the work of double checking the packs that were to come and drawing up a very specific contract with Ayana for fae folk that wish to come, she's had to put it off.

"None, I have never smelled a creature not of the Ocean who smells as us. But I will look into old stone carved tablets to see if there is anything else resembling this phenomenon yes?" She saw that this was making me worry.

"Yes, I would appreciate any information on this. Before Sybil told me I had no idea." She started splashing the twins and they were enjoying the play, but inside I was wondering if I was some kind of freak of nature, especially now that I knew that my children hadn't inherited this trait. It actually did give me some relief though, yet I didn't know why.

"You are worrying too much Loiza, we will find out the answers to these questions, yes?" I looked as she kept playing with the pups, but my uneasiness didn't fade. From what she had told me before, none of my siblings had that smell and now I know that my babies don't have it either. What the fuck am I?
###chapter 113: The New Betas
Bayoán's POV

Janaína arrived early, she's almost as tall as Izzy, yet with a stronger, bulkier build. She has dark ebony skin, hair in long graceful cornrows, eyes the color of honey, I can imagine the unmated males all over her. As we tested her skills we also found out she can speak multiple languages and in her training so far has shown to be strong, agile and a competent fighter, both in human and wolf form...

"Janaína why did Federico name your brother his Beta when you are clearly much more competent and a freaking Truth Seer? That alone is very valuable to our pack." Víctor asked her. Since he met her on their way here the question has vexed him. I already told him that it was likely because of her gender, but Víctor has always thought those as ridiculous excuses, for him if a person is more competent he preferred them as partners in any mission regardless of gender.

She looked at him with bitterness... "Beta, I can see that my new pack thrives because you choose the best. It's not the same everywhere, I am female, I was barely allowed to even be a Warrior. I was to be a good little mate to some idiot and have strong babies. Because of my fighting skills, I was allowed to at least be a Warrior and only a sentinel at that." Víctor looked at me shaking his head.

"With that mindset I have a feeling more packs are going through difficult times, even we are not inoccent of this stupidity... Wasting their best resources because of petty bullshit! No wonder so many are falling like flies." I could feel his anger and frustration through our Beta Bond and I basically told him I told you so in our mind. Janaína seemed to share in his anger but she was poised and measured in her words. She was a true Osupa Beta indeed showing this much control of her rage, I liked her right away. Her and Shomari were already questioned by Morgana and Phoebe and she had already expressed her anger towards her old Alpha and The Elders of her pack towards their mindset.

Shomari arrived on schedule, he was even faster in his calculations outside of a dungeon cell and with his family safe. He had been receiving training with the Spogel family. Yet that time in training showed in the new bulk of his body, the Spogel family also gave a report on his training and according to them he is a strong asset to the pack whether in the field or as a Beta.

'...in the months Shomari Diop has been training for White Out espionage and in the field, he has shown impressive adaptation to the methods he has been taught. His speed has increased by 94% in regular terrain, 87% in powder snow, 79% in sleek snow and 69% on ice. His strength, which was already impressive, has improved by 97% and his Beta calculations are exceptional, functioning at easily a 178% capacity, well above any Beta we have trained. It's of my opinion that the candidate will not disappoint our pack, our Great Cacique or his comrades if accepted as Beta and I strongly recommend his admission.

Respectfully,

Enid Spogel Ramirez'

They really don't mess around, they didn't achieve their standing and power in the pack for nothing!

"So Shomari, Enid's report speaks highly of your fast adaptation to their rigorous training... Are you ready to spend more time in warmer weather?" I asked him as Víctor just smiled at Enid's report.

"You know? It's funny because even though it's hard as Hades, they have so many techniques that make you adapt very fast to their training. My sister and two of my cousins in fact love being in the cold, many of the albinos that we brought are thriving and love their new found strength and respect from the pack! And so many have found their mates with much enthusiasm... In Tanzania it was a curse to be mated to one of us, here everyone who's found their mates have not only not been rejected, but have found their true soulmates. I got used to the cold, but I had enough of it when I was growing up in London, so yeah I would love not having to deal with it so much." Víctor started laughing.

"Dude you only were in training with the Spogels for a short time, their training is INTENSE! Enid is being very generous in this report, for them anything under a 230% rating is insufficient! But still you impressed Enid and their family usually doesn't have Betas, they are an Epsilon legacy family, so you're going to have to impress OUR testing for the calculations, right now we really only need one Beta, but if you impress US like you have Enid we will definitely consider adding you. The pack will keep growing and not having to look for another Beta for a while will help with the work we have ahead. Got it?" Shomari gave a sly smirk.

"Well game on Beta Víctor, bring on your testing!" And we tested him just as hard as we did with Janaína... Calculus, trigonometry, advanced strategy, physics, changing combative styles and improvised moves, sharpshooting with different wind factors and then we shifted and did it all over in our wolf form. He and his snow white wolf Omen matched everything we threw at him.

Both him and Janaína were just as impressive as we had hoped. Víctor and I agreed that BOTH were exactly what we needed for our pack... We even wanted to do more training the four of us once they are named to increase our synchronicity.

Once we we're satisfied with what we were going to do we linked Izzy before telling them that we indeed wanted them both. She came with Isla and the pups and started studying the report while I took my nephew in my arms so she could focus more and check out the recordings of especially their improvising in combat. Morgana will go into labor very soon and I have been practicing here and there with the pups to get a feel for it.

Ura and Freya are now overdue and she's stressing, while Ura is absorbing her stress, each day they're adjusting more to the Twin Soul Bond, but Freya's personality is much more forward and stronger than Ura's. We thought that they would already be similar, but we were very wrong... But since Ura is naturally very laid back he is little by little projecting his own personality on her and the moment she starts stressing he plays with her hair or rubs her back and she settles down very quickly. Daniella and Estefanía are making record of it for a future Twin Soul matings.

"You're right, they're both very impressive! Can you imagine if they would have been born here?!" She says to anyone listening. I go to Víctor with Deacon so he can hold him.

"Get ready compadre, you are going to have your leave and you'll be carrying one of these soon!" He gives Izzy a questioning look and she just smiles and nods to him with a wink to take the pup. He takes him nervously while Izzy and Isla can't help but give out a laugh at his face. I see Izzy link someone before going back to the report and Isla comes to me and hands me Jade.

"I agree with you guys... Best to name them both and avoid having to deal with looking for another one in a while and I really like the idea of all of you training together. I'm so glad you agreed to take this office, it can hold four more desks easily and still be comfortable, I will order two more be added with the equipment necessary. Link them over so I can name them so they can start ASAP before Víctor goes on leave---" And just before she finishes the sentence...

"That's too adorable!" The Lady Magdalena comes in the office with shinning eyes looking at her mate holding Deacon. She gives Izzy a smiling look as she goes to her mate and Izzy winks back at her sister Priestess.

"I thought maybe a little inspiration would help with you guys with a successful heat! Please My Lady, don't let your ovaries explode at the sight!" Víctor was about to hand his mate the pup when she refused.

"I have taken care of pups before Mi Amor, I am enjoying the sight of THIS! And I don't know Alpha, my ovaries amongst other things are feeling like they're about to explode at this picture! Thank you for calling me over, Blessed Be!" She gave Víctor little kisses on his cheek turning him into a puppy.

"How does it feel cariño?" She asked him.

"I still don't know, but I am very interested in that part you mentioned about parts of you exploding... We will start on that as soon as I get off today! And it's going to be a rough week but once I am off you are MINE princesa!" He says while nibbling at her Mark making her giggle and Deacon starts laughing and his sister joins him when she hears him. Making Magdalena extend her arms towards Jade who in turn goes to her.

I already know that Morgana and I are having just one and she's not wanted to know the gender, but I already know it's a boy and everything is ready for our pup and Ura's to join the twins in the nursery when they are old enough, Mónica is going to have her hands full. But I can feel the nervousness mixed with excitement coming from Víctor. The other day Izzy and a few of us went to The Southern Temple with offerings so that they and everyone about to have their Heat have a successful one. Even in a healthy mated couple a heat doesn't guarantee offspring, especially on the first one, so this little exercise that Izzy did of linking the Lady Magdalena is an old wives tale of our people to help along with the successful fertilization of the egg.

"Alright guys, you'll have your fun soon enough and I will be telling Moira to send Kendra and Jolene over to take over your duties in the Shrine while you are on leave My Lady. According to Ryoko they are ready to take their duties as Handmaids to assist you, so with that and adding both Janaína and Shomari should give you both the peace of mind to forget about everything and focus on each other. I will check on the girls to make sure that they're not destroying your garden My Lady, I don't remember it ever looking as good as it does now!" She goes and takes Jade from Magdalena and Isla goes for Deacon.

"I can second that! I don't know what special magic you have My Lady, but after living here for so many years it's a joy to take my prayers to the Goddesses and meditate. Never have I seen so many species of butterflies and beautiful birds you almost never see so close to the coast, usually we would enjoy that more when we go for runs in the forests!" Magdalena's blush and Víctor's proud look towards his mate gives me hope that they will achieve what they wish.

"Bayo, link the candidates so that I can name them and you guys can get them up to speed on where we're at. I want a report on my desk tomorrow on the extractions taking place and the status on the other three that asked for sanctuary. I also want to give the alternative to packs that wish to stay in their territory... We can offer to send experts to train their Warriors like we did with Blood Moon, without the whole spy in their mists trick. We would need official treaties and declarations of them entering the jurisdiction of Avalon... You will extend this to Blood Moon as well. Whatever Kayden and his pack decide to do when we extended the invitations to openly join, I would prefer that they are as strong as possible. I hear Jason is doing good progress..." It's more a question than a statement.

"He's doing better than just good progress Izz, he's adapting much faster than expected, when he's not flirting with every unmated female on sight! By the Goddess, he was even making out with Safiro last week! And she wasn't using her seduction magic this time! The boy sure likes the Mermaids and they really like him!" Víctor reports to which Izzy just laughs.

"I'm more worried about Safiro, I have to talk to Queen Pasha about her, I don't mind her enjoying her time with the unmated boys or girls of her choosing as long as she doesn't use enchantments. I already told her Majesty that more likely than not the boys and girls will gladly make out with them without the need for magic! Either way I would like to talk with him, so dismiss his training for tomorrow and send him over with the report. Ok?" She says smiling at her son. "Are you going to be kissing Mermaids when you say your just going to the beach to surf mijo?!" He laughs as he grabs her face.

"No problem... So I'll link you when Janaína and Shomari are here, we'll make them do the reports so that they can get acquainted with how we do them. I'll inform Jason to be in your office after lunch, oh and The Commerce Committee wants to know when we're reopening the Red Light District and are asking for permits for Atabex City. Ayana and Phoebe have been asking as well to add to the contract with the fae folk, they are really looking forward to it." I just blurt that last part, that part of the city has been closed since before The Incident... I used to have some good times there, and not just sex, usually unmated pack members enjoy those, but there are also burlesque and exotic shows, the best lingerie shops and sex shops for toys and other fun stuff. I got Morgana my favorite set on her there when we Marked and mated, everything is usually one of a kind, the color of the fire in her untamed orange hair.

"By the Goddesses I had forgotten! I love Maddame VonNoir's Burlesque and Vedettes Dulce's and Chacha's shows... I never got to see the new show that Kike and his mate Santiago were doing with the silks in the air! Yeah, make sure everything is up to code and ask Ayana and Pheobe what do the interested fae have in mind, I am indeed curious about that, they usually have an ample imagination for the most exotic and interesting proposals. Anyway I'm going to feed these two, I'll be down once the new Betas are here and have Miguelina ready so that they can choose which apartments they wish as their rank dictates and that they can occupy as soon as they wish." And with that her and Isla leave to deal with the twins.
###chapter 114: Rallying Blood Moon
Kayden's POV

I keep going through Gaia's grimoire trying to get more memories about reading it with Izz... I KNOW I have read this before WITH HER. Did we have a past life together? Is that why we're mated? Since the last time with her and going more into details of her life through the Mate Bond, it gives me that impression and has made me more focused on figuring this out. I have learned new languages as well as new fighting techniques that now come very natural much to Marcus's surprise.

"How on Earth are you doing that Kay?! It's like you are turning more like them by the day!" Marcus asked after sparing and using some of the new techniques I got from Izz.

At first I fucking dislocated my shoulder and sprained my back with a few of them and it reminded me of the agility Izz used to fight Bayoán and her father. I started adding more stretching in my routine, Adam and Avis were on my back the whole time trying to match everything and passing it along to the others. Because of it and more intense training for the Epsilon sentinels led by Samuel, the few rogue attacks we have had, have been getting easier to terminate and word has spread that our territory is very well protected.

Lycan Blood in Tennessee has been getting hammered and their Alpha contacted us to help expand our territory and join our packs. He wanted to seal the deal by marrying me to his daughter, I declined that immediately but told him to come meet with us to talk terms. Endora warned me to be vigilant about it and I am definitely paying attention. Joey was sent here to train the Epsilons and verify if Endora was a Dark Witch, she found no foul play from her. It brings back the memory of Izzy explaining why she put a spy inside of my pack... 'Kayden I just wanted to make sure you were ok and look! You are!' Goddesses I love that woman! And even though we are apart, I join her everytime she touches herself... Everything in her mind in those moments are of us together. I am so in tune now with her that I don't even need the ring. I know Jason will contact us soon... She wants to send a team here to train everyone in their respective fields. I can feel her stress from the packs asking for sanctuary in Karaya, she is very focused on that but wants us to be ready when the dust settles down a bit to invite us to join them.

I already talked about this with Marcus, Avis and Adam and they were accepting of the proposal for the team to come train us. Last time we spoke with Jason he looked like he had added on about 20 pounds of muscle and can't stop going on about how he loves it there. He even started gloating to to them, Leo and anyone who would listen about how many Mermaids he had made out with! He even sent files with selfies with some of them. Needless to say some of the members were shopping for more tropical attire. When I told them about the tattoos they were not so trilled... Then Jason went ahead and showed his on his outer bisep along with the rest of his arm, the boy went ahead and got a whole sleeve done on his right arm and the selfies with the Mermaids showed that they had them as well.

Jamal, Murray, Khloe, Eddie and Savannah had already perfected it and I got another one on my calf and they decided on their own to get them. We had a pack assembly about that and the possibility of moving to Karaya. Endora decided to get the tattoo herself, she knew what it was and the power it held and explained to everyone that it is a powerful incantation to repeal demons from entering and possessing anyone. Also, her explaining that fact proved to her that The Osupa have taken these protection measures was a true testament of how seriously they take the security of their people... Everyone started to agree on getting them.

We got a transmission from Jason that very night explaining the plan Izz had of sending a team of professionals to train the pack and he was a little disappointed when we already knew. After giving more gloating about his exploits and people asking questions I made everyone leave hearing range... Which is pretty far.

"How is she Jason? How are the pups?" I ask wanting to know how his opinion.

"I had a meeting with Alpha Loiza in her office the other day when she told me her plan to send the team there, since we're already under the jurisdiction of Avalon we're cool, but other packs want the same package. But for her to allow it they must enter Avalon's jurisdiction as well, some have accepted, others, not so. We have two new Betas and three new packs are on their way to join The Osupa. There is another that they're negotiating, the Alpha wanted a marriage pact with the Alpha." Already I felt my blood boiling, what in Hades is this fascination with sealing a deal with a marriage pact?!

"Aaaand?" I ask knowing that my mate doesn't take lightly to having 'conditions' placed on her.

"Oh, hells no! She had already placed an order that any pack wanting that could hang! Yet their Beta and the pack have rebelled and cut off the Alpha's tongue so he could not give any commands... Those wolves in India don't play!" I can't help but smile!

"And the pups?" I ask at once.

"Oh man! They are growing hella fast! My rooms look over the now officially named Mermaid Lagoon, did you know she gave birth to them THERE?! Because of Queen Pasha's and the Mermaids assistance on their birth, the people have become very protective and welcoming towards them." Queen Pasha?

"Queen Pasha, is she the white one or the black one? I saw the video and yeah it was awesome!" I feel so giddy talking about this with someone else, I thought about telling Marcus, but I won't unless Izzy gives me the green light... And I sometimes regret sending Jason rather than Marcus... She even was hoping for it to be him so that they could bond.

"Nah Boss, she's BOTH! She's two entities in one! She even gave them a special Blessing!" Both?!

"Anyway I can see the Lagoon from my room, the Alpha has been taking them often to start their swimming lessons! Everyone here learns how to swim as early as possible, I asked the Alpha if I could record it. She said it was fine as long as she saw it first and that she would send it to your ring through the encrypted channel she has for your eyes only. Her brother and his mate gave birth to a girl last week and they have started to join them for the lessons. They have huge pools inside The Fort but they prefer the Lagoon, she explained that it's best for them to get used to the salt water and getting their eyes used to the sting and in that I have to agree. At home we are used to the lakes and sweet water but when I started having fun in the beach I'm still not used to the salt in my eyes and wear goggles and it amuses some of the ladies and the Mermaids find it hysterical, it's a bit embarrassing. Yet I still get the attention of the girls and it's a good excuse to beg them for help and they're not shy on helping poor little me... There's this particular girl that has my heart wrapped around her adorable little fingers and---" Jason has become an even bigger flirt than I used to be!

"Jason, buddy, I just wanted to know about my kids man. Keep your escapades for when you go off with Leo! I'm glad that you're loving it there but it's making me want to just pack up and join you and I have to convince the WHOLE pack to want to do the same when we get our invite, so keep helping me out man! I'm going to go now and tell the others to come here so you can convince THEM, I would already be there if I could. So record my pups getting their sea legs and tell Alpha Loiza that we accept any terms for a team to be sent over and to send me that and any recording of the pups, ok?" I link for the others to come back and get more information about how Jason is doing over there.

"Oh, and Jason which of Izz's brothers had their pup? Was it Bayoán?" His mate has been pregnant since they were here.

"No, Morgana is due in a few weeks, it's Urayoán and Freya the ones who had their girl and she's super cute! She's almost a replica of Ura except for Freya's pale grey eyes. General Braka and Helena are expecting VERY soon! Alexis and Claire had another boy, too. She was prego before leaving Blood Moon, there's been a big baby boom and Beta Víctor is going on leave tomorrow for his and Lady Magdalena's Heat, and FYI, Kendra and Jolene are here, too! They are taking over Lady Magdalena's duties until she finishes her Heat and apparently will stay as her Handmaids, the gardens where the shrines are located are HUGE, I'm talking acres! The other window of my room has an awesome view!" Great! Jason has become a gossip too! Wait... Leave?

"What do you mean by going on leave?" I can't help it, I promised Víctor I wouldn't get caught up with the gossip, but this sounds like an official protocol... Yeah, perfect excuse!

"Yeah, when a mated couple get their Heat they get leave from work or any duties for how long the Heat lasts, that way the couple can focus solely on each other while the families go to the Shrines and Temples with offerings to the Goddesses to bestow upon them their Blessings to ensure that the Heat is successful! They also have leave when the pup is born to ensure that the new family can bond. Brianna took me to the Temple the other night and there was a WHOLE family presenting the new member on the altar and The Lady Cresta Blessing the pup, the ritual is very sacred to them and is performed under the full moon. It's like the entire family is giving as much of their life energy to the pup and if there's other people other than the family they also join in and give offerings for the wellbeing of the pup. They definitely live up to that saying that 'It takes a village'." By this time a lot of the pack members were in the large comms room we prepped in the pack house so that they could listen to what Jason had to say about life in Karaya.

"When I was in heat I had to wait for Robert to come home and was in pain all day!" Someone said.

"They sure put family first!" Was another. Great now I'm going to have to start scheduling this in, Izz has FOUR Betas now and they already have a system in place.

"Yo Jason! When did you start going to Temple man?! I thought you wanted to be the next Casanova." Leo asks chuckling with others joining.

"I'm trying to change my ways, I met someone really special and she turns 18 in a few weeks! I have been learning how to make offerings so that she's my mate! Dude she's Josephine's little sister Brianna, and her family is a big deal here on the island so I have been behaving since I met her last week, it was her older brother's pup being presented at the Temple and she invited me. You know that Josephine is actually a year OLDER than the Alpha and that she has a twin sister! You had such a crush on Joey... Maybe you'll have better luck with her twin Samantha..." I left all of them so they could keep chatting and asking questions, he would have another hour to let them know of other festivities and daily life questions the pack liked asking Jason. I was already feeling my mate getting horny and already knew that it meant that I was going to have some self love but with her totally on my mind.
###chapter 115: The Man Whore
Kayden's POV

"Seriously?!"--- Jason recorded my mate and her brother and his mate teaching the pups to swim, I don't know if The Osupa know or care for bathing suits, but I am getting Izz one that she can't live without! I get that nudity is very normal for them... But Marius saw Loiza naked and now Jason! I'm going to have to gash the boy's eyes out! Jason is unmated and almost two years older than Izz!

"Sorry Boss! But The Lagoon is only accessable to the residents of The Fort! You should already know how The Osupa are! For them this is like being naked in their pool!" So everyone who lives there has seen her?!

"How many residents are there in that pack house Jason?!" I know it's way more than a pack house, but how many?

"I don't know... I'd say about over 400. Plus it's a public building, the living quarters are separate, but the ground floors and basements people come and go all day, there's an archaeological team working in The Catacombs right now." Over 400!

"Jason I want to know how many people see my mate naked daily?" He just looks worried.

"JASON! I ORDER you to tell me, remember, I'M still your Alpha!" He sighs and drops his head.

"Boss, I'm not disobeying... It's just you adapt to it... Their way of life makes more sense. You spend the day letting your wolf loose in the rain forest all morning, there are some awesome waterfalls you can only get to in wolf form. So you just find it and shift to enjoy it... Only The Osupa KNOW THEIR country better than anyone, and there's people already there, but they're naked too because to---"

"Yeah, yeah, the only way to get there is in wolf form!" I say smacking my face. "So basically EVERYONE'S seen everyone's business at one point or another and not covering themselves at all?" He answers gesturing BINGO. Arrrg! Ok, Kayden, relax, we knew about this!

"And since it's never cold and no one really mentions it, you kinda forget about it too! You just have to always remember where you left your keys and that system is being advanced to finger print and retina security, I'm lucky to live at The Fort cuz you just come and go and if you want to lock your rooms you just use your ring. But with the new system no one will even have to worry about that, although to be honest, no one really locks their doors around here!" And she said I was a prudish outsider! Of all of the things I've learned about The Osupa, this feels so weird, yet it makes absolute sense. I am definitely going to have to get over this, and she definitely doesn't give a fuck who's seen her since she accepted this video be sent and there's other naked people without anybody caring, neither Urayoán or his mate seems to care either. But regardless, she looks so much better, I wanted her so badly, I wanted to smell my pups and have their scent near, it made me long to hold them.

Alpha Felix of Lycan Blood came to talk terms he was accompanied by his son and daughter, the one he wanted me to marry. She's pretty enough, light brunette, very nice petit body, but she's no Loiza.

Endora has officially deemed this encounter as treasonous, we were in high alert although everything seemed very civil. We had lunch and suddenly Alpha Felix's daughter goes missing. I looked at Marcus and had a hunch, I get up as I try to read Felix's face. And just as I thought, she's naked in my bed!

She throws her arms around me and whispers: "Hello Alpha! I have heard so many interesting things about you." She says trying to gain access to my cock.

I take her wrists and shove them away
"Then you should know that I am Marked and mated. Get dressed, get out, you're infecting my room with your scent!" She looked shocked, how many times has she done this for her father to get what he wants? "It does smell very particular in here..." It was starting to get on my nerves.

"I SAID GET OUT!" She still didn't comply "Awe c'mon Alpha, I would love a taste of the 11 incher I keep hearing about, don't worry, I won't tell if you don't!" That was enough for me to grab her by the arm and take her to her father right then and there naked in front of everyone.

"Was this a bad joke?! You really think that this would be a way to manipulate me to your will?! I have already risen the alarm in my pack of your scent, if you're pack's scent is in MY territory again every single person with the scent will be eliminated, enjoy your time with The Council... Get OUT!"

"You are a bold brat aren't you?!" I am done with other pack drama and I'm not wasting my breath in petty bullshit with this asshole. My hand changes to a claw and I just gnash that mother fucker's face and give him the biggest roar I have ever given anyone. I don't want to start shit with Lycan Blood over this so I'm merely giving them a warning. Yet it was effective enough to make their whole entourage piss themselves... Onlookers started laughing their asses off!

"Yeah, I guess you could say I AM A BOLD brat, asshole! Any Lycan Blood in Blood Moon in my territory will be KOS and thank the Goddess I don't start this second! Now leave my territory and just some advice... Stop pimpin your daughter! Doesn't that gross you out you piece of shit?!" Having a daughter myself now I just couldn't imagine doing that, seriously, what the hell?! Needless to say they left with their tails between their legs.

I had fucked more than a few from outside our pack... Ugh! If she knew my size plenty outside or inside my pack could have given that information. After I kicked out Alpha Felix and his offspring out of my territory, I had Marcus and Avis round up every piece of ass I have had been involved with inside my pack and to take them to my office.

To my surprise there were more than I remembered. By the Goddess! I WAS a man whore! I punch my forehead while sitting down in the chair by my desk and look at each of them. Delilah for some reason feels emboldened enough to get closer and try to touch me... What is she thinking?! Wasn't being chastised and humiliated the way she was enough to make her understand? I knew she wasn't very smart but never thought she was outright dumb as fuck, just to think that my dick was ever inside her made me a little nauseous. I grabbed her wrist before her hand could touch me...

"What do you think you're doing?" I say as calmly as I possibly can. Breathe Kayden.

"You seem quite stressed Alpha, I just thought you'd like---" Ugh! I just feel embarrassed... What was I thinking?! I even considered making her Luna once!

"You though wrong, go back with the others!" When I saw that she just stood there my patience started to wean.

"NOW!" That was enough to make her understand and joined the others. I hope she finds her true mate soon so she can get her notions of me out of her head. I address the other 22 women before me. For fucks sake 22! And that's just my pack alone. I'm basically doing the biggest 'walk of shame' ever. 
###chapter 116: Making Peace
Kayden's POV

"I called you all here because I want to apologize to each and every one of you. In the past I used you and maybe you used me as well, but we all belong to the same pack and regardless I am your Alpha. My job is to make sure you're all protected, I can't do that job if any one of you goes and yaps your mouth about intimate details that we shared in the past. You can be pissed at me all you want, and yeah I deserve it, but I officially command you to not disclose any personal information that might be used to endanger this pack, do you understood?!" I definitely use my Alpha voice... Damn it, I should have done that a long time ago.

Sarah comes forward: "Alpha, can I speak freely?" Oh Sarah... She was so pissed when I told her never to come to my room again and yet now I notice that she is Marked!

"Of course, I want all of you to do so. I made a big mistake as Alpha, I never considered the rift my actions would bring the pack. So please, any grievances now's the time ladies." I owe them that much. I need to fix this, The Osupa are right, there must be harmony in a pack to make it strong.

"Thank you Kayden, that means a lot. Look... I found my mate within Half Crescent Moon, I understand how you feel about your own mate, I came to understand a lot of things when I found him and I have been observing how your leadership has really improved since you found her. I guess that's why there is a mate bond to begin with..." She turns a bit so that she can also face the others, I noticed that there are more who bear mate Marks... I guess it must have happened when Half Crescent Moon joined us because those who found mates with The Osupa left with them. Sarah is one of our Epsilons sentinels, before she served as a teacher's assistant.

"Regardless of whatever happened in the past I hold you or anyone here any ill will, at least not anymore. I am at peace with it and I am glad that despite the complications you have with the Luna, because even though your mate isn't here and is in fact the Alpha of another pack, she HAS been our Luna. She has tempered you to be a better leader, I know that Josephine was sent by her to help us improve our defenses, I am aware an Osupa team is coming to help train us more effectively and we all know she took Jason as a liaison to connect us more to their way to help us be safe. So whatever anyone may bitch about I have to admit the woman has earned not only her position, but my respect and loyalty. Alpha, I'm not the only one neither in this room or the pack who thinks this way and a lot of us already suspect what the most likely next move will eventually be. I want you to know that the vast majority of the pack stands behind you and the choice you make..." I noticed that she gives Delilah a glare laced with venom as Delilah has her arms crossed over her chest pouting, while others where nodding in agreement. "... and will follow you AND our Luna, even if she might be our Alpha in the future. From what Jason has been reporting to us and with this whole treachery from The Council it seems to me that Karaya Island is the safest place for us, we would still be together, we would have a better place to raise our pups and even if Loiza becomes our Alpha you would still be her mate and in a position of leadership who will take care of our needs." So everyone in the pack seemed to take to heart that I do plan to move the pack and from the looks of it I have majority's support, and then I notice that Sarah's belly has a small bump... She's thinking about her pups safety and future and this makes me smile.

"How far along are you?" And she smiles and looks down and caresses her stomach.

"Two months! We can't wait." She says looking up with a hopeful glint in her eyes.

"Sarah, why didn't you mention it before? I will take you from Sentinel duty, is there anyone else who is pregnant in the front line?" Now I understand why The Osupa have leave for these circumstances. Pups are precious, there's strength in numbers and the pups are the future of the pack, so of course The Osupa give leave for heats to raise the chance of them being successful, but also give it for pre and post natal care to ensure that the pup is strong and the mother recovers quickly. The rest of the pack takes up the slack, but it also reaps a new healthy member who will contribute in the future.

"You're relieving me of my duties Alpha?" She says with knitted eyebrows in confusion.

"No. Your duty has simply changed temporarily, once you have delivered a strong and healthy pup and you are in top shape again you will return to your post. Also I'm going to ask you to make a census of every pregnant member who's post is risky and send them to me. If their job is not one that will put them in direct danger still send pregnant members for a second plan, we will take everything into consideration to ensure the comfort of the future mother and health of the pup. Can you help me with that Sarah?" She smiled.

"See what I mean?! Let me guess, that is The Osupa way, right?" I just nod at her and she gives me a beaming smile as if she had unlocked the power of seer!

"Please thank our Luna next you speak with her. I will do as you say, can Annette assist me Alpha?" I look over to Annette who was very quiet, our relationship didn't end badly, it was just sex for both of us, she never had pretensions for power, just lust. And I notice that she too is Marked and is showing, even if it's less than Sarah. Annette is a Rho, according to The Osupa Greek coding they are skillful techs are have a natural affinity for invention or improving existing tech.

"Are you working on anything in particular Annette? And congrats to both of you by the way." She gives me a soft smile.

"I have been working with Benny and Carol on the mainframe to improve the signal with Karaya and every allied pack we have, as well as a few ideas that I have been developing myself. Thank the Goddess that we now know how the Greek coding really works, otherwise I would be still be stuck in that stupid kitchen! No wonder I hated it and would be daydreaming all day about the things and ideas in my head that I originally thought were crazy. I would love to assist Sarah in this, however Alpha I don't need to be on leave right now, my duty to the pack is out of direct danger and it actually helps me relax." I just realized another benefit of The Osupa way... If someone is given a chore that is plays to their natural talent, it's not really work for the member so they will give it their all. Just like Paco said... EVERYTHING is training!

"Deal, but no joke Annette, the moment you start feeling discomfort I want you to report it to me, Marcus or Avis, understood?" She rolls her eyes jokingly smiling and gives me a salut.

"As my Alpha commands!" To which Sarah and some of the others giggle and I notice Marcus and Avis who where behind the women giving me a thumbs up, they have kept quiet thinking that this meeting would be awkward and potentially turned hostile, but to our surprise with the exception of Delilah's earlier bullshit it's been rather amicable. And I got another understanding of The Osupa way and what Víctor told me: '...since you found your mate, do you find ANY interest in any of them? Have you tried making peace with them? Friends?'

Making peace...

Since meeting Loiza and The Osupa my way of seeing and approaching things has definitely changed and just the fact that I'm willing to admit that is the biggest proof. Why was I so stupidly arrogant before? Because I am an Alpha? A wolf? Marcus isn't like that and we shared the same DNA and frankly our psycho parents raised us well even though we were in the dark of their own dark tidings. We had a strong pack before, but thinking about how with just a little push to adjusting to The Osupa way we have become stronger and since there is less stress because everyone is doing something that makes them feel accomplished, camaraderie between members that had personal beefs has increased. Sarah used to LOATHE Annette! And yet here they are absolutely fine... I remembered that it's a great taboo for The Osupa to reject a mate, making their bonds very strong and besides their gossipy ways, which to be honest is not unusual for any pack, it's just that they are SO MANY that it turns from gossip to NEWS and entertainment which actually makes it hysterically funny to me, I really haven't heard of any conflict within the pack. No bad blood or animosity...
###chapter 117: The Alpha's Mate
Kayden's POV

And Víctor's voice comes again: '... here's the thing about our pack, two people might not like each other very much, but there is something that moves every single link and that is duty and honor to your people...' '...on THIS island your mate has loyalty and respect from her people, of those who like her and those who don't, loyalty means EVERYTHING to us!' Loyalty... The Osupa might be gossipy, but they don't vent dirty laundry to outsiders.

And I notice that I don't feel angry that Víctor has been very intimate with my mate in the past and that I actually feel respect and gratitude towards him. Since his blooming friendship with Izz he has been reasoning with her to have me by her side sooner, while at the same time giving me very insightful advice not just on how to maneuver Izz, but insight on the thought process of the tribe and I can feel like he's already helping me adjust to it and I know he's sincere on wanting our happiness, especially Izz's. And because of the previous intimacy they shared he has his way to get through to her that others can't...

Nope, no anger towards him. The Osupa accepted EVERY mate that were granted to them here and it was one of OURS who rejected and yet at the end of the day even Diana couldn't stand to be without her Osupa mate. I remember how livid Izz was over this, it was like someone has spat at her family! Come to think about it... I was on pins and needles at that time afraid to loose her and she had not rejected me, and how before I met her, the whole mate thing was bullshit to me. And now... Now I am willing to submit to her. I will still be an Alpha in physiology but the title will not belong to me and I chuckle because the Luna position is taken! I would just become the Alpha's mate.

Even our pups names are hyphenated carrying HERS first since they basically carry HER dynasty, and my pups faces come to mind... her words and look of exasperation on her face when she got in the helicopter that day in London: 'Guess what? I want my mate too, one who will trust me! But I need MORE than just YOU, I can't think on JUST YOU! I need a lot of work to finish to ensure the future reig--- of my people I have a LOT TO DO!'

She meant to say reign of our children! She's not just destroying The Council... She's building a supernatural empire which our children will inherit! And so far, she has proven successful. While I'm here focused on just getting her, she's been focused on getting EVERYTHING, including me! My puzzle Master...

I dismissed everyone and told them that I wanted to meet them for coffee tomorrow, I still needed to figure out where the information of my thang had come out from. As long as it wasn't from MY pack, I didn't give a damn what any childish cunt would say, I have never shared internal information about my pack with ANYONE from outside. I would enjoy my time with her, but I never bashed or gossiped about anyone from here. But if it was someone from HERE I will not tolerate that, and I would try to find a way on how to approach Delilah. It's not just all on her and I had to take responsibility for promises made and my own attitude, it might even be her, and if it's her, I share some responsibility.

Ugh! Damn you old Kayden! I will definitely have to take all of this into consideration when I finally am by Loiza's side and am able to council my children... Just thinking about that weight alone made me understand that wrenched look on my beautiful mates face in that video basically BEGGING to fucking get a clue and to start helping her solve the puzzle. While she was trying to make me THINK about what the symbol that appeared on my wrist and who the voice of the woman I have been talking to, I was thinking on how much I wanted to make love to her to the point of leaving my pack behind. Víctor said that Izz didn't want me to abandon my pack, she didn't want them to loose my respect and now talking with the group of women that I thought were going to chew me out and go into the usual pack bullshit drama, they were hailing their absent Luna and actually and being civil, even friendly towards each other. Some are pregnant right now with future subjects of MY children, if I had left them... They would loose their strongest link and opened them for danger and then if I had regrets and returned for them how would they respect my children knowing I had a part of raising them?!

My brain was thinking so fast today, pieces being connected like magnets, her words echoing: 'I'm going to be honest with you Kayden, I haven't been so well, I'm a Gamma, I wasn't born to do any of this! I am a Priestess and I really loved being out on the field. I don't know what I'm doing half the time, but I KNOW I have to protect them... And I am not just talking about the pups. We aren't 10,000 anymore and I took on my duty as I always have, before me, the pack goes first, that's how we survive.'

She's so strong that sometimes I do forget she was Gamma born, the thought process of a Gamma and an Alpha are different and can sometimes come in conflict. She must be feeling a little like when she returned from Avalon which she was still kinda disconnected with the pack... As a wolf, I don't even want to imagine that sensation, yet when she was in Avalon she THRIVED as an independent thinker! Even so, she returned to fulfill her duty... To The Osupa, the pack comes first. She doesn't just feel responsible for the pups, she IS a true Alpha as she must take all of the pack into consideration and even though Blood Moon had yet to join them, she was protecting, not just them, she was protecting my own reputation and legitimacy to partake in their education, but they themselves as legitimate heir to her own legacy. This isn't just a wolf pack, this was a small Empire... She was being guided by Gaia herself for this task!

And then I reflect on Bayoán's words: 'I always expected Izzy to be mated to someone grand!' Pondering on all of this, it made sense... But... Being honest, there REALLY isn't anything 'grand' about me, yeah I'm an Alpha, but unlike Izz, I NEVER even would have considered an Alexander the Great type move like this! Sure, some packs will take over the territory of another and in most cases the pack would be eradicated. Izzy was BUILDING, she was bringing those The Warewolf Council deemed unfit, giving them sanctuary, changing their perspectives, training them, giving them hope and creating a powerful and harmonious unit. So even if in the future if The Council does even think on threatening her people again, they will desist at once... That is if she hasn't already decided to completely annihilate them. She's even riled up The Vampire Council because even some vampires joined her and agreed with her angle.

'... I don't know what is Gaia's plan but Moira always said that it was by Selene's will that Izzy become powerful but that Gaia guarded her steps and would return her to her true self...' Her true self?

For some reason I think Bayoán doesn't know the answer to that question either or what it even MEANS! I look at my hand and feel like I have a sense of deja vu... Grand... I look at the symbol for Earth on my wrist. I have seen this before. For some reason I have a memory of when I was a kid. I have been avoiding them since my parents are cluttered in them. I must have been around 9 and the pack was having a fun bonfire night, I remember the grown-ups drinking and talking with each other, Marcus, Avis, Adam and myself where looking for the s'mores stuff. I must have eaten like 10 of them until Adam said something that to this day when we recall that night, none of us can remember, which pissed me off. We started fighting and I slipped, my right hand fell on the little private fire we had started for our own s'mores... Warewolves have rapid healing but until you're able to shift and your wolf manifests fully, healing can be quite slow for our standards, that's why we focus so much at protecting the pups, until they shift usually at 16, they are vulnerable.

I was freaking out because I could feel the burning sensation yet the hand wasn't burnt. All four of us were freaked out by it and since we were fighting we didn't want to explain that detail when questions on the incident would come, we never told anyone. We still mention it to each other and try to focus on that night, but for some reason we can only recall that detail. I am going to have to talk to them again, for some reason now I do feel that there's more to it.

'You carry her Mark... She MUST have manifested herself to you. It was her who mated you with Izzy, not Selene, she bequeathed her blade to you and don't you have her grimoire?' I was talking with the Goddess Gaia all this time? I have been so engrossed in how magnificent my mate was and how much I wanted to be by her side, that I set aside my OWN contribution to Gaia's plan. If she would have wanted me to be a simple sperm donor why even manifest herself to me if that was achieved the moment I mated with Izzy?

I stand up suddenly startling Marcus and Avis.

**It was about time you started waking up child of the Sun! You must remember, just like she must, he is always looking for her and the ages have not made him less ire. He still wants her to return to his side and you gone forever, I should have put both of you in vampire bodies!**

'Great Mother?!'

**Follow your instincts Kayden... WHO are YOU?**
###chapter 118: The Tiara
Loiza's POV

The boats arrived earlier than expected but we were almost ready. This will be the first time I receive new members not being pregnant, that alone helps my mood. I don't have to worry about anything going wrong and the pups being at risk giving me a sigh of relief.

Ximena had chosen a Navy Blue, one shoulder simple silk gown with a half cape draped on the side with the sleeve making a train behind me in the old Greek style with beautiful draping. She accessorized it with a gold belt around my back to normal waist with my family's crest in the center, displaying once again my hour glass figure... I have to go back to training. She added the gold leaf earrings, my wolf armband and of course The Guanín. Isaura added another layer to the Queen's Braid... Something to do with our numbers and the fact that I am now a contributing mother to the tribe. Where did all of these formalities come from?! I was in a great mood and now I'm getting annoyed! Then she places a golden Roman type tiara on my head and I catch her right there...

"Master with respect, such a thing isn't necessary, everyone knows who rules here." This is was a wee over the top. I know who I am and I don't need any crown of any sort, The Guanín is more than enough to give an ostentatious feel. Still she placed it on my head and adjusted it to look perfect... I can't stand the sight of it.

"It was ordered by the Betas and the Luna!" Shit! I go for my easiest target: 'BAYOÁN!'

'WOMAN ARE YOU INSANE?! I ALMOST CHOKED WITH MY OWN SPIT!' Morgana was supposed to go into labor this week... He was very on edge.

'What are you all thinking about this stupid tiara?! I FUCKING REFUSE!' I am almost roaring at this point and Isaura backed up feeling my rage through the Link even though she doesn't know what was said... But... Why was it bugging me THIS much? I felt that all the Betas and Isla were coming. I looked at my image in the mirror and for some reason I feel I have seen myself like this before. My hands are clammy and shaking... The fuck is this?

They all barge in the room and Víctor instantly notices my colorless face. He comes over with a soothing voice, he knows me well enough to know that getting agitated in this state could shut me down or make me explode. He's holding both my shoulders and gets down to meet my eyes... By the Goddesses that gaze would still give me a chill! There's no sexual tension, it's just Víctor's natural charm.

"What's wrong? Cariño take a breath." He says gently looking in my eyes and I obey, he didn't call me Alpha or Izz... Cariño, his words were so soothing and intimate. But now I notice that it's not just him, all four of them are focusing on calming me down. They were in full synchronization, all four pair of aquamarine eyes on me and I am stunned! My heartbeat is retuning to normal.

Shomari looks at the tiara and frowns and takes it off my head carefully and with respect and examines it, yet in our own Bond I already feel he's found nothing wrong with it.

"Alpha, did you react because we ordered it or when placed on you?" He asks. I think back...

"I was already VERY annoyed by it's sight when my rage hit, the fact that you all ordered it didn't really bother me, but when I saw myself with it... I just... I can't explain it... Please tell me that it's hexed or something and not me going crazy! I can't stand the sight of it!" I look at my brother and he sits me down and hugs me kissing my forehead as he searches my feelings.

"Leave the tiara, we wanted to establish... Nevermind, it doesn't matter. She's fine as she is." And he tells Ximena and Isaura to leave for a moment.

"By the Goddess, what was that?!" Janaína asks grabbing the tiara and examining it herself.

"It's not the tiara... Well I mean, the tiara isn't hexed. It was HER reaction to seeing herself with it... And the style... Izzy can you open your mind more?" We don't have time for this.

"No. I need all of you to help me cool down to subzero... We will definitely look into this once this very important matter at hand is settled. Those coming will soon be our brothers and sisters, what impression will we give them?!" Bayo holds me tightly... We may have our tiffs, but I'm so glad he accepted to be my Beta... Even if the asshole took his sweet time about it! I just don't want to think about how those days in Blood Moon and then back here would have been without him, and I hug him back tightly as well. I feel through his heartbeat how they are giving me a steady rhythm and I gave a heavy sigh of relief.

Once I start feeling like myself again I stand to compose myself.

"I think we should send the tiara to the lab, no matter what I would like to begin an investigation on an object which can distress the Alpha so much. Does anyone object? I don't want to leave it lying around." Janaína determined.

"I agree. Víctor do you mind taking care of that?" Bayoán asks.

"Definitely, once we make sure it's not the tiara we can cancel it out as the full source, yet I think it was the SIGHT of it that riled Izz up, I'll be back in a few, go on and start without me." And he left with that thing.

"Sorry Master Ximena, Master Isaura... We will allow you to finish with the Alpha, she's back to normal." Shomari holds the open door for them. The women came in again as if they saw nothing.

Janaína and Isla were fixing my train, but I could sense Janaína focused on my heartbeat and checking my adrenaline levels. She was also coaxing my serotonin to take over a bit more... She definitely is a skilled Beta! Then she let Ximena continue.

"Better Alpha?" I nod. And she nods back. "I will be at your other side opposite Phoebe, I will be cross checking with her that everything is 1000%, if you feel like you will get a panic attack like that again link me so that I can focus on your mood at once and contact the guys so they can channel through me, understand?" She explains her plan, she is crafty and meticulous, I definitely like her!

"I feel much better Beta and now more that you stand behind me, thank you." I look at her and put my hand on her shoulder and Isla wraps one arm around her waist and puts her hand on her other shoulder. "You're doing exceptionally well, thank you for accepting being my Beta." I feel that she's overwhelmed by what I said, her Alpha and Luna were showing support and gratitude, I could feel she was taken aback. Janaína is the first Beta female in Osupa history, so I'm not going to give Federico shit for not naming her over her brother... We might be a bit more empowering towards females in our pack but we also have a long way to go. However I could also feel that she was keeping her emotions in check, her main focus right now was to make sure my own emotions were in check as is her duty. If Víctor hadn't noticed it himself her talent would have been wasted.

"Yo Alpha! We are keeping your emotions in check, don't mess her's up or we have to take up her slack!" Shomari isn't very familiar with me, I even had him in the dungeons for almost a month in isolation and yet his informality and casual brazenness makes me smile and I give a silent chuckle. Bayoán just straight up laughed at that making me glare at him making him laugh harder.

"Git her Shomari! You both have to start learning to put her in her place when she looses it, otherwise we'll have a tyrant in our hands!" I see a faint smile on Janaína's lips and a beaming one on Shomari. They are achieving it! Four Betas working in harmony as one unit! I am very proud of them but show must go on, I will meet with all of them before Víctor's leave to congratulate them and verify the numbers on how in sync they are and what potential that could be unlocked by it. Either way I give my brother a death glare...

"Que pendejo eres!" I look back at him through the mirror to watch the end touches the Masters were working on, but despite my serious face he laughs harder with Shomari joining him and Isla and Janaína and even the Masters giggling. It's fine... I don't want MY pack on pins and needles from me, I want that sentiment for anyone from the outside who wishes to cross us. It's those who would harm my people I want to be deterred from even THINKING on making a move against us.

Either way my mood wasn't as it was before, but I was calm and even had a soothing feeling of serenity. They really were an outstanding team! I am definitely a very lucky Alpha to have them, making me sigh in relief. Janaína went to one of the couches joining the others and Bayo puts his arm around her shoulder and giving her a gentle shake like telling her: 'See? You're doing great.' And she pulled one of Shomari's dreads scolding him for his informality making him laugh again.

I hadn't noticed I had a beaming smile on my own face looking at them through the mirror. Isla comes closer to me... "Master Isaura, the Alpha needs a retouch for her make-up here." Isaura responds choking a little bit on her giggle.

"At once Luna!" And she takes a look at my face and goes to work while Isla takes a seat next to me holding my hand.

"I know you are proud of them mija, so am I. In our history never had we had such harmony, you can feel it throughout the Hive, I am so proud of you as well, and I know that the dead are too." This brings a chill down my spine. With all that has been going on I had no room in my mind to even remember those who are gone. I have been so focused in protecting those alive, increasing our numbers and defenses and taking revenge to vent my own rage and frustration of what happened that day that I had lost sight of underlying issue. We mourned our dead back in Blood Moon when the future was so uncertain, yet I just noticed that I had not decreed anything on it. Thousands of my people were dead and many more still lived in pain because of it.

She notices my lost expression, her eyes have always been sharp, for a Kappa small details are very important.

"We should have lunch tomorrow mija, we can have a little chat... What do you think?" She says as licks her thumb to fix some of my baby hairs in place with a serene face, making me feel like the little girl who still hadn't left for Avalon and she used to pamper along with Yadiel and Natalia. I grabbed her hand before she took it away and kissed it. Sometimes I get caught up in my passions and drive that I overlook important things.

"As my Luna commands." She gave me such a gentle smile. The last time her Alpha called her that was when Guarionex was alive... As a pack, following the hierarchy helps maintain balance and structure within the hive mind, I had made sure her place in it remained intact, however I myself always treated her like I did before... As a mother. I had forgotten that for her to garnish the strength to continue being Luna, especially after her own devastating loss it was also important for MYSELF to acknowledge her position not just in my own heart but within the tribe. Just me saying those simple words I felt like I had breathed a bright flame inside her. She closed her eyes for a few seconds and when she opened them I saw resolve and determination in her now sparkling eyes that thinking on it were a little dim before. How could I overlook this?! I thought I had everything in check!

"Alpha, enough... Don't dwell on what I know you are spinning your mind over. You're Cacique and Queen of The Osupa, not just an Alpha and you will be just 20 years old in a few days." We look at each other in the mirror and no more words are needed. Whatever happened to my mother and Tía Ayiti that prevented them from nursing us, I will forever be grateful that she asked Isla to do it and to Isla for accepting. And my heart swells as I imagine my mother looking out for me even if she's gone... 
###chapter 119: The Bigger Picture
###chapter 119: The Bigger Picture

Janaína POV

I don't think I have ever felt as achieved and respected as I do right now. Before going up the stairs to the platform where the simple wooden throne bench awaited the Alpha for the welcoming of the newcomers, the Lady Phoebe came up to me. I am Truth Seer, yet I know the Lady Phoebe was one, as well as a Reader, she is oozing a supportive aura. The newcomers were still being welcomed by the pack at the docks so there was still a little time to get ready and digest my place in this pack I have come to love in such a short time. 

"The first time it's overwhelming, but as long as you keep your link open to our Queen, the other Betas and myself you will be able to steady yourself and steady HER. Just remember that she's still a wolf and a strong Alpha at that... She will listen to you and listen your advice but you must make peace with those facts. Add to that the other fact that our Queen is a High Priestess of the Goddess. So don't be discouraged if she doesn't take your advice, it's not her dissing you, it's her following her intuition..." She went on with more advice and encouragement. For a moment I felt my heart swell up, I was so moved by this. I really hadn't had the opportunity to interact with the Lady Phoebe... I had heard of her power and seen it through the eyes of Bayoán and Víctor. I had heard that her mate Jacob was under intense training along with others to be a part of the Alpha Guard that was being organized by General Braka, but I had never spoken with her. I noticed that she had stopped talking. And she gave me a small smile.

"You'll be fine Janaína. When we are up there we work just as you're working with the other Betas... As a team. Believe me I know what your feeling, you may not have been fully appreciated by your pack... I was cast out from both sides of my family to become a slave and now we stand behind the strongest Alpha of the strongest pack on the planet." Gee thanks... No pressure! And she let out a laugh. Ugh! She's a Reader dummy!

"Don't kick yourself anymore, you're going to have to accept your position of power now and not shy away from it. You are where you stand by YOUR own strength and talent, understood?" She says putting a hand on my shoulder and I nod to her with a bit more confidence.

"Thank you My Lady!" And she gives a chuckle.

"It still feels strange to be acknowledged that way, how does it feel in your heart when they call you Beta?" I frown at this... I haven't contemplated it yet. Like REALLY though about it. The guys were so focused on making Shomari and I feel so welcomed and we went into synchronization training so fast that I haven't had a chance to reflect on any of that. 

But she did have a point, I am now officially one of the Betas of The Osupa. I had heard stories about them since I was little, but even a lot of people in my pack thought it was just legend and speculation. There were other packs in Brazil that had made contact with them so we were almost certain they were real, but our pack hadn't had any direct contact, so we weren't 100% sure. For us The Osupa we're shrouded in mystery and we really did not know what to think of them, they had always kept to themselves and their territory. Now that I'm here, I would have never imagined this place! To be honest I would not even have believed it if somebody had just told me even as a Truth Seer, my old pack was a backwards village compared to this! And yet to be honest we did have technology and we were fairly well off before the attacks from The Council, it was just like any other werewolf pack.

I look back at her and find why she is comparing our situation... We are very similar. We now carry power and a voice within the tribe that our previous ones dismissed. And I finally REALLY understand the underlying meaning of her wanting to know me before we received the newcomers; not only was it to encourage me and to put my mind at ease, she was conveying the immense responsibility of our position. Today our numbers would swell exponentially, as well as that responsibility. I had always been arrogant and carried a lot of anger and resentment. I sat on one of the benches at the back of the Court and Phoebe sat besides me and put one of her tiny hands on mine, I was aware she was reading me and I was ok with it, I feel her sincerity in making sure I do well.

"I'm glad you understand now Beta, we still have much to do. Those feelings you carry will subside with time, but here..." She says signaling with the hand she just had on mine at the magnificence of the room we are in. "... There is no room for them." I look at our surroundings and I remember the first time I was here and our pack and Luna Llena de la Sombra were welcomed. Just the walk from the docks to The Fort had all of us in awe and as the Beta's sister I was allowed to join the Entourage that would be greeted inside the Court instead of having to wait outside. I had never seen such a structure. I look at Phoebe... She's right!

"Thank you My Lady! I guess I needed to really hear it to grasp it fully. I am thankful to the Goddesses that you are with us and by the Alpha's side." Loiza is so different than Federico, she really doesn't care about your background, she's carefully chosen those who advice her to get the most effective results while creating a harmonious environment. When I spoke with my brother and father when I was packing my things to move to my new apartment in The Fort I could feel some resentment, and yet before leaving, João stopped me... "Jana, if they chose you I expect great things from you, Blessed Be!" I didn't respond to him, I just glared at him and left. Ugh! Jana that was childish! I just wanted to rub it in their faces that I was a BOSS, but they were trying to be supportive albeit resentfully. I sigh thinking about it. We are ALL still adapting to The Osupa mentality... The pack comes first. That includes pettiness and now that I am the one in the true position of power it's MY responsibility to set the example within not just my family, but every Osupa member of Única Lua. My head just drops.

"I will keep the secret that you almost let your head fall from the rest of your body Beta, yet I only request that it never happen again. Remember that your a Beta of The Osupa and that head must stand tall and firm." I lift my head looking at her serene face and give her a grave nod.

"You have my word My Lady... Thank you." She stands up slowly and I notice her stomach and the tiny bump and she grabs my chin rapidly but gently.

"Focus on NOW Beta, our Queen will know but I will not interrupt her focus. My beloved Jacob knows, and it's because it's his right and because I knew it would help him focus on his own training which has kept us apart, but you will have our leave requests at the time I determine. Daniella is also aware and monitoring me, we are doing fine. Damn now the Betas will know... I wanted to give you guys more time to not worry about that." I was a little puzzled at first, I am still new at being in such an intimate position with the Alpha. 

Then I realized she was referring to the daevas! Besides from the emotions I felt from the Alpha with that whole thing with the tiara, I really haven't felt fear from her since joining The Osupa, and now that I am Beta I can search through her emotions since Bayoán became her first Beta... I search both Bayoán's and Víctor's memory and not even when she was declaring war to The Council was she nervous or afraid, not even doing all she has done while pregnant was she really afraid... It was the daevas which truly scare her and Phoebe is the only one who can exorcise them from a person! 

And now I look at her as if I saw her for the first time. A fae/elf rejected by her clans who found a true family and has taken to heart that the pack comes first! She's thinking about the bigger picture... Just like Loiza. She's looking at me taking in my epiphany with a calm face, I notice her tattoo on her right forearm... That's where I got mine too, I know it was the trend to put it there but now that I understand what is REALLY happening here I am glad I did put it there. This is so beyond the stupid Council of Warewolves, The Council of Vampires, even the fae and elf Courts! I look at her and I imagine my eyes must be the size of saucers and she gives me a gentle smile.

"This is Gaia's will. Everything else is trivial and meaningless Beta Janaína, we are building a new Empire, we are joining the supernatural world under one rule. We are bringing balance and harmony to our world, we are trying to bring an end to the meaningless wars and animosity within the supernatural kingdoms. We are trying to bring the harmony of Avalon to everyone! The Great Mother and Selene have chosen our Queen and her mate to move forward on their will, however there is a greater force than these small trivial institutions that are hunting our Queen. I have my own theories, but I have to be very cautious with any name I speak, for it can bring unwanted attention to us. If it's hunting our Queen we cannot allow that, she is after all the driving force of this whole endeavor. I will make sure my pregnancy does not affect any protection for Her. Tell the other Betas we will meet in my office tomorrow afternoon, again I did not want any of you to lose focus... but me keeping it a secret for no from you is not effective either we always have to have another plan just in case. I have been working the incantation with Morgana, however it is not working, maybe it's her pregnancy. I am worried that if a gifted witch such as Morgana with the powerful blood of Morgaine Le Fay can't do it, it would be very difficult to find someone else who can. The Lady Ayana has been working on it too, and she is very powerful in her own right, beside her skill as a High Priestess... yet I still don't know if she could achieve it."

I am stunned! I feel my mouth dry. The other Betas know of The Alpha's fear of the daevas... But THIS! This is basically a direct order from---

"The very TOP!" Phoebe finishes my thoughts. "Why do you think that even Moira is a little kitty now when it comes to BOTH Loiza AND Kayden?" She finishes. And I search through Bayoán's memories to get a better understanding of The Grand Priestess of Avalon. Almost a goddess in her own right! Then I focus again on his memories of Alpha Kayden... he was actually PISSED that the Goddess dare mate Loiza, to someone like Kayden.

Being a Beta is complicated. You're true power lies with finessing the mind, being able to foresee even if you do not have psychic powers, you must assess the emotional and mental capability of the Alpha and have enough physical strength and power at the same time to override him or her if the order given is completely unreasonable or dangerous to the survival of the pack. It just made me remember the pack in India who cut the Alpha's tongue off... It must have taken a LOT to get to that point! They must be desperate! Because at the same time as a Beta, the sense of loyalty and devotion to your Alpha is almost impossible to fight. That's what keeps balance within the high leadership of a pack.

He took it personally... he even felt that Moira had something to do with it! But he saw she was unbiased. And yet as more time has gone by he has grown to respect Alpha Kayden and is even working together with Victor, which I already know about his past with the Alpha, to make sure that the mates return to be together. Both Loiza and Kayden are powerful Alphas, however Kayden never received the same training and education Loiza did, and yet now that he has been mated to her and decided not to put a Block and apparently is accessing her thoughts and memories to better himself, he's even the personal executioner to Gaia herself! He will more than likely match Loiza not long! I can feel my brows so knitted together that it's giving me a headache.

"Oh, your very good Beta! Are you excited to build a new world?" Phoebe asks. My lips slowly curl up.
###chapter 120: The Newcomers
Phoebe POV

Janaína told me the incident with the tiara earlier. I will go later to the lab to have my own inspection, I linked Ayana to meet me there, as fae we have been working overtime to perfect the contract and deal to be offered to them. And since we're both fae we work very efficiently since we know all the tricks of the trade, yet we are both young and in Faerie there can be hidden meanings to old coded laws and most fae are old enough to know every detail. Good thing I know every single one. We have been each other's rock in this endeavor and have grown very close, I understand why our Queen loves her, I am glad she's here today, she also knows about my pregnancy and besides keeping it quiet, she has also been performing the traditional rites and rituals of our people helping me focus those ancient powers to ensure they pass down to my daughter. But nobody knows the full truth of who I am... Yet they are already slowly awakening and as usual he is waking first

Before leaving for the extensive training of the soon Alpha Guard, Jacob made love to me for a week, claiming me every time, many times ensuring that emotional bond and feel that he is mine and I am his and that he loves the child inside me. My sweet wolf takes my breath away... He made love to me so many times and so many ways that just to think of me makes me blush and springs my smile to life! How cruel was my life before this, yet it was imperative for me to have this genetic coding to guide the Blessings I bestowed upon her even before he laid eyes on her...

Besides the whole problem with the tiara, which I knew she would hate, but we wanted to establish a FIRM Dynasty look... The Tongans, don't heed much to that, but Romanian wolves and those from Japan do take appearances more into account. Regardless she still looks majestic, the Navy Blue brings a strong, dominant look at the same time complimenting her skin tone, also it was always her color. Her arms are bare and suddenly I have a strange vision of her chiseled athletic arms with the same ribbon tattoos on the Lady Moira's arms. Those tattoos are for the protection from DEITIES looking to do harm, I guess it has come to this... Since the Lady Moira serves Selene she sometimes must do business with deities that are not fond of The Moon Goddess. I don't have the power of a Seer, so if I got this vision, it's from the TOP... Just like our Queen has her orders, I have mine. I link Ayana what I saw. As the newcomers enter the Court she gives me a questioning look, I give her a short glance and slight shrug and return to look forward and paying attention. 

'What do you think it means? Daevas aren't devine.' She asks. I have to pay attention but now my head is full... Shit!

'If I got that vision it's an order! The tattoos we're using are not enough... The Marks Selene and Gaia gave her are not enough either, daevas aren't devine, yet their Master might be!' Even I feel the alarm in my own mind and the moment the thought leaves it and reaches Ayana she starts to panic. Yet she composes herself quickly and helps me channel my own emotions to steady me... I might not be an Alpha with Betas, but I do have Ayana! I am so thankful to Gaia for granting me a fae friend... As fae folk we can manipulate each other's mood... That's how we entrap so many humans to our will and mischief... Ayana and I have been using it like the Betas use their power with the Queen, we read the other and project the emotion we feel the other needs. Fae folk are naturally selfish creatures, the whole 'pack' life goes in complete opposition to our own nature. So Ayana and I doing this would be considered taboo to our people, yet being able to join the Link of the pack it has help gide us to unlock our natural powers to a different level.

'Phoebs just focus on NOW! I got this... I'll link Bayo so he can contact Moira, I'll also contact every Priestess to get the full information on the tattoos. Breathe, calm your mind and focus now, our Queen needs you.' Blessed Be!

'I'm good, thank you!' I open my mind to her magic and I feel myself fully again in the NOW.

As the entourages from the three new packs enter I start feeling a little distress within the link.

'Do you feel that?' Loiza asks.

'I do.' And look at Shomari who is left of Janaína... Beads of sweat on his forehead, yet his face remains of stone. I look around the room... Others from all packs are in the same state, and I can't help but smile and laugh inwardly!

'My Queen, one of our new Betas as well as many people at Court have found their mates!' I feel her join me in laughing in our own Link.

'I was so uneasy before, but this is the Goddess's mercy!' I look as she simply stands up slowly showing her stature and grace and just lets the massive room fill with her laughter, especially when she saw the Alpha of Slujitorii Zaitei... Alpha Ogawa and his Beta, Alpha Palu of Mahina Katoa and her Beta and Alpha Albescu of Enpaiamun. It was a three for three with the Alphas and two Betas! The top leadership of all three packs was in our pocket! This IS the Goddess's mercy indeed! All of them trying to keep their composure but failing miserably because they had just found their mates and since we are in Karaya itself, just the thought of rejecting a mate could make someone sick even if their not Osupa. Then I notice that I'm feeling like before Ayana was helping me channel my emotions and look at her... She is blushing and can't take her eyes from Alpha Ogawa and I look at him and he is trying as hard as he can to look forward, yet he can't stop stealing glances at her!

"Forgive me all for my outburst! I had a very lengthy and formal welcome for you all and yet It seems to me that this was a match made in heaven and we are already family... What say all of you?" She doesn't even have to do any coaxing, they are all in that immediate spell of the mate Bond.

Alpha Ogawa seems to get a link from his Beta, she looks impatient too, gulping while not able to rip her eyes from Shomari and his aquamarine eyes almost glowing for her... Her hair is all white yet her eyes are black pools of ink, she must have an exceptional mutation... The Goddess must have a very special plan for their offspring!

"Hai! Slujitorii Zaitei is in agreement with what you say great Alpha! These matters were really already settled before we left Japan, I come to you today with gratitude and humility for your generosity. I am restful to submit to you and call you My Alpha." And as he steals another look at Ayana he and his entourage go to the floor and give a very low bow on their knees.

'Ekkk! He is super hot! Are you excited?' I link Ayana.

'Dude I am so sorry for leaving you hanging! I never expected it to be THIS strong and fuck yeah I'm excited! Look at him bowing, his butt is too cute! By the Goddesses, I feel like I am going to explode!' I can't help but smile and giggle inwardly.

'Did you see Shomari's face?! I am using all of my self control to stop myself from wiping his drool!' I see that she gazes him and then gives me a controlled smile trying to avoid from turning into straight up laughing.

'It is funny, but I must ask forgiveness right now my friend.' Huh?

'Why?' I can already feel her mischief.

'I did link Bayo your vision and he understands that you wouldn't get a vision like that for nothing. So since he understands the severity of the situation, I am going to leave it to him to deal with Moira and settle with her that Izzy gets those runes and incantations tattooed on her arms... What I'm saying is basically... I'm totally ditching you after this to explore that cute butt my mate has!' For a moment I almost did laugh out loud!

'Copy that! I think we can take a few days break from redacting the fae folk contract so that you can get your wits on high alert again, we are almost done anyway!' Now that she's found her mate she will definitely want to bring the most primal side of him to her will, that's why there's a fetish among the fae folk for warewolves. Despite how different we are, our sexual need is even higher! Hell, you can walk into any of the fae Courts and you could run into an orgy around the next corner, right in the open and if you wanted to join you are most welcome! When I was mated to Jacob at first I thought that he was sweet and we were both vulnerable from what we went through, I loved having him inside me and him showering me with his love. Koios was never this full of passion, good riddance! As I started to bring more of my own culture he was stunned in a very pleasant way... I told him the scoop of how it is in Faerie and it would rile him up until one night he fully released his wolf Anzu.

"I now what you are doing my little faery princess and don't worry, I have chatted with our sweet Jacob and his trauma is in check now." At first I didn't know what he meant until he shred the dress I had on, picked me up and placed on the table and feasted on me. I don't even know how he tied me up and hanged me fully open to him my legs tied open like I was kneeling... And even after HOURS and me BEGGING for mercy he didn't relent. I literally passed out! It didn't take long for me to regain consciousness and I was still in the same position I was basically a swing and he was sitting in front of me stroking himself with a grin.

"Jacob? Anzu? What are you doing?" I didn't care about the position I was in, I wanted him to fuck me again!

"I'm admiring your beautiful self my faery princess and I can't help but touch myself." I was annoyed.

"Well stop stroking yourself and get here and give me what's mine! I forbid you from ever touching yourself anymore! Do you hear me wolf?! That cock is mine ALONE!" As his grin widened and he stood up and started fucking me again without mercy, I was in heaven and just the thought of him touching himself and he himself taking what's mine filled me with the most lustful rage ever that when he felt it he let me loose, making me jump him. It was the most primal we had been with each other until that point. We don't hold anything back from each other anymore, we have been going easy since I got pregnant... It's harder for fae to have children since our lives are so long, Goddess knows that this might be the only child I have with my sweet wolf, so we both agreed to take it easy. That was another reason he chose this training, but he will be back a month before the birth, Daniella is still trying to figure out the due date... I'm already a hybrid myself! That night when we finally finished I noticed Jacob had put Anzu back a while back... It was all HIM! I realized that day how compatible fae folk and warewolves were and fell more in love with my wolf. Oh yes! Ayana is going to love her sex life now!

The other Alphas followed suit and submitted to Loiza, they were impatient to meet their mates and since most of the most important negotiations were already settled before they came here they just kneeled before her in submission. The Chalice to initiate them was brought and the ritual was completed. The second our Queen declared them Osupa they all skipped the pleasantries and head off to their mates. Loiza sat again on the wooden throne and took it all in while smiling. She called Janaína over.

J: "Yes Alpha?"

L: "Víctor is almost back from the lab, Shomari will have a 48 hour leave to settle with his mate and Bayoán linked that he has something urgent to attend to, make sure that it's reported to me the minute he returns. Make it very clear to both of the others not to disturb Shomari... Once the 48 hour leave for Shomari has ended, Víctor's will begin. Before that I need the three of you to work with OPIA for a plan for the best extraction for Chandrama kee Chhaaya, I just got a link from Director Gloria that they have accepted every term and every member passed every test and have been cleared." Loiza stood up and started descending the stairs to go and join the Luna in welcoming them all as is custom and we followed.

"Do they still have the Alpha in silver chains?!" Janaína asked.

"No..." Loiza answered with a hint of boredom over it. "... The Beta couldn't defend keeping him alive anymore and ended him." Janaína gasped at that.

"I know, it must be VERY bad over there for him to choose that path... It must be devastating to a Beta! And if it has come to that they need a very good plan to get out. Natalia is over there with Lola, Arasibo and Susana leading a team so there is SOLID backup inside, we need a SOLID plan based on STEALTH. They have been getting bombarded from the reports so they don't have the strength for a blaze of glory fight, if the Beta had to that then hope is almost dead to them. Tell Gloria to contact the head of the Saint Germaines she'll know what I want once you mention them." We see Víctor coming our way.

"Did they find anything?" She asked but already knew so she raised her hand. "Nevermind, I know there's nothing wrong with it, it's what I SAW... Anyway, Beta Janaína will fill you in, we have new members to welcome." She said taking my hand to join her and Luna Isla who is already working the crowd with her charm and gentle touch.

"As you command Cacique!" He bows solemnly, these are newcomers so we still want to keep a certain air of formality and Janaína takes cue from Víctor... She is definitely an exceptional Beta. They go to their office as my Queen wraps her arm at our elbows with mine and we go where the Luna is. She was always a sweet girl, it was cruel what that bastard did to her...

"Well Phoebs, the day started weird as fuck but this must be the smoothest welcome of new members so far and my mood is great again I really want a beer how about you?!" I'll tell her tomorrow about the vision and will hold Bayoán's report. I guess I'll let her have the rest of the day without any more worries, she deserves to enjoy what she's reaping for a while.
###chapter 121: Shomari's Heart 🌶️🌶️🌶️
Shomari's POV

I can't believe how exquisite she is and I never imagined this feeling of the Bond would be this strong, it took everything I had not to just go to her and take her. The second we were basically dismissed that's exactly what I did! I took to the platform and took her in my arms as she gave me a surprised yelp. I didn't want to be there, I wanted her to myself.

"Alright beautiful, just give me 54 seconds..." She gave me a confused look yet her smile made me reach my rooms in 52.

I place her on the floor to examine this exceptional creature before me... Fuck! I was trying to control myself but my body isn't obeying I have never been this hard and I could smell her own arousal driving mine to DESPERATE levels! But oh my Goddess she was a vision!

"My name is Shomari mate, and I know not, nor care what the Goddess was thinking when you were made but she truly became an artist that day." I had caressed her hair away from her ear to give my lips access to whisper in it and gave her a gentle kiss on it. I suddenly felt that her knees were getting weak and I wrapped my hands around her waist to steady her. I could smell the powerful Beta in her, yet I could smell she did have Alpha blood as well... Interesting.

"Shomari... By the Goddess! It's stronger than I thought...!" I understand what she means.

"It's alright beautiful, I am not going anywhere and believe me... Neither are you!" Yet it had the opposite effect making her knees fully buckle but I had her firmly in my arms... To be honest my own knees were not that steady. She was looking in my eyes and gently raked my face with her fingers while her own eyes were pitch black. At first glance she looks like she has the same mutation as The Spogels yet her almond eyes are so black I can barely tell any pupil dilation, I can't place my finger on it, however all I knew is that the Goddess must have been in a very good mood when she made her and she was MINE! Her blush invited me and I could already see how hard her nipples were.

"Shomari... I am your Hayami... I am yours! By the Goddess! Claim me I am in agony just in your arms... I n-need more." Hayami, MY Hayami... I just couldn't anymore, I crashed on her lips and commanded access inside. And she opened herself like a blooming blossom. Awe man! Now I know the Goddess loves me! Both our hearts are pumping hard and a mile a minute. She was taking off my tie desperately, I was still trying to contain Omen. Slowly I had already discarded her blouse and the simple skirt she had, so I kissed her forehead and lied her on my bed, I noticed how young she was. I unbutton my shirt never taking my eyes from hers. Ugh! This FUCKING thing is refusing to cooperate! It's a nice tailored Master Oscar is going to kill me! Oh well...

"Fuck it!" And I just shred it off, I just shred EVERYTHING off and I hear the chimes of giggles coming from her... Music! I was fully naked and took her from the bed, extended my claw and snapped her bra exposing two perky breasts, they were adorable! Small, yet big enough to have bounce. I caressed them tenderly and I feasted on her lips again until she gasped for breath.

"My mate is cruel... ONEGAISHIMASU my love! I feel I'm going crazy!" I chuckle and take one of her nipples in my mouth. Her hands on my face softly... She's so soft! I have one hand on her back pulling her chest to me and my other was now snaking it's way down to her honey pot. She's drenched! I have to taste her! I rip off her last garment and step back.

"Shomari! What are you doing?!" And my smile just grows at the cute little pout dancing on her lips and frustrated eyes. However I rise one finger asking her for a moment.

"One second my impatient beauty, I AM going to claim you shortly I just need to take you in... By the Goddess you're the meaning of perfection! Through the Bond I am already getting a bombing of her emotions. She became so silent to my plea and I noticed that she is now soaking up my own body with her eyes and suddenly she looks away much to my annoyance. Yeah I'm an albino but since moving here my confidence is sky high, we aren't fully mated so she's still hard to read, I go to her with gentle words. And take her perfect face in both my hands.

"Why do you look away Haya? You don't like me?" She looks at me with a shocked gaze.

"Bango! I love what I see, it's just... I have never seen a man like THIS..." She covers her face with both her hands. I let go of her face and take her hands away and I press my body against her. I'm around 6'3" and she must be about a head shorter, pretty tall for a female from her region. 

"Please don't be ashamed with me love... How old are you? I'm 23. There will be no secrets between us, you are my mate and I am also YOURS, do you understand baby? I BELONG to you to do as you wish, I am yours to command, I would live the rest of my life content even being your slave!" My hand was caressing her face yet my other one was at her soft pussy and already had one finger inside her while I spoke.

"Do you understand beautiful?" She nods while her eyes are dreamily looking into mine. She said yes so softly that if I wasn't wolf I wouldn't have heard her, so I played with that.

"What was that? I didn't catch that." Just when she was going to respond I kiss her lips again not giving her the chance and I put another finger inside her... By the Goddess, she's dripping in my hand. I don't know how much longer I can take enjoying her like this! I take my lips away and go to the place I want my Mark and give it a soft kiss.

"Sorry baby, I still didn't catch what you said... What was that?" And now I do look as deep as I can into her eyes and put my hand at her back again pulling her chest to my own making her gasp, her nipples are so hard it almost took me over the edge when I felt them on my own chest yet I intensified my glare on her. It WAS cruel what I was doing, I haven't been with many women and this is the first time a woman reacts so strongly to me. I was in agony myself, my dick and Omen were BEGGING me to cut the shit and take her, but I have never felt this desired and the more I am drowning in her eyes I realize that's she's feeling the same! How? She let out a whimper filling my heart.

"HAI! DAMN YOU TO HADES SHOMARI! YOU ARE FUCKING MINE!" Her eyes... Pools of black ink turn electric green and her pupils are like those of... SNAKES! This is definitely a surprise! Is she a hybrid? Either way I can't take it anymore, I embrace her tight and kiss her forehead again as I place her on the bed and part her legs and drink her dry!

"OH FUCK! SHOMARI! Please don't tease me anymore!" I suck her clit and her moans turn into screaming as her orgasm gushed out of her and splashed my face. Her scent of pomegranates and cherry blossoms invading every one of my senses, and I cannot hold on anymore. I started to enter her gently taking into consideration what she said earlier and then I felt it, I retracted, she was still recovering so I used that to place her and me in a position that would avoid as much discomfort to her as possible, I have to take my own size into consideration. I entered her again I showered her with kisses and I pushed through, she hissed a little but wrapped her arms around my back and I pushed into her again and again. I stopped the bullshit, I was just lost in her green snake eyes and I let Omen have a peak and I heard a little gasp from her. My eyes must be bright red right now. One of her hands now caressed my face, her thumb closed my eyes as she passed it over my lids but she took it away making my eyes open again.

"That's better! Now I ask you to never hide your magical eyes from me... You are so beautiful... You swear to never leave me right Shomari?" I was so moved, my heart felt like it would just blow up. What the fuck did I do to be rewarded this way?! A small tear escaped the corner of her eye... I immediately kissed it filling my mouth with her salt.

"My love I could never be able to." I pushed harder. "It would take Hades himself and still I would find my way to you!" Faster, her eyes close for a moment and her gaze intensifies. "I pledge my life to you, and only you can take it, if you wanted to pierce my heart with a silver dagger I would gladly allow you to do so, I'm at your mercy my love!" I just can't anymore and with a roar I spill myself inside her, I extend my canines and grab her neck, and I claim what is mine. And to my surprise she is still in her own orgasm with her very LONG fangs out and her green eyes glowing... The second I finish cleaning my Mark on her, she took a handful of my hair and her other hand a claw holding my shoulder... Fuck! She's way stronger than she looks and without warning she Marked my own neck... Everything went white. I was disoriented our feelings were filling each other up and I felt she was disoriented as well. I held tightly to her so that she could feel I was with her, that I had not left her. She did the same. We held each other like that for a while...

When we got our bearings I lifted her face to me with her chin. I didn't have any words, I just opened my feelings to her completely and she opened hers to me. 

She was Beta because she was their strongest Beta yet the only reason her pack 'tolerated' it was because the Alpha was her half brother. The previous Alpha, her father, windowed young and was given a second chance with a shifter. The pack didn't like it and she was really an outcast, considered cursed because of her appearance. She had just turned 18 not three months ago and even though she always put a strong face she was always breaking. Her father and mother were killed in the attacks, but since her brother and herself were the strongest, the pack accepted his rule without much of a problem whatsoever. Her however was another matter, but since her brother didn't take shit from them and asserted himself and his power over the pack, he named her his beta telling anyone in the pack that if they wished to challenge her they were free to do so. One did, and she shred him to pieces! No one else challenged her after that... It still did not take away the dislike of the pack and the words calling her an abomination. As I was reading all of this lying with her by my side as I played with her hair she was reading me. I refuse to have secrets from her... The Goddess gave me a masterpiece and they DARED call her an abomination?!

She felt my anger and looked at me, I closed my eyes... I was already feeling them misty. So she kissed my eyelids, I wrapped my arms around her. 

"Bango watashi no ai! We agreed not to hide from each other remember?" Even the pitch of her voice was perfect! I took a breath and opened my eyes... At that moment we understood each other fully.

"You will not leave me either Haya?" She tangled her body more with mine and nestled in my chest listening to my heart.

"Do you feel it?" She asked meaning my heart. I tucked her long, lustrous, pure white hair out of the way gently.

"Yes." She looked at me and smiled such a pure smile that made me frown in disbelief that such a small change of her face could have the power to dominate me with ease, I REALLY couldn't be away from her ever! She knows what I'm thinking, except for official pack business, every fiber of me will be open to her always.

"My heart is with yours... How can I ever leave my heart behind? You're MY Shomari and I will always protect you." I gave out a sigh.

"Are you trying to make me fall for you Hayamisan?" We both chuckle.

"Did it work?" She asks her smile still lingering. But my face became serious.

"Yeah, it worked the second I saw you... I love you Hayamisama... Anyone who disrespects, you, disrespects me. Trust me, you will NEVER be disrespected ever again. 
###chapter 122: Happy Birthday
Loiza's POV

I have a bad feeling...

Today is my 20th birthday, everything is quiet, too quiet. I don't care if I'm Alpha, Cacique, Queen, Priestess, Freak, etc. There's no way I'm having a party! When we were a little younger Suania used to say that I was completely insane for hating them... Dad always respected it and I know he made sure Mami didn't make a fuss. We did negotiate a cake and the wish... But singing? A party? No way! I only accepted my Quinceañera reluctantly because I still was barely talking.

The sad reality is Mami had prepared a surprise birthday party for me last year. She knew I was feeling unhappy, I didn't tell her it was because disappointment of when I turned 18 and not getting Víctor... Not even Casi... I walked out of it and didn't come back for two days. I know I hurt her but I was pissed, she KNOWS I hate these, how could she even think this would cheer me up?! I felt humiliated and I guess she did too, but we never talked about it. Like it never happened. I wish I could argue with her now...

We never celebrated our birthday in Avalon, we had a ceremony at midnight and a Blessing for the day and that was that. The only thing that I craved on my birthday was to just be with Cressy and Ayana and have an adventure, since it was my only request, Moira always approved it and all three of us were relieved of our chores and duties for the day. That's how we got our affinity for Unicorns! Neither of us could shift so it's not like we could run really wild, when I turned 6 we had already established our little pack, all the girls had their own little group. We all work together regardless but we still have our own more intimate circle. So that year we just went exploring the island of Avalon... It's big and not easy terrain, we were determined to find something of real fun. After hours of walking, climbing, running, scratches, tiredness and just frustration we decided to head back but Ayana kept looking East.

"Let's do that hill guys, if there's nothing we bail, ok?" We were already fed up but she looked so convinced about something and her hearing is way better than Cressy's and mine. So we thought she had a hunch. And boy was it worth it! There are unicorns all over Avalon, you might see one maybe two a week if you were lucky... But THIS! It was a field FULL of them, hundreds! We approached carefully not wanting to startle them, but we were female maids and they could tell we were children. They allowed us to climb on them and they indulged us and they ran wild! From that day the other two asked the same request for their birthday, so for three days every year we would ride unicorns on our birthday. Those were the happiest memories of my childhood.

We had our first official Council meeting today. The Betas except for Víctor who's on leave, General Braka, the Lady Yaya, Admiral Casimar, Lord Orwell, Luna Isla, Ex-Director Ayiti, Director Gloria, the Lady Phoebe and Elder Orocobix Guerrero-Real (he was my mother's mentor and she trusted his judgment, I knew we was reasonable and he had been mentor to other Alphas in the past, there is no way I was going to have Elder Guillermo who mentored Guarionex, he was always a backwards quack) I can already imagine his indignation... Made me smile.

"Are you listening Cacique?" Bayoán asks calmly but I know the pitch of his voice so well I could hear his annoyance. It made me smile more. The Council chamber behind the Throne room had the same design in a way from the latter so the acoustics were perfect. With the exception of me welcoming them they started yapping immediately throwing a thousand things at me! So I decided to stay silent until they decided to vent whatever they had.

"How could I not Beta?! The acoustics in these chambers are quite good and you're all speaking so loudly. I think everyone here has good hearing, so instead of chuckling like a ton of hens can you all give me items one by one so we can actually solve them? Seriously! Is this how business was conducted before with Alpha Guarionex? Because if that's the case we're lucky so many of us survived at all! So know your place Beta and put your shit together! Now, would you all like to try that again?" This is an Official meeting and as Dad's apprentice I know Bayo had attended these meetings before so he should know better. He also spoke with an inappropriate tone, in a place such as this and with the people present that was out of bounds. I may not have been Dad's apprentice with regards to this, but when I did go hunting with Mami she would give me the inner scoop... What for? Gossip? I don't know but since I do have the information I intend to use it.

'Very good, remember to exhale.' I heard Elder Orocobix, I didn't look his way but I exhaled slowly. I hate politics...

Regardless, I had just set the tone of how every meeting will be conducted.

"My Queen forgive us, let's start again. Did you read the report related to my vision?" Phoebe had not spoken. Neither she nor Orwell went on a rant. How fucking embarrassing the two non wolves are the ones with manners!

"Thank you My Lady. I did. I must admit this was quite disturbing, is this truly an order? Are the security measures in place not enough? And a deity? I don't remember offending any, I thought my Priestess Mark alone shielded me from those." I was actually thinking about getting something fun and non pack related since I was already all doodled up.

"Beta Bayoán spoke directly with the Lady Moira and she confirmed it." I nod and look at my brother with a look of: 'Watch your step asshole, I'm not your little sister here!' and I passed the sentiment though my link with the Betas so they don't forget their place. We can joke around outside, HERE I expect more. I felt their collective gulp.

"Beta Bayoán, what does the Lady Moira recommend? Does she have any theories on to why this vision occurred? And which deity is so offended by me?" You see bro? Civility. He looked like I just shook him and instead of the childish behavior he displayed earlier, I am giving him a pleasant smile and waiting patiently for him to get his bearings.

"Cacique, the Lady Moira is collecting information and has requested an audience with Selene. However she recommends taking the vision seriously and to indeed get the tattoos. We have the schematics and measurements needed as well as each and every single rune. I have both Oller Masters working on the stencils." I breathe deep, my arms are all marked up, why the fuck not?! But... I haven't offended any deity. Why?

"I guess there's no reason to discuss this item anymore then, tell the Masters to be ready by tomorrow, there is no reason for delaying this. If one of the Goddesses sent it, whether be as an order or as a warning we should always make heed. And if simple tattoos will bring security to our people and unwanted attention from whatever is out there it's a very small price. What is the next item?" Since shutting Bayo up, the others show hesitancy. Phoebe did perfectly, can't they take her cue?

"Since no one speaks I have something my Queen." Orwell interjects. Ugh! The non wolves are taking them to school. Was it really that kind of chaos with my Uncle? I refuse to believe my Dad would allow a meeting be conducted that way.

"Thank you My Lord, please speak your mind." As non wolves I wanted to make sure that the pack understood their place of respect and hierarchy, so I granted Phoebe and Orwell titles of Lord and Lady. He passed around two files to everyone. Upon inspection it's the witch coven Morgana spoke of in New Orleans and I glance at Bayo but he seems out of the loop, I verify the report.

"Lutherus, Roland, Gael, Mu Ten, Aurelia and myself have been watching the coven the Lady Morgana said reached out to move here. We have found no anomalies they're actually quite helpful to the supernatural world." This did pique my interest.

"How so My Lord?" He explained how they cast hiding spells for creatures so they can't be found by human hunters.

"They do practice some darker magic, they are Voodoo witches after all, they have worship for Selene but they also are allied to Yoruba deities." I inspect his report again.

"We hold high esteem towards the Yoruba deities and the prime Orishas in Karaya, there are still shrines for some around the island and even our own Beta Bayoán is a fervent follower of Changó even making it his code name. There's no conflict between Karaya Island and The Orishas, their worship is welcomed here. With that in mind what is yours and the other vampires opinion on welcoming this coven?" He looked thoughtful.

"I guess it makes it simple then, we were just concerned about their gods, especially because of the order issued by the Goddess for the tattoos. However you say that The Osupa also hold worship for The Orishas I guess then we found no foul play with their intentions, they are just as those looking for sanctuary." Then what would happen to their work?

"My Lord, I do have a question, why would a coven of witches dedicated to the worship of not only the Goddess but the Orishas, be looking for sanctuary? Did they offend anyone?" Silence.

"My Queen, you have been working at top stress. Maybe you haven't been informed?" I look at Gloria, what the fuck is going on?!

"Director, is there something you must tell me?" I look at Tía Ayiti and she's got no clue.

"Cacique, The Betas and OPIA are of the opinion---" Ugh!

"I didn't ask for an opinion, I asked for a fact. Cut the shit and spill it! That's an order!" All the time I'm actually looking at Bayoán and he lowers his gaze.

"The witches are at war Alpha." WHAT?! I am livid.

I stand up.

"I see no point in continuing this meeting. Clearly many of you are unprepared and undisciplined. We will meet again in three days, I want a full report on this conflict, the parties involved and how all this began. I already read the report on the India extraction and I didn't see the proposal from the Saint Germaines, I won't move forward without it. If anyone has a beef with the them I suggest that peace be made and that bullshit be done with, we are Osupa, the pack is ALWAYS first, I will not stand by pride and pettiness. Ex-Director I recommend that you help Director Gloria, your pupil, and explain that keeping such important matter from her Alpha is akin to treason. We can have 20 Betas... They don't have the authority of keeping information from their Alpha. I can accept and overlook many things, but the price for treason is death! I truly hope this dress rehearsal has made you all understand what I expect from you in the future. I am not Alpha Guarionex nor do I care how he conducted his Council in his time, I expect excellence from you, if you can't give it to me I will find someone who can. Lord Orwell we shall talk about this other file at that time is that ok?" I don't want to look at any of them.

"As you command my Queen." I need out.

"Alright, this meeting is now adjourned, we will reconvene in 3 days I hope everyone is better prepared by then. And fair warning, if I get so much as a sniff that anything said here leaves these chambers make sure to get your pack transfer paperwork, any chismoso will be banished! Again, I don't give a shit anymore on how my uncle ran this show, I'M the one running it NOW so focus on pleasing ME! Good day, I leave you to talk behind my back in peace!" I take my documents and exit without sparing them a single glance. They are going to have to understand that I can joke around and am Izzy every day, yet I have always been someone who takes my duties seriously and the circus displayed was a joke that I would not tolerate ever again.

I go to my office, I wasn't able to read Orwell's other report and want to see what it's about and link for coffee from the kitchen. As I start reading I can scent Elder Orocobix at the door, I raise my head with a smile.

"How may I help you Elder? Please sit, I just ordered coffee, would you like some?" He just gave a soft chuckle as he sat he crossed his legs and stared at me. Oooookaaaay.

"Elder?" His light brown eyes hone in to a picture of my mother.

"It should have been her... She would have silenced those 'chuckling hens' as you said a generation ago and you wouldn't have been dealing with this now." The bitterness in his voice is palpable. I put down the report and sigh.

"Elder we don't know how it would have played out either way and there's no point on thinking of it. It's on my head now and I will manage it as I see fit." He sits back on his chair with crossed arms, his own Alpha blood oozing calm and mature dominance, I imagine he must have been a very alluring man in his prime, just his own features and curly brown hair with salt and pepper trimmings gave him have that handsome mature professor look. Despite his age he is very handsome who takes care of himself and his body.

"I accept." What now?

"Elder?" He gives me a dashing grin.

"I will mentor you as I did your mother, retirement isn't to my taste anyhow. I have been watching you very closely since we were in Blood Moon and you sequestered all of the Elders under suspicion of treason. You weren't even Alpha then... That was a very bold move risking the anger of the Elders, we need more of that." I recline on my own chair.

"If I've been doing so well why do you consider I need a mentor at all? I don't think you would be able to comprehend the magnitude of the things I have been ordered to have done before one of my children takes my place. Elder I invited you to this meeting today strictly as a courtesy, everything I know about being an Alpha I know from my mother and since you helped train her hence the invitation. I guess I needed an unbiased opinion and you just gave it to me. So tell me again why is it I need you? As you can see I have enough advisors and they're all driving me crazy why would I add more salt to the wound?" His roaring laugh jolted me up, for fucks sake!

"You ARE your mother's daughter! Why would Director Gloria obey The Betas more specifically, your brother?" I'm so tired of this...

"My brother was going to be the next Beta of the tribe with previous military experience, while I was was just a Gamma Priestess with more experience in the field rather than High Command with a gentle title of Lady... I am not surprised that many people in this pack still see me that way, we always adhere mostly to the old ways and I'm very sure that the fact that my brother, who people had already accepted would be their Beta to lead, should have more authority. Is my theory far off?" He looked stunned. My gentle smile remaining after catching my bearings from his laugh.

He suddenly was giving a thoughtful frown.

"How are you analyzing as a Beta?" Ummm...

"When I was named Alpha I had no Beta, it took more than expected for Bayoán to step up so my own brain picked up the slack." I COULD always use an experienced Alpha to give me some insight... I could really use my mother, even Grandfather was gone. I was in Avalon when he passed.

"Does Dr. Daniella know about this?" Shit! I just noticed I said too much. No one can be MADE a Beta, you either are one or not, what I did is an anomaly and many wolves are very superstitious. Bayoán and just a few know but I never followed up with it. I stand up signaling the end of the conversation.

"Elder, thank you for your concern, but my health is in top shape, it was a pleasure speaking with you---" He stands up and starts walking out.

"No need for that Alpha, this old man won't pester you anymore today. I'll be back for the next meeting, after that you will tell me the whole puzzle, my job will be to make sure all your obstacles are clear I will accept your invitation for coffee then. Good day Cacique and Happy Birthday!" He just waved with his back to me! How did he know? Has it been made public? 
###chapter 123: The 411 on the Mirabals
Nina's POV

'Nina I need your help!' I couldn't help but smile.

'Well, well, the Mighty Alpha needs my help...'

There's been a lot of stress over the past days. With newcomers roaming around getting an understanding of Karaya life before starting new duties and training soon, this mission to get the pack from India, the indecisiveness of the other three packs that wanted to join, that weird fiasco with the tiara and the pups must be wreaking havoc within Izzy's mind. I have stress and I am not in position of power and responsibility she has and still Tony and I decided to skip our Heat. The Goddesses couldn't have given me a better mate! When I told him my plan for our Heat he was on board.

"Oui chèri, I want your wickedness just to myself a little longer." I have my responsibilities and he has his. Every Alpha born is going through excruciating training, as the packs strongest warriors they carried that weight. The Real, Reyes and Guerrero families are the main Alpha families on the island and the Reals were now gone through the male line, all that is left of it is my siblings and I. The Mirabal family is a Legacy Beta family and yet now we too belonged to the Alpha clans. However, the Guerrero family is the best at Alpha training, even more so than the Reyes. Since the Reyes family is so occupied with official affairs and the training of the new elite guards for Izzy, she asked the Guerrero family to train every Alpha born. They are BRUTAL as fuck and every day Tony comes home like it's his last.

Having a mate hasn't made me soft... Well only to him and he's sworn to secrecy! When he gets home and I see him like that I can't help but pamper him silly. I already have a massage table in the balcony, that's where I strip him and as much as he stinks I douse him in heavenly oils and massage every inch of him until I feel he has fully regenerated... He ALWAYS falls asleep! He looks adorable like that! Still I wake him for the hot bath I ran for him, and always he needs a minute to catch his bearings... I know the horror he has seen, I know it weighs heavy on him. So I usually sit with him letting him remember where he is, he finally accepted therapy and we make sure to go surfing and go for runs in the mountains as often as possible, his heart is so much lighter after our days just enjoying Karaya... Those are the days that primal fucking turns into sweet lovemaking that always ends up in the balcony with a bottle of wine and a good joint. Yet when he trains he doesn't complain... I have never heard him complain.

One night after we vented our day with each other and were just lying down I told him my concern...

"Mi amor, if you want to bitch about the training you know your cute French ass can bitch to me---" He covered my mouth.

"Shhh... The training is perfect, I feel my strength grow by the day..." And he wrapped his arms around me. "... I won't let anything happen to you mon bel amour. So there's nothing to complain about..." He became very silent, I felt he wanted silence. He has made friends and the French have been adapting really well. The racing alone has risen their popularity in the tribe. Yet my powerful Alpha wants silence and peace. And since both Izzy and Frey have given birth we have returned Circle night once a week, sometimes twice. I can feel how much he loves those moments, even if we miss Natalia... As much as I bitch about her, it's bullshit and we all know it, I fucking love that woman. Those in the circle really are those I love most and Frey is awesome! Sometimes I look at Izzy looking adoringly at Frey and I know how she's feeling. Family relationships can be either simple or complicated, I don't think there's room for grey area here. As one of six siblings, I KNOW the complicated side and each of our relationships to each other determine how close that bond is.

Everyone on this island knows that the Mirabal siblings Bayoán and Nina are not fond of each other. And it's true... To a point. I don't even mind outsiders giving him shit, I saw the bitterness between him and Kayden and I was Team Kayden all day. I never thought he really did anything to garnish such harsh bullshit from Bayo, I hate it when he does this! He reminds me of Dad's own shit... Dad... Sigh.

I always thought that my relationship with my siblings depended on their relationship with Dad... Maco, Bayo and Izzy were the closest to Dad yet, I could never hold a grudge to Maco. I'm the second born so in my memory there was a time that Maco was my ONLY sibling and he is so much like Mami... Hay Mami... I miss that woman so much some days that I don't want to get out of bed. Antoine can read it instantly and links the project managers of the city in the mountains that I'm working on, that I won't be coming in that day and to not to disturb me. Then he usually links Daniella to check if there's anyone available to speak with me that day, before leaving to train. I guess I can't complain, he pampers me too.

Bayoán is the third born, but he was born the Beta my father wanted desperately. He was by Dad's side 24/7 becoming just as arrogant as him, Goddess how I loathed when he would agree with Dad at the dinner table over anything, even if I agreed or not. He IS funny though, I will give him that! In that he was very different from Dad, and to be fair he did DISAGREE with Dad about me leaving the island! It's just that he had to stand by him because he was the heir apparent to the Beta position and he didn't want Dad to lose face or to demean that very important position within the pack. I understand his conundrum publicly, but privately he could have done much more and I think I'll always be pissed at him for it. I hate politics and unfortunately in our pack you must learn to manage them, the problem is I suck at it so I lash out. That's my superpower! I would be chewed up at home for the shit I did but just the fact that Beta Ayato had another scandal to deal with just would make my day!

After Bayoán comes Ura... My favorite brother even though I know I'm not his favorite sister! I guess that's just how relationships work! Ura has always been the quiet one, I'm talking about not talking for days! I remember Mom being very concerned, I mean the boy was Gamma born, his place in the pack was set as a Warrior. Yet when my mom saw that he achieved every single goal and excelled as a fighter, hunter and tracker she calmed down and just accepted him as he was. It didn't mean he was shy he just didn't care for interaction, which in a pack of werewolves is very rare. It's maybe why he was granted a Twin Soul mate. He doesn't have to speak with her! Their brain is in complete synchronization!

Then came Izzy... She was an adorable little sister! And mischievous, too! She was Gamma born just like Ura and Maco, another Warrior and just as she came we were told her destiny would be different and she was taken to Avalon. That was a confusing time for us... She was five years old! We had bonded... Were is she going? Why? We ourselves were children. And then she came back at 14 and she was a stranger. I could feel she could feel it too. I actually had a conversation with Bayoán during this time, since he was so close to Dad I wanted to know what Dad's plan was with regards to this. And he had no clue either, he too was pissed about it. She was worse than Ura! We even barely felt her in the link! And then we were really concerned because she was outside of the link for 9 years, I can't imagine my own mind in that kind of silent torture but she seemed to really like it. Seriously, for the first few months I thought I was living in the same house along a psychopath who had the ability to blow us the kingdom come! Suania was younger and she was afraid of her. To top it all off she had a title and we had to basically submit to her as if she was the Lady Yaya, even Mami!

About 2 months after she arrived, one night at the dinner table we were all just talking... at this point we had accepted her silence and the Lady Yaya had told us that she would recover and would be part of the pack, that we have to be patient. And then her link came alive...

'Please don't be afraid of me, I'm trying. I'm really trying... Can you guys please not bow to me, or call me those things? I know they make you do it, but can you at least not do it in the house? Please!' She broke down crying and Ura who always sat by her side cradled her in his arms. We were STUNNED! We were her family and we were ganging up on her treating her like a freak and outsider. In a way I think it made Dad feel like shit... The Mighty Beta of the Osupa didn't take into consideration that his own daughter might have feelings and might not be cool with US, into his masterful calculations... Pff!

I think that's why he always over compensated with Izzy... She wasn't a Beta and yet he was teaching her things that only Betas understand and she looked like she would catch up on it without a glitch. She was even able to pass Dad's stupid test with that dumb car! I wanted to light it on fire, I wonder where it is now? I hope it's so underground that I will never see it again. And even though she started talking and completely behaving like another annoying sibling I think I started disliking her because of her relationship with Dad too. That is until she definitely beat me at destroying Beta Ayato within the tribe! I still look at the video and it makes me laugh! It makes me want to go to her room and kiss her! That girl won my heart that day, I may bitch at her and give clap backs at her, but Izzy will always be my favorite sibling bar none! She literally liberated me that day! She had openly challenged Dad and he accepted her challenge and she defeated him fair and square albeit humiliatingly along WITH Bayoán. I don't think there is a member of the pack, let alone our family that has asserted themselves so strongly against such High Hierarchy within the tribe, especially at such a young age and come out that victorious... She was a Priestess, so she already had the tribes respect, but for anyone who thought of messing with her. She shut that shit up for good!

All I remember was that there was definitely so much to my little sister I didn't know and apparently it was worth my while to listen and since Ura was always with her he would tag along and Natalia was the one who invited us to the broken fort that's how The Circle was born! And then Izzy asked what we were smoking, and we laughed at her and told her it was weed, but she looked confused.

"Cannabis you mean? THIS is what think you're smoking?" I remember being so high that even I was confused.

"Yeah, cannabis... " We just looked at each other confused at this point. She just stood up saying that she would be right back. That girl came back with a grinder and the best weed I had ever smoked in my entire life grown by hers truly! Natalia gave birth to the circle, but Izzy made sure it was awesome!

Natalia and I have always been close, we're loud and obnoxious and we fucking love annoying everyone. Don't get me wrong, she is a BOSS negotiator when she is at work, Tía Ayiti did not waste any time with her talents. The point is she's fun to hang out with, when we're in The Circle Izzy and Ura learned to let loose! And the two siblings I met in that circle are awesome people that I love to hang out with!

Suania was the last, but to me she stuck always by Maco's side. She and I have always been okay, it's just that sometimes she gets too obnoxious and bossy, way more than me. Her studying the whole Izzy's pregnancy actually had me shocked! Maco and Suania have always kept to themselves and that's fine too in a sibling relationship I guess some are just closer than others.

Yet when all of this happened and there was no more mom and dad I guess it did bring us closer. I have even interacted civilly with Bayoán, I know that Izzy is also his favorite... It's the one thing we are 100% in tune with. I am in fact very invested in Izzy's plan for the future of our Island, I want her legacy to indeed be fruitful and be an important page in our history. Our people will survive this, just as we survived the times of Conquest. Last night Antoine told me he DID want to go through with the next Heat. We were still thinking about it, him just saying it and the determination in his eyes to protect us... How can I say no? We have already agreed that there will be no disappointments and it would be ride or die. I needed a relationship like this in my life. I go to the Shrines once a week in gratitude... Izzy needs Kayden here.

'I'm getting out of bed woman! Calm your tits!' I hear a pause. 'Izzy?'

'How did you know?!' What?

'Hades woman are you going through something?!' Another pause.

'Look get your ass over here! We're opening The Red Light District again today remember?! Even though Natalia isn't here I would like ONE FUCKING day to have fun before I start training again. So I declare A Circle Excursion!' Did she start already?

'Did you start without us, can Antoine have leave tomorrow?!' We were off today, but in Circle Excursion we go all out! "Babe wake up!"

'Deal! I still have to go the next day with him anyway, I'm going to be training with the other Alphas. Should be fun!' Yeah it's always fun for HER! I'm a Kappa our training is different my duty to the pack lies elsewhere.

'Fine, we're on our way!' We haven't had A Circle Excursion in a while. Now she's going through with this training and I already heard that after the Lady Magdalena's Heat, the Priestesses go back to training, again. Only two Priestess came this time, the one from Japan was younger than Izzy and not as strong, that was a harsh video on the news that day. The Priestess helped hold of the attacks while they reached the boats. What witnesses saw... What our people saw... And the reports! Antoine usually leaves the room but he understands that I'm trying to mentally prepare for the worse. Unlike the others, I never served under OPIA, I never went on the field as a spy, Warrior, bodyguard, diplomat... The times I have left Karaya was study and leisure.

"C'mon Alpha, you need some fun and we are leveling you up!" He gives me a lazy smile. He pulls me to him making me fall on his chest.

"Mmm, what mischief are you up to mon bel amour?" As if!

"No mi amor, this is all your Alpha." He raises his eye brow... He so hot!
###chapter 124: Ura's Vent
Loiza's POV

After that joke of a Council meeting earlier I came to the conclusion that I needed that carefree feeling on my birthday from Avalon. In reality, Cressy and Ayana were my first Circle. Cannabis is grown, harvested and dried in Avalon and is treated just like any other crop. Everyone in Avalon is a supernatural being with rapid regeneration, so killing a few neurons isn't a problem at a very tender age, we start smoking and eating it usually at 7 to help our mind and soul merge to better commune with the Goddess. It helped with our focus since the weed helped channel our emotions. We also grow peyote, tabaco and very specific mushrooms for this purpose. We are Priestesses after all and for our respective tribes we are their spiritual guides, we are their witches and shamans. So when we had our first Circle here I was confused as to what we were smoking, I was even concerned for a moment it was tabaco, I didn't like it, with the exception of a cigar here and there. But the taste was off.

When they insisted it was cannabis I felt terrible for them! That was the worst weed I had ever had! My Temple wasn't far from the broken Sentinel fort, so I just stripped and shifted to run over and get my own brew and shared it with them. I remember that before mating with Kayden, we were having a Circle and Cressy couldn't handle it... Nina says she took it from me room, but I didn't grow it, I had confiscated it because it was sub par weed, it's fine for us and Ayana, but Cressy's physiology is different and anything less than perfect can get her out of whack.

"Izzy we beg for mercy and forgiveness! No wonder you were confused... And here we were making jackasses out of ourselves laughing at you! You definitely get this round cousin we won't doubt you again!" I miss Talia. Of all the things discussed today the fact that my order to contact the Saint Germaines was dismissed is what really angered me. Time is ticking and my cousins are there! I love Lola and Umbros and when we were in London, I was glad Lola was there. As a Gamma herself who was trained with Ura I always felt at ease in any mission with her. Umbros is a fine fighter and an exceptional Truth Seer, however... the man can't fly or drive anything for shit! Well, to be fair, not to OUR standards. It's like he's HUMAN when it comes to that, but he's a good sport when we tease him and he is pretty good with his own clap backs. He IS after all brother to Talia and Lola and their own tongues were sharpened blades! But Talia is a circle member and our loyalty to The Circle was absolute.

I put on some jeans, a t-shirt and riding boots... There may not be unicorns here but who knows what the day will bring and we do have horses. But I did want to pay a visit to The Red Light District to check out the renovations and what shows would be up. I also needed Nina's help... Freya was a lone rogue before with limited exposure to frivolous things, but Nina isn't. She's a shameless nympho with ample experience, she should be able to help me pick up some stimulating toys. My lust grows by the day! I was verifying Alpha physiology more closely since my own has completely changed into one, and that increasing lust will only keep growing. After the extraction of India I have to start getting the pack ready for the first assembly I have been planning for, I really NEED Kayden. And it just reminded me of the fiasco earlier this morning and how pissed I am at my brother! As I'm thinking about this I brush out my Queens braid and opt for the regular French fish braid that always made me feel comfortable... Damn my hair is growing really fast, it's almost to my waist.

"Great! You're ready! You look beautiful!" Ura KNOWS what day it is, but he knows me the best of all my siblings and knows my disdain for the celebration... At least for myself. I throw my arms around his neck and kiss both his cheeks before repeating that on Freya. As Twin Souls I guess she knows everything too. I'm ok with it, she and Tony have become official Circle members and surprisingly they integrated effortlessly, making me wonder how Kayden would fair in The Circle, would he even like partaking in it?

"Yeah, I had to change and just finished my hair." I can tell Frey is exited, it's her first Circle Excursion and I'm sure she's seen how they are in Ura's memory. Last time we hijacked a cloaked plane and landed outside NYC to watch Chappelle at Madison Square Garden. We shopped before and we went to The MoMa to see the new exhibits. Nina always insisted on visiting at least one museum every time we would go... She's a Kappa and it makes sense she would want that, as she would give us her point of view on the pieces we would be enraptured by her explanation and story telling of the piece as we would look at it through her eyes. I learned a lot about my own taste in art and my own aesthetic thanks to my sister, because of her guidance in art, I acquired my own taste in the visual arts, music, even fashion. When we went to London to declare war on The Council, Ximena had several choices for me... It was Nina who reminded me that Kayden would be there and asked me how I would like for him to see me for the first time in so long and then she gazed at the white ensemble, there were three choices red, white or black... Before Nina's comment I was going to go for black.

"Everyone is going to be dressed in black Izzy! Are you going to allow the Lady Moira to be the one who steals your spotlight?" I thought that was a sensible observation and then I thought to go for red... After all if it became violent, the blood would be hidden, or at least not look so obvious. But Nina put her foot down.

"No! The red is obvious, and it makes you look like you are fearful of violence breaking loose! So WHAT if there's blood?! You will show them that you don't care, isn't it how it works in your little individualistic mind? If push comes to shove, show them that you're willing to go in white, that's why Moira uses white too! It proves your confidence in your own skills that you will be unscathed and Kayden's eyes will be on YOU!" I couldn't argue with her logic either making me smile at the thought of him seeing me and the choice was made.

"Heeey! Circle Excursioooon! Last time was New York right?!" Nina and Tony finally arrived... Nina always had to have her makeup perfectly done. I hugged and kissed them both. Antoine has become the other brother I needed and he has been giving me pointers on being a better Alpha, he has already told me how the training is with the Guerrero family, he wasn't used to Osupa training... EVERY training for combat is intense and to be frank, that's the way I like it otherwise I get bored. Training in Avalon is even more excruciating than here and it helps to become extremely disciplined. There is no space in Avalon for mistakes, one careless move could destroy it! Priestesses are not just spiritual guides, we are trained to be weapons, and the harder the training the more dangerous that weapon becomes. So I'm not really worried for the Alpha training, it's the Prime Priestess training that has me worried, my mind will have to become a sheet of ice calm, cold and still.

"Ok so you want to stop first at the Red Light District, I think that's a grand idea! But why do you need my help?" Oh boy.

"C'mon I'll tell on our way but first The Circle must enter the spiritual realm!" I hand each a piece of caramel. Antoine is confused.

"Papi it's weed... It's just that it's edible, it'll take time to kick in but the high will last for hours!" His smile grows as he pops it in his mouth. Fatima and Roxana have been perfecting and experimenting on making edibles, I think they are already better than Domingo's but I don't dare say anything. Once he declares his pupils Masters I would be open to sponsor an edibles shop should they want to, but out of respect I can only voice it when they become Masters, otherwise it would be very rude and could cause conflict and I care and respect Domingo and Berto to much for that. They could have opened the best restaurant in Karaya, and yet they have always stayed serving The Fort.

Once in the car we tell the driver where to go, Hernán is an amazing driver and I understand why he left being on the field, must be hard for a Delta to have such a simple life. He and his mate Johanna are VERY fertile, every Heat has been successful, they already have 8 children and she's pregnant again! Serving and living in The Fort gives them a lot services and security and Johanna is a Master teacher. She's the one who is already prepping a proper curriculum for my pups and every child who lives at The Fort, but being an Osupa teacher is not simple. She has to take the Greek coding into account to best stimulate the childs mind. Her own father was my first Master when I was three... Master Yaureibo was another casualty of Mt. Cemí.

"Hernán, how are you guys doing?" He smiles at me through the rearview mirror.

"We are doing great Cacique! Johanna is exited to have her first meeting with the future Alpha, it will be her first time teaching one!" That's true! There's been no Alpha births in The Fort since Yadiel, my pups are the first in 20 years.

"I want you both to remember that anything you need I am also here to serve you, understood?" An Alpha may lead the pack but is also officially everyone's servant.

"Thank you Cacique, understood!" Ura puts his arm around my and Freya's shoulders and kisses my temple.

U: 'Have I told you lately how proud of you I am?'

F: 'Me too, me too!'

L: 'Guys no cheesy bullshit today PLEASE!'

N: 'Why are we in The Circle link?'

U: 'I am linking? Damn Izzy this is good stuff! Sorry Nina it's just this is how Izzy and I are most used to talking around people.'

N: 'Seriously? You two were always the weird ones!'

L: 'Oh fuck off! Besides, why talk when you and Talia never stop?! If it wasn't for Ura's patience with me I probably would have never joined the Link!'

N: 'What do you mean?' I look at Ura. Sigh...

L: 'I don't want to talk about that now, and since we're in the link better because I need a favor and I want it to stay in The Circle.'

N: 'Fine, spill it!'

L: 'Which shop has the best toys?' Ura slowly takes his arm off my shoulder and Freya and Tony bursts out laughing at Ura's weirded out face. Then Nina and I saw it and couldn't contain ourselves!

A: 'Dude you should see your face, does this car have a camera? I want a copy of the recording if it does!'

U: 'Tony don't even brother! I wouldn't have been freaked out if it was YOUR mate! I'm suuuure she's shown you PROUDLY the shit she's done, but try being a bystander to THAT! It was torture to have your family in scandal after scandal! As you have seen we aren't a standard pack, gossip escalates here. It was hard on all of us...' He gives Nina a cold glare and she looks to the side with her nose held high. '... Izzy and I are chatty in The Circle, but back then... the reason Izzy and I are so close is because of silence! Every day everyone would try to make me join in conversation, it would really aggravate me and then Izz came back and she was even quieter than me! She never pestered me, everytime we crossed paths at home she would just smile and nod, and it would piss me off when even AT HOME people would be suspicious of OUR SISTER! Why? Because she's quiet? So what?! I was quiet too, was I also an outsider? And then she struck my heart with an arrow... that's why I never can stop loving Izzy. So yeah the question was something that freaked me out because we have never spoken about that between us, I have never asked her of the things I heard when we were missions with Víctor, I'm not an idiot I know something happened and it was very intimate but I never said anything. We have always respected our space and our intimacy and just like when she came from Avalon she has never pestered me to give up any information about myself that I don't want to share. So yeah it wouldn't bother me from your mate because even though she says we're the weird ones... Seriously Nina WE'RE the weird ones?! You were grounded and you couldn't do shit about it so you went out and did whatever you wanted to stab Dad but didn't think it would affect ALL of us! It was so selfish of you! The only reason there's a circle to begin with is because of Izzy! If she hadn't actually had the strong pair of cojones to actually face Dad, your first and only trip out of this island would be to Blood Moon! And if she hadn't done that you would still hate her guts just because she got along well with dad! And then when Natalia invited us to The sentinel Fort you and her started making fun of Izz just because she was asking what we were smoking! I understood why she was asking because I had already smoked with her beforehand at her Temple. If you wouldn't have been so focused in your anger with Dad you would have noticed you had an awesome sister regardless of her relationship with our father. That was all on you! So no, if you think in your little mind that the circle started because you and Natalia were all cool and shit you're totally wrong! Actually Izzy's first circle was with Cressy and Ayana! Izzy was a BOSS when you were still doing watercolors! Seriously Nina, what is your goddamn anger with Dad? Did he rape you? Did he abuse you? Did something happen that we don't know about? I'm not kidding! Is this just about not getting all of his attention because you were a Kappa? Dad was Beta to the largest pack on the planet and here you were lighting fires left and right because Nina couldn't go see the FUCKING MONA LISA! ---- Whoa this edible is AMAZING! I have been wanting to get all shit of my chest for YEARS! I feel so light night now!'

What. The. Fuck... I just wanted a carefree day!
###chapter 125: Burry the Hatchet
###chapter 125: Burry the Hatchet

Loiza's POV

Nina is ugly crying right now her makeup is an absolute mess. Antoine is trying his best to console her. Ura is smiling with his arm around me again, Freya is smiling too, proud of her man for giving Nina the shamming of her LIFE! And I'm covering my face with one of my hands while reclining on Ura. I was STUNNED! It must be hard for her... I am almost sure he's her favorite. And URA! I thought I knew him from top to bottom...  I didn't know he carried all this resentment! We always confided in each other about the stupid shit our family members would do, but THIS...

"Hernán drop us off at Clemente's please!" I just wanted some fucking fun! 

"As you say Cacique!" Beer is best right now.

None of us are talking as we get out and find a soundproof bench outside. On my LIFE we will have a civil conversation! This could break The Circle! 

"Five light ales please!" I order.

"At once Alpha!" I prefer to wait for the beers. Let everyone to take a breather. I already hate this edible! We get our drinks and yeah we ALL needed the drink!

"Okay... That was A LOT! Nina sweetie, do you need to go to the bathroom? Water for your face? Do you want to go back home?" Sigh...

"No I'm fine just... Give me a moment." She says solemnly looking at herself in her high end compact mirror. She's always liked VERY nice things. Now that I'm Alpha I understand it, I have come to enjoy the comforts that come with the burden... These boots are high end crafted by Masters, I would have never had boots this comfortable before! I would never been able to JUST have them in my previous place in the pack and I hated asking Dad... She would ask Maco for money all the time... I guess I have my own resentments too... 

"Ok, Ura... Is there anything else you you would like to just let go?" I'm looking at him pleadingly.

"No that was pretty much the bulk of it!" He took one sip and crossed his arms. Ura has NEVER spoken this much and given his direct thoughts to Nina, or ANYONE for that matter... Not even me! Did he seriously have to pick today?! I felt like I was sober again! Thank the Goddess I had extras! I looked at Freya and she had Ura's same stance... She was his Twin Soul after all and she must be feeling exactly as he is with the memories just as alive as he is feeling them right now. So of course she will take a stance by her man! And right now I'm so glad Natalia is not here...

"Ok... Does anyone have anything to say? Nina, Ura just poured years of pent up shit. We all have it and you know it! You're a thought bitch so cut the bullshit, he gave his piece, do you have anything to say? This is The Circle damn it! This can't break The Circle, I think we can all agree that the people in The Circle are the ones we love most... Right?! Ura? Nina?" Nina raises her eyes to him and drops them again.

N: "Yes..."

U: Sigh... "Yeah."

"Good... Good!" I say gently... I know this is a disaster.

"Look, this is not a bad thing. It's actually GOOD!" I'm going to have to be very creative here. Both of them can smell bullshit a mile away! And right there they look at me like I've just lost my mind... Damnit! I look at Antoine with pleading eyes, I know it won't work with Freya she's basically Ura. He's nodding at me as a sign that she's really calmed down. I pointed out the beer so that she can take another sip, if I have to get her drunk as a skunk by the Goddesses I will! I WILL have my fun day if it's the last thing I do! I think the stupidity of the meeting this morning gave me a new life of determination to cut loose. Oh well here we go...

"Guys... I NEVER use this card and you both know that under normal circumstances I would NEVER use---" Ura stands in attention and Nina gasps.

"OH SHIT! IZZ... IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY!" Ura smacks his face, Freya smirks and glares at Nina, Antoine drops his head in shame. It all happened so coordinated that it looked scripted! I found it HYSTERICAL and I burst out laughing and crying at the same time. The tears were of everything but mostly the laughing, and Freya buckled... Antoine can't contain himself anymore and he just started laughing too but the time his own laughing tears were coming out Nina and Ura were looking at each other smiling fighting as hard as anything to hold it in! It didn't work... Nina is Nina and she's easily contagious of laughter! It's why she's always with Talia and I think is the only thing she appreciates from Bayoán... His sense of humor. And Ura is naturally easy going and laid back... That's why he's my favorite and I love him to death, started laughing hysterically as well! I really needed that laugh. I took a deep breath and chugged my beer down.

"Did you you guys coordinate that?! The Kappa here is Nina!" I called the boy that was serving us so that he can put the order in my tab

"I'm sorry..." Nina finally gives in. Well no shit!

"Seriously Ura, Izzy... Ura you're right!" Tony is holding tightly to her by the shoulder encouraging her to just let it out. He's been really good for her. I'm so happy to call him brother and comrade his advice has come into play in many of my decisions. He is my unofficial counselor and I'm pretty sure that behind closed doors he gives her a piece of his mind. She has changed a lot since being with him and I will always be grateful to him for it I feel like I have a better sister because of him.

"I'm really sorry, I didn't think of any of you. You're absolutely right to feel everything you have been feeling. Izzy I'm sorry to you too... I was unfair to you back then and didn't man up to it. Look, there is really more I need to discuss with all of you, we got to clean this out. But Izzy has used her trump card and she has earned every bit of it, so what do you say brother can we call it a day and talk about this later you and me? We can do it in The Circle whichever way you want I swear I won't be a bitch about it! Izzy's right we can't break The Circle over something like this and I know it's my fault and I take responsibility. And we will also talk it over when Talia gets home, because she will be home safe, and we both did mistakes and I guess she also has to step up to hers and I know her well enough to know she will. Are you okay with that brother?" Ura stands up and goes to hug her ang grabs my hand to join him. 

This is how the pack survives... 

"Ok, Nina is your YSL in place can we go now?!" I get more caramel from my pocket and pass it around and we all take another.

"I'll have you know that this shade is from a local bra--" I mess us her lipstick.

"Oh shut up! Lead the way thou horniness! Toys remember?! Ura I'm not a Gamma anymore and my mate isn't here. Lucky you that gets to pound YOURS every night but I don't even have that luxury. So quit your own bullshit! You're a grown man with a child! So stop! And thank you for always standing up for me I'm so lucky you're my big brother!" And he leaves Freya behind a bit and puts his arm around me as he has done countless times in the past. The storm has pass, The Circle remains... We can't have cracks HERE, The Circle is my shelter! It's the ONLY place I can be MYSELF. 

It was the same with Víctor, I could always be me and say ANYTHING, even horrible things and I knew he would be loyal with my secrets... But he was something else. I guess there will always be love in my heart for him, I can't wait until HE gets the report from the other Betas of what happened today. I'm not angry at Janaína or Shomari, they are new to our ways and it's the first time they are in a position of power. I know Víctor will target Bayoán for his stupidity and chastise him himself. Probably worse than me!

As I keep walking in Ura's warmth I look at my sister being held by her mate giving her comfort, I need my mate... I have allowed for EVERYTHING of me to be open to him except for the secrets that I can't share. He will be able to see what's happening now, it should be Kayden and not Antoine advising me. I know he's getting stronger and is growing very aware... Through what little I can feel through the Bond it feels like he's discovered something VERY important. I put it back in my mind.

I have to make things good with Casimar too. Regardless he is my Admiral now, He didn't even look at me today... And I remember being naked in his arms and him kissing me with so much love and longing. He was never as bold as Víctor even though he himself is an Alpha. I could feel his anger this morning, he was so angry to be there... He needs MASSIVE up grades for two of his ships. His report was the first I read last night as I prepared for today, thinking about it, he stayed silent too. After reading his report last night I had contacted the techs to work on it at once... Yet he was angry. 

I'm done, enough! My brain is in overload! We reached the first stop... Thank the Goddess!
###chapter 126: The Circle Excursion
Antoine's POV

I'm so glad I'm an only child! I knew my beautiful mate was a Hellraiser before, yet I can feel how devastated she feels of actually having to hear it from those she loves the most that she WAS bringing hell to them. It's so hard as a mate to feel that pain from her, her regret, I can just be there for her... This is not an attack from the outside, this is something she caused herself and I don't intend to lash out to my Alpha and now family for her. I will give her anything she needs and wants from me but she's going to have to fess up to this and I'm already feeling in our Bond that she realizes this... Much to my relief! Nina is selfish, superficial, she is even cruel at times. But it's mostly just the farce... She is what the Chinese call a paper tiger.

After being mated with her these past months, I understand why I was paired with her. She and I were exactly the same, I was VERY selfish too. I was extremely careless with my pack... I was focused on my lust that I almost cost the lives of thousands. What the hell was I thinking? When Natalie came with her proposal I gave thanks to the Goddess for her mercy and then Mt. Cemí blew and our pact was up in the air. Cesar had his own problems in Sardinia, damn those connards in The Council! Even if I did cause a rift --- merde... I really have no excuse!

When the deal was again approved by the new Alpha, a girl of 19 we were shocked that The Mighty Osupa accepted such a young girl to lead them. For a moment Cesar and I thought of backing out and doing a last stand in Sardinia. But Natalie told us we were LUCKY, and better off with Loiza as Alpha than Gúarionex! Cesar and I thought she was mad! Besides, Loiza would still have to deal with the chaos that The Osupa were going through. Natalie, Lola and Umbros were my guests those months, yet even with everything their own people were going through none of them seemed worried. They were devastated about what happened and I do know that they were basically mourning Ayiti who they thought had perished, and yet when there was an attack they stood by us as our BEST Warriors, I would sometimes not believe what I was seeing! When Cesar and I decided that I would trek to Sardinia I called Natalie to my office... I used to have an office! Ha! Good riddance!

"Natalie, I am moving the pack to Sardinia. I think you should worry about your own pack ---" She started laughing.

"Why would I worry about my pack?! We are Osupa, we have survived worse and now that Loiza is Cacique we will soon be on the rise! My mission is HERE, you're pack is at risk and if Sardinia is where you want to go then we will be your escorts! We will keep you safe! I know my cousin, the Goddess herself has crowned her not just Alpha but Cacique of our people, she is a very powerful Priestess of the Goddess who fought against the mountain, she fought against two OSUPA Betas in fair combat without her elemental powers and handed their asses to them! Her veins flows with Alpha blood, her mother was even more powerful than Gúarionex. Our pack is in EXCELLENT hands, I'm worried about YOU guys!" I was STUNNED of how SURE she was and how much faith she had on this girl. She showed me this combat with TWO Betas... And she was younger then. I don't know if it was the fact that they were so sure, and then we found out that they had regained their territory again so easily which changed Caesar's and my mind. Last time we spoke when we had breakfast before training, we both were extremely happy we took the deal!

"Ok, we're HERE! Are you ready?!" My mischievous mate! How did I live before her? I notice when she goes to the shrines to give thanks, I wonder if she notices when I go.

"By the Goddess Nina it's just a fucking sex toy shop not a weekend in Vegas! Tony man you're going to going to have to give it to her harder if she's this excited over with some toys!" The girl that I was so doubtful of... What an imbecile. Instead of surviving everyday my people are thriving under her rule... She asks for my counsel sometimes and yet, every single time she makes it look so EASY, even though as part of The Circle I know how doubtful she is of herself... It puts me to shame sometimes, I was doubting her and she is the one who has proven to be a TRUE Alpha... Sigh... I'm afraid she's going to kick my ass in training. I hope she goes easy on me...

"Well you sure can be ungrateful! Mi amor give me a minute... Izz, Frey this is my favorite section over here! I'm so glad that they put everything as it was!" The girls went ahead, it's a pretty big store, I go with Ura to check out the oils. The Osupa Masters are no joke with their creations, the best part of my day is when my little Hellraiser kisses me before stripping me and drenches me in oils to speed my regeneration.

"Sorry you had to see that man, that's actually my bad, too. Izzy has been telling me for years to speak my mind, even if it's a little but I never did and she's not the type to nag every chance she gets. I blew up... It'll be fine and Izzy is not one to hold grudges... I already unpacked almost everything." He passed his hand down his face trying to wipe off his stress. Meeting my mate is forever going to be the best day of my life... Getting a family, living in this peaceful paradise, their training... It was a jackpot bonus! But when Nina told me about The Circle and I saw through her eyes what it was I didn't know if I was able to be that intimate with her family... she basically ordered me to go the first time! Ha! Ma Déesse, never has a woman dared ordered me around and this Kappa does what she wants with me!

'Antoine Beaumont as your fucking mate I ORDER you to come with me or Goddess help me you can get your damn ass back to France and sit on the fucking Eiffel Tower!' She has such a way with words... I know she didn't mean it, but she did spit enough venom to make me cautious, I am very well aware of how unpredictable she can be, Goddess knows how she could pay me back and I didn't really want to find out. I'm glad she did though. I know that what happened today was something that Ura and even Izzy really needed, and I can imagine how as his Twin Soul even Freya must have felt.

"Ura don't be sorry, I actually agree with Izzy, this is a good thing, you have vented and Nina has taken responsibility, and believe me... She feels like shit and she knows this is on HER. I know you love all your sisters, I know Nina is special to you, but I know that you and Izzy share the most intimate bond between the lot of you. It's a good first step for you guys to heal this wound. I'm just kicking myself because my question is what riled you up." He tries to say something. But there's no need.

"Ura it's fine, Nina will man up to her mistake. The funny thing is that I never met your father and yet in her own eyes, in her own memories... I think she is the most ALIKE to your father, I think that's why they clashed so much." I got some oils I know she will like the scent, I let her boss me around if it makes her happy, she treats me so good... I have never felt so wanted, needed and loved by anyone and then she thought me how to be happy again.

"You think so?" He's such a good guy, I am really lucky to have gotten a brother like him.

"Think about it... Stubborn as mules, prejudiced, prideful, conceited and arrogant... Yet creative, opinionated and full of regrets. Now that I go to therapy I see why you guys see it's importance... As a Beta, you're father should have been more assertive and notice that the rifts within his own family that could fully tear in the future. He should have made sure you had family counseling." We are already at the counter. Ura stays quiet, I know he took in everything I said and is buried in his thoughts. I pat his shoulder as the girls come over.

"Babe I have some fun stuff for later!" Ura smiles as Freya goes to him with two boxes kissing him deeply, he wraps his arms around her waist and kisses her even deeper. Ura speaks so little and outside The Circle I know he speaks less, it's a good thing Freya and him are Twin Souls, unless he prohibits it, she will voice anything he's thinking and he really is not the type to prohibit Frey from anything.

"Ok, I think I got everything I need for now! Nina are you sure this should be enough?" She just throws a bunch of boxes on the counter.

"Enough?! I already told you this, this, this and that is enough! Hades Izzy! Do you want to carry their babies too?!" I am trying so hard to not laugh, by the Goddess's mercy the woman is not one to filter her words! Izzy is studying the articles again.

"Meh! I still want to try them all!" She says shrugging. It's so funny because she's pretty scary... What I've seen her do! Uff! I have NEVER seen any Alpha do what she can. Just what she did to The Council when she declared war on them, we have had no retaliation! At least not Karaya and they're just doing what they were doing before, attacking those who are not to their standards... Cowards. And yet I understand why her and Ura are thick as thieves, they try their best to not allow to be bothered by others and are really laid back. 

"It's fine wrap it all up, Frey lay yours down ma chérie... Mon amour, did you get anything you want?" I stretch my hand to her, might as well try to make her look at least a little humble. She takes my hand and wraps herself in my arm like it's a dance move.

"Nope! I already did!" And gets on her toes and gives me a sweet kiss on my cheek, this woman always knows how to get my mood in the clouds with her mischief but I'm not letting her get away so easily, I KNOW she owes Maco a ton of money and the others are pissed about it but they keep their mouth shut.

"You are so sweet sometimes chèri... Go on and pay, I got some new oils I think you'll like." She gives me a look but she smiles at me... My paper tiger.

"Riiiiiiight! Josián, put it on my tab please... I guess my name is 'Payback' today." Good girl!

"Thank you Nina you are the bestest big sister ever! Ura aren't you curious where she's going to take us to lunch?!" Izzy states and I can't help it this time and apparently Frey can't either because we just bust out laughing! That was straight up upper cut! Ura goes to the counter and leans on it next to Izzy.

"I am extremely curious! Buuuut I have a hunch she's taking us to Ramiro's place and then maybe to Kike's show you that you wanted to watch... It's a hunch but I just KNOW our sister is just that generous!" Oh man! Their good. Freya and I look at each other and she just put her hands over her mouth, the tears in her eyes spilling out and she comes by my side trying to get shelter from the shit show!

"Wow, you mother fuckers are really laying it on thick aren't cha?! Let me tell yo---" I pinch one of her butt cheeks making her yelp and she glares at me and I rise one of my eyebrows. For fucks sake woman just do it!

"I - It would be my greatest pleasure to invite you guys to Ramiro's and wherever..." Atta girl!

"Damn Ura! You're right! Did you get Seer powers and didn't tell me?! She IS generous! She reminds me so much of Maco, I have a feeling that she'll be very generous to Maco in the future, too!" I don't know if I will be able to contain Nina all day if this keeps up! 
###chapter 127: Circle Excursion II
Loiza's POV

"Damnit! For a pair of almost mutes you two cunts sure can be chatty!" Tony is definitely my boy but he tapped out, even Frey! They went outside to wait, or better said laugh outside, Ura linked me that Frey is giving Tony the play by play outside. We can CLEARLY hear them laughing.

"Izzy I agree, Maco is so deserving of Nina's generosity! Nina, dearest sister, do you remember that the old house could really use a nice swimming pool?! I mean, Maco and Amelia barely go out since she's still recovering from all that shit she went through, a pool would be a nice therapeutical asset for her and our MOST generous brother, a terrace would be really nice too... Do you guys remember when Mom told Dad that exact thing and WE ALL agreed with HER but HE said it wasn't necessary and Bayo AGREED with HIM?" Whoa! Ura is REALLY going for her jugular today! Her face is so red with rage I'm about to go outside myself to fucking laugh my ass off! If Talia would have been here today it would have gone nuclear. However...

"I DO remember Ura! Since we didn't live at The Fort she thought it would be cool to have a pool with a terrace to have barbecues and family night. She sure would have LOVED that fire pit in my balcony. Hey do you think there would be space in the backyard for a fire pit?" She pays the stuff and stumped herself outside to wait with the others. A small chain reaction happens as she gets outside Frey and Tony stop laughing and Ura and I bust out in uncontrollable laughter and high five each other.

"Fuck yeah! Ura I am so proud of you! I don't think you have ever allowed anyone to see how much you can actually talk! And the guilt trip... Uff!" I kiss my finger like a chef. "That was exquisite! Dude her face when you mentioned Dad and then the piece de resistance adding that Bayo AGREED, oh man, for a second I thought she was going to slap you!" I'm still getting my bearings.

"Secret: For a second I did too! But even if I stayed still she'd probably miss... Nina couldn't hit a still target to save her life! If there is a zombie apocalypse Circle or no Circle Nina is not on my team! But Izzy... You added on a fire pit too! Have I ever told you how much I love you and how you'll always be my favorite?" And he puts his arm around me and kisses my temple as we walk out.

"Once or twice, but I could always listen to it again! I love you big brother don't change!" He opens the door for both of us and walks past everyone and heads up the road to Ramiro's place.

"Well I am sure hungry going on hangry, how about you BIRTHDAY girl?!" He's not going to show her mercy today, thanks for choosing today to REALLY let all out bro! But I got to give it to him, he's keeping it light but knowing Nina she won't be able to take this for much longer and I know I SHOULD de-escalate this, however...

"Oh boy, I'm famished!" Ura and I actually talk a lot when it's just US. At first it wasn't like that of course, it was silence that brought us together just like he said. We were very comfortable in each other's silence, we still are! We would go hunting or fishing and we would spend HOURS in silence, we already knew each other's cues and particular signs and facial expressions to know what we were thinking, no linking necessary sometimes.

"What kind of food does this place serve?" Freya asked. Ura had extended his hand to her and she caught up to us, he kissed her hand before replying.

"Don't know! I've never been there but from what Nina has mentioned it's THE BEST place to go and you know she has the best taste of all of us, so my hunch went in that direction." I hear Tony scratching his head a few steps behind us and Nina grinding her teeth.

"I agree, Nina has impeccable taste! Izzy I think those caramels are magical, usually I have to be my Honey Bunny's mouthpiece today he's like a big boy!" Thank you Frey! I have found being an Alpha much easier than being a Mirabal, I SHOULD be de-escalating this but it's hard, if we don't clap back it's like our brother or sister or cousin punched us and we just stood there! That is unacceptable in my family, running our mouth to give our siblings shit is in our DNA, it's a Mirabal legacy! My Day and Tía Ayiti would go at it and it was like a ping pong match, and when we ALL get together including Natalia, Lola and Umbros it turns into a blood bath! Ura grabs her by her waist and kisses her hard jerking me since he still has his other arm around me.

"That's funny Love! Remembering as you always tell me I am a BIG boy!" And he totally clapped back at HER making her blush furiously making me think she HAS indeed told him this! Oh Freya, Twin Soul or no, do you really think you can do this?

Lunch actually went pretty well, and the food was amazing and we went for the afternoon showing for Kike's show. We have never gone to Cirque du Soleil, and after watching that I really want to go to have something to compare it to live! Either way it was breathtaking, Kike booked the largest theater in The District which after watching the show I understand why.

Apparently news of my visit to the Red Light District reached the media and we had reporters outside of the theater, damn it seriously? Do guys really have to bug me today?!

"Alpha did you come for the reopening of The District, what did you think of the show?!" Someone asks and the others stood a little behind... 

"I did indeed, we have already been through enough tragedy and misery, just as we are welcoming new members to our tribe I am so happy that there is room to be able to cut loose and have at least one day for leisure. The District has stood for over a century in Itiba City, making it a staple of what makes our capital so diverse and open to many ideas and artistic views and yes a little sexual fun here and there. As for the show I definitely recommend everyone to come watch it! The choreography and the costumes are amazing and let's be honest we all know the hard work, dedication and love that these artists lead by Kike and Santiago put into their shows. Everyone in the tribe knows that I have traveled a lot when I was in the field, however when you're in the field you don't always have the chance to stop and just have time to enjoy your environment. So I had never seen a show like this, at least not live, but from what I have seen from recordings of similar shows that humans do this is way superior in my opinion. So again I hope everyone shows support for The District and we will continue to work to make us whole again or at least as close to it as possible." I finish.

"Alpha what about the rumors that there will be another district open in Atabex City?" Of course! Atabex City! Brilliant! I have an idea for our next level of fun!

"You can put those rumors to rest, I have indeed already approved a district in Atabex City once all of the permits go through the designated channels construction should begin. I thank you all for your questions now please excuse me it's time for this little wolf's dinner!" I give them a HUGE smile and little chuckle. Just when someone else was going to ask me something I took off my smile and glared at them with and eyebrow rised.

Dad was very good at handling the press, he HAD to with all the scandals Nina raised, yet when that day happened and I humiliated him in front of of the whole pack he responded to questions with 'No comment'... He didn't even look at me for over a month! I was victorious and everyone hailed my praises and of course I got to leave Karaya whenever I wanted and yet... I lost the very tight bond we shared. We were both prideful but I hated Dad's silent treatment, I was terrified our relationship was going to be like Nina's... I went to his office at The Fort, I raised the sound barrier, closed the door and dropped to my knees BEGGING for his forgiveness in tears. I had NEVER begged to anyone for anything ever! He stood up and he picked me up in his strong arms.

"No mi niña! Izzy, what you did... I know it was me who didn't leave you with another option. Of all of my children, you are the most difficult to predict, I always underestimate you and just when I think I have you figured out you change the rules of the game and I feel like I have to start from scratch. You have never disappointed me, you have always done your duty to the pack without any push back or complain... Nina, is Nina... I fear for her sometimes, but this was my mistake, you never ask for anything. Even the Lady Moira told me of your small request for your birthday... You are so strong! You're so much like your mother. I can't give you unicorns mija, I can't even give you forgiveness because it's me who should ask it of you. Do you forgive this foolish old man princesa?" I wrapped my arms around his neck.

"I love you Daddy!" Hugging him tighter.

"Whoa careful! I'm afraid of you now!" He said making me giggle... If Nina wouldn't have been so absorbed in just what she wanted, she would have been able to see what a great father Dad was. But I know he shares blame too... HE was the adult.

We start walking downtown... "So Tony, which do you consider to be the BEST place to get a good French dinner in Atabex City?" I ask him. I know I put him in a difficult place. But he's going to have to get around to learning the bits and ends of our family dynamic, and he's already in a difficult place, he's Nina's mate for Goddesses sake!

"Ummm, well..." I can already smell his sweat! Delicious! I love the smell of fear!

"Oh, I heard from a friend in training that Le Nouveau Lieu was the best one over there." Freya chimes in. Ha!

"ARE YOU SERIOUS RIGHT NO--" I turn around to face Nina and give her an innocent look and raise my arm to point at myself and said very sweetly...

"Birthday!" She bit her lips and stomped her foot in defeat.

"Nice!" Ura adds.

"FINE! How do we get there? It's over an hour drive genius!" I raise my finger asking for a moment. I really hope she's not busy with her new toy...

L: 'Ayana?'

A: 'Yo birthday girl I was hoping you would make contact, are there any unicorns in this place?'

L: 'Nope, and they wouldn't let our slutty hands touch them anymore anyways! We do have something else though. Do you think Hiroto would be up for racing?' Silence.

A: 'Are you shitting me?'

L: 'I shit you not! I'm willing to spend one night in the dungeons, wouldn't be my first time. But first they have to catch you!'

A: 'We're IN! Where are you?'

L: 'Pick up Cressy and meet me Downtown in front of Ramón's shop, savvy?'

A: 'Savy Wavy bitch, give me a minute!'

L: 'Waiting! Oh and tell Cressy to keep it secret, we're going to dinner first!'

A: 'Oh, I love secrets! Roger that!'

"Our ride it's on it's way! This has just turned into Circle Excursion invited guests edition!" And I feel the need for speed!
###chapter 128: The Drag
Loiza's POV

"Who's coming? Seriously Izzy? An hour drive? Can't you just order someone with a helicopter or something? I've never been in one and I'm hungry!" Nina complained. She's is just like Umbros, she can't drive for shit. Cressy is a decent driver but I don't know if she's ever raced, Ayana however is very good! Maco taught Ura, Lola and me and we would sneak out to race at The Drag in the mountains, we only got caught twice and we did spend those nights in the dungeons laughing our asses off. Dad would get us in the morning asking who won.

A portal opened with Cressy, Ayana and Alpha Hiroto Ogawa whom I can feel through the link is still trying to understand our ways. Ayana winks at me... 'He doesn't know either so shush!' My smile just grows! My friends come at me and jump me each giving me a kiss on each cheek like we would do to each other on our own birthday.

"Ok, ok I feel the love!" They let me breathe. I look at Hiroto and greet him, I didn't read anything in the reports of what they did for fun.

"Hiroto, I hope you have been enjoying your new home so far!" He looked at Ayana adoringly. Ayana is fae, they're sexual culture is... Unbounded.

"Hai Alpha, I am VERY satisfied!" I thought so!

"Ayana can you do the honors please?" She opens a portal and we're in front of Le Nouveau Lieu.

"I sure hope everyone is hungry for French cuisine and don't worry... It's Nina's treat! Isn't she awesome?!" Ura and Freya buckled laughing and Ura raised both his arms.

"And it's GOOOOOOD!" He exclaimed like scoring point for game.

"I swear to the Goddesses I WILL get back at BOTH of you fuckers! You're sooooo on my SHIT LIST!" Poor Tony! He's really not laughing anymore, I'll make it up to him after dinner. Ayana and Cressy know me well enough to know that I am totally messing with Nina and take cue... And it seems Ayana has linked instructions to her own confused mate.

"Thanks Nina! Well damn! I guess we got here just in time!" Cressy pats her shoulder as she walks in ignoring Nina's outburst, as Ura holds the door for her.

"I heard this place is good, come anata, tonight is French night! Longue vie à la France!" And Ayana walks in with her arms around Hiroto's arm.

We all take our seats, order and start eating. I think I can soothe my beloved brother in law now.

'Tony? Act natural and contain your emotions from my sister. How are you holding up?' I ask Ura to pass me a roll.

'Izzy you ARE Hades incarnate! She's about to stab someone!' I spit my wine mildly onto my glass.

"Are you ok sweet sister?" Ura asked.

"A-ok dearest brother, just choked a little." Ok, let's see if there is some adventure in this Alpha. I know he has a heavy heart.

'Sorry, but we have laid back long enough... Don't worry about it, let me guess she is just angry now and her guilt has almost vanished?' I ask Hiroto if the food was good... It's actually amazing.

"Hai, I have never had food like you have here, we are now understanding the Greek code. The Council is treasonous indeed from keeping this information." Our spies inside different ###chapters all over the planet report that they DO have this information, that's without mentioning the information they have about us. Apparently they have sections in their libraries dedicated to us! How flattering. Our spies are gathering every bit of evidence to still have another trump card over them.

"Indeed." I link Ayana to carry the conversation and go back to Tony.

T: 'I know Izzy but---'

L: 'Do you like drag racing like the others? Well they're really STREET racing it's just we have called it either The Drag or La Fiebre for years.'

T: 'What?!'

L: 'Do you want to speed up the night?!' He looks at me with eyes like saucers. 'Don't look! Contain your emotions!' He goes casual again taking a sip of wine.

T: 'Fuck yeah!' I feel like his link has come alive again, so much for keeping emotions in check.

L: 'Good! Contact Delphine and Hatuey, tell them to gather The Drag at the new spot. Don't tell them I'll be there. This is for me, but I also want to make it up to you. Your first Circle Excursion has been a disaster.' I give him a wink when Nina was asking Ayana something about her hair.

T: 'Roger that!' And he goes to work. Cressy and Ayana know, so I link my last piece.

L: 'Ura! Keep eating normal.'

U: 'Whats the plan?' I also know Frey is listening in.

L: 'I told Tony to contact Delphine and Hatuey to gather The Drag!' I see a little smirk, but he's a pro, emotions steady and pouring some more wine in Frey's glass.

U: 'I love you!'

F: 'Me too, me too! I've been wanting to try it out!'

It took us a while longer to finish, I want to give The Drag time to gather. We used to steal Abuelo's old Mustang especially after I put it together and Dad let me put add ons. I don't think he expected me to add a nitrous oxide system, or change the seats... Or that I would change the whole exhaust system. Or that I would paint it matte black! When I unveiled it to him and my brothers their jaws dropped until Maco stood up and gave me a standing ovation and Ura and Bayo followed. My Dad just went to examine EVERYTHING!

"Mija if you're Abuelo saw this he would kiss you and throw your Tía Ayiti and me to the curb and name you his heir! HOW?!" I raised a book and handed to him. Abuelo died in the Great War protecting his Alpha, that's when my Dad had to step up and be named Beta of The Osupa.

"And to think all he had to do was pick a book!" Suania never even tried to take up the challenge and my Dad was actually ok with it. Besides, Nia was his darling little girl who dotted on her Daddy the most, and her commanding nature with her natural sweet charm towards him ALWAYS made him bite the bait. This is why I have always considered Nia much more cunning than Nina and had Dad eating out of her hand! Funny thing is that because of her way of snaking herself through the animosity within the family no one really notices it. I don't have a problem with her, I love her, but for Goddesses sake she can be insufferable sometimes. I'd rather have Nina's open arrogant persona than someone who's trying to play me to their will... I still got her good that time...


Antoine's POV

We are already hearing the commotion! I have to give it to my Alpha, she never fails with her surprises. I have been wanting to race since my previous pack found an old hobby within The Osupa. We used to have drag races years ago, however when the attacks started getting more frequent that I had to shut it down. I haven't raced in years, but since Nina told me to behave and not make her sister look bad I stayed away. And here is her sister the one who is actually inciting us to go wild!

Izzy, Ura, Freya and Ayana ran to check out the cars... I was in a conundrum because Nina was angry and I wanted to run with them to check the cars out, too but if I leave her alone she's going to chew me out later. Decisions, decisions! And then she gave me the green light, I love this woman!

"Go on... I know you really want to..." She said with the voice of complete defeat. Amaruq wanted to stay with her, he also wanted to race we were trying to determine the correct action when Izzy made it easy!

"Tony I command you to race!" Well that's, settled! I give my mate a cautious peck on the cheek.

"Hiroto do you race?" He had a smile but was shaking his head.

"Bango! But now I will learn!" Awesome!

"Chèri... Do you want--" Her glare made me take Hiroto with me ASAP to see the cars. And over the music, people dancing and the cars on display I heard Izzy and Ura about to kill someone! Merde!

"Are you fucking kidding me Hatuey?! You had it all this time and didn't bring it to us?! Do you have a DAMN DEATH WISH?!" Ura shoved his shoulders and raised a fist to beat him, I grabbed his fist in mid air. Only for Izzy to do it anyway! And his face..! Ugh!

"Alpha I..." His face was regenerating as he was trying to explain? Confess? Apologize? From Nina's memories I think I understand what happened.

"EXACTAMENTE! I AM YOUR DAMN ALPHA! What the fuck Hatuey?! Give me the damn keys! If you fucked up my car I swear I'll KILL YOU and send your head to your brother! Is THAT what THIS is about?! Do you even know what that car means to my family?!" She signals Ura to open the hood. And I see her checking everything! Why is this not in Nina's memories?

"Iz-- Alpha, I'm sorry it was just--" She goes to him with golden pools in her eyes takes him by the collar and brings him down to meet her gaze... The boy must be 6'7"! Almost a foot taller than her.

"SORRY MY ASS HATUEY! You though you could take MY GRANDFATHER'S car and think I wouldn't find out?! Boy did you loose your damn mind?! Thank the Goddess for her mercy and the love I have for your sister, your uncle and your family! Get out of my fucking sight and tell your brother that if he has beef with me he can come to my office and tell it to my fucking face! HAVE I MADE MYSELF CLEAR?!"

The boy looked like he was going to cry, Izzy didn't give an Alpha command... She didn't have to, her aura with Aryn's was so strong that EVERYONE in the link there were terrified... Including me. We were all trembling, except for Ura and Freya who where inspecting the car bumper to bumper. I looked at Nina and she's got tears in her eyes, trembling. Cresta isn't in the link but she's not well either. Even Ayana looks like she's seen a ghost, but Cresta goes next to Ayana and their Priestess marks are shinning yellow and I notice so is Izzy's. Immediately we all have a sense of serenity, we all took a collective breath... Ma Déesse!

"Sorry that all of you had to see that, now you know! If this is how I get about someone messing with my car, imagine what I'll do to anyone who messes with my people... Can someone get me a creeper and a beer please!" And suddenly everyone started cheering!

"Fukanō! The Goddess is merciful indeed!" I look at Hiroto. I see the girl I doubted in the same awe.

"Now I understand why more often than not they call her Cacique instead of Alpha." Nina comes over and takes my hand, she's wiping her tears but she looks like she's about to laugh. I still have much to understand about them.

"Oh my Goddess that was so BITCHIN! Last I felt her aura like that was when Mt. Cemí blew! Finally this day got good!" I looked at her in shock!

"Nani? The mountain?! Wasn't she a Gamma then?!" I'm so glad Hiroto asked.

"Are you saying that she could do this BEFORE?!" And she smiles triumphantly looking at her sister with pride.

"Of course! She IS an Osupa Priestess after all! Now do you understand why Talia wasn't worried when she was negotiating with you? Obviously her power back then was not as it is now! Now she carries the power of a Cacique crowed by the Goddesses, so naturally everyone was receiving that enormous energy, I was tearing up because I never got used to it, but did you see Ura and Freya? Ura has hanged out enough around Izzy to already be completely used to it, she can probably go in a rage and he will be completely unaffected... And by default Frey! THAT gentlemen, is the Alpha that protects us... Fucking car has more lives than a cat!" She bites her lip and shakes her head. "Can you imagine how much stronger she will be when Kayden moves his pack here?!" She let go of my hand and runs to her sister they fist bump each other and hug. And Ayana and Cressy high five each other while Ura is revving up the engine. These siblings are... I have no words.

"You hadn't felt this before today?" Hiroto asked. I shake my head.

"No! She's very good at keeping her rage and anger in check. All I know is that now more than ever I definitely don't want her as my enemy! Dude she's going to start Alpha training with us in a few days! We're going to spar with her!" I hear him gulp. And if the Goddess mated her with Kayden, he can either be as powerful or have the potential to. If Nina was as disciplined in combat she could reach a very high potential, but the Osupa respect the Greek coding and as a Kappa her discipline lies in her passion, I couldn't do what she does either. She has dedicated most of her life on the study of her own craft that's why she's a Master and well respected among her tribe in spite of all the hell she has risen in the past! But Kayden... He's an Alpha too!

"I definitely made the right choice to bring my people here!" Hiroto says... If I would have taken my people to Sardinia both Cesar and I probably would be dead instead of street racing and enjoying life, the tough of that possible miscalculation could have cost us everything!

"I was doubtful..." I feel shame.

'Get over here and tell me what you think of my handiwork and stop sulking Tony, I know what you feel, I command you to stop kicking yourself.' Izz's voice in my head brought me to reality, she didn't use her Alpha voice. She just wanted me to relax. I need a serious conversation with my mate, she has to make amends with her family. She might have her shit with Bayoán, but to be fair Izzy and him are taking the bulk of the responsibilities and I know that there's much they don't disclose to keep the tribe as relaxed as it is. We go over and inspect the car and Izzy is checking another car while Ura is under theirs. He gets up and is beaming.

"Nothing was changed! Stupid Hatuey couldn't even be creative enough to do anything else to it! I can work, fix and drive them but to put it together from scratch? I was never able to, I did build the motor though. Still, she and Maco made improvements, she's always been good with puzzles." What? I look at my mate.

"Why can't I find this in your memory?" She looked uncomfortable at the question.

"Because I fucking hate this car... Look I didn't even try to put it together. But now that that idiot Hatuey TRIED to take it pisses me off! Good car!" I look under the hood and it's a masterpiece!

"Hey Tony..." She throws a pair of keys at me and she's finishing up a transaction. "Thanks for taking care of her Chelo! I'm glad you had fun!" It's a cherry red 1996 Honda Accord. Against a customized Mustang?

"... Let's race!" And she gets into the Honda.

"Ura is she serious?" He closes the hood of the Mustang.

"Yeah, it's HER car! She's always felt more comfortable racing it." He said. I guess my confused face gave me away.

"The Mustang was Dad's car. Maco and Izzy built their own. Because she did such an awesome job with the Mustang, Dad wanted to SEE her do another one by herself. So he got her the Honda! You should have seen it then, it looked ready for the junkyard! She LOVES that car! Chelo found it, he had already contacted Maco telling him he had it but needed to be picked up here since he moved and hadn't had the chance to take it to Itiba. Maco's Subaru was found too! It was the Mustang we thought was lost forever! Hatuey will be wearing his brown pants for a while." And now I see why they laid the smack down on Nina... They all really had a good relationship with their father but for many years my beloved wicked mate had antagonized it because of her selfishness. Sigh... She comes over still with that smile that melts me, she looks so giddy and mischievous.

"You want a good luck kiss?!" She's something else! Ha!

"You better chèri! If I wreck this car don't worry about any Heat ever again!" She starts laughing.

"Nah, it's just a car! And knowing them..." She looks at her siblings driving the cars to the starter line. "... They would just put it back together, with Maco and Bayoán!" She doesn't see it herself.

"Yo Tony we don't have all night! I'm a busy woman you know!" It's ON!
###chapter 129: The Race
Loiza's POV

"WE ALL KNOW THE RULES OF THE DRAG! 
Get caught and it's the dungeons for you! Pass the finish line and your scot-free! 
The route has been uploaded to your computers, DON'T KILL ANYONE or your fucked! And don't kill your car! This is the North Coast BABYYYY!" I revv the engine and look to my right and I blow Tony a kiss, he has a huge open smile and shakes his head. Nina is lucky as hell, I hope he keeps helping her grow up.

"READY?!" What was her name? Ah yeah, Krystal raises her first perfectly manicured finger to Tony. The smell of exhaust gases and burned rubber filled the air. I clear my mind fully, this win is mine! I already memorized the route. My eyes on the Christmas Tree waiting for the green light!

"STEADY!" My adrenaline levels are off the charts and I let Aryn out, I focus again, she's helping me channel that adrenaline and her mind and mine are fully synced, we share the same goal... WIN! 

"GOOOO!" I stomped my foot on the accelerator as I side stepped my clutch. Shifting into second gear...


Kayden's POV

Mi mind has been going in circles from what Gaia said. I need to remember... I KNOW now that that there's something else about Izz and me... BOTH of us. Every night now I go in the Bond to check out how her day went. The tiara... Shit, she was terrified! And when I see the image she saw in her memory it jolted my mind to something from another time... I can't tearaway from her image LIKE THAT! Even the color of the dress was on point! Blue was always her color... It reminded her of home. But it's not REALLY Izzy... I'M not REALLY Kayden! THAT though terrifies me exactly the SAME as how Izz felt with that image of herself. But while I'm accepting this, Izzy is running away from it only focused on the goal put for US, BOTH OF US. From what Gaia told me the first step for that goal has been met... Our children, not just the twins... But the ones yet to come.

Gaia... I FEEL it now. That sense of URGENCY to get this DONE before he finds her... My anger raising at the thought of him having her by his side... Again. Wait... I STOLE her... She begged, she was mine first! Damn you and your lust father! You had to give MY WOMAN TO HIM?! My brain has to work faster what am I missing? Kayden is not used to puzzles, Izzy is the puzzle master and but she's been solving the other puzzles, she really hasn't begun THIS one... Why am thinking about myself in the third person? 

I look down at Caliburn in my hand. He's quiet, since I came to my own realization of myself Mordred has been hidden, HE'S the one terrified of ME now. He's afraid I will rip his soul out of Caliburn. How am I supposed to do that?! Marcus is concerned... That's when I put that part of myself outside the Link, like I used to do when I howled for HER..

The Moon was her domain... The Moon and the ocean... Mine the Sun. I loved setting over the ocean to catch glimpses of her with her sisters, she would look up at me with her amber eyes I would shine bright for her, I wanted to see her black hair glimmer blue, her eyes shine like fire!

I had to catch myself feeling my heart like it couldn't take more of my brain... Am I going crazy? She thought she was when she saw herself with the tiara! 

I'm shinning on her... Her hair isn't the only thing glimmering, so was her tiara. The one the Sea Nymphs, the Nereides wear!

I am panting I need to get out of my brain for a while. I get up and remember Caliburn in my hand... This feels right! Mordred has to go, this is The Sword of Peace. I lay it down giving it one last glance before leaving Kayden's office. No... I have to make my peace that I'm also Kayden. I look at my image in the bathroom mirror and a similar fear like the one Izzy felt at the sight of her own image, only I'm not terrified like she was. Hers was a surprise, I came to confirm what I already feel. The image before me is correct, I know him as Kayden, but he's also me. After looking at myself for a while I feel at peace with that image, I have to help her remember that her image in the mirror is correct, that she doesn't have to be afraid of herself. She's so afraid of him finding her, I swore I would protect her no matter the cost. But... What was the price? I feel like I'm racing with myself! 

Wait... A race? I finish drying my hair get some shorts and lie down and focus on the Bond that now has become like air to me. I know it like the palm of my hand, she's not even begun to explore it. I need to be there when they take down the block, it's going to overwhelm her. If she wouldn't have had such a disciplined mind she would have broken long ago, and she got that discipline in Avalon. Thank you Gaia, thank you Selene, You made true on your word to me to always keep her close to your realms. And with her being in Avalon so have I because of the Bond. I went through EVERY memory of her when she was there, every herb she knows, I know, every potion, every ritual, every strength and every weakness of every species on the planet, supernatural or not. That's how I know she will be overwhelmed by the scope of the power of OUR Bond, she knows how strong the Bond works for The Osupa but she hasn't touched it since we were mated and it's been simmering... Just like my ignorance of all the knowledge she possesses. These little girls have SO MUCH knowledge, information, and they can't share it... It's truly impossible! But she's wasn't a little girl...

It made me understand why it was so difficult for her to join the pack link and Blessed Be for Yaya's guidance and Urayoán teaching her, I love him as my brother already! I have much to thank him for he set in motion a chain reaction to get her in and he's never asked her to disclose any secret to him, these secrets that I know. Everything she hides from everyone she can't from me. She's tried to put a block so that I can't see those secrets and shit! I definitely understand WHY the Priestesses need to hide them and why she puts up her STRONGEST barriers to protect them, her natural sense of duty drives her to protect that knowledge that in the wrong hands can destroy the planet... Oh mother, how could you? I do want to hear Gaia's explanation when she finally decides to awaken us fully as she has done many times before, of why she put me in this family, I would have understood if... If they were the parents I knew of my childhood, why put me in the womb of a psychopath, or even Marcus... How on Earth am I going to explain THIS to Marcus?! Hey yo, I'm your brother in blood only but not truly. How will Izzy explain? Would she even want to? They saw her as a freak once, why not again? Will even Urayoán and Maco accept it? Will my pack? Will HER pack? What would happen to our children?! No! She and I will have to REALLY talk this over. By Gaia I AM awakening!

Every physiological child we have had we have loved, I gave my life for one once and would again, she is still that Nymph I would shine bright for! Fuck! I already KNOW every deity. Ha! Of course! Is it in fact Apollo? Was Izzy already partially awakening then? Gaia won't confirm until I remember HER name, that was the deal... 'True self!' Oh my sweet ocean Nymph... I have become a locksmith, there's really no door you close I can't open. I KNOW why Pasha and the Mermaids say she smells as them! She IS an ocean creature! I feel like I'm so close!

Suddenly I jerk to the now... It's her birthday!

She hates her birthday, at least since returning from Avalon. It's a wonder she even forgave my stupidity and carelessness with my pack! Because of the history of her people, slavery is taboo, they have Elders that remember their own Elders remember when some of their ancestors were slaves and here like a mega moron don't even know that I fucking have slaves in my own damn pack! Even fucking Unicorns, for fucks sake it's the happiest she was when she WAS a child! Happiest memories of her childhood... WHAT childhood? She was on the clock from day one! Was that the price Gaia? To live only a half life? However Izzy has made the BEST with what she had to work with! She is truly a daughter of the Ocean, like water, smooth and easily adaptable to the basin you're put in. That's how she reeled me in like the creatures of the ocean that worship her especially her beloved Orcas, that's why I chose Aryn as her wolf! Every time I would see big pods of Orcas I would look for her and sure enough, she would be close! Aryn has a similar coloring to the porpoises!

I go into the Bond as that now is my shelter... I know the puzzle now Love I already read Gaia's grimoire, she hasn't told us the end game.

What a disaster of a Council meeting... She's trying to get them to fucking understand, idiots! The Elder is very interested in helping her achieve her goal, but I know now she can't hand him the puzzle, that he has to do himself. Víctor is not going to be happy with Bayoán, it's not like his arrogant ass to be that off... Is Morgana getting contractions? Hybrids are very dificult on the mother, I am so glad that my dumbass self did everything possible to give her and the pups what they needed. They both look strong already, Izzy has to know that them not smelling like ocean creatures is a Blessing, he won't suspect them when they enter the Ocean.

She enjoys The Circle so much, ignorance truly is bliss... Would I be able to adapt and cut loose knowing what I do? I would definitely try for both of us, she has so many dark secrets she has lived with almost all of THIS life and she has found it as her shelter.

Deacon has been so silent since learning about us, he KNEW she was on her way to me from thousands of miles... I can't keep kicking myself anymore. I stopped being him a while ago.

K: 'Deacon are you still with me?'

D: 'Yes Kayden, we are understanding. I fear for Izz's mind as well as Aryn. Do you think it's wise to let her know?

K: We need to her to know her true self, but the Block has to go, otherwise it will consume her but we HAVE to be there when it happens. Not even their best healers understand this.

D: 'Do you have a plan?' Sigh.

K: 'I think I do but like everything else it depends on others. We KNOW the location of Karaya, but us just appearing just like nothing could cause... Complications. I don't want to risk her mind, or the relationship of the packs, do you understand?'

D: 'Yes I know everything and...'

K: 'I know, I need you to start gently coaxing Aryn, Deacon, we need her help. But remember she's also our mate, we need her own mind safe too.'

D: 'You should take a look at NOW, they are together, they work as one!'

Yeah they are very good at that, their repairing their own Bond. I take a look. 

Racing! 

And I am suddenly shocked that this would excite me this much now, it looked fun in Paco's shop. I'm watching the race through her eyes, she's racing Antoine! They found the Mustang! She worked her ass off on it and Hatuey had the fucking balls to keep it?! I doubt that Casimar has anything to do with it except for resentment. You're own past is catching up to you too, huh Love?

But this excitement is giving me a little hope that I CAN be Kayden and love her as I have all those other lives, so it IS reincarnation!

Yeah... I think, I think I can enjoy this lifetime with her, just feeling her adrenaline I can't help but smile, fuck yeah it looks like fun! I've never done it... At least not in this lifetime and that dumb though makes me laugh! It's ok. I am Alpha Kayden of Blood Moon Pack Virginia and and my mate is her, it's always her. That was the deal... The price... Of course! 

To be mortal... And yet always finding each other in the Bond that unites warewolves. That's why I chose them for our vessels! 

K: 'Deacon you have to help remind me of WHAT I am in the now ok, you can't be silent and you don't have to be worried, we are a warewolf after all right?'

D: 'I'm so flattered my human remembers!' Ha! Yeah, I can do this! We've done it hundreds of times! 

Fuck the patrols are closing in! She's so close! She already left Antoine way behind with that prior rust bucket she turned into a gem! I have a feeling that he's going to spend the night in the dungeons! Ha! I'll probably get to spend a few, I'm definitely going to want to do it, it's not enough through her eyes, I want to live it WITH her.

And she's CLEAR! She crossed the finish line without being caught! Ha! This is going to be trending! I'm actually enjoying this! I check my ring and BOOM there it is! Yup Antoine was caught, damn and really looking at everything that happened today... Ura REALLY gave Nina a piece of his mind! Good for him! Damn they THRASHED her good today! Ha! I can't even imagine Marcus clapping at me so viciously! Oh Marcus... I don't have to say anything right now. I have to be ok with this, I've already caused my little brother so much heartache myself... Goddesses what a selfish asshole I was! Why am I always like this?

I go to the shrines to get everything ready for the Dawn. Moira is going to have to help me, I know who she is, right now I know her better than Bayoán could even imagine... He doesn't know jack shit who she is and why she's The Lady of the Lake. I know I don't have to write down all that pompous bullshit. Seriously Gaia, must you make it so complicated every time? it's a MORTALS mind. Either way I'm awake! I know who I am! Now I have to remember HER name for confirmation... Wait! She's usually the good one at puting the pieces together, all I have to do is show her the image again but through MY EYES! It's good to be back! Yes, she's water, her mind adapts faster... Thank you Grandmother! Wait? You were here?! You seriously couldn't throw me a bone huh? It's fine as long as you're by HER side! 

I have the power to DEMAND Moira to see me!

'Lord Apollo demands you come at once Moira of Avalon.' PERIODT. I want Mordred out of my fucking sword he's ruining millennia of polishing it gold and I want my bow back! 
###chapter 130: The Filial Bond
Loiza's POV

Ayana, Cressy and Hiroto left through portal and we got in the cars. Ura was driving the Mustang with Frey and I the Honda with Nina and Tony as shotgun, it was late and I just wanted to get back fast so Ura and I decided to race back to Itiba... Òrún Road SW is usually empty at this time and I told the patrols to fuck off. We got home in 20 minutes! I can't wait to see Maco's face when he sees we have Abuelo's car! 

We drove up to the garages of The Fort.

"Alpha, merci for not letting them put us in the dungeons, I don't think I could take a stone bed and not have my mischievous mates scent tonight!" The only ones who didn't get caught were Freya and me, tonight the girls beat the boys 2 - 0! Hiroto had driven stick before but never raced! Ura explained the basics and he got the nack for it QUICK! He was loving how free everyone was. Ayana told me he was loving everything but what she said that he loved to do the most was to sleep with his arms around her and his face in her pale green hair... I have had sex with my mate, but I've never SLEPT with him. How pathetic is THAT! Wow... Self pitty Izz? Get a grip! He is MINE and I'll fucking part the ocean like Yahweh's prophet Moses to bring him to my side! 

"No problem Tony! It's not your fault your mate has serious issues!" Ura gives me the Heavy Metal symbol and we chuckle.

"Seriously guys! I admit, you both OBLITERATED me today! How long are you guys going to thrash me?!" I noticed that Ura was getting pissed again. As always with her, she fucks off the message and doesn't expect consequences! In one ear and out the other! 

"Nina..." I say pinching the bridge of my nose before Ura DOES go ape shit and taking a deep breath to still my own patience. "... Why don't you focus more on how you're going to own up to this instead worrying about us being angry with you? Haven't you noticed that we HAVE been angry for a LONG time and we never given you shit for it? Give us a damn break man! When Natalia comes back I want a family reunion! EVERY single Mirabal, no mates! We have become the leaders of this pack and the harmony of our family will affect it! And I'm telling you right now sister one of those things is your relationship with Bayo! So I suggest you do a little soul searching and listen to your mate whom you're very lucky to have! I can already tell he has it more figured out than you!" She has this solem face. And looks at both Ura and me and nods before looking down.

"Let's just go ok? I'm pretty sure that even at THIS hour Frey wants to take a shower and breastfeed Nyma as much as I want to with my pups. Nina chill ok? You're still our sister AND a Circle member, THINK! Even with all our anger AT YOU we never forget your our fucking SISTER and we love your cunt ass self! MAYBE somewhere in that artistic brain of yours you can figure out how to reach out to your brother! We ALL lost the chance to make things square with Mami, Dad, hell EVEN TIO! Ok?! They and even Tía have allowed this to go for too long, look at Umbros relationship with Lola! This family is a damn mess and it's up to US to fix it! Understood?!" Antoine already has his arms giving her comfort for this task she knows she must do.

"Understood... I'll take care of it. I'll link you tomorrow... Do you want to brainstorm?" Brainstorm? She can actually DO THAT?

"I have to get those other damn tattoos tomorrow, come over and we'll see what we can come up with for the reunion not the particulars. Ok sister? We can have lunch with a couple of beers, savvy?" I NEED Talia and Maco HERE for this, their the main peace keepers of our family... If in the next Council meeting I don't have a proposal from the Saint Germaines I will have to summon Augustus Saint Germaine to Court to explain himself! I REALLY don't want to have to go there.

I could join the team in India and let them see me rein fire and brimstone upon them, I'm so impatient... Something is coming soon... Something I've been waiting for! And then I feel the burn!

"SON OF A BITCH! ARE YOU SHITTING ME?!" I gave out with a roar holding the back of my neck. They all come over and Ura lifts my braid up.

"It's another mark!" I'm sooooo Done! 

"Ok, FINE! Take a picture, let's see it!" Antoine takes a picture and shows me. What? It's a dot surrounded by a circle. 

"Izzy what is it?" Ura asks. I look around us as if HE would just appear... I'm not a Priestess of HIS service. And didn't he go missing centuries ago?

"IZZY?!" Frey now asking with more urgency.

"It's the symbol for the Sun! It's... Ura check and see if there's a note pad or something in the cars, we can't say it out loud, we should never say out loud the name of a God we don't want to summon!" He goes and finds some paper in the Mustang and I swallow deep... It's got Dad's handwriting! And I'm forgetting what I'm thinking, I can't stop looking at it! I light my Priestess Mark yellow, Ura was holding me. Bayo and the other Betas come out with Phoebe, Jolene and Kendra who were chanting a very old incantation to soothe a Priestess. Ura carries me into the inner court yard at the entrance of The Fort and sits me on one of the coral stone benches next to column by one of the various pools that looks like a tropical Roman Bathe... I have to admit, Nina out did herself!

"What's wrong Izzy?!" Bayo asks me with Shomari and Janaína soothing me.

"Bayo behind her neck man!" Ura tell him, and I feel Bayo about to say HIS name...

"SILENCE BETA!" With my Alpha voice and write down the name on paper next to Dad's writing... His writing... When was it the time I read something with his hand writing?

Bayo nods at me and I see him link to the rest and they look concerned.

"Is that who's after Izzy?" Ura asks, but... I don't feel fear from Apollo, and just saying his name in my head fills me with joy!

"No... He's near... Somehow... But, I don't feel fear of him." Apollo?

"Ok, so what riled you up?!" Bayo asks.

"Look next to the name... We found Abuelo's car, it's just... It all happened at once." I'm calmed down now and splashed some water on my face.

"Dad... This recipe is from the day before Mt. Cemí. Dad never kept recipes for little things, he left it as a note:

'I got you the good stuff mija, have fun changing the oil, and please tell Ura to be careful, your Mom will kill me if he ruins the new couch! Let me know when you want to change the rims!'

Bayo can't rip his eyes from it... Ura takes a better look at it.

It's just a simple any day note... Nothing and everything special about it. A reminder of how our lives changed SO drastically from one day to another! Nina saw it and gasped and forgotten was the new Mark. I can feel a tear coming out, Ura sits and holds me and Nina comes too and I take her in my arms. We see Bayo open the trunk of The Mustang outside and right there's the new oil and other stuff he knew we wanted to add on. He threw it far away roaring at it... The only way we can vent... Our enemy not knowing we WILL have satisfaction! He came to us and took us all in his arms. And in turn we were embraced by the sound of the night, the sound of the coquí singing in the darkness reminding us the there too is beauty in the dark. Suania ran down with Nasser and saw us, Bayo handed her the note her eyes filling up with tears as she read it, Nasser went to her but she came to us going in Nina's arms. Maco walks up with Amelia and a cup cake impaled by 20 candles! Suania gives him the note and he reads it in silence, now with a dark face. He looks at Amelia while she nods and he let's go of her and he joins our collective hug of pain.

"Nina... Do you understand NOW, what we need?" I'm so full of rage. Pain. Regret.

"Crystal..." She says solemnly.

"Izz, we brought you a cake. I thought you might like that since you fucking hate it!" It must have looked nice before the candles.

"Really Maco? A Pinhead cake?" Suania says in disappointment.

"It's fine, I'll give it to my son! Izzy you're going to have to suck up your birthday phobia cuz it's also your nephew's birthday!" We all look at him and run to his rooms! 

Morgana is cooing at a hefty newborn with black hair and soft lips, we all collectively inhale his scent already feeling him in our Felial Bond, a new member of our house just at the moment we exhale saying goodbye to the ones who are gone. Freya's overwhelmed and Ura takes her in his arms as I hold on to my sisters. Maco is holding Amelia and Bayoán coming from behind and putting his arms around Nasser and Tony. Tia Ayiti and Isla come inside with Nyma and the twins and Maco hands Ayiti Dad's note while taking his daughter and she looked at it for a moment pressing her lips hard she passed it to Isla who handed Deacon over to Tony... she put her hand to her face, they held each other's hand going to Morgana. This is OUR family! We're super fucked up! We MUST be ONE UNIT! THIS is how our little pack survives! 
###chapter 131: The Gambit
Loiza's POV

"FUCK the Saint Germaines! I have a BETTER plan instead of STEALTHING our way of getting the rest of OUR KIN BACK! No more of just taking in refuges without hunting THEM down! Tía I know how to get them out while showing The Council we're done with their shit! I'm sick of these stupid attacks! Bayoán, Morgana, love you both but I need you now brother! We have to leave ASAP Morgana... I need him now, please don't kill me!" The woman just gave birth but I feel it HAS TO BE NOW!

"Are you going to get those fuckers?" She asks with daggers in her eyes.

"Oh yeah! VERY!" I smirk at her with a raised eyebrow.

"Happy hunting and happy birthday Izz!" She rolls her eyes and looks at me like 'You know what I mean!'

"All of you stay here with Morgana, Bayo, Ura, Maco, Tony, Tía, wake everyone up! We're going to HQ I hav---" And suddenly Víctor runs up and asks what was going on, he felt the comotion through the Beta back link.

"Víctor! Go back and finish your Heat we got this!" He finished buttoning his shirt.

"We finished yesterday! We just took advantage of our last day, what's going on?!" Even better, I NEED all four! Tía goes change while her and the others are linking everyone to meet at HQ ASAP! it was almost 1:00 am... We can pull this off!

"Dude we'll tell you on our way, Izzy thinks she has a plan for the India Extraction!" Bayo says. Víctor looks at me with a frown.

'Izz what are you thinking? I KNOW how far you can go. Remember sweetheart I know your DARKEST side as you know mine.' It's true. He knows things so dark I never even told Ura, I knew it would terrify him. But Víctor loved my sometimes macabre imagination, he read my books and he would study my notes while on the plane on way to a mission and I his, he always had a new one he thought I would love. I remember the gorgeous scowl he would make when reading, one or two Auburn curls covering his right hazel eye. Auburn... No, that's not HIS hair, right texture, wrong color... Why did I think of that?

We go to the cars and head downtown... 'Victor, you actually ARE one of the people who knows me best! So use your imagination!' He seems unsettled, I hope so. This move could be viewed and deconstructed in not just the supernatural world, but the human one as well.

Everyone is running around OPIA getting back to their posts as we head to the main conference room and I take head chair as Gloria is at the other side. The room was packed, I needed EVERYONE on board for this!

"Sorry for waking you up so late. But the group in India can't wait any longer. I'm DONE with this childish bullshit from The Council! These attacks are a joke with not a single strategic thought behind them! Let's show these mother fuckers what a REAL coordinated blood bath looks like! I have a plan to hit back hard and make the enemy retreat to full defense mode, avenge our dead and put The Council in check! But I NEED to know that I count with every one of you! ARE YOU WITH ME IN FUCKING THESE ASSHOLES UP OSUPA?!" They reminded me of the Troyans, He used to love Troy.

"ALPHA ARRRUFF!"

"Director! I need a map with EVERY Warewolf High Council ###chapter." The lights dim and we get the turquoise holographic planetary map.

"Now show me the ones with our operatives." Only a few red dots turn off.


Víctor's POV

We are looking at the map, but I look at her... Izz what's in that head of yours?

"So we have about 68% occupation right now correct?" Her eyes are so focused on the map, I know she's sorting out the puzzle. I have seen that look so many times before. It really used to turn me on!

"That's correct Cacique!" Gloria tells her.

"How many people would you say occupy those buildings total and how many cities around the world?" Izzy, what are you going for here?!

"78 ###chapters, about 30,000 people Cacique." Is she SERIOUS?

"That would be basically triple the amount of the people on our side that they actually wanted to destroy correct?" We had talked about it, but to actually DO IT...

"That is correct Cacique." She's going through with it! Fuck yeah! I'm already running the numbers in my head and link the others to help me out.

"Do our people have everything they need for the complete destruction of the ###chapter they occupy? I'm talking not even leaving a trace for human forensic divisions." This has always been a Gambit she never wanted to play, looks like she doesn't care anymore. Bayoán and the others linked me what happened. I still have my sister's last voice mail on my phone, she sounded so happy... I can't erase it. My brother Vincente still has Mom's bracelet that she had the day before. She had taken off while having dinner, she would always do that.

"Always Alpha!" Gloria answers with a growing smile already understanding Izz's plan.

"Good! I want every single operative we have to prepare to perform a coordinated attack throughout the planet for a controlled implosion of EVERY single one of those buildings, I want the correct schematics so we don't hurt any single human building. There might be casualties but I want to keep it at a minimum. They already gathered the additional information we need so tell them to come back home once they're done we need to ensure no images of them be at the disposal of ANY of those countries. While The Council is dealing with the pandemonium of the attacks, we will extract Chandrama. We need those rogues attacking gone. Give me a plan to get them to the Sea these are over 7,000? Correct? I want The Council to bleed, I want them to be terrified of even hunting anyone that wants to ally themselves with us! I want them on the run!" The room went silent... It reminded me of her with Chairman Tiago's daughters... I didn't think she would REALLY do anything and now looking back I think she WOULD have taken their hands. She hasn't dealt with her pain and as Alpha, she carries ALL of OUR collective pain too. Yet I felt it... WE ALL felt it! She was opening her link to SHOW us the pain she has been holding. The one we have been ALL holding... We take a collective breath.

Silence... We could only hear our own hearts pounding in our heads. Our memories of that day.

"What? You're not comfortable with my plan? Would you have felt uncomfortable if I would have been male? I am a werewolf! We are what nightmares are made of, we are the angels of death to those who dare even think of harming our people so if anybody has a problem with this plan I suggest you speak up now!" We all exhale. Through the Link I feel that everyone is shocked by what she proposed, yet we are ALL remembering our pain, when we had to collect whatever remains were left of those we loved. Some started to hold hands, I felt Janaína's hand in mine... I looked at our matching aquamarine eyes. She wasn't Osupa when Mt. Cemí blew, yet she feels my pain and I feel hers for those lost in Brazil.

We were all holding each other in a way looking at the map and then General Braka roared waking us back to reality! He took a knee before Izz and we all followed. I am still running numbers holding Jana in my arms, she's backing my calculations. Shomari and Bayoán are playing all the scenarios and we are linking Gloria and Izzy our every assessment.

"It shall be as you command Cacique! At what time do you want to strike?!" Braka asks, receiving all our data.

She smiles... "That's simple... So that they KNOW it's US I want this melody to begin at EXACTLY 4:30 am OUR time!" The time THEIR attack on us started.

The room explodes in massive howling! Gloria starts giving commands out to EVERY comm to contact our people.

"General, is the First Regiment standing by?" The First Regiment? When did she give THAT order?

"As ordered Cacique!" She lets us in her mind... In every single extraction her and Braka always had additional back up, however, since we had the back up of Avalon with Priestesses it was never needed. But THIS... This was VENGEANCE! This was personal.

"They wanted our wealth, they wanted our tech, they, like those who took our lands and HUNTED and ENSLAVED our ancestors centuries ago to near extinction, we will teach THEM THAT WE ARE OSUPA!!! We survived the colonizers! We survived The FUCKING Great War! We survived The Warewolf Council's treachery! FUCK SURVIVAL! We are the HUNTERS AGAIN and they are our DAMN PREY! Let this be a warning to the entire supernatural world! THE MINUTE YOU MAKE YOUR FIRST MOVE AGAINST US WILL BE YOUR ONLY MOVE!" I looked at Bayoán... We felt it... The WHOLE island was awake! The Link was humming alive as the wings of a bumblebee in the hive. The entire pack was ready to HUNT, the natural instinct of our Primal animal alert and prowling.

Every operative was standing by preparing the explosives. We were already sending every single one of them an exit plan from the country they were at! The techs were hacking into every single satellite connection on the planet hacking into the system to erase any trace that remains of our people. We hacked into their own intelligence agencies through back doors they didn't even know they had. Stalking... The entire pack was feeling the natural instinct to stalk, feeding those in command to take the leap for the collective to feed off the pray!

I could see Izzy's eyes molten gold, she was running through every single scenario in harmony with Aryn! Damn she always looked sexy when she did that! Every time I would read her notes I knew she was going to be something amazing. Would I have been able to handle a mate like this? Can Kayden? If Gaia herself mated them it means HE can do this too, Izz only had an edge because of her education! The last time we were on a mission with Ura, Lola and Sammy, we all looked like KIDS as she would tell the stories of everything that we thought was a myth and legend. We would sit late into the night in front of the fire drinking whatever booze we had in hand and she always had the best weed, her voice alone was a spell! This is truly when we actually heard her voice, she used to be so silent... I send this message through our Beta Link. They all know what I had with Izzy, when we did synchronization training we completely synchronized ourselves and all of our minds were open to each other. It was pretty embarrassing with her brother! But still they were able to access a part of her that they never knew about.

'We have to get them together at once! If this is successful it could either go really good or really bad and we have to be ready for that scenario. Having Blood Moon with us and them together could make a difference a very big one! I guess the Goddess didn't disappoint me after all! He is GRAND indeed it's just that he wasn't as educated as her, but I have a sense he's already accessed EVERYTHING. Look let's focus on THIS now we already know our next move after, now we have to solve the puzzle with her we are her backup!' We are all in agreement.

We go to the map, each of us studying different parts of the globe and which operatives were already in place. We have to make sure that they had an exit plan, we are Osupa Warriors, we're trained that every single second is extremely valuable! It's always best to take the very minute you have the idea and move the collective just as it is with a Kappa, inspiration can leave at any moment. This is OUR art! And she was inspired by her pain to strike her brush stroke back as hard as possible! Each and every one of us is getting in tune with our own wolf. I had only read once about this! Kumo is with me! I can even feel the Saint Germaines feeling of shame but we're all willing to drop it to ensure the win of the main goal. The hive mind is in tune, all of our minds feeding our Alpha, her eyes shinning red with that new moon Mark in her forehead.

Already every scenario for the pack in India to move out is in place, there will be a massive power outage... Obviously with the commotion that's going to be happening worldwide it's only going to be a glitch. And that's when we move the pack to the closest airport! Again we are using a worldwide terrorist event to take all of the attention away from us! That is OUR stealth! That's how we stay invisible! The other event will be global so a power outage in India with thousands of giant wolves will be dismissed as mass hysteria. We will ensure that there is no evidence we were ever there. We will become the loch Ness Monster, Bigfoot, The Yeti. With the First Regiment there, there is enough people to fly the pack out!

She looks over at me and signals for me to go with the others to her.

"What do you guys think? Do you see any glitch? I'm running the numbers as best I can." Her numbers are actually on point she even has 2 minutes to spare! And now I see what Bayo meant of her having part of her mind think like a Beta. I don't know, from what I remember of her mind has ALWAYS been like that.

"Izzy you have 2 minutes to spare do you have anything that you want to add or is just leftover time?" She looks thoughtful.

"No, that's fine. I just wanted to double check. We have less than an hour!" Her eyes are still gold fully focused that's how everyone's eyes must be right now, the color of their Wolf. We can even feel those who aren't wolves... We feel the mermaids alert, even the vampires. And it's Harmony!
###chapter 132: 4:30 A.M.
Loiza's POV

It's one minute to 4:30, we are ready, everyone is in place, the board is set. 

It's not necessarily power what I feel right now from the pack, it's harmony. Through the link even Augustus Saint Germaine asked for forgiveness, I told him we would speak later but that was trivial right now we are ONE people, we have to work together! That's how the pack survives. A lot of the operatives are from their family so I understand their apprehension as they do mine, but they are focused. 

4:30 Karaya Time: Controlled explosions are happening through the world. London, Paris, Dubai, Shanghai, Tokyo, Sydney, Buenos Aires, Lima, México City, New York, Philadelphia, Johannesburg,Toronto, among others. The human press is going ballistic! No government knows who to blame. It's chaos! And it's glorious! They did not expect anything like this, they think we would actually sit this one out and wait for them to retaliate what we did in London?! This Is war motherfuckers. I'm still leaving their ###chapters in Washington DC, Barcelona, Moscow among others so that they can absolutely regroup if they want to. It wouldn't be very much fun to completely eradicate them. My prime animal was on the attack! I already know what they'll say about me in the supernatural world, and the humans don't even know what's going on. Their governments are turning into turmoil. 

In India the first regiment is already in the move with the pack on the way to the airport... The complete blackout in effect! Tía is in contact with Natalia, I look at Ura and we exhale knowing that our cousin is safe!

"Mami?! Before the lights went out the news was reporting on the explosion of a Council ###chapter in New Delhi, was it us?!" Oh Talia get the fucking plane!

"Talia, mija get the damn plane! This is our best shot the eyes of the world are all over the world! Move out!" Thank you Tía! I go to her, now it's up to each and every single one of our operatives on the outside go to work. Every single operative was being extracted or moved to safe houses through back channels. The hackers were on point verifying every single bit of information we wanted erased. Any video, any selfie, any jpeg file with our image was to be a simple memory, partial paranoia between everyone.

We have done it before. In the past the legend of the Bermuda triangle used to work like a charm, but humans are studying more, some are less superstitious. It's so surprising how much it still works to this day! Oh well.

5:57 a.m. The UN, NATO and Interpol have conveyed an emergency reunion, so far the humans are blaming several terrorist group for the attacks but since several countries that they are blaming harbor these terrorists have also been attacked they are pushing back. I remember yawning, why were humans like this? Instead of focusing on any survivor or trying to gather information the first thing they did was blame each other. Get your head together first before you start shooting dumbasses! 

So far 84% of our operatives have been extracted or moved to a safe place. The pack in India is already on its way! And even with such a massive event, it was still so insignificant compared to what was happening globally that nobody was really paying any attention to it! It was just like a fly while you were trying to read the newspaper. Hundreds of planes stolen from an international airport in one of the cities that was attacked, but since they had no power and they were dealing with the attack they was really nothing they could do.

At this point every time an operative relays that they have been extracted, or at a safe house or on their way home there is a collective cheer throughout the hive mind. There are two operatives that had problems with their explosives, but it's fine two less won't make a difference to this chaos! We told them to move out. Because of the massive global effect, we made sure that the planes were cloaked and we had every single transmissions coming and going from different towers throughout the world so that we are very clear from any other planes and since we're hacked into major military agencies we also know the ones that carry their own stealth.

6:34 a.m. EVERY operative is accounted for, the planes are on their way, with their way clear as every other plane has been grounded by every country but we don't have a problem since ours cannot be detected we have a device that we can attach to the black box to basically cloak that specific stolen craft. By this time it will take roughly 19 hours for them to arrive and our satellite is tracking them closely to make sure that their way is safe, humans are very unpredictable. The last thing we need is for them to launch a nuclear warhead right now, although our spies in their governments say that they are just in complete chaos no country has yet to decide on their nukes. That's actually a very good thing. So far so good. Every other spy we have around the supernatural world is informing that they already know it's us and they are a little nervous! They damn better!

In the human world the 24-hour news cycle has not stopped. Not a single terrorist group wants to take blame to it. I don't know, maybe it's just me but if you really want to instill terror you might as well take the blame for THIS! Oh well, humans are really not my concern right now. They were merely another pawn. But all in all for us at least, everything is going according to plan. I start stretching out, yeah I'm really sleepy now and I remember I didn't breastfeed the pups. I remember that on that day at this time I also was falling asleep, for a different reason of course.

"Ok guys that earns a 'Good boy!' to everyone in the pack! Do you guys understand now how important it is for us to put our petty bullshit aside and work together? Look what we achieved today! And we did it together. Now if you all excuse me this little Alpha really wants to take a shower and go to sleep wake me up if only if it's something absolutely important or I'll be really pissed!" I feel the collective breath of relief of the pack and determination to see what we really can do!

"How many times did we go through the scenario and you said I would never have the guts to actually go through with this if I ever lead! Ha!" Victor just looks at me and laughs! Ura hugs me picking me up going ballistic!

"Dude that was insane!" I see Freya to the side and she looks happy but she looks tired and I know the feeling. Whatever we are, we're still breastfeeding and we really need the scent of our pups. I feel his scent through our children and it soothes me. We reach home and after showering and breastfeeding the babies, Isla sits with me while I eat breakfast asking me how I feel.

"Mamá right now I'm trying not to. I just hope that the measures that I took upon me help bring some closure to the pack we're still hurting and I admit I am one of them I have let this go by. I know you have trying to tell me a few times already. I saw your proposal for the memorial we had talked about but I hadn't put it into play. I'll leave it in your hands, Luna. This is something that needs of your loving care. She smiles at me holding my hand and we don't say anything, she knows I'm tired. She leaves me to sleep taking the pups away as the soft breeze of the Caribbean lulls me to sleep with the song of the ocean and the warmth of the rising Sun.
###chapter 133: The Global Terrorists
Kayden's POV

When I got up at before Dawn to send the summon to Moira I feel a strange commotion from Izz's side. I am feeling commotion ALL OVER THE GLOBE! I get dressed and go downstairs where there's a small growing group plastered in front of the T.V.

It shows that at 4:30 am there was a MASSIVE GLOBAL terrorist attack, but on closer inspection of the buildings...

"That's the Boston, ###chapter of The Council, ALL the buildings attacked are ###chapters of The Warewolf High Council!" Marcus comes up from behind, everyone in the massive room looking at him.

"All? Was this The Luna and her pack Alpha?" Someone asks, I keep looking at the apocalyptic scenes and I look into the Bond. The minute I remembered WHO I AM, Izzy got MY MARK behind her neck, it started a chain reaction of events!

"Yes. This is The Osupa's vengeance against The Council... They wanted over 10,000 of their people dead, and even though they failed in those numbers, The Osupa are paying back threefold. The Alpha received another devine Blessing which inspired her to tap in deep into the heart of the pack, which created pure balance and harmony, giving them the power to achieve this! Look at the time of the attacks... 4:30 a.m. Atlantic time, it was at THAT time The Council attacked The Osupa! It's also a warning to anyone who might THINK about messing with them to think about it a bit more, they might just end up extinct or close to it! Add to that that they used their vengeance as a distraction for an extraction of another pack in India! Make sure everyone in this pack sees this! Your Luna is no Luna! She is a FUCKING QUEEN gifted to us by the Goddess! I fucked up as her mate, as did the pack with the slaves, and in her love for us has forgiven me and has forgiven Blood Moon... Are we really going to reject her mercy and protection again?!" The room keeps filling up, everyone spreading the news of the Osupa's decimation of The Council.

"Dude have you ever seen this?!" "By the Goddess just link Mom and explain it was The Osupa!" "Was this seriously The Osupa?!" "Yo, I'm telling you! We should join them!" "And here we're told revenge is in Dish better serve cold and Osupa totally lit up The Council!" "Does anybody have marshmallows?"

My beautiful Nymph has always given Athena a run for her money... That's why my cunt sister despises her so much! If she knew who the mastermind behind this was she would be enraged.

"Kayden, this is INSANE! How did she do THIS?!" That's right remember that your Kayden! She's Izz. Shit the Dawn!

"Marcus I have to go to the shrine, meet me after for breakfast ok?" Please brother...

"Ok, I'll try to get as much info as I can!" I let him... I already know everything. I go to the shrine and look to the east for the first ray of light. C'mon Helios! I told you this would be simple for you son, I'll have your mother by my side soon! And the moment I see him I light the bowl with the snap of my fingers and the flames turn yellow and the smoke smelling of a sunflower field with that smooth creamy scent. She better not leave me waiting!

I go back to the pack house and meet up with Marcus for breakfast. We're in the conference room with Adam, Avis, Gabriel and Leo. I look at all of them while drinking down some orange juice...

"Do you guys have any questions or anything?" I'm trying to adapt to be Kayden again, this always was easier for her! Usually I wake first but she helps both of us get our bearings together... She is of water after all, I, the unyielding Sun!

"Sooooo, ummm, yeah... I guess what we saw them do in London was a snippet of the tip of the iceberg. Where do we sign up to learn to do THAT?!" Of course Adam would absolutely LOVE this! Marcus looks like breakfast is not on his mind at all. He has this weird nervous tic sometimes where he just lies his head on his hand and scratches his forehead for the longest time when he cannot believe something. His Beta mind is trying to process this as much as possible.

I'm scarfing down some eggs and bacon merrily, I'm always hungry when I wake up! Man coffee here IS terrible, I really want her NOW!

"Yup! Hadn't any of you heard the old tales about them? Everyone and their mother knew that it would be suicide to attack Karaya Island, and if anybody else in the supernatural world is thinking of doing any move they have gone and lost their minds! But I'm pretty sure it would be a FUN challenge for The Osupa." Damn you she-elf! Get your ass here NOW!

"Marcus are you still with us?" I asked my... Brother. That's right! He is my brother! This doesn't change anything. Like I'm sure it won't change anything for her with her siblings. She is always allowed all of her lives to flow like water, I really need her she usually is so good at guiding me with this! Damn you Moira get here now!

"Yeah I'm fine it's just that I'm trying to run all the numbers of how they actually pulled this off! It was 76 ###chapters y'all! And it was completely done synchronized and from what I heard there wasn't a single human casualty and the humans can't figure anything out because those buildings appear under ghost corporations they don't know of. The humans can't find any evidence AT ALL that links it to the supernatural world... It was a flawless victory! How will we be able to join them and not look the fools?" Oh Marcus, that is not like you.

"I'm sorry Marcus, but foolish would be NOT to join them! If we have the shot that we do because Kayden is mate to Loiza, I say hell yeah we take it! We don't know what's going to happen now in the supernatural world, hell we don't even know what's going to happen in the human world now! Goddess knows this has triggered a major global chaos. We're sitting ducks in Virginia! The location of Karaya is unknown to humans and even if The Werewolf Council does have it and shares it, I doubt anyone in the supernatural world would risk it right now or EVER!" Avis gives his opinion and he's on the mark.

"He's right! Marcus they're not the type to mock people. Scratch that they mock each other without a problem, but it's usually joking. When I was extremely ignorant of everything and I sat with Izz, she was patient and was explaining things nonchalantly. I don't remember her having any mocking tone at all, she did however say that if I kept questions that would actually keep me dumb. The Osupa have received people of our pack, Blue Moon and other packs which were not raised like they were and look what they achieved! For something like this to be done, every single man woman and child of the pack was needed Marcus... You've already seen her mind, do you really think she will treat anybody who is sworn to her in such a way?" Damn it Moira!

'Alpha! The Lady Moira is at the shrine!' FINALLY!

'I'm on my way!' I take a sip of water. Why am I so nervous? I've already done this hundreds of times...

As I walk towards the shrine I noticed she wears a yellow cloak.. Very, very smart of you elf!

She looks at me with that Stone face of hers as I walk her way, who is she kidding with that face?! I remember when she was a baby! There was one time I used to think she was adorable! And here I have to keep a straight face knowing my dear brother in law tapped that! Ha!

"I see you didn't bring my bow!" Ares wouldn't have gotten this disrespect!

"Alpha Kay---" Ugh!

"Cut the shit Moira! I'm AWAKE! Who ELSE would send for you like that and you know not to fuck around!" Yeah, like last time!

"My Lord--" My mind is all jumbled, I NEED her!

"Nevermind take me to her at once! I want that Block down!" NOW!

"My Lord everything was done according to your contract with Gaia and Selene, I just need to look upon the symbol to move forward." I take off my shirt, I swear she always gets pleasure from this... And right on my shoulder below Loiza's Mark is my birthmark in red: a dot surrounded by a circle. MY symbol. Finally she kneels before me.

"My Lor--" Mate!

"I don't care Moira, take me to her NOW!" I NEED her scent!

She looks like she's in a conundrum. I'm growling low at this point.

"WELL?" After hundreds of times the small talk gets old and my patience grows thinner!

She opens a portal and I link Marcus that I'm going to negotiate with The Osupa... we are in The Fort but in the Betas' office.

"Wait here My Lord, I shall get Bayoán. It's Morgana's spell." I recline against the window that looks out to Karayita.

"Then go! I'll be here." She runs out... That's better! I can already smell her, I can smell my pups. She's so tired, I'll take care of that at once! I can smell Bayoán on his way with Moira, where's Morgana? She can perform this after giving birth with no problems, one of my gifts to mortals is health! I have to be Kayden with Bayoán, she loves her family of this life, I know her enough that she won't give them up.

"Kayden? Hey!" He comes to me to shake my hand, who am I kidding? He was an asshole but he is devoted to his family and I know how much he loves my woman. What they did is impressive, even to a God!

"Bayo!" And I just go and hug the dumbass! And he is still with the excitement of his newborn son and them handing The Council their asses, goes ahead and hugs me back!

"Yo! First congrats on the next Beta! And two! Holy fuck that was so bad ass! I felt it through her!" His adrenaline still racing.

"I'm still recovering! It was just all at once! We have never been in THIS level of harmony! Víctor walks in and he reads the air and I go to shake his hand and yet it's him this time he hugs me! And I notice I remember bits of last night, they ALL had contact, it wasn't just Filial, it was the ENTIRE ISLAND. It's SACRED, Hollowed land and they worship Gaia in her many forms, so they ALL feed from her power.

"Víctor you fucker! I FELT it! That was intense!" They both had the happiest grin.

"Oh man, I TOLD these idiots her brain is a scary place but NOW they understand! Yo Bayo! YOU should know how those assholes feel! You ALSO know what it feels like to have your ass handed to you by her!" We laughed at that, I actually laughed! I CAN do this! I can be me again!

I look at Bayo: "Dude I have been in her brain and trust me you don't even know what you're dealing with! And now that I do and did my homework I feel pretty good about it and that's why I'm here! My Lady if you would!" You BETTER make them let me see her now!

"Betas, we are here because it is time. Loiza's Block MUST come down NOW!" They look at her as if she had lost her mind.

"My Lady believe me we are working on getting the block off but so suddenly? Are you sure about this?" Bayoán asks her. I keep understanding why Selene loves these above all other werewolf packs, they're the ones who actually live by the rules of their prime animal. The animals she gave them, the spirit that resides within them. These above all respect and live cohesively with their wolf and its nature.

"Beta you must trust the will of the Goddess in this, the time has come this must be done!" They look at each other apprehensively but as if instinctual as it is in a loyal pack they follow nature. And they accept the Blessings of the Goddesses.

"Right this way! Good luck man! If you guys can get over this and bring your pack over it will be better sooner rather than later. There's going to be chaos among the humans now, we don't want to imagine how the world is going to turn out right now. Here is the safest place! And she will need you for what is to come!" Both of them escort Moira and myself to her rooms, I know she's asleep but I tell Moira to dismiss them I don't want to be disturbed. And she tells them to obey the Alpha's mate! Ha! I knew I would get something like that! I opened the double doors and it is as I saw in my mind's eye, she is asleep, she's so tired. But she needs to wake now, when she wakes we will be able to feed from each other like we always do. I'm energized I can give her some of my life force right now.

I order Moira to wake her and she goes to my mate.
###chapter 134: The Awakening
Loiza's POV

I think I'm in a dream I smell him so closely!

"Loiza! Wake up! You must Wake up now child!" What the hell? I'm awake! Seriously do I ever get to rest around here?!

"Stop with your witty comebacks in your head do you think I never hear them?!" Oh uh! And HE'S RIGHT THERE! I stand up in attention immediately and throw my arms around his neck and he takes me up in his arms and kisses me! I feel so much energy rush over my body the moment I touch him. But I feel something is different yet familiar at the same time. He can't stop kissing me but Moira coughs to interrupt us!

"My Lord this thing must be done, but first we must tell her some basics. Or else we can overwhelm her you know how this works." My Lord? What the hell is going on here? Like seriously can't I have one day for a damn break?

"Izzy I swear to the Goddess why is it that you find the joke and something funny in everything even moments that are serious?!" Oh man! I have a clap back for that too my brain is still working a mile a minute from earlier! Wow, Moira is FOCUSED! And I can't stop myself from laughing because I know she's going to know! So why the hell not! And I don't see any point on hiding from Kayden. She faced palms herself and he laughs.

"Does she have a clap back for that too?" He asks smiling calmly. Okay I'm starting to freak out here what's going on?

"She does My Lord, same as always, you will start to remember soon. She is as you have always loved her." Her insistence on calling him My Lord is unsettling. Just because he is the Goddesses's Executioner does not Grant him the title of Lord. And she can see that I'm already putting the pieces of the puzzle together and she yells me to 'STOP!' and I literally feel my brain stopped working! Was that an Alpha command?! And now I start to become nervous without my mind I am nothing! Kaden comes to hold me so that I calm down.

Moira's light of serenity is shining very bright! I don't ever remember seeing it that bright! My heart felt as light as a feather and with Kayden holding me completely filling with his warmth.

"Loiza we came to bring down the Block it is time it must be done now!" I feel the sudden fright... Wait a minute, I thought that's what I wanted.

"Izzy, listen to me this is how it's always been, you will understand soon but you must trust us. He is your mate! And I have guided you since you were a child, no matter how how much you ever joked, or those joyrides to the Úngar Plains to ride unicorns, yes I knew! I have done everything according to how the gods commanded me... All three of them." Three? Who is the other? And then I remember behind my neck and I look at Kayden... wait! My eyes were as saucers, my hand to the back of my neck...! Didn't I always think that he did look like the representation of the descriptions of the god Apollo? There must be something in my calculations earlier, I REALLY fucked up, my brain must be FRIED!

I'm looking at him square in the eyes and I can almost feel it... it's right in the tip of my tongue.

He takes my hand in his and kisses them gently it relaxes me again trying not to break eye contact, his heat warming me up.

"Okay Moira order them to lower the block completely!" He ordered her. I start FEELING for HIM STRONGLY again. I'm just looking straight into his eyes and breathing deeply.

"My Love you cannot keep that on, if you keep waiting it will consume you the moment it does come off, it has to be now. Never before have we had to face this problem. Ok?" I nod yet not understanding yet, I feel so close!

"Izz look into the Bond, the mist on my side will start clearing off and you're going to be able to see many strings. To hasten this I specifically highlighted ONE, I need you to reach for it sweetheart okay? I'm right here Moira's right here as well." Okay what rabbit hole did I walk into?

"LOIZA!" Moira hisses!

"Hades FINE! Ok, yellow?!" I hate it when everybody gets so damn cryptic why can't anybody just say what they have to say?! I look again into his eyes and focus, I go into the Bond and I do see very clearly now thousands of strings from me to him and one is highlighted in yellow, I reach out for it and it's the image of myself in the tiara! I let go and start hyperventilating! I start to panic! HE WILL FIND ME! I'D RATHER DIE! The ocean outside roaring more furiously! And once again Moira turns her light of serenity as strong as possible.

"Izz, Love you have only focused on it from YOUR perspective, you are my mate, you're also going to have to learn to see it through MY own eyes. You're going to have to look again and see through my eyes what I SEE when I see that image. C'mon 'code name Raven', you can't tell me that after what you guys pulled off this morning you can't do THIS!" I feel calm again yet my apprehension persists but not for Kayden, however I feel like I need to see. It's driving this crescendo of needs that I am about to find something that I have been looking for a long time. So I surrender and go in again and reach out at the yellow string. And I see the image again and I feel no fear, I feel devotion, I feel nostalgia, yearning, longing, it brings back of memory of a long time ago when we had at the manor overlooking the Aegean Sea. He didn't want me to be away from what I love and I have always loved the sea.

I let go of them both I look at Moira and then I look at him. I walk to him looking at him up and down... It's right there, he already knows, he's awakened first but puts me in charge of this part! Why does he always do this?! No matter how many times I teach him! And I look at him again and I gulp hard. I'm getting dizzy, Kayden holds me as I almost buckle. So many memories flowing in me with the strength of The Nile! MY HEAD!

"AHHH! WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO ME!" There's joy, but so much PAIN!

Moira shines her Mark even more, Kayden holds me tying to still my emotions and I inhale the sent of fresh rain and pine and now I catch it, that nutty scent of sunflowers! That's the scent of Helios... My son? I'm so confused.

"My Lord, maybe I can get Gai--" He shushed her! Kayden is shushing Moira? Not Kayden... Ugh!

"Breathe Love, focus on the sound of my voice... Remember who you are! Loiza, why did you Mark me on my shoulder?" I close my eyes and keep inhaling his scent... Why DID I Mark his shoulder? Aryn is purring with the voice of whale song! I focus on the growing roar of the ocean... It beckons me. I let go of Kayden and walk to the balcony...

"Loi--!" And he shushed her again!

"This is why I made sure that in spite of the risks, everytime she would be close to the sea... She loves to sea let it guide her!" I look back at him and he encourages me to go on.

I walk onto the balcony and look down at the waters... Massive pods of Orcas, dolphins and other porpoises and whales are singing, talking in their different languages and accents! I hear them welcoming me back... I can't stop looking at them. I feel my eyes taking in their beauty... Orcas... Aryn...

'I am remembering Izz! That's why he chose me as your wolf! To remind you of the Orcas, we used to...' '... Protect them!' Just like his golden horses pulled his chariot, it was the Orcas who pulled mine made of nácar! WHO AM I?" I look back at him and he is sitting on one of the couches sitting cross legged resting his head on his hand glaring intensely at me, waiting patiently for my brain to click.

"Moira leave us! Give instructions to the Betas that the Cacique isn't to be interrupted by anyone, then go to Blood Moon and explain to my brother that I will return soon to get the pack. Explain to them the risks of staying in Virginia and the safety of coming here and how VERY compromised and devoted Avalon is with protecting Karaya... I hope I don't have to instruct you on HOW to go about it!" He is giving full commands and instructions to Moira in a very calm tone, and yet, I'm not stunned by it anymore, she leaves following his command...

He has ALWAYS been like this. I look at the ocean again, I hear their calls, the clicks! I see SEALS swimming to the rocks below their own voices joining the chanting and the clear waters turn into a rainbow of fishes of every color swimming around the pods. The Mermaids join in the song in their own native language... I understand them ALL!

'Queen Amphitrite! Mother!' And I gasp taking in the air like if I was a fish out of water making me fall to the floor! He was by my side at once cradling me helping me catch my breath.

"Remember Love? That's why they always follow you, remember, it's because of you they breathe air!" What does it matter... They are still hunted, giving them that trait was to give them an edge for THEM to hunt and look at what they have done to my most treasured creatures! I feel their fear and pain. So much like wolves, the pod is life! All pieces of one puzzle, not only did I grant them the ability to breathe air, I gave them the ability to love, to strategize, to work in unity, to feel pleasure when they mate... Amphitrite, that's my name, he would just call me Phi! I look up at HIM! I KNOW HIM!

"Apollo?!" I say softly. He takes me in his arms and crashes his lips upon me.
###chapter 135:  The Puzzle Master
Loiza's POV

He parted to give me air. We were still sitting on the Cold Stone of the balcony, I could still hear the song of the ocean. It wasn't so loud anymore, they were here to help awaken me. They always have, they're loyalty to me has always been limitless. I abandoned them out of fear, and yet, I can never stay away. I hold on to his arm as he held on to me. Our bond was open now, he just doesn't remember my name, he always has this problem. Oh he will awaken first, but to put the pieces together he always comes to me! He doesn't have the patience, he just wants it done with, my beautiful and kneeling Sun, stubborn and even childish sometimes. He was an actual born God, I merely a Neriad... It was later when they forced me to marry that asshole that I was granted the title of Goddess.

"You still don't know MY name huh? We've been through this over a hundred times, and I will grant you this, again you are better at waking up but damn baby seriously?!" He looks at me surprised but smiling, of course! his eyes have always been jade! We swore never to change our physical appearance to find each other easier, but since we were in a mortal body it helped us escape those we wanted to leave behind. He looks like a little boy every time he gives me exactly that same goofy smile!

"So... you have it figured out?" He looks adorable! And I can't help myself but start laughing I stand up and go and get a bottle of wine.

"Baby I already know YOUR name if I know your name it means I already have solved MY end of the puzzle! By Gaia Love! Remember, start with remembering that yes you are Apollo but you're still YOU. Remember the wolf is what centers us to the planet. Our wolves carry our divine self, that's how you hunted them yourself! I always have to remind you of this! Come on!" He starts laughing that eternal boyish laugh of his.

"All right, all right! It's just that what happened this morning got my adrenaline pumping, I already had the Awakening and just wanted this done with! You know that the moment I remember all I have to do is give you a little nudge..." But this time I had the block on so yeah that little nudge was barely felt this time! No wonder he said we'd never have to deal with this before! Ugh!

"Did you ask Moira if there was a clerical mistake done somewhere about putting you inside a psychopathic Priestess?!" He goes through his questions in his mind and look at him still sitting on the floor of the balcony... oh boy.

"I seriously JUST called her! Please don't be angry at me I was desperate here!" I can't help but smile at his eternal impatientness. Such a stuck up brat! And he stands up and he starts walking over dusting himself off. He's something else!

"Fine well let's try to center Kayden because that's your life right now and that's what you have to accept! So be aware that I am not going to call you Apollo anymore unless special circumstances allow. And YOU have to remember my name because I can't give it to you, once you achieve that, you'll be completely in tune, I can give you tips so the rest you have to do on your own. Are you with me so far?" He's frowning quizzically... I sure hope he doesn't hurt himself! He is one of the main Greek gods and one of his main factions is knowledge and the arts. It's just that every single one that was born Divine for some reason has this instilled natural arrogance, they're a lot like elves! And since he hasn't had worshipers for pretty much thousands of years I guess it gets to a deity!

"Are you serious right now?! I totally heard that! Did you forget that now we don't have the block thing I can hear you all time?!" Well I'll be damned! That's absolutely right! Anyway...

"Touchè, moving on what we were at? You see that's fluidity honey. You don't keep infecting the wound. Now Focus! How are you feeling about the name Kayden and the persona?" He looks at me with a shocked face! Okay I'm starting to salivate here! His face relaxes and I could see his acceptance, very good!

"I don't know which one to adjust to?" Man that was stupid about the block! But seriously I don't know of anything else I would have made me keep on going. For other things my focus would just go haywire! And I was always taught to keep my powers in control.

"All right, well that makes it easier! We will focus on Kayden since you already know you are Apollo." I already told him I wouldn't call him by that name!

"Would you join me for a glass of wine Kayden?" I ask.

"I would." He responds with his intense glare, I swallow hard. And before I go for glasses he gets them and takes the bottle from my hand, he proceeded to uncorked the bottle and pours for both of us... I can't stop but stare at his long dark lashes while he is concentrated on his task. He pours some in each glass and he hands me one.

"Thank you." And I feel a little flushed by just that.

"What should we drink to?" He asks, he is taking his time, he is showing much more control than I saw in our stay at Blood Moon, he is letting Apollo ground him, letting Deacon, his spirit animal closer to the surface.

Aryn is focused especially with what happened earlier. So I decide to let his ears listen to us in unison so that he understands he is no longer a god but a mortal.

"Deacon! I know you can hear me, we need to you to center yourself and balance yourself more with Kayden. Don't focus on Apollo, you will receive information from him little by little. Focus on what you know. Don't lose yourself. Are you focused Kayden? Come on baby listen you asked what should we drink for? Remember? You tell me what do you think?" I'm feeling like I could probably pull off being a psychotherapist!

"Loiza, I'm sorry... I don't know what to say. I don't remember any mortal lifetime were I had to deal with these types of people. I thought I had left those people behind when I gave up my immortality... I'm very sorry that apparently this was the price for us to meet this lifetime. I really hope you don't hate me for it..." Was this really the price? To make me basically torture him?

I expected excuses or reproach, but nothing like that. Just a man asking the woman he loves for forgiveness. After almost a year as Cacique dealing with fake smiles, being careful with whom I trust and having to listen to endless political banter and people who don't know how to say things directly and just beat around the bush it was extremely refreshing to hear Kayden's simple request for forgiveness.

"Oh Kayden, I forgave you a long time ago.  The question lies, do you forgive me?" I asked looking away from his gaze.

"Forgive you? I have nothing to forgive you for Love." He says taking another sip of his wine.

"C'mon Kayden! I used the mate Bond to gather information, that in itself is reprehensible! I took the moment in which we were finally going to be one and awaken and I used it in favor of my pack." I put my face in my hands in shame. It was always during the ritual that we start to awaken, this time I used it to gather intel... I betrayed him just as much as he betrayed me.

"Yup, I slept like a rock for three days!" He says with a bitter chuckle while he swirls some wine in his glass. "Remind me never ever to get in your bad side again My Love, unless I have insomnia then do your worst! I still remember that night as the best one I have had so far in this lifetime Alpha." A huge smile painted across his face... What a cheeky bastard!

"Babe, whatever it is I forgive you already. I just don't want to be apart from you anymore Loiza. You are my mate I can't keep being away from you... I endured in the hope to hold you in my arms again."

"You're not mad at me?" He gets out of his chair and kneels in front of me, while I'm sitting on the divan so that he could look me in my eyes.

"Iza, you know I never hired anyone to block my end of the Bond... well, I did, but I couldn't go thought with it, instead I asked for this."

He hands me a charm bag reeking with my scent, it has the lock of hair I left in the book with the herbs used to enhance the scent. I look at him questioningly, he sticks out his hand signaling to hand it back over and I do. "It has been my lucky charm these months, I have felt when you are happy, I have felt you sad, angry, annoyed, hopeful... stressed. I have felt when you were feeling confused for another man, I admit, those were nights full of nightmares... I have felt when you are aroused and masturbate, it makes me horny every time, it makes me even harder when I know you are thinking of the nights of US, I usually join in and cum every time you do. You are the most beautiful and smart woman I know, you take my breath away every lifetime, you could have kept the other who you were confused for to satisfy your needs and give me pain but you never did. You have always proved to me your love, and I swear to you Loiza I have been true to you. I just can't even think of another woman in my life. Do you understand Love? I love you so much that I would allow Him to execute me as he always wanted and be DONE with it, as long as he lets you go, but as Kayden I am as I am by your side from now till our next meeting."

My heart is racing, he was ALWAYS an amazing poet! That's how we actually got in my pants the first time in the first place! I stand up and go to the window. The blue of the sea soothing me. I feel his eyes on me... what have I done?!

I suddenly feel his arms surrounding me gently and a fucking tear escapes my eye and falls on his arm, Ugh! He turns me around to look at me but I evade his eyes looking down and he insists by lifting my chin to face him but I can't look at his eyes. "Please look at me Love."

I can't help it and face his eyes. "Listen to me, what you did, you did for your people, you did your duty which is more than what many so called alphas, leaders, presidents, kings or queens are willing to do to protect their own, we have seen it through the ages! Remember when we used to read Cicero's teachings? 'Where there is life, there is hope'. Even then you were editing the writer! That's how YOU got into MY pants! That's why you were one grandmother's favorite pupils and why that sister of mine we shall not name, hates you so much! Jealous cunt!

"Look I was in pain, I still am, but I understand. We are together again now! So please stop doing this, ok? If you want to make it up to me you will stop feeling like this, it had purpose, do you understand Love?" I can only nod while he wipes the few tears that were stubborn enough to disobey my will. And I suddenly remember a detail he mentioned and I can't help but smile and he gives me a questioning smile...

"What?" He asks.

"Wait, so you masturbate when I do?!" I start laughing hysterically! I have already accepted that I am Loiza, I am of water. That's how he loved me...

"Damn, I guess I should have kept that part to myself..." He side glances me with the corner of his eyes, a small blush on his rugged cheeks.

"Absolutely not! That's the part that has me intrigued, I'm remembering the rest!" And I start laughing again while I throw my arms around his neck landing a kiss on his lips!
###chapter 136: Absolution🌶️🌶️🌶️
Kayden POV:

Thank Gaia! She is in my arms again, her lips on mine sucking my soul from me. How I longed for this. I feel her melting in my arms with just a kiss. We separate to catch our breath. "Baby if only you knew how much I always yearn for you." I whisper in her ear. I feel her shiver and see the goosebumps on her soft skin. I was already hard for her.

"Really?" She asks with her blush going down her neck and that raspy voice I love. And I can't help kissing her Mark on her long blushing neck turning her deep crimson.

"Always! Every. Single. Lifetime." I say with hunger in my eyes and voice. I can smell her arousal and finally my nose is filled with the particular aroma of her core.

"Ok then, show me." A huge smile plasters my face and I go to her, only before I am able to reach her she stops me with her foot to my chest.

"No My Love, I don't want you to DO me, I want you to SHOW me. Show me how you would touch yourself when I touched myself thinking of you!" And she grabs her glass and takes another sip of wine never breaking eye contact with me. Damn! That just got me harder. She has always had me happily eating out of her hand!

"Go on! Our first time I took all of my clothes for you, I think you can do it this time for me." My cock is throbbing at her words, and like a robot I start undressing for her without breaking eye contact. I hear a small moan from her lips when I take off my shirt, and while I'm unbuckling my pants the scent hits me even stronger and then I notice her legs are wide open, she had already taken off her bottoms so that I can see her wetness, my pupils dilate and my primal instinct immediately makes me go to her, but once again she stops me with her foot at my chest and then slides it down softly to the buckle of my belt...

"Tsk, tsk... I want to see what you would do when I wasn't around. I'm just helping along like I did before, the only difference is I get to watch you now and you get to watch me!" And she licks her index finger and takes it to her pussy. I am salivating right now and I can't stop looking at her.

"Do you intend to stare all morning?" HA! Call back to that night. I lick my lips and take off my pants, my socks and my shoes, then I lower my boxers to release my cock and it slaps my stomach. Another lovely moan from my Nymph and I focus on her scent, her sounds and her lust through the Bond and I sit on the bed with my legs parted to give her full view, stroking my throbbing self. FUCK! She breaks our stare and I follow her gaze to my hand stroking my cock, she licks her lips, this turns me on even more. She stands up and takes off her top and lets it fall to the floor, and there she was again in her naked glory for my eyes and with a low growl I came.

Her body looks even stronger than before, her hips and ass harder and rounder, her shoulders and arms more defined, she is a bit more muscular, arms chiseled, an athletes body, I don't remember her training hard, I have a feeling it has something to do with what happened this morning. But I can't complain she looks very appetizing! While I am panting trying to recollect myself she walks over to me kisses my cheek and whispers "Don't move" In my ear, she kneels behind me on the bed so I can't see her, she snakes both her hands down my chest from behind lighting up those sparks while kissing the back of my neck and just when I am about to swear my heart is going to bust out of my chest I feel the sparks surrounding my shaft and she is stroking it herself her hands lubed using her water, Deacon is growling with pleasure at the sight and I grab her thighs stretching at my sides as I am cradled by her open legs, I start raking them and lie my head back in the crook of her neck. I can't stop moaning and she starts kissing my jaw and neck, I am in haven. Memories of us the very first time I made her mine in the shores of the Aegean flood my mind, making me remember why I was willing to give up my immortality, even my life to chase her through the ages and have a lifetime of bliss.

"FUCK BABY! You are such a tease, I swear by Gaia that your only mission in life is to drive me crazy!" 'She's so evil, but she's knows how to love us!' 'Deacon she is also Priestess of Selene, they teach them to do away with their inhibitions when they're very young. Why do you think I was so excited when I found out I was mated to one! Now focus on Aryn...' 'Yes! Yes! Aryn!'

"So this drives you crazy?" She asks seductively in my ear knowing it does! I close my eyes tight. "Mhhmm, just your hands and words are making me come. My head was still lying back on her shoulder when I feel her shift making my eyes open, her thighs are no longer around me and she is stroking me faster and with more pressure. I start thrusting my hips forward and the moment the first drop of cum comes out, my cock is engulfed by her mouth spilling inside it! Then she looks up at me, I can't stop looking at her and then she swallows... DAMN! That was fucking hot! I had missed her! She stands and walks to me, my legs parted, my arms holding my weight behind me. She sees that I am still hard and goes for my lips, she kisses me hard demanding entrance, right now I would give her ANYTHING she wants... He never deserved her! I taste myself in her mouth and she starts pushing me towards the center of the bed and suddenly she impales herself on me! I gasped growling at the sudden but welcomed charge of pleasure and decide to take over this production.
###chapter 137: One Again

Loiza's POV:

At Kayden's sudden take charge demeanor I start getting very excited. I am remembering! But there's so MANY memories...

He turns me over on my stomach and raises my ass towards him, he opens my legs wide, and looks inside my core, but what he is looking at right now is a dripping faucet! He takes a few licks of me and then without warning he thrust himself with strength and power inside of me, I gasp with surprise, he massages my back down to make sure that my torso and head remained on the mattress. And suddenly CRACK! He smacked the left cheek of my ass hard!

"WHOA! THE HELL?!" I scream.

"Sorry babe! You owed me that one, now we're even!" And I hear him laughing, and I can very much hear Deacon laughing with him! I can't help but laugh too! He is so deep inside me now, while one of his hands goes to my pussy and he starts massaging my clit gently while picking up some momentum and my moans turned to screams and just as we're both about come, he stops. I look back frustrated, his smile grows and crawls up to lay by my side and takes me in his arms and lays me slowly on my back. He presses himself gently against me, never breaking eye contact. He looked down at my body and rubbed my side until he reached my hips. He looked at me full of yearning. I pressed my hand to his cheek and he closed his eyes to my touch. Slowly I hear the gentle sound of his Lyre in my mind... He used to play it so beautifully...

His knee opened my legs and he entered me slowly like that first time long ago I decided to accept him... I resisted Ares himself who even Aphrodite can't get away from! And this one steals my prey and plays me his lyre to apologize, he then excused himself handing me my original pray with his beautiful golden arrow through it. When I took the arrow out of the dove it fell to the ground cascading into thousands of white water lilies at my feet. Every sunrise and sunset I would feel his gaze on me I would look up and see his Jade eyes just staring at me, the water lilies he gave me never died. I started nurturing them with the purest water. And one sunset I decided to show him that he was welcome in my presence and that I would speak with him, so I wore one of the water lilies in my hair. I think it was the first time the sun stop setting... He stopped his chariot immediately, all of my sisters started cheering with glee over the sight of the sun god. For a second I thought I made a mistake, but he kept riding. He came in the night and took me away...

"Love I KNOW I am Kayden, but right NOW I WANT you as before." He pushes into me as I embrace him and press my cheek to his.

"It's all right, I want you as we were as well..." To this he just pushes in harder and lifts me to him as we look into each other. I had already heard all the other stories about him just like the other gods. Using someone and then discarding them, I was prepared for that. The gods are ficle. But when Zeus promised me to his brother Poseidon as bride, my golden Sun became full of rage, but there was nothing he could do against the might of his father and then the might of my husband...

We made love for a long time, and it felt like old times, always the roaring of the ocean serving as background and warning. And even though he made love to me as Apollo he was already accepting that this was a new life cycle and I started soothing the waves of the ocean so instead of roaring it would be just a gentle rush. The breeze of the Caribbean was so much like the breeze of the Aegean.

I let the rest of my body fall on the bed and Kayden goes to the fridge to get 2 bottles of water and drops himself on the bed. While I can't move, he opens a water bottle, turns me on my back and takes me in his arms. He takes a good look at me and smiles with a little "Hmp", he raises my upper body enough and slowly brings the bottle to my lips and starts pouring the cold liquid in my mouth. I didn't even have to ask! I lift my hand to hold the bottle and lie back into his chest. He opens the other bottle and when one of his arms is free he wraps it around my waist and proceeds to drink as well laying himself on the head board of the bed.

We stayed like that for a few minutes, I am so at peace in the silence with him, he is getting a barrage of emotions from me, I feel the outpour of his.

"Izz I'll sign any paper you want me to sign and I'll take any test you want me to take. The pack already is inclined to want to come. But I can't stop those who wish to stay. What you guys did today... HOW?! I have heard of the synchronization of The Osupa, but this is some next level shit!" I STILL feel the WHOLE pack.

"I'm still figuring it out. Chandrama is on its way because of it, but it was basically a physical manifestation of our collective pain and anger towards The Council. We had two more buildings but there were complications, still I have a hunch we made our point very loud and clear. We also hacked into the humans nuclear warheads, those won't be launching any time soon if ever!" I already ordered that today be a day of celebration and remembrance, so Antoine got his leave anyway.

"Whoa speaking of hunches you guys destroyed Nina yesterday! Felt good for your brother! But man, I would have shot my brain with silver if I would've been in Tony's shoes!" Hades! That WAS yesterday!

"I still can't believe that was yesterday! But yeah, oh man Ura went to town and when she started ugly crying... Ha! I knew that it was either the end of The Circle or a renaissance. So I decided to take both Nina's and Ura's option off the table so I used my trump card leaving them without a choice... SIMPLE!" He wrapped his arms around me, kissing my Mark, my neck, my face, my lips.

"Either way, happy birthday Love, you have to admit... It was better than your Quinceañera!" Ha! That's for sure! 

"No shit, Circle Excursion, The District, thrashing Nina, racing in Atabex City! And then a worldwide terrorist attack on terrorists! What a GREAT DAY!" He kissed my head and held me tighter chuckling, he laughs so beautifully...

"Could that same extraction be used for Blood Moon?" He asks.

"It would depend. If it's not an international airport and small numbers it shouldn't be a problem... With the panic and chaos happening all over the globe it could be overlooked. We would have to look at the data before moving forward. Now that THIS is out of my head I can take a breather." He's ok he's is accepting the fact that he's Kayden.

"I can order Moira to see what can be done?" I guess that's an option.

"Sure but no joke Kayden, take your grandmother with you, if there's treachery in your pack she'll know." Oh yeah, I knew my old Master was here when I awoke! She's always been sneaky, but I have loved my Master for her gifts, without her I would be just another Neriad.

"You noticed that too, huh? I wonder what price she had to pay, they had her as a slave in MY pack! I can't wait to hear what she's going to yap at me. You'll talk with her right Beloved? She always liked you better!" So good at delegating! He laughs at my thought... I get up to go shower, I'm awake anyway and am hungry and want our pups brought over for him. 

I pick up my hair while watching him still lounging on the bed, his arms behind his head watching me, bringing a smile to my lips... He looked... focus idiot! He laughs and I walk into the shower and he jumped off the bed to join me. We couldn't help it and made love again in the shower... Now that I FEEL HIS emotions it drives me to madness!

I hand him a robe and get my own kimono and summon Mónica to bring my pups and ordered a lunch platter from the kitchens. He picks me bridal style and plants another kiss on me and we get a knock at the door. I take them from Mónica and dismiss her telling her I'll link her later.

I hand Jade to her father and he sits on the bed with her... He's quiet. I unfasten my robe to grant Deacon access to feed, Kayden's nostrils flare and looks over and comes with Jade and helps me with her and wraps his arms around us taking in our scent, his own relaxation to finally have his family in his embrace is pushed towards me through the Bond. I take a deep breath letting his love drown us.

The food came and we went out to the dinning area in the balcony. We all eat lunch in silence... I'm still processing everything including what happened this morning and already thinking what will be the most likely next move. He starts laughing!

"What?" I look around to see what's so funny.

"YOU ARE Beloved! Here I am trying to still remember your name and your already thinking what comes next!" I hand him the pups, they're full and wipe myself and get some paper. THIS usually does the trick! I write down the name that I always want to forget and pass it to him.

He reads it, he KNOWS not to mention an unwanted name. His face becomes dark nodding smelling Deacon's hair. And looks over the ocean...

"I already SWORE to you he would never have you again Amphitrite!" And finally! He looks at me again... "PHI! I remember!" He closes his eyes allowing the puzzle on his side to register. I go to take the pups but he looks calmly at me.

"I have them Phi, give me a moment Love..." He said gently, he always had this calm in his voice. I sit down remembering. Always, to every child we have had he grants HIS own Blessings. For a god who guarded and guided The Oracle at Delphi to change to such a simple life... He did it for me. Gods and mortals, BOTH male and female alike would gash themselves for a night with the Lord of the Sun, yet I knew he was MINE and he won me over in spite of me! 

On the back of their necks his symbol appeared... I knew he would absorb the pain of the burn. He held both of them with ease... How many children had we had together?! I go inside to get dressed, but also to give him HIS time alone with them. He must also be thinking about his own twin sister, I can't wait to see her again but we must be careful, this would be the fifth time that Poseidon uses daevas among other creatures to find me... I look over where he is now on one of the couches by the fire pit where his laid with them telling tales of their own brother Hector, Prince of Troy and other heroes in Greek. I go an lay down next to him taking Jade in my arms so he could put his arm around us both to listen to the tales in his soothing voice.
###chapter 138: The Vote
Marcus POV

The news channels have been going haywire all morning. We are all at the big Television room in the pack house looking as the world is in chaos because of what happened. The funny thing is the only casualty the humans are suffering from is from their own fear, not of them died, none of their property destroyed, they are terrified that an organization can pull off an attack like this in so many countries. People are going in and out of the pack house with new information to share. Many family members from other packs have been calling all morning... Most asking if we were going to move the pack and join The Osupa.

Everett came over... "Good thing my source was in Washington DC, otherwise he would be dead! This is indeed a HEAVY blow to The Council! I don't even know if they'll be able to recover from this! It was truly unwise to attack The Osupa, they definitely don't fuck around!" I still can't believe what they pulled off... Well after really being inside Loiza's mind I can imagine how much focus this took.

We got an incoming transmission from Jason, and everyone went to the comms room to listen in...

"Are you guys seeing THIS?! Dude it was INTENSE! EVERYONE on the island partook! I STILL FEEL the surge of power man! Also I FOUND MY MATE!" He will be given citizenship.

"Wait, Jason what do you mean everyone partook?" I ask. He explained how they did it without much detail, but I got the gist. By the Goddess! My own sources in the supernatural world report that every attack from The Council has stopped (yeah, no shit!) and that even The Elves have concluded that The Osupa were worthy adversaries and would be unwise to irk them... They have very much put an end to any plans anyone had to cross them or their allies (again, no shit!).

"And you found your mate?! How?" Leo asked him wanting details.

"Dude I TOLD you! The moment I saw her I just KNEW she would be MINE! Brianna turned 18 today and I got to it and mated and Marked her immediately! I am officially Osupa man! I'm in THEIR link now, Brianna turned 18 at midnight and the moment I Marked her I was IN so I was one of the pieces that helped with what happened! I have NEVER felt this and the mate Bond! It's insane! I'm so glad we got a holiday today." Where's Kayden?

"Jason, Kayden went over with the Lady Moira to negotiate, have you seen him?" What's happening?

"I haven't seen him but I did scent him earlier, so he IS here, also I overheard Shomari tell Haya that he has been all morning with the Cacique." Who?

"Ok, if he's been in there all morning that's a good thing... I guess we wait for him." Adam hasn't stopped watching the news, and now that he heard Jason gloat that not only he's a part of supernatural history now, because yeah... THIS is going to be studied, already there's debate weather Loiza is a butcher or the Avenging Angel of Death... But that he ALSO found his mate, has Adam cross.

'Beta, the Lady Moira waits by the shrine. She wishes to speak with the pack do I escort her?' Where's Kayden?

'Yeah, bring her up!' I have been trying to figure out how best to approach her, I NEED to hit the books hard on Avalon Law!

"That's a splendid though Beta." She was looking at the television showing split images of the destruction.

"My Lady I was hoping my brother would have returned with you." She looks at me with that blank face of hers.

"The Cacique and her mate are rekindling the Bond between The Osupa and Blood Moon. What does Blood Moon choose? To stay or be welcomed as new Osupa?" Um? Everyone in the room was looking.

"My Lady, is it ok if we assemble the pack so that you could give the terms as well as your opinion and take it to a vote?" She looks around at everyone.

"Assemble away Beta, I shall wait." Thank you! I link Avis and Adam to round up the pack and take them to the assembly hall, while I escort the Priestess to the office and offer her anything. She only wanted water again.

After gathering the whole pack, I escorted the Lady Moira so she can address them. Many had seen her before, dressed in pale yellow she was truly a sight to behold. The murmurs stopped the second she walked in the room and she lowered her hood.

"Blood Moon... As you have seen all morning, The Osupa will protect their territory and avenge their dead with a very clear message and yet have the finesse to carry it out with the power of Avalon as backup. OUR world, is understanding that to choose to have animosity with The Osupa is CLEARLY a poor choice, so regardless, the supernatural world will not make a move against them, at least not now, we all know how this goes. The human world is in total chaos, we are trying to determine how long does human fear last, however it doesn't seem to end, so this chaos will endure until they calm down when they don't think they are in danger, yet well we know them to be unpredictable. Your Alpha has reconciled with The Osupa Queen and they wish for all of you to join them in Karaya. What is Blood Moon's choice? Remember, your Alpha could have left you to fend for yourselves, the Cacique had already forgiven him and she could have taken back her mate, yet he stayed to ensure your survival. They BOTH want you to." She placed the cards on the table except the conditions. She wants to know what they want. She comes to me on the way out.

"Beta I will wait by the shrine until they have made their choice. Also tell Alpha Everett to warn his man inside the Washington ###chapter to leave, I wouldn't put it pass Loiza to finish them if they make just ONE wrong move, and now that Kayden is with her it will be even simpler." Simpler?! I nod to her in understanding yet not the part about Kayden. And she walks out.

At this point everyone was shouting trying to talk over one another! Ugh!

"STOP!" I roar at the top of my lungs using my Beta command and everyone is silent.

"This is SERIOUS! The Grand Prime Priestess of Avalon is officially extending an invitation to finally go to Karaya. We will hold a VOTE!" From my calculations running this scenario before I already know it's conclusion. So let's start with the easiest...

"Who votes for us to stay?" Murmurs again. Thomas stands up.

"With respect Beta, most of us WANT to go... My questions are what are the conditions for us to go? And will we be treated like pariahs once we're there for what a few did?" He sits with his family. They are mostly Kappas and so far their beer is the best!

"I will have to bring in the Lady Moira for those particulars Thomas, what she wants to know is if WE as a pack accept the invite. From what I have studied of Alpha Loiza she doesn't seem the type to scorn on ignorance and if she invited us it means she's fine with us. Besides with Kayden by her side do you think he would allow that for us?" They start murmuring again. Avis steps in:

"Do you think that because The Osupa handed The Council their own ass we are safe? THINK guys! We have ALWAYS had attacks! Thomas, wasn't your mate killed in a regular rogue attack 4 years ago? That had NOTHING to do with The Council! I personally want to go for several reasons, but mainly I want to be as strong as them, so yeah, I want to be trained by them and with what Jason has reported, the life they live is I want for my family! We have already decided... My family accepts Queen Loiza as Alpha according to what our Alpha wishes for us!" I know Avis's ginger head has been thinking very much about this, he has his mother and sisters to watch for and his Kappa brother is now finding sculpture as his main drive. It's stressful to know YOU are the best shot your loved ones have to survive the worst. And he opens up that feeling to the pack so that they understand that it's not just a power play. He wants to be able to achieve his goal of getting stronger to protect his family but at the same time he wants peace of mind that they are safe and happy.

The minute he ended his words the whole pack went silent. Everyone was linking with their families. After almost an hour the pack said yes on moving! I fetched the Lady Moira so she can give the particulars.

"You will be asked every questions that every other pack has received before being allowed into their sanctuary. There will be powerful Truth Seers who will easily detect any lie. There is no spell needed, as you have already divided yourselves among the Greek coding every single discipline will be nurtured and encouraged to grow. But believe me their training for EVERYTHING is rigorous, they strive each day to reach perfection. As for the Warriors I guess you know what that means for you starting from the very top, every single Alpha born in Karaya Island is receiving intense training as the first line of defense and the strongest in the pack. A team will be sent over shortly for the questioning and to help extract you from here and take you to the island. I can already feel many of you worry about things you will leave behind, since this area is actually quite safe right now I recommend you pack everything you wish to bring, but remember you can always come back to fetch whatever else you want. As the world is right now, there is so much chaos that you can probably fly in and out of the country without any problem especially with Osupa technology. The main problem was the constant attacks from The Council and that has been neutralized for now. Does anybody have any questions?" She concludes with her voice sounding stale.

"Thank you My Lady, when should we expect the team to arrive?" At my question three portals open. About 30 Osupa come out and we hear her... Her voice no longer adorable.

"HEY YOU BUNCH OF CUNTS! DID CHA MISS ME?!" And Josephine comes out and pounces on Avis like a cat and gives him a hug, after she kicked his ass they became friends and they never said goodbye because he didn't go with us to London. Jason walked out with another girl who looks A LOT like Joey! This must be Brianna... Damn! He looks bigger than on screen.

"Yo Leo! Are you ready for warmer weather man?!" And he hugs his best friend.

"Are you kidding me?! My sister keeps going to the mall with friends and getting new bathing suits! I want to get a board! Yo man, LOOK at you! You look buff as fuck!" Jason laughed at that!

"Bathing suits? Nah man! They have REALLY nice shops down there! And they're only used sporadically. But do use them around the Mermaids, they ALWAYS want to play with your---" SMACK!

"Really Jason?! Maybe he WANTS that! Just like YOU used to... REMEMBER?!" Brianna smacked Jason behind his head. Ok... So Brianna is younger than Joey but she sounds like she can rough someone up just as well... She'll be good for helping Jason grow up!

"No my beautiful Frost Faerie, I completely forgot about EVERYTHING! Before meeting you nothing is worth remembering." She gives this triumphant smile and he takes her hands and his kissing them and kissing her lips after.

"Wow! So that's what being pussy whipped in less than 24 hours looks like!" Avis interjects making us laugh. But Jason cannot control his smiling! Looking directly at his mate he answers very matter of factly ...

"Yup! And what a perfect pussy to be whipped by! I really hope to be whipped by it every single day! Maybe someday YOU'LL also know how awesome it is Avis, that too will help you relax after training, trust me!" Brianna blushes furiously and Joey starts laughing hysterically!

"Aw man! I don't even know who I'm laughing at anymore this was a collective burn here! Jason! That was a GOOD one you got both Bree AND Avis! Are you having a dry spell old buddy? Don't worry, I'm pretty sure Jason will like to give you guys the tour The District. It's always fun to go! Especially when you don't have a mate and you still want to unwind without having complications of a relationship!" We're all a little confused.

"Are you serious Joey?!" Brianna glares at her sister, eyes still retaining it's dark limbal ring but the irises turn fully white! Her wolf's eyes are white?

"Whatever Bree! I'LL take them so you can go ahead and whip Jason more with your pussy!" Whoa!

"BUUUUURN!" They all shout at the new mates, BOTH now blushing intensely.

"Don't even TRY with me baby sister, your whining works on Sammy not me, wrong twin kid! Anyway, yeah it's going to be better when more fae come, but guys we have to focus on NOW, get Samuel over here, I need the Epsilons to secure our exit plan. Marcus, Avis, we need the census you guys made, the techs will input the data and take blood samples to make sure every genome is verified, we're always on the look out for mutations which will make our pack stronger. Also it'll help with accounting for everyone, we want to KEEP Karaya secure. Understood guys? Remember Karaya is sanctuary to ALL of us you want to make sure that those we fight for are safe... That's how the pack survives.
###chapter 139: Olympians
Loiza's POV

'Izzy! Can you be disturbed now?'

I open my eyes remembering where I am and I got their scent. All four of us dozed off on the couch listening to the recount of the Troyan War. There's always been this sadness when he recounts it in his beautiful Ancient Greek. I know his pain of what happened, we were just getting to know each other during this time... He was their protector and the heir to the throne was his son, the brave Warrior Hector. He was a demigod and Achilles was the son of Neriad like me, but what Thetis did, gave Achilles an edge. My beautiful Sun made a wrong play and it cost him his son's life, in the end Achilles died anyway. Two brave warriors that actually respected each other. I always thought that for Achilles, killing Hector was the hardest thing he ever did, even with the dishonor he did to his body... After, I went with Artemis to hide away his wife, the beautiful Andromache and their son Astynax. Apollo was heartbroken, it didn't take long for the city to fall after that.

'What do you want Nina?' I ask looking at all three of them sleeping as he holds us, I LOVE this sight... I always have.

'Don't you remember? Tattoos, talking about the reunion... Blah, blah, blah.' Great Mother give me patience! His eyes slowly open at the my annoyance through the Bond. And gives me a beautiful smile.

'Get Mónica over so that she can take these two, they'll be out for a while, and if you're fine tell Nina to come, I know you want this done and I want those tattoos on you ASAP.' He links me playing with my hair with the hand he had at my waist. It's true, once he starts a story, the kids usually get riled up or fall into deep slumber according on how he manages the pitch of his voice, more often than not he'll just use his lyre to put them to sleep. I wonder where it is I'll have one made for and get him a guitar, he loved it last time, he's so good at strings. I link Mónica to get the pups and Nina to come over and immediately the doors open and Nina and Tony are at the balcony, before she could squeal at the sight Tony covered her mouth. She gave him a death glare but came over and slowly took Deacon as I got up and He held on to Jade.

Mónica came for them and she saw the new Marks behind their neck, I just nodded signaling that it was fine. And she took them to keep napping. He got up and stretched.

"Damn that's the best I've slept!" He said yawning, I was in that haze as well, it was just a nap, but it was wonderful!

"Sleep?! How CAN you sleep?! Damn Izzy have you seen the human news?!" Nope!

"Let me guess Nina? Their governments are at each other's necks and their religions are declaring the End of Days?" I sit on his lap kissing him deeply his eyes gleaming by Helio's light.

"Yeah! Something like that!" Oh Nina, it wouldn't be the first time they act like this. This is their nature... I look over at her...

"Nina hun, everytime you left this island it was to witness the BEST of them. That's why I love listening to YOUR perspective, it helps me not be fully indifferent to them. Remember sister, when WE would go out, it was to DEAL with the WORST of them. If it wasn't for you I really wouldn't have any sympathy for them at all. If it wasn't for the love you hold them I don't think I would have cared if ANY died. Your love for THEIR creativity kept me grounded on REALLY not becoming the butcher I imagine they are already calling me. YOU saved a lot of people today Nina, do you understand your potential NOW?!" She lets go of Tony and pulls me from Him. I'm allowing my mind to allow to adjust to Kayden, even though we both know he's more than that and vice versa.

I take in her scent in our hug... I wasn't awake then, they teach us to love Nature in Avalon, not humanity... It would be an oxymoron education. Humans destroy Nature. And OUR artists, to me, were the best! But Nina places a lot of importance on details. THIS room is absolutely to my liking! The woman doesn't even know my true self yet, she kept everything crisp and white making the background of the Sapphire ocean dominate the room! It keeps a Caribbean aesthetic yet it totally reminds me of Santorini which I used to guard for many years. I was the one who actually made the Santorini aesthetic be that way to begin with, and my bedroom right now looks like it! And the fact that she put a fire pit... I'm pretty sure she was already planning on holding The Circle here, but HE is of fire and an Alpha, I have to work with him to help him control it when the time comes.

Either way, it was through Nina's eyes in this lifetime that I did acquire some love towards humans. But every time we would go out in the field, it was just devastated what they would do to themselves, it would devastate us how we saw other werewolves be to each other outside of Karaya. It has only ever been to Ura and Victor that I opened my mind so that they could see Avalon and how we worked in complete Harmony, that's what I was taught, balance and harmony. That was the way of the Goddess Selene. Artemis never really wanted the charge of the Moon, she wanted to devote herself to her beloved Amazons, Ares loved them as well so they would actually have a lot of fun together. To Artemis, Apollo has always been the apple of her eye, much like Ura and myself, but she got along very well with her other brother Ares, I actually got along well with him, he's an absolute horn dog but when he saw that his brother and I were very serious he definitely laid off. So he went back to allow Aphrodite to do with him whatever she wanted... the man loved war but he really loved beauty too, and Aphrodite is definitely everything she represents and more. The gods are always taking sides, the ones we have in our side we definitely trust and love dearly, but with every relationship there is a complication. Aphrodite can't stand me as well as Athena, I have no problem with Aphrodite, I never understood what her problem was but Athena is another matter! Our shit is VERY personal and it got really ugly when she screwed with my best friend! What Poseidon and she did to Medusa is something I will NEVER forgive!

Medusa used to worship Athena, she used to be her Priestess! She guarded her Temple but Poseidon's lust is equal only to his brother Zeus! After Poseidon raped her, Zeus saw what happened and took his turn as well. When Athena saw this she cursed Medusa! My beautiful friend! I could never look upon her anymore! Zeus had already promised me to Apollo, but Poseidon wanted me, I had 49 other sisters! Couldn't he have picked another?! Apollo always told me that it was my eyes, every single one of my sisters eyes are blue, mine are the only ones that are Amber. He told me he first saw me because he thought he had seen a fire but it was my eyes.

Because I was promised to Apollo, Poseidon could not have me, so he went for those I love! He took her in Athena's Temple, she used to be so naive I told her never to mention his name! Because Zeus partook and Poseidon kept the secret of what he did he had a trump card over Zeus. I always wondered if he had it planned to the minute, bastard! Just a threat to tell Hera what he had done was enough for him to sell us out, I was given to Poseidon at once! If it wasn't for Persephone, Apollo wouldn't have found me. I'll never forget his eyes the first time he saw me next to his uncle as a new Goddess of the ocean, he looked devastated. All I could do is look forward into my duty and he do his. But he could never stay away and I would meet him by the ruins of Troy, I would always come back pregnant. I refused all of my eggs to receive any seed from Poseidon, he raped me as many times as he could but never did I allow my body to be fertilized by him... I hope he still thinks Triton is his son, we haven't seen him in so long. I hope I get to see him this lifetime, at least I'm sure Helios lives and is doing well!

Nina is still talking about what we should do but I am just so focused right now, I can already feel through the Bond that Kayden is taking hold of the conversation so that I am putting the puzzle together, he loves it when I can focus and he can reap the rewards! I swear the ages don't change him! I love him to death and back! That's right Persephone! Oh man! We have to get in contact with Hades! He's like the only uncle he has we like! He has a fish tank in his realm waiting for Poseidon!

"Nephew this fish tank awaits my brother! I hope that someday YOU will oblige me filling it with his soul!" He really hates them both! They totally left him stuck with the Underworld and still he had to give up his mate for half a year! Demeter has serious letting go issues! When Perseus took Medusa's head, Hades made sure she entered Elysium to live in Perpetual Bliss I can't wait to visit her!

"Izzy are you even listening?!" Kayden didn't miss a beat. Wait? I was hugging her why am I by the ledge?

"Nina dear sister, remember, Izz is still recovering from this morning, if you feel it, imagine HER!" Smooth.

"No it's all right bro just make sure she's okay all right? Izz I love you all right we're behind you. You're no butcher! Do hear me Loiza Anani!" I keep looking at the waves, oh dear sister, but I have been a butcher before. A mortal life, even a werewolf life is more peaceful than the realm of the gods. We are the true monsters in the darkness.

"Do you really think we are monsters?" He asks me. I see he dismissed them and raised the sound barrier, he likes to link but he's always been a talker.

"Yes." I say firmly. "I'm glad we're not them anymore, do you understand me Kayden?"

He holds me, "I know, I just wish---" I put my hand to his mouth. I don't want to hear it, there's no point in wishing, yesterday is gone, tomorrow may not come, all we have is now. My bond is completely open to him right now and he is registering every single piece of the puzzle with every piece a nod of acceptance. But we do have to remember everything now that he knows my name. As long as we have the timeline correct we know who not to call what name not to allow around us, and I just remembered... I called for Poseidon inside the water when I was talking to Pasha! I gulped and he looks at me and he registers everything. He is soothing me.

"How long ago was that?" I'm thinking, think brain! But he holds my hands just nodding that it's fine he just got a memory that it wasn't the first time and we were in another place far away. And I catch it. Ok, cool.

"I would have to ask Pasha she would know! Oh no! That's why she exists! It's my fault!" I put my hands to my mouth not even believing what I did! He looks into my eyes searching my memory... because I was in charge of balance in the ocean and I left, another Neriad had to be born to take on that job! I sit down devastated, was that seriously the price?! I thought Selene would handle it!

"It's alright, we'll handle it, ok? We always do!" And a raven perched herself on the balcony.

"Sophia?" He smiles at me, he made sure she lived as long as I kept coming back. Just like the orcas for me... For my beloved, his were the wolves and the ravens. He gave her to me to help me focus to always follow the raven's way he even admitted that it was because of my Raven hair that he couldn't stop looking at me. And to think that it was his rage towards one that turned them black!

"I'm so sorry I never found you when you were as Hepatia, you still made an impression like you did just today Love!" Cheeky bastard always found a way to make me smile. Yeah, we tried the whole 'human' life... Gods it SUCKED!

"Ok, we got this, we've done it before right? Let's focus on now. I can already imagine Moira giving Marcus crap! Is it me or every lifetime she gets worse? What was your brother even thinking on tapping that?" He asked. I couldn't help but laugh grounding myself to remember who I have to be and just enjoy it.

"I have no idea! Remember when she used to be a baby? She used to be adorable! Go on and rescue your brother baby, I'll deal with mine! Damn! Is it me or did they just basically give us the winning lottery ticket here with our families! This is crazy town! We got stuck with the weirdest crap ever! Do you ever remember us getting something like this? We must have asked for something big for us to be paying THIS price!" And we just couldn't help it and started laughing remembering of all the other lifetimes and the craziness that just happened in this one!" It reminds me of the lifetime we had in Sardinia and then for a second I thought of Caesar and I connected a DOT from my mother's diary! And I look at Kayden so he can see it!

"Nice! Juicy gossip just in time for your reunion baby! Damn that is going to be an upper cut and definitely help cement Maco. Are you sure it's better him and not Natalia?" I had thought about it, but Maco is better. I know Natalia is in fact VERY focused. That's why she's the best at what she does! She can sell you the worst bridge ever and you will love her for it! But I need her major focus on top on we are doing now, I definitely want to ask her about this Beta who was able to killed his Alpha... He looked at me quizzically.

"What is it that you're thinking?" His voice calm but I registered the anger. I looked him directly in the face. Yes! I understand the burden we carry. His power with fire will only increase and now that he has Caliburn back it's going to be dangerous. WE are the real problem on this island so we have to make sure it is as balanced and harmonious as possible.

"I'm thinking, of an off switch. A guarantee to give them a chance in case something goes wrong..." He knows I'm right, we always have to keep control, if we lose it, not only can we give away our position, we can bring major chaos upon the planet. This was also part of the price. He hugged me tighter... This will work out, it'll be fine. Again it's not our first time, it's just usually difficult in the beginning. I just want to make sure that we remember who our true allies are." He says holding me.

"Thank you my love, Sophia always helps me find my way again..." He just kissed His Mark and lingered a bit.

"You're right, we've got this let me go rescue my brother! Talk with Nina ok? I totally agree, Maco will help regain harmony! I'll see you tonight all right, let me just get the ball rolling here. Oh and Izzy, if your Betas order you to dress a certain way, do it... Now more than ever they are definitely going to try to cement your Reign. I think those 'Bs' that are appearing on their wrists aren't just a mere Blessing, I think it's an actual command embedded into their brains to guide you. I know you're considering this new Beta from India but be aware he just killed his Alpha, he has the will but he must be traumatized... remember Love it goes against nature just like you helped the orcas retain their pods, that's how I helped the wolf, we made sure that no matter what happened they survived. We're basically ordering ourselves around now!" I lay on his chest and just allowing him to hold me while caressing my back, think of the irony. Are we playing officially by OUR own rules right now?
###chapter 140: The Raven
Kayden's POV

Yeah, I'm feeling like myself again, like BOTH my selves but in cohesion. We're waiting for Bayoán to take me to Blood Moon, I totally ditched Marcus again! Ha!

She's so happy for her reunion with Sophia, I made sure that she would always find Phi the moment she would wake. I was enjoying watching Sophia on her shoulder while she fed her some raw meat she ordered from the kitchens, it filled me with nostalgia... Phi would usually feed her while we would lounge by the gardens in the evenings, the scent of laurels filling the air. I wanted to give her an additional edge over Athena who would carry Glaukopis on the top of her spear... She would harness only a bit of it's potential. Phi didn't just carry Sophia around like a pet, not that she didn't love her, Phi would pamper her to the point even I would be jealous... That's when my grandmother would slap the back of my head...

"Stupid boy! I have Blessed you with knowledge, I gave you the gift of healing! You are a GOD! She a Nymph... When have you seen a Nymph best Athena? Sophia is helping Phi focus her potential... Leave Athena to her arrogance, let the raven fill her with wisdom, affection, healing, longevity and fertility. Sophia is doing exactly what you commanded! Are you so far gone in her arms that you forget who you are?" I wonder if she's awake herself.

"I'm going to have Master Jorel make a beautiful perch for you Sophia, I have truly missed you!" Bayoán and Janaína come out to where we were. I stand up to go with them.

"Yo, what's up with the bird? It makes you next level emo Izzy!" Izzy and I laughed at that... She WAS wearing a black kimono with yellow flamboyán blossoms on the bottom... I can't wait to see what the Japanese Kappas come up with, she LOVES them and she looks like the Goddess she is in them and even better when I take them off!

"This is Sophia! Isn't she beautiful? Kayden gave her to me!" Her wings had that iridescent blue shine to them like her own raven hair.

Jana comes over to check her out... "Does she bite?" She reaches out to pet Sophia.

"What does it matter if it bites or not?! Kayden when did you get that bird in here man?!" I feel Izzy laughing through the Bond, I'm missing something here...

"What's up with the ornithophobic man? It's her code name remember? Besides, Moira ported her here." And Izz can't stop laughing making Sophia fly closer to Bayoán and him avoiding her making Izzy just laugh harder! What am I missing? Our Bond is adjusting to Loiza and Kayden.

"Bayo will you relax! Changó won't be offended by a raven!" Ohh, I SEE!

L: 'No Love, you were on point... He IS ornithophobic! He is just to arrogant to admit it. I'm just laying it on a little thicker! I'm going to take this little encounter for him communicate with Nina and fix the shrines of The Orishas, watch and learn.'


K: 'Nice! A show!'

"Ok, what am I missing?" Jana asks. I just laugh with Izz, is it the size?

"Jana, Bayoán holds worship to The Orisha Changó... HIS protected animal in The Caribbean, is the chango bird. You know, the ones that look like mini crows all over the islands? I don't know the how you worship them in Brazil, I would appreciate a report on that though. Anyway he's afraid Sophia might offend him since she is way bigger! What's up brother? Having size issues?!" Right under the belt! I can't wait to see the recap of how their reunion/blood bath goes! It's just Marcus and me and our relationship has never been like THEIRS, we don't have cousins or any extended family except for the pack. THIS... this is going to be family night, The Purge edition!

"Izzy you DARE mention his name without the beads?!" Esangó is actually a real calm dude, sure he's also a fire god and used to wreak havoc when he was younger but the ages chilled him out. He's just as misunderstood as Ares and Dionysus. I sat down across from them, Jana sat next to me and we were just watching the match!

"Shove it Bayo! TRUST me, Lord Changó doesn't give a shit about it! If you're such a fervent follower why don't you take some time and talk about restoring The Orisha Shrines with Nina? Morgana is talking about bringing a coven who serve The Orishas, do you want me to receive them with those shrines in THAT condition?!" She stood up and crossed her arms glaring at him. Sophia returned to perch on her shoulder, brings back memories! As long as I'M not in the receiving end of her scorn she can fire away!

"Izz I don't need to talk to Nina for that! I'LL handle it! You just make sure THAT... animal stays the fuck away from me!" To see all this shit show in her head vs. live is SOOOO different. He's just pointing at Sophia in clear disdain now!

"WHAT did you call HER?! BAYOÁN JOSÉ MIRABAL REAL, IF you lay ONE finger on Sophia consider it lost for good, that's a fair warning pendejo!" I'm so glad that I learned Spanish!

"Are you seriously threatening me over a BIRD? Trust me little sister, I don't want to be near that cursed thing!" Wow, he's really putting the outrage out there! As an artist myself I tip my hat! What a performance!

"How is it, that somebody as educated as you has always been so superstitious?! What are we going to do? Ban cats now from Karaya because you don't want them crossing your path?!" She's pinching the bridge of her nose. Her face is priceless, you can tell she totally wants to smack him around, I'm totally for it!

"You're talking like if you don't know anything! And it's only black cats! The Fae put all those rules for a reason!" Izzy just facepalms herself.

"I KNOW you're seriously not going to try to educate me again on the ways of Avalon and fae magic, I think we all remember how that turned out the last time!" Ugh! Now I remember! I had actually ordered Moira a few lifetimes ago to ensure that Caliburn stay in my hand for as long as possible.

Gaia wouldn't have allowed me being corrupted by Mordred, the corruption is meant for someone else. And now I remember I cannot remove Mordred from the sword, there is a purpose for him to be there. Izzy though she was protecting me from Caliburn, but how could she know that it was necessary? I never told Phi HOW I would awaken earlier, I LOVED that I got the better of her in this. This time around it bit me in the ass big time, I have to tell her... her subconscious will retain the information. I'm partially to blame for that damn Block! Sigh, I'll talk to her about it and amend the contract when I meet Selene again.

"Yo, Jana, how long do these usually last?" I ask. She sighs.

"From what I have seen from Bayoán's head... It starts at birth until..." And she looks at her watch. "... 1:03 p.m. (now). Should we order popcorn?" Ha! I definitely like her. Suddenly Víctor walks in with Shomari.

"Bayo what the fuck man?! The Lady Conceição is waiting to send Kayden to Blood Moon and then all FOUR of us are going to have a little chat about yesterday's meeting before I kick you out to go on leave! Don't you see genius? Morgana is a witch and has been pregnant for 9 months and you reek of her anxiety!" Víctor says with a serious face clearly aggravated. And Shomari starts laughing.

"I say we order the popcorn now." I whisper to Jana and just presses her lips, raises her eyebrows and nods.

"My mate was having contractions, I was a LITTLE distracted VIC!" Bayo says grinding his teeth and Izzy comes and sits on my lap while I wrap my arms around her waist.

"Is this about the raven Bayo? Are you seriously afraid of birds?!" Shomari asks him petting Sophia. I'm thoroughly enjoying watching Bayoán like this! We're cool now, but I know he enjoyed himself torturing me, it's funny to see that cocky, arrogant, dumbass brat get some!

"I'm not afraid of no damn BIRD! I jus--" Víctor is DONE!

"Shomari, Bayoán is devout to the Goddesses but also holds worship to Changó, just like his Dad, Ayiti, Maco and Natalia. He IS afraid of the bird in the way that he fears it will disrespect the smaller blackbirds of Changó, however half this Island knows that he IS a total ornithophobic... Cacique, we will handle it from here. Alpha c'mon, we have to get you back so you can pack and make sure everything is in order over there, we will have eyes on you. Once Blood Moon is about to be air borne I'll get you back with the Lady Ayana. Does anybody have questions?" Damn! He IS faster than Bayoán, I just thought it was Izzy's biased opinion.

"Bayo, Lord Changó doesn't give a fuck about birds man, just because YOUR people named them that, it doesn't matter." Bayoán gives him a death glare.

"Don't give me that look Bayoán! I might have lived most of my life in London but I AM Ewe dude! You want those shrines to look good? I'll send my cousin and her Dad, they're Kappas, and hold worship to ALL The Orishas, ok?" Well damn Izz's little bullshit show worked!

"Damn Bayo! Shomari just took you to school son! Víctor thanks man I need to go to the shrines to meditate, tell Magdalena to instruct the girls to have it ready. We're going to be receiving almost 10,000 wolves I need to clear my mind. Postpone tomorrow's meeting until Chandrama and Blood Moon are settled, how does that sound?" He scowls going through it again, nodding.

"Deal, but Izz, the tattoos, TOMORROW, no bullshit! Kayden man, you have to back me up here!" I can't help but smile. First time I met him he held a pretty big gun to my head, I did feel a little intimidated by him then, only to find out he and Izz where an item... But now I see WHY she was attracted to him to begin with! He is A LOT like ME!

"Hey, I agree! She needs those done, in fact I have to change the one on my back, don't worry she won't go anywhere tomorrow until that ink is on her skin, you have my word Víctor." I pat Izz's delicious ass to get her up. That nap with her and the pups was something I REALLY needed. I want this DONE ASAP and be able to just listen to the waves dreaming with her in my arms, those were the best years on the Aegean.

"Are you seriously telling my mate to tell me what to do Beta?" She says standing up.

"Did it work? Izz I don't give a shit! As long as that damn ink is on your skin before tomorrow night, comprende Cacique?! Now get ready, Magdalena and the girls are getting everything ready, ok? The faster I send the Alpha to get Blood Moon, the faster I can have him back! And now that I KNOW he CAN persuade you, you can bet your ass I WILL see to it that he IS informed on several things... Copy that Kayden?" Ha! He's good! He's totally willing to throw me under the bus as long as I can make sure she does what she has to! And just make sure that she doesn't forget that I do hold persuasion over her as much as she does over me...

"Roger that!" Her eyes are throwing daggers at me and I just grab her hand and bring her in and give her a deep kiss!

"I'll be back tonight babe and give her another one and she throws her arms around my neck deepening the kiss making Sophia fly off, spooking Bayoán again and making Shomari and Janaína laugh at him while Víctor facepalms himself.

"Beta Janaína, take Beta Bayoán to the office, Goddesses knows I don't want him having a breakdown over a bird! BOTH of you wait for me there. Cacique, is there anything else you need?" She smiles at me a little wicked smile.

"Yes! Please send over Master Jorel... I want her to make a beautiful perch for Sophia out of myrtle tree wood, with hyacinth and orange blossoms engraved on it and a python surrounding it with swans at the base." She remembers that too!

"Seriously Izzy? How much you intend to spend on a perch for that bird?!" Bayoán complains while being pushed out by Jana, Víctor is just pinching the bridge of his nose, eyes shut tight.

"As you say Cacique... C'mon you two let's get Blood Moon airborne!" I kiss her again, her arms around my neck not budging.

"Baby I--" She kissed me again and in my ear she whispers: "I love you my Sun!" I hold her taking in her scent. "I love you my Sea!"

"Izz, I know it's hard but c'mon!" It's harder than he will ever know.

'Kayden ask Moira where's my bow and my trident, now that I'm awake I feel vulnerable without them, ok?' She asks through our link... Damn right!

'Me too! I have Caliburn but she didn't bring my bow either. I'll check, be back later ok?'

Where are our weapons?! Izzy is an amazing fighter, but she is a surgeon with that trident! She ALMOST killed that asshole herself with it once... Almost... Triton, Rhode, Asclepius, Calypso, Helios, I'll see if we can meet, we couldn't last lifetime. 
###chapter 141: The Catalyst
###chapter 141: The Catalyst

Kayden's POV

I go to where I scent Marcus for an update before going to pack. The pack looked like a bee hive, and as I reached my brother I see the queen bee herself... Grandmother! She really doesn't give a fuck anymore, she didn't even change her name! I wanted to take her in my arms and hug her, but I don't know how awake she is. If it wasn't for the help she bestowed upon our mother, Artemis and I wouldn't have survived Hera's scorn... HERA! She is allied to us... Kinda! The irony!

She didn't ACTIVELY help us... But when I couldn't take anymore of Poseidon's abuse toward MY WOMAN! The mother of my beloved children I finally snapped! 

She looked dead when I saw her lying on the mosaic floor of the rooms that belonged to Hector in the ruins of Troy... He wasn't her son, he was my last son with a woman that wasn't her... Yet she and Artemis dotted on him! Artemis had her beloved Amazons gift The Troyans thousands of horses making it their symbol and gave Hector the ability to master them as the Amazons did. Phi gifted him with the ability to listen to the humpback whales and heed the dolphins. She always made sure the Waters of Troy we're almost infested by them! 

"Always listen to them Prince of Troy, if danger comes by way of the sea they will give you a weeks warning... Hector this way you'll never be attacked by surprise from the shore do you understand brave boy!!" She had gifted him SONAR! If it wasn't for her gift they would've been unprepared. The war probably wouldn't have lasted for 10 years. Troy would have probably been destroyed immediately. She gave them a fighting chance... They were destroyed anyway, and still her and Artemis, thick as thieves as always, stole Andromache and my grandson away to safety... Our sister Helen refused to leave Paris... so strong was Aphrodite's spell, it killed them both in the end.

I picked up her broken, bloody body from the floor, her eyes looked dead. I was DONE! I took her to my stepmother whom I knew despised me, but she IS Goddess of marriage and family. She stood from her throne of gold and silver peacock feathers as I laid Phi at her feet and I knelt to her in submission. She was furious when Zeus gave Phi to his brother... she HERSELF had Blessed our promise of marriage... Hera was actually very fond of Phi and would visit her from time to time as long as grandmother wasn't with her. Father tried his bullshit on Phi going to her as an Orca to attract her... It had the opposite effect, she was LIVID that he had DARED use her precious animals to try to manipulate her! So she prayed to Hera for protection and Hera intervened... That was almost a century before I met her.

The Goddess went to the floor to her as I was healing her...

"Is this the first time he has done this to her Brat?!" She REALLY loved calling me that, but I was looking for her help so I bit my tongue.

"No." Father be DAMNED! I fucking told her EVERYTHING! Needless to say she was outraged, she wanted to vent her wrath not just on my father, but Poseidon as well, but she knew that if she did, they would find her and he would just drag her back. She hid us away and fed Phi much needed Ambrosia. Once she was well, enough she had Hades come fetch for us.

"Listen here Brat! You will NEVER mention this to your father, he and Poseidon must never know I had anything to do with your disappearance. Do you understand me bastard!" Again I bit my tongue, THIS was more than I ever hoped from her. She can diss me all she wants if it makes her happy, I STILL will be grateful to her.

"As you command, Queen of Olympus." On my knees I agreed to her demand. She smiled at that... It must have been satisfying for her to see me at her feet and hear those words from my mouth. I really didn't give a DAMN anymore... I have to double check with Izz her relationship with Hera. We will continue to remember everything in the coming weeks and months, our wolves helping us channel the information as a buffer for our mortal minds.

"It was about time you showed up bother! the Lady Phoebe, the Lady Yaya and other Priestesses are checking everyone through and through and once they have been approved they are granted time to go home and pack and Joey and her group are figuring out a way to get us out of here!" Marcus looks excited!

"I had things to take care of Marcus, but everything is set! Is everyone checking out My Lady? And I do want to take this moment to apologize for what happened to you in my pack." I tell my grandmother watching closely to see if she gives me a signal. Instead she gives me a long look... Seriously?! I KNOW you can READ me grandmother! She gives me a smile. She looks at Marcus and then back at me... She's awake or in that process! 

"We can let bygones be bygones Alpha! In life we all suffer from a moment of brief stupidity." She says with a brimming smile! Gee, thanks Nana...

"Indeed My Lady, I hope yours to be as brief as my own." She lets out a laugh and Marcus is putting up a still face but I know he's a little lost.

"Right you are lad! Now I inform you Alpha, you have done a fine job with your pack since last I was here! Cheers to you! And to be honest we haven't found anything that would concern us. However, there are a few ladies that have given out personal information about you to people from OUTSIDE, it's really harmless information but I think you should speak with them and explain that this will not just very frowned upon where they're going, but considered treason and the price for treason is death! Especially since the events of this morning... The pack Is in tune that disloyalty shall be frown upon by the pack. As you well know, certain information rides like wildfire inside Karaya, and while it burns within, The Osupa do not tolerate that fire spreading to outsiders. I hope you understand my meaning and the importance of this conversation with them, correct?" Son of a bitch! That's the last thing I wanted to do right this moment. 

But I must hand it to her, she explained everything in a way that I totally understood it and also hinted that she was indeed awake but still just in the process. Grandmother is extremely gifted with knowledge but she is not of water and she doesn't have a mate that is of water that can help awaken her faster. That's why she usually chooses fae as her vessel, they live such long lives that she doesn't have to go through the process over and over again. It just so happens she's starting her new cycle ride along with us, but I like the look she has now! Her genetics actually allowed her to have wings, she's always wanted those! And if she was sold by Marius to Vanessa in my pack it means she was already looking for me, her nose was already on the scent. I hope all three of us can speak tonight.

I sigh... "I understand clearly My Lady! Do you have the names of the ladies?" I'm rubbing my eyes already bothered of having to deal with this nuisance at this very moment. Either way I'm glad that I can be with my son to guide him through this so he doesn't make a fool of himself! I don't want Phi to know that I have a feeling that Selene wants Jade. That's going to be very hard for her to hear, I'm already pissed about it! I need to block that part of our Bond immediately, she will know when she knows. 

What in Hades did we negotiate for this lifetime that we're paying such a high price?! I even took this into consideration when I gave them my own Blessing... To make it easier on my daughter I made sure she was of water like her mother, I'll have to speak with Pasha further on so she doesn't tell Izzy that Jade now smells exactly like her underwater. To my son I made sure my fire was strong in him... He will need it. What Gaia wants us to achieve is something he will have to learn to rule, and I don't know how large she wants this Empire of hers. I'm already thinking of the methods I helped Hector with and taking into consideration the mistakes.

Marcus passed me the tablet with the four names and I asked him to send them to my office and to have coffee brought up. Come on poet let's charm them!

As I walked in Gemma, Lisa, Miriam and Delilah looked over a little nervously... I couldn't help but click my tongue a few times, yeah I can't allow Deacon to be in this situation...

"Ladies! Are you excited for the move?" Act one. They looked a little nervous but I could feel excitement from them from the link and it wasn't over my gorgeous self! So far so good.

"Actually Alpha, some of us had already prepared ourselves a bit!" Lisa said. Yeah it got uncomfortable really fast with her. The first few times was always fun but then the getting to know each other part became bothersome. It reminded me of how I was when I was young before I met her. I just wouldn't care or if I did it was just a little bit.

"Awesome! Look guys the reason I am calling you here is because, yeah I know you guys blabbed your mouth about something between us to somebody from outside. There's no need to hide it, The Osupa are extremely good at this! And they don't care... It's fine, gossip is like a national sport to them! But it has to stay INSIDE the pack! If you blab your mouth to anybody from the outside, they're not messing around it's game over. To them it's treason and treason is punishable by death! Do you guys understand? I don't know what you guys said and I don't care, for real, but I do want you to understand the consequences of doing it in another pack. I guarantee you guys are going to love the lifestyle but that is one thing that's a big no no to them. Capiche?!" They looked at each other clearly embarrassed, I was embarrassed! I truly hope they all find their mates! 

"Understood." "Yes Kayden." "Capiche." "Crystal." Excellent! On to Act 2.

"All right guys finish packing, let's see if we get Airborne ASAP! Remember we're still using the same distractions they used to extract the pack from India to get out ourselves. So head out!" They seem calm, it's fine it's no big deal anyway. I understand better why Bayoán said that The Council was not an issue for them! Yeah no shit! They stand up to leave. Before she hits the door...

"Yo Delilah..." She looks back while the others continue. "... For what it's worth, I'm sorry, I hope you can find your own path." She was thoughtful for a minute and just started to nod.

"I will... This seems like a very big ###chapter coming up. As long as my brothers and my family are fine and safe... Not have to deal with the daily bullshit of the what if?! What if today is the day they don't come back? I heard that we're going to go into EXTREME training, should I be afraid?" I have this big smile on my face and I think it reminds me of what she felt with Victor. There will be always some chemistry but it's merely just that. We can absolutely be attracted to somebody and not necessarily love them or want to engage in that particular way with them. For THEM it's more than just chemistry, they actually do feel love for one another, not anything I know that will make them betray his mate or me, their relationship IS based on their friendship! Love always came so easy for her, I probably won't see Delilah in quite a while, maybe here and there. But she named Victor her Beta, even though their relationship was strained she knew that no matter what he would respect her secrets and her own intimacy. They have those intimate past memories with each other when they were younger and when it was a simpler time, even though their lives were never really simple, they actually enjoyed it. Since they live so peacefully, their Warriors were able to tap into that part of themselves like if they were Kappas, to be more creative and skilled in their own art which is the art of war! I see from him what I see from Ares when he looks at her!

He always will love Aphrodite for all of her many, many, many faults and will forgive her everything, exactly like her husband does! It's absolutely ridiculous! Talk about being pussy whipped! Those two are the most pussy whipped gods of Mt. Olympus! But after a while of pursuing her he started to look at her differently and he already knew that she had already accepted me! By the gods! Victor even used a water lily on her! I see my beloved Nymph has a TYPE! They both look at her with a lot of respect, they both even are a little afraid. Victor sees her as very powerful and kind of a godly figure now, the irony! But Ares KNOWS what she can do! His powers are no match for her at her best... She was so annoyed by one of his campaigns that she brought the sea upon ALL of them and completely destroyed both sides! Athena was the one who usually beat him at the art of war, she was more focused on strategy he was just focused on the blood hunger. Phi never understood why EVERYTHING shouldn't be achievable.

That makes me remember of what she told her sister earlier. It is absolutely true! If it wasn't for Nina's love for the beauty of humanity like I always taught her, she would absolutely not care how many would have perished today. DAMN! I owe Nina some Louis Vuitton pumps! It reminds me to get the deeds and corporate papers of our pack. I link Marcus to verify if he made sure to secure the servers. 

'Yo Kay, I have them and the accounts! Just worry on finishing up there and packing up your shit, I'm already imagining having to go through the training that they're going to put on us, I'm reading the paperwork and it's a little scary brother! This curriculum is insane! It's fine K, we made sure to get everything you did your part, you got us that invite we've been wanting! Dude, you should see Jason! He's an official citizen right now because he found his mate AKA Joey's little sister who by the way is here! Ha!'

'Thanks Marcus let me just get my stuff and we're out of here.' I start packing up... Thinking about how this will play out I'm not going to worry about the what ifs either. 

I remember how even though during her Awakening she was having a daze, her family and relationships kept her grounded. I think that's something my pack needs very much. That feeling of being grounded by family and they seem to be pretty good at it.

Through Izzy's memories I see how Joey's family is, they seem pretty similar to the Mirabals... When Joey was here, except for when she started training the Epsilons, we had no reason to suspect her. She was absolutely what her code name implies, she was an adorable Baby Face that you wanted to protect. Ha! So far maybe the price paid is high but it looks like it's going to be a fun lifetime either way!
###chapter 142: Legacy
Loiza's POV

After going to the shrines to meditate and give thanks over and over again, I go to my rooms again with Sophia perched on my shoulder. Earlier when she flew to the blue flamboyán some of it's blossoms turned yellow as her wings touched them. Was she already looking for me before? We passed the nursery and I showed her the still sleeping pups, she flew over perching herself by Deacon and tapped his crib with her beak making the sign of the Sun appear. With Jade it was the symbol for the Moon... It made me gulp hard... So the choice has ALREADY been made? What HAPPENED last lifetime?!

"Thank you Sophia please erase the symbols, you will say nothing of this to Lord Apollo, do you understand?" She obeyed and flew over and perched herself on my shoulder again. I'm sure he already knows something and that's why he Blessed them that way. I look through the bond and saw nothing of it, I know him well enough to know that he wouldn't want me to suffer this pain now. He always thought he was so smart, and he really is. But he has never enraged Athena as I have... Stupid cunt ... I need my trident! To at least FEEL it in my hands... I'll have to take this new information into consideration and have a new curriculum for her to get her ready.

'You MUST accept this now Loiza!' Aryn has been purring all morning... 'I know my darling wolf, I will.' I take a deep breath of Jade's sweet scent to help me calm down and take one last look at them before I leave.

It still will take Chandrama a while to get here and Víctor told me that he would let me know the moment Blood Moon was airborne so he would portal Kayden over. Both packs will arrive very late, so the airport has been equipped to receive them with the proper personnel.

As I arrived to our rooms their serene aura and soft scent hit me as I see them in one of the couches overlooking The Caribbean in the balcony...

"MACO! I'm actually really glad you're here! Hello Amelia, how's everything going?" And I nod my chin towards her growing belly. She touches it smiling and looks at Maco then back at me... It's ok she's not ready. Sometimes we find so much peace in silence. Also I made sure not to touch her, I don't want her afraid or her wolf on edge.

Maco noticed, he was basically cocooning her in his arms. It made me silently chuckle.

"Hey Izz, that was some intense shit earlier! Remember always that I love you baby sister! Aaaand has Bayo seen your new friend?" He asked smiling at Sophia. Ha! I'm so glad that he has found happiness, I have made several special ritual prayers for them with Magdalena assisting. I make sure it's just the two of us, she is an exceptional Priestess! I can definitely see now why she was paired with Victor! She has great potential and she's VERY skilled with Earth, even though she is a Kappa naturally instinctual towards air. Here and there I have been giving her some High Priestess instruction. And she is such a competent guide for meditating! There is when she definitely releases her Kappa air singularity. While at the Shrines we also performed a special prayer to ensure the success of her Heat, she should know by the day after next if it was!

"He has... You can probably imagine! It was hysterical! Check this out... He used the excuse of protecting the honor of changos and not diss Lord Changó!" Bayo can suck it! He can worship whomever, my Orishas have always been Iya Nla and Olokun and I always feel Mami Wata looking out for me.

"What a load of bullshit! He hates THOSE birds, too! When is he going to accept his phobia?" He says laughing, Amelia chuckling with us!

"Don't know, maybe next lifetime!" Amelia is looking WAY better, and has a little baby fat making her look very healthy! Good... Our family NEEDS her healthy. I'll tell Apollo to give them a secret Blessing, he and our son are the main Gods of health after all. As a doctor herself he will view her with favor. Yet, like all gods he has his polarity... Just as he brings health, he can bring plague as well.

"I saw in an earlier report that you went to The Drag! Checked with Chelo and he told me what happened! What the fuck is up with Hatuey? He would even tag along in the missions you guys would go. How's the car? And Nina told me you want an official family reunion?" He asked in his now VERY soothing, calm and serene voice that is now his trade mark since mated to Amelia. It's even been helping with negotiating with his own creations. People are so lulled by how he speaks that investors are more willing to fork up for his projects... I miss playing speed chess with him at the iron cast table at the end of the yard... It reaches to the cliff that overlooks Cofresí Bay where we could see all the way down to the docks and Mt. Aybané and Mt. Cemí in the distance.

I link for wine and a virgin sangría for the prego.

"Maco I have no clue, I want to see what's going to be the answer from the Reyes family to this, I also want to hear what the Saint Germaines have to say... And Abuelo's car is EXACTLY the same as last you saw it! Ura says that Hatuey has no creativity." I go to my nightstand and get the keys and throw it over at him, which he catches like nothing.

"Take her home brother, she should be where we played with her! Remember I want to make sure that OUR house remains for ALL our family. And sorry, you're going to be having a construction crew over very soon, I want to make sure both houses are in tip top shape and we're going to do special add ons to the back like Mom wanted, plus I want to see the original plans. Can you check and see how to make the old dungeons into an arms cellar and library, weather control and such? We haven't used those in over two centuries anyway and I want our books and diaries in OUR house! Also know, I handed Coa over to Hiroto so that their Kappas who handle steel can examine the blade. If it can be repaired I also want it at the house." A Damascus steel sword is IMPOSSIBLE to find unless in a museum... We have no idea where our great grandmother Asenath got it from, but the Masters who work steel don't dare touch it. That art has been lost to everyone and we didn't know about until it was already gone. Our house is really not so much two houses as much as one very big one, our great-great-grandfather Beta Imotonex, made sure it had a lot of similarities to The Fort, like most of the architecture of European colonial times, it was basically the trend!

However he did ensure several particularities to the house including an access to the catacombs and our own special burial space for our ancestors. He was the one who started the worship for Changó in the Mirabal family, I guess falling in love with a Priestess of his will do that to you! We even have a small shrine in backyard for him along with the one for Selene, Atabex and Yocahu... Tía laid fire flowers, honey and blood for him for a week when she returned to thank him for her and our survival...

One of our favorite places was the access to the wine cellar! Man, Ura and I would totally break in and just get hammered! I'm pretty sure Dad knew! And we definitely know Mami knew because she totally caught us! She was even more pissed at us because neither of us said ANYTHING, not a word! And it was even more frustrating to her because she knew it was because we simply didn't talk, I was still 15! I was completely alive in the link in the pack by then, but the person I spoke most to in the link was still Ura. I remember linking to him: 'Shouldn't you say something?' Totally throwing him under the bus! His only answer was 'What should I say?' I didn't know how to answer that, we were pretty drunk! So we let it go and we kept quiet! We still joke about it to this day!

"Also, I'm glad you brought the reunion up... Brother we keep growing, I am building not just a legacy for Karaya, but for OUR family. How can I lead a balanced pack if there's so much strife in our own family? Look at what we achieved this morning! And that was because for just ONE instant our filial Bond shared ONE pain and had ONE goal. Imagine if we had THAT harmony ALWAYS!" He looks thoughtful, he now KNOWS what I want from him and I see as he closes his eyes in acceptance with a sigh. That's the amazing thing about Maco, he reminds me so much of Mami, he even has her soft brown curls like Nina and Suania and her fair skin like Bayoán and Myself.

"Nina is going to take care of the reunion details to hash out and fix what we must when our cousins return." They bring the drinks and he kissed Amelia's forehead giving her the sangria.

"How do you think the others will take it? I mean, in any case it would fall onto Tía to be head of our family, no?" Not necessarily, either way that won't do.

"Amelia I am going to have a few words with my brother, if you have noticed through the Bond, Maco and I are good, but he doubts himself so much sometimes that it makes me want to kick some sense into him, do you think you can stay for that or would it be to much for you and Nelly?" I can see that she's negotiating with her wolf while I look at Maco while he takes a sip of wine, clearly not comfortable. I know how he feels... Being put into power does that to some people and being The Patriarch of our family will give him power to make crucial decisions for the future of our House... Just like it was with Dad.

"I would like to stay. Maybe I can get some pointers because he DOES doubt himself too much. I want to see what you do to make him understand that he is kind and so very smart and perfect." YES she's healing! She looks at him full of adoration... Oh yes! This is the SERENE ENERGY we need to flow through our family.

"Maco?" He has always had my respect and vice versa. When I came back from Avalon he was barely home, he was in the field most of the time, yet Ura told me he had put him in charge of watching over me and reporting to him when he returned. He told me he had a heavy argument with both Mom and Dad over this with 'choice words'. Shortly after he returned from Istanbul with a new career totally different from what the Greek coding states for a Gamma, and he stayed home.

"Yeah Izz, she can stay... She's also stronger than she gives herself credit for." Hey! That's a sorta clap back! He waited so long for her... He can't stop looking at her and she can't stop blushing at his gaze. I'm not going to thrash Maco like we did with Nina I just want to get through to him.

"Maco your right, some families choose the eldest family member, they want their wisdom and experience inside their Bond. But other families pick the strongest or most gifted to lead them bringing THAT energy through our filial Bond. OUR family right now is in a position that needs neither of those things. We HAVE power! OUR family RULES Karaya, that's the first time in the history of our House that's happened, that's why me being head of our family would be moot, besides, we don't want to give me any MORE power, that could have devastating results! I'm doing Gaia's will, but I don't agree that a Priestess should be Alpha and have this much power. Also remember Maco, we belonged to that Alpha elite through Mami and the Real Blood line. But look at the Reyes family... Instead of making Braka head of their family, they chose Casimar. They keep cementing their house as the main seafarers of The Osupa, and that's exactly what they have achieved for centuries.

"Now because of both Mom and Dad's standing, we were educated here at The Fort, just like YOUR pups will be. Not everyone in the pack has had the privilege we had brother. Even our own HOUSE is a historical patrimony of our people, it's one of the first homes of The Citadel! Even the adjacent house where Bayo and Morgana lived in. We owe it to Mom, Dad and all of our ancestors to show them that we, as a UNITED family will continue their legacy." Amelia looks a me with huge eyes and then at her bump, she's now understanding the place of power and privilege in the pack that HER own child will have. Good! Because as Maco will be Head of our House, SHE will become it's Matriarch garnishing a place of higher hierarchy and power in our family. I'm sure Maco will explain that to her when they get home. Not only that, but because of that little boost in power, it should help her with her own confidence and healing. We can't have the matriarch of our family feel like she is trash because of what some animals did to her, so it will also be part of us as her family to keep feeding her ego. And it will be up to BOTH of them to ensure that our House endures, and that the children of every single one of us has a set place in the pack. Of our family, I don't know if anyone else that can do this better than him.

"You're sounding like Dad." He says bitterly. If only!

"Maco, I'm actually quoting Mom. You KNOW she put behind her Real connection and focused her energy to the Mirabal bloodline." Maco was the first born. He wasn't a Beta, but Mami saw his potential, and nurtured as she knew how. I think she would approve of this.

"When did she say that?" I walk over to the living area of my room where Nina took every one of the saved books from home and had Master Jorel make a beautiful bookcase for them. The rest are in my Temple. I take a dairy bounded in white leather and take it to Maco.

"There... It's her diary." He looked clearly uncomfortable to go into our mothers head. I found it fascinating! Especially after what happened yesterday morning after the meeting.

"Maco, she's gone... THIS is what we have left of her. Look, I know you guys only came for a short visit but this was serendipity. I really needed to talk to you about this especially with what happened yesterday." I explained to him what happened between Ura and Nina. And he was frowning in deep though.

"Yeah, I'll read what she has to say, does anyone else know?" Sigh...

"No... Not even Nina who put it there. You know how she is. I am trusting YOU with it, you'll find some very interesting information about our family in it." Several in fact!

"Maco, Tía is very capable at many things but it's always been you and Talia who try to keep the peace and even then you're the most capable of achieving Mom's goals for our family. More than ever we need SERENITY as the main energy feeding our filial Bond. Read her diary, Amelia already is understanding the position of power her child will have in the pack I hope you explain to her what her own standing shall be." He nods looking at her.

"This is how we survive..." He says standing up looking though some pages.

"No brother, no more surviving... This is how we ensure we LIVE!"
###chapter 143: Inked by Paco II
Loiza's POV

"Paco how long will it take for both arms?" It was a few hours until sunset yet, but I was so inpatient. So instead of counting the seconds for his return, I decided to get this done. Tomorrow is going to be a long day and I want to make sure that both packs have my full attention.

"Meh... I can get this done in an hour, two at most. It's very simple and it doesn't require any shading or anything. We can do this fast Izz! Even with the mandala hand coverings!" I did a little research after they had showed me the original tattoos and went to the library to see if there was any additional protection to add to it, the mandalas were recommended as they are in Gaia's grimoire. I already fed the twins and they went under again fast...

"Alrighty Paquito, ink away! Is there anything you need? And yes I got the herbal ready, do you want a beer?" I link Nina to come over for a second try at this and to bring a joint.

"Fuck yeah! Let us begin shall we My Lady?!" Ha! I know he, Nina and half the island were weirded out by me, however Paco treated it more like a joke. He would do all the protocol as it was expected, yet he always did it in such a manner that everyone knew he was not serious. I really appreciated that, Nina and Natalia used to hang out with him all the time at his house right across the street from ours, their house shares the same drop-down cliff as The Fort, but the back of their house is part of the massive wall surrounding all of the citadel that protected from invaders and their cannons centuries ago. His family is a Legacy Kappa family who have hailed as some of the best artists of Karaya and like our family, come from the island natively called Borikén, The Land of the Brave Lord. Grand name for a land that has been colonized twice and now is called Puerto Rico, it tasted a little bitter in my mouth. In our blood flows the history of this region, we who fought back and yet were almost extinct, we came together, we swore the sacred oath of loyalty to each other till death.

His mate, two of his sisters and one of his nephews died in the incident. They came back to the island dusted off and kept on going, he even got a second chance mate! That does not happen to everyone. That is why their family holds the position they have in the tribe. Let them call me a butcher if they want... Wouldn't be the first time.

'Do you want me to bring anything else over?' She asked.

'Nah, just your fabulous self, Paco's here for the tatts, we'll order an early dinner or a platter, ok?' Last I ate was with Kayden and yeah, my nerves have me a bit peckish.

'On our way!' I really want to get this out of the way, I fucking said his cursed name IN THE WATER! I saw that I had done that before in His memories and it didn't look like there was a problem, maybe I'm becoming paranoid. Pasha said herself quoting the humans that better safe than sorry, I guess I owe her this much. The Mermaids have found sanctuary and here I am invoking a monster!

"PAQUITOOOO!" Nina and Tony walk in and Nina goes to him while Tony sits across from me and starts rolling up! He's gotten so good at it that Ura now just chills out and let's him do it.

"Hey Hermosa! I hear you almost done with the city in the Caney District! Tony here, add some of Lady Ayana's brew! I say we mix that shit up!" Nice!

"Whoa that's an intriguing mix! I thought mine was good until I tasted Magdalena's and mixing it up with Ayana's should be interesting! I haven't tended to a garden since I finished my High Priestess title I'm starting to feel a little rusty, I'm going to have to start the Prime Priestess training soon, that's the one that really has a little nervous." Like the pro he is, Paco already has the first stencil up before the first Puff, I link Domingo at the kitchens telling him to send up a platter because I was little hungry and I left it on his gracious hands to choose whatever he thought we would want.

'As our Queen commands! Loiza dear, I'm still recovering from this morning, and then I hear you have several events happening afterwards... are you feeling all right mija? And I don't want to hear anything about it you are a QUEEN darling! So you're going to have to take it!' Sigh...

'I'm all right Domingo, really. Thank you for asking old friend. You say you still feel it, do you feel discomfort?' Tony FINALLY lights it up and pases to Nina.

"Hey guys I ordered beers and a platter do you guys want anything else?" Nina takes her puff and passes it at me and I take a hit and pass it to Paco.

'Oh honey! Nothing like that! Everyone's response to that after saying 'FUCK YEAH!' Is HARMONY! Hay mija, your Mami would be so proud of you, WE sure are! I can't wait to gloat that I made you your first Besitos de Coco when you were two!' That IS true! Ha!

'You gloat away! You have earned it as you have earned my heart!' Paco gets his hit and pass.

"Oh I definitely want something! I'll order it!" I'm already feeling the scratch of the needle on my skin, he decided to start by my shoulder opposite Sophia, I can feel him gaze at her

"Paco, Nina and I are going to talk some personal things right now, I swear to the Goddess that if you start a gossip chain I'll kill you! Do you understand? Or do you need me to put in a command?" I love Paco to death, his family and mine have been neighbors for centuries! It's like we are family in a way, but the man can't keep his mouth shut to save his life! But still I want to give him the benefit of the doubt, I don't want to give an Alpha command to an old friend.

"Izz, I won't be offended if you command me! And I know myself, so if you guys are going to talk personal things I'd rather you command me so that I definitely don't start any gossip chain, you guys are like sisters to me especially the annoying shopaholic one who can't drive!" DAMN! I look over at Nina and she's just grinding her teeth! And Tony started totally laughing at her. And of course I join in because I already feel baked! When's the food coming?

"Chèri, it seems you can't catch a break anywhere! Are you all right? I really like this combination Paco! Izzy, my dearest sister can you please beg the Lady Ayana to send us more of hers so we can mix it!" So it's not just me! Awesome I can still have The Circle! I was a little afraid after my Awakening that this would have no effect on me whatsoever and I am pleasantly pleased to report herbal Izzy is spiritually grounded for now!

"I definitely will Tony, this is amazing! Nina honey are you okay?" Tony goes and opens the door to get the food and the beers.

"It's okay. I think it's best I hear it from you guys, but just so you assholes know I will change what I really think I do need major improvement but I'm going to still be me so suck it up!" You see? I did know this was going to be a good thing! I love patting my own back!

"Hey Paco here have some, Tony can you pass me one of those? Nina I told you guys that this is going to be a good thing! It's like draining a festered wound! You'll see we'll be fine and what happened this morning proves it!" I hope she backs me on this.

"Nina part of the reunion is not just venting out all of our pent-up shit, I want to name Maco officially as Head of our family what do you think? And yes I did consider Natalia, she was a very close second. I can't do this part Nina, all the crap I have to deal with as well as Bayo is not good energy to pass down. Look at us now girl!" She took a sip of her beer and was contemplating the the matter at hand and I could tell that she was definitely taking every matter to consideration. Then she started nodding.

"I agree, it wouldn't be productive to put Tia in that position, she has more or less the same values that basically brought us to this. I have talked to Talia about this before and she is of the same mind... Sigh. Yeah, the one that usually gives off the most chill vibes of our lot is Maco, he always finds a way to accommodate everyone, Natalia usually doesn't take anything personal, although I know that she does have her own simmering issues. Just so you know I will back your choice." I KNOW Ura and Lola will be on board, we HAVE spoken of this senario a few times when we were on the field, it was always a very smooth operations with both of them and we had extra days to hang out and get to know interesting things from the countries we were in. This is when I most practiced what Nina taught me about humans, I still remember seeing Machu Picchu for the first time! It took my breath away... Literally, thank the Goddess for the coca leaves.

"I agree with that decision, you guys really need chill vibes! I mean the last time I saw Lola and Umbros he was spouting some venom at her!" Paco adds. Yeah I will never understand that relationship because Lola is super chill unless pushed to otherwise. However he is a Truth Seer so I don't know if he knows something I don't know.

"Yeah no shit! And it was just from a few years back to now. I really have no idea how that even started." Nina passes to me so I can take a hit and I hand it to Paco. And I got completely distracted because I am just noticing now I'm feeding Sophia something from the platter and I know she shouldn't be eating, it's just habit. I ordered some corn from the kitchen for her, meh... she always eats anything I'm eating anyway.

"Hey Paquito do you know if your cousin can come over tomorrow? I really want her to make a perch for Sophia." I start wiping her beak with a napkin trying to get whatever is she has in her beak but she will be relentless. Once it's hers it's HERS!

"Yeah I was just about to ask you about your creepy bird! Has Bayo seen it?!" And he just starts laughing with that hardy laugh of his! And I just basically linked to all of them what happened leaving some minor details out.

"Does he really still have that bird phobia? We're on Earth did he get that?!" Nina asks. No idea.

"Guys I would really appreciate it if you guys stop calling my Raven gifted to me by my mate like that! She has a name you know!" And I just realized I hadn't given it to them. Someone will ask eventually.

"Wait, Bayoán is really afraid of birds?" Tony asked and we all nodded to him rolling our eyes. Once Moraima was found they started her treatment again. The problem is her phobia is a much bigger problem, it must be extremely difficult for a werewolf to be terrified of wolves! And what happened to her is no joke, she was almost destroyed! It took a very long time for her to heal because she refused to shift. I imagine she lets her wolf out at the very least on the full moon because it must be hard as shit, but from what everybody says she doesn't do it at all! She is an amazing Warrior and Beta! Her family too is a Beta Legacy family, just like Victor's and my family. Her family still holds true to their original Taíno name, the Ayraguay family stems from what is now the country of the Dominican Republic. Victor used to joke saying that if we were mated and had Beta pups he wanted them fostered with them.

Suddenly I caught his scent! Aryn was very excited...
###chapter 144: The Circle Bond
Kayden's POV

I really hate moving, but THIS is totally worth it! I have to verify how I can bring the cars. Now that we actually have a whole pack that has fun racing it sure would have been pretty awesome to bring cars that you really can't race in Virginia! I leave the suitcases by what I know now to be the second closet and Caliburn behind them.

I go to the balcony and they're having a freaking Circle right now! Paco almost finished with her first arm! She looks at me smiling padding next to her to come sit by her and I do so saying hi to everyone. At least I feel comfortable with the people I'm around right now. And I'm already looking through the bond to catch up at where we are at and asked to get a hit after kissing my mate, I'm focusing my energy on the moment instead of her slight arousal so I actually verify what's on the table and holy shit it looks good!

"You came early! I didn't expect you for at least a little bit after dark! But it's better that way, we can break you in to The Circle! It took such a... GENTLE nudge from Nina to bring Tony over!" I look through her memories and I start smiling catching the gist, yeah I got this! I sent a reassurance to her that I'm absolutely fine. And she's relieved. I know she loves this, and I have found myself enjoying myself through her memories.

"So Antoine how much lube did you use to sit on the Eiffel Tower man?!" Either way I still am the God Apollo, I'm charming as fuck!

"Enough to make sure I don't hurt myself! Either way I already knew she would probably end up doing more damage! Being an Alpha not willing to yield! It's very hard to adjust to this minefield. She relaxes me and treats me better than I would ever want, but it feels like swimming in a pool with pretty sharks! I tell you this Bond thing is ridiculous!" Ha! Tell me about it! I still remember all the times she would be in a bad mood... she's of water and negotiates and adapts, but when she's done with negotiating she still brings the wrath of the ocean and typhoons. That's what makes water such a dangerous element, because of its malleability it's so unpredictable, you really never know what you're going to get next! Which also makes it very exciting! So I kind of got where he's coming from. After a few hits, some food and a few beers I'm really enjoying myself. And here I am living the life, super chill just enjoying a setting Sun in front of The Caribbean and we kept ordering more food and drink letting her scent fill my soul! She is so RELAXED... I lay my head on her lap and I feel her sparking fingers massage my scalp... Oh yes, I feel like I'm at home!

"Nina, link Ura and Frey or I swear sister we're not going to hear the end of this!" Nina instantly starts linking. Very good, he's ending the tattoos with mandalas... She'll need as much cosmic energy as possible. Paco goes to her other arm.

"Don't worry I explained everything they're on their way! Kayden, it's still not the same experience without Natalia so just bear with us ok? Paco can stand in for Talia this time, Goddess knows he's just as nosey and gossipy!" I wish Marcus would have been here, I should have brought him! But hey what can I say I wanted to come over to be with my mate and somebody had to take care of business. I'll bring him eventually he'll enjoy this, he really needs this.

"I swear sweetheart sometimes I don't know with you! You're accusing ME of being nosy. And don't give me shit about gossip, I know that some of you high and mighty cunts don't like it but I've never heard any of you say shut up Paco, I don't want to hear it!" We all started laughing, I'm actually guilty of not only just listening but inciting!

"Hey I admit it! I don't start any gossip train! But I don't fucking mind hearing it! If it arrives to my ears what can I do! And after coming back from Avalon I got so used to mom, Tia and Isla go at it, then I realized that this was apparently something normal here, because that doesn't happen in Avalon, everybody usually keeps intimate shit to their own! Magdalena is a year older than I am and even though I do remember her over there I don't remember anything about her because that's not how we used to go about. We work together, but I don't remember getting info on anyone that wasn't directly from them. Since moving here I know everything about everybody especially when I would visit Isla! I swear we should give her and Tía podcast!" She's so cute!

"Hey I heard that and I totally agree! Can you imagine? The Ex Director of OPIA and The Luna!" Ura and Freya show up with a box.

"So it's true! Good for you sweet sister hey Kayden!" Ura shakes my hand with a little too much pressure.

"I'm actually really glad you're here! I just want to emphasize that I want to see my sister smiling every time I see her! Welcome to Karaya man!" I see Freya glaring at me behind him with a face that basically says 'You heard him!' How could I forget the rogue?! That was another stupid choice Kayden seriously? I go through all of these scenarios and I'm already thinking of how I'm going to advise my son. With his genetics he could actually outshine Hector himself! He was such a dutiful son.

"I assure you Urayoán, I will work my ass off in that regard." THIS is the brother I KNOW I don't want angry at me. I know he's no match for me in a face to face fight, so does he... But from everything I have studied of him through Izz's mind he is the brother that they underestimate. However Izz would always trust him MOST when she was in the most dangerous missions... His power doesn't come from brute strength even though he's a powerful Gamma. In his silence he would watch everyone, because of his personality, he would take it in and considered everything that played out to better his particular gifts. When Izz came back from Avalon he found in her the kindred spirit he needed to practice his own strategies, and from what I keep looking in the bond, most HER VALUES are those HE taught her. And because they have so many shared experiences, have seen the worst and best in humanity together and at that moment would always consult and debate it, he has a VERY big influence on her... He is the silent lone predator who can stab your jugular before you catch his scent, a HUNTER in every sense of the word. They have dedicated years of studying the old ways of archery, and now I remember that in London he didn't carry a quiver! Both him and Izz carry their arrows on their draw hand! Artemis will definitely like him. I think on my relationship with my twin sister, my most beloved. Maybe if Artemis and her wouldn't have gotten along I most likely wouldn't have pursued her so much, but they and Medusa would hunt for days and then Artemis would tell me their adventures and it kept me intrigued. Knowing her, if I have a problem with her other brothers she'll most likely take my side. With Urayoán... She will want a VERY detailed explanation from both sides before she determines a side.

"Good. I'll be expecting your face muscles to hurt soon Izzy!" He says kissing her cheek and handing her the box.

"Yo Ura what's in the box?" Antoine asks, but Ura and Freya just smile.

"Ok Paco, give me a sec, apparently the presents just don't stop today!" She looks excited and Ura reclines back and Freya lays her head on his chest taking a hit.

It's wrapped in regular packing paper, but there's a stamp on the top, a she looks at him smiling. She just has too many memories with him to go through them, especially since I'm still waking. But I can feel she feels already very happy! I'm registering the stamp.

When she opens it it's a beautifully crafted glass blown pineapple. Parts were yellow, however it did have many greens and blues that transition to almost turquoise for the crown of the pineapple. And then I notice it... It's not simply a glass blown pineapple, it's a bong!

"Whoa! Ura?! This is a Master Murano! How much did you spend on this are you crazy? You know what? I don't want to know I love you big brother! This is perfect let's break her in!" And Nina goes to the little kitchen in the balcony and gets ice and wine while my beautiful Raven is wiping it with a silk rag.

"Hey Izzy since we're just making a night out of it should we put some music on! You can't tell me that YOU of all people doesn't have a music system around! Yo Kayden man she is a huge fan of drums but we all know she adores strings! Yo Izzy remember when you TRIED to learn to play the chelo? What a disaster!" Her eyes shoot daggers at Paco as see blushes deep! And I can't help but laugh and move her hair that is beautifully loose and kiss her long soft neck and linger at my mark making her melt.

"Buuu! Watch yourself control man this is The Circle this is the holiest of the holiest!" Wow! NINA'S giving me this! I look very deeply through the bond to make sure she has never done this in The Circle and to my fucking surprise she hasn't! Apparently this IS VERY SACRED to them!" And I can't help but start laughing and drinking the beer oh boy! Is this what joining a cult feels like? I try to remember if we ever did join a cult.

"Ok, ok, sorry! I'm new Nina give me a break, do you forgive me? I will hold sacred your holy traditions!" She gets beat red and looks at her mate.

"You see how easy that was Papi! I didn't even have to use my screechy voice!! Congratulations Kayden you have past the first test!" Test?

"What fucking test are you talking about?" Ura takes the bong and pours the wine and ice inside! Damn, that looks interesting, I feel my mates happiness at such a simple yet intimate moment with all of us. And now I understand that I didn't just get HER, I can't wait tomorrow to officially be in the link. They have perfected the art of living!

"You Kayden man, you're going to have to learn to tell Nina's bullshit she'll totally twist you! Even if you've seen Izzy's memory you still haven't scratched the surface! That's an endless pit of despair right there!" And I couldn't help but spit out my beer! Damn it! This is going to be more challenging than I thought because right at that moment Nina just gave me the glare of death from her eyes as if I had just taken a side! I feel like I'm in Mount Olympus again! Okay what was this weed mix again?

"Nina calm your damn tits! Papi don't worry about her shit, there's never been any rules of that matter... However baby, we just chill here, you'll understand later. Ura, you know how to deal with the sound system Maco put in better than I do, put something." And dusk is filled with the sound of Redemption Song while we hit the bong. The ice and wine cooled the smoke so it didn't hit so hard in the throat and the wine really did something to the flavor, perfection.

I don't remember the last time I heard that yet I notice that they have become a little more silent as the tune went on mixed with the buzz of the needle and the roar of the sea. I'm still not in their Link, but through Izzy's Bond I feel what they all feel, and I really pay attention to the words... And I notice that this HITS HARD at them, but I also get their resignation of the past. They used to belong to the Taíno Empire, worshiped as gods and now they're relegated to just one Island. They were the ones who got the first hit of the European invaders and betrayed by the natives and almost died out. Yet after 500 hundred years they stand thriving, resiliency is too small a word for them.

"Nina did you check out the measurements for the yard of the house?" Izz asks solemnly, her voice weak. Nina woke like from a trance and Paco put down the needle to rub his eyes. He's almost done, but he needs a break and Ura patted his shoulder passing him the bong. Izz takes his hand and Nina wraps her arms around his shoulders and kisses his cheek, I notice that Antoine was smiling calmly at his mate with pride in his eyes... No anger or jealousy at all. And it clicks! It's fine to display affection in The Circle, but since they kinda use it as a sort of bonding therapy, it just would be somewhat inappropriate to be VERY intimate with your mate when the intimacy of The Circle is for ALL of them.

Paco's mate died and from what I can see though her memories, this is his first Circle since what happened and with how in sync the pack is now they are giving him comfort. What happened this morning was an outburst of their collective pain... They are in harmony. 
###chapter 145: The Pit 🌶️🌶️🌶️
Loiza's POV

We hanged out for a little while longer after Paco finished my tattoos, for the Goddesses sake I hope this is ENOUGH! I always wanted to get tattoos but something nice and cohesive.

Then I kicked everyone out, I had already given instructions to Monica to feed the pups my milk that is already stored for them. I go over to him and wrap my arms around his neck and he puts both his hands at my waist. We just look each other for a long while.

"Was that all right? Or did I throw a lot at you? I really did not expect you to come so early. Are they airborne? is everything all right?" He just stares at me smiling. I feel myself blushing terribly and try to remember my training. It's not working.

He wraps his arms around my waist and hugs me tightly kissing my temple... "Are you kidding me? That was a special welcome Love, thank you!" I kiss his jaw and before I take off my dress he stands back to look at me. I'm still wearing the white robe I wore for the shrines this afternoon, ironically it's actually a very similar style to a what  Priestesses at Delphi wore. Only their robes usually tended to be pale yellow, and in special events, like when The Pythia or Oracle would channel a prophecy from Apollo would speak, then they would use the robes with heavier colors to emphasize the importance of the event. The darker the color of the robe would let on lookers know the importance since those dyes were not cheap, and if they wore purple... well, it meant you HAD to listen! In antiquity it took so much Carmine to make purple that I became a godly color. That's why it was the color the great Cesars of Rome would use to show their power, wealth and signaling their own closeness to the gods.

He goes and sits on the bed to observe me and I walk over to him putting his face in my hands.

"Is this how you like to see me? As I was?" He smiled. Putting his hands around my waist.

"You always ask me that question, and my answer is going to be the same... I'd like to look at you anyway I can! Phi if Helios would not have been born I would have allowed the world to go in darkness to just take you away and find another realm for us. I'm actually still thinking that's what we should do, leave them to this planet." I start tensing up. I'm not a celestial being, I am of the waters of the planet of Gaia, he however is an astral being, a star. I don't know if I could leave this planet. He notices my distress and stands up and wraps his arms around me.

"Forgive me Love, it was out of hand. I don't think Gaia would bind you to just her waters." I just let him hold me... I close my eyes, I don't want to think on this now. I wrap my arms around his chest taking in his scent. After a while he raised my face to see his own, he caressed my lips with his thumb and already I'm feeling lost in his eyes. 

He gives me that gentle smile he gave me since the first time we met. We are soaking each other up remembering... I put my hand to his cheek and he closes his eyes and pushes his face to my touch. Of all the gods who pursued me, it was his patience that won me over. He didn't take me like all the others would, we would sometimes sit in silence for hours, him playing his lyre, others we would have conversations that would last for days. I thought him the most beautiful of the gods, yet our love was built slowly, and one day I yearned for him so much that I decided I would be his come what may. After he stopped his carriage for that brief moment to see me, he came that night and took me away to a simple manor close to the ocean where he made love to me several times that night with the sound of the howls of his beloved wolves and the Aegean filling the darkness. It still gives me shivers... 

His smile grows as he can see in my memories, how I'm remembering everything. He takes off my robe and carries me to the bathroom.

"Would you do the honors my beautiful water Nymph?" I smile back at him as I filled the bathtub and he places me inside. He strips down and gets in with me and we are exactly in the same position we were when the daeva possessed him, I'm so thankful that my Master was here. It would have gathered information and taken it directly to Poseidon, my Master sent him directly to be Cerberus's dinner. Hades had given him specific instructions that whatever the Goddess Phoebe sent him was to be destroyed immediately. He again goes for the oils but this time he finds immediately what he's looking for... Orange blossoms, my flower. And as he pours it on my neck and starts rubbing me all over I feel my scent change, the smell of pineapple and vanilla welcoming the scent of orange blossoms just like his scent added the sunflowers. 

The sound of the lyre again filled my mind... He KNOWS my weakness so well and then he takes his lips to his Mark and lingers while cupping both my breasts. I lay my head back on his chest granting him more access, my fingers taking his thighs, I can already feel his want... My breasts show him mine. Yet his lips still linger at his Mark while his fingers are playing with my folds. I was in bliss, I wanted to feel like this forever.

His finger entered me gently... I was trying to hold my voice but he already knows what to do to get what he wants and a long moan left my lips. I don't know how long he had me like that, time had stopped. I notice that the only light now is of fire pit outside... It's roaring! I stand up and reach for his hand which he takes and lets me guide him outside. The night air is fresh and just cool enough. I Make him sit and I kneel before him...


Kayden's POV


"My Lord, need you to control that fire otherwise you might damage something. I need that fire that I'm seeing to be inside you and then release it to me do you remember Love?" I was trying, she always guides me.

"As you command My Lady..." She was already testing that command as she started stroking me gazing at me, the fire reflecting on her own eyes turning them as fire as well. The fire in the pit grows and she stops. Fuck! Idiot, do you want to burn this entire island?! I breathe in and focus my fire back where she wants it... Inside my dick.

Once the fire lowers I feel my need for her grow and she continues never breaking eye contact. I swallow hard, she's driving me to madness... She looks at the pit and sees that's contained, smiles and takes me in her mouth. I look up at the stars and take in their cosmic beauty and pass what I feel to her. She sits on me facing me with that gaze full of love that always filled my soul, my cock now surrounded by her softness, by her wetness, by her warmth. I can't help but give a low growl making me close my eyes for a moment as she moves her hips they way she knows I love.

When I open my eyes, the fire was dim but steady, it was burning exactly where it had to and following my command. I pushed myself at her, her lose hair being played with by the wind. I don't think that the effect of Eros's arrow will ever subside, nor do I want it to. I still thank my nephew for it, he and Psyche are in truth the first mates, and I will always be grateful for him for sharing it with me.

I know how much she loves ridding me, I want to take her but I love it when she takes me. I let her continue and bring her torso to mine and wrap my arms around her waist and burry my face in her breasts. Where the scent of our pups lingers filling my heart even more. Her moans, her scent, her softness... I can't hold myself and I roar releasing myself inside her and she releases her water. I claim her again and extend my canines and punch through my Mark again and she does the same... A do over. We stay like that for a bit I just want to keep holding her listening to her heart. She passes her fingers through my hair like she knows I love, her soothing healing fingers. All of these months in stress and agony, I finally feel like I can let go of all of it, she's finally in my arms again and I and hers.

I kiss her deeply and take her in my arms as she balls herself in them and I take us inside the water again. After getting cleaned we just laid in the bed together, her in my arms as I always love it, we just listen to the waves and I play in our mind the tunes I know she loves. Where IS my lyre?!

And suddenly the song of the little frogs they love so much sounds loudly making me jump a little and she laughed.

"He's been out there for a few nights! I think he found a little mate in the plants of the balcony. It's usually very rare for them to be so close to ocean water. I just let them be, they lull me to sleep, they're native to the original island where my family came from. Although you can really hear them all over The Caribbean now. My ancestors held them in high reverence." I hold on to her tight. 

"You really have come to love this land haven't you?" I ask her looking through it through her memories. 

"Yes! It is magical. I know you see it through my memory but wait till you actually taste it. The air in the mountains, in the rainforest, your wolf will go crazy in it! So many sounds and scents, so many rivers and lakes and then the ocean to swim in! And it's not just the island, they know how to live well. If we do this again, I want to come back here Love... I want us BOTH to come back here, do you think we can negotiate that?" I would grant her every request if I could.

"I will negotiate with Gaia when our time comes, is that all right Love? I think I will come to love this place too." At the sound of her silence I look down and I noticed she's already asleep. I stay looking at her for a long time... Immortality... Why would I want it without her? I would do it all over again, it was the easiest choice I've ever made...
###chapter 146: A New Home
Avis's POV

The pack is excited, Adam can't stop yapping about wanting to learn to be Double O Dummy. He was driving me nuts until Leo started chiming in and they just went on a rampage of stupidity, I just kept looking at her. Joey, Jason and his mate came with us to ensure that everything went smoothly. I have to hand it to The Osupa, they definitely have a knack for survival and endurance. When the guys came back from London and she wasn't with them I almost went berserk, she's not my mate, but there's something about her scent... It drew me to her since she came to our pack.

"Where the fuck is Josephine?!" I asked them and Leo, who I know was eyeing her making me furious, casually responds with:

"Yo man! Joey is one of THEM! She's an OSUPA SPY! The Luna sent her to check on us and help get us stronger!" What?!

"Avis look in the link man, check out the shit that they can do in HUMAN form!" Adam was sold on the idea of joining up THAT day. But I was focused on her, how she even changed the pitch of her voice to ensure her cover. It made me desire her more... But... She's not my mate. Why? My heart speeds up around her... I take a deep breath.

It's late by the time we arrive, yet the airport is alive! There are hundreds of them mobilizing everything... Joey takes my arm and guides us to a large hall with tables with platters of food. All of our things being labeled and I was given a card so I could get it latter. I handed it to Mom, I'll probably lose it, I see as her and my aunt go with my siblings and cousins to check out what to eat. Regardless of what the pack voted, I knew Kayden would choose her anyway and I was hoping for that. I had already spoken with my family and we had all decided that if Kayden moved to Karaya we would ask to go with him. Council be damned, my father died in the Great War and my uncle and older brother in a rogue attack two years ago. I'm the only Gamma born left in my family and my brother as well as my sisters are Kappas. My cousin Carmela is a Delta but she's still 15 and needs a lot of training, she's been really practicing The Osupa Delta training. I don't know how I could handle loosing anyone else and when I saw how they lived I was sold, I wanted to give my family a chance of not having to look behind their back all the time.

Marcus comes over with another Beta and Adam... I had heard Loiza had FOUR now!

"Yo Avis this is Beta Shomari, he will be helping us until we get initiated." His eyes... I don't want to link, I don't want to seem rude.

I extend my hand "Good to meet you Beta, thank you for receiving us!" He smiles shaking my hand.

"Likewise 'mate, it's fine go grab some grub! Beta Marcus we do want to expand the size of the airport now that we are STOCKED, but Chandrama is on their way and they didn't have the luxury you guys had of being able to take your time and pack. Fortunately because some of the aircraft they used is a little older they've made sure to take their time so that they arrived together, so it has slowed them down. That gives us time to take care of you guys and move you out before they arrive to give them also a chance to get a little rest before the ceremony in the morning, ok?" I heard that pack is around 7,000 yup they definitely need us out, and it's true, we were able to take our sweet time. I can't imagine the stress they had to just get out. My sisters were able to pick and choose what clothes and shoes to bring and Mom brought two boxes full of family albums and heirlooms!

"Thank you Beta, that is absolutely understandable, we know the conditions they have had to endure these past weeks. I'll make sure that the pack understands and we head out as soon as you instruct." Marcus was another I know would have followed Kayden regardless of what the pack voted on. Most were on board anyway and what happened yesterday made sure everyone who was doubtful changed their minds.

"We head out at first light, from our reports that's when Chandrama arrives so please bear with us, you guys go eat up and rest we hope that by the afternoon you all have a home. You guys can pick and choose later where on the island you want to live! Once in the link you can contact those of Blood Moon that returned with The Osupa, they are already waiting for you guys!" Over 400 of them saw THEN what we know NOW. A better life for our family. I saw how our Luna carried herself, I saw her coronation from the Goddess herself! When we found out she left it wasn't just Kayden's pain we felt, but our own. I could see how she treated her people, how she mobilized her pack to help others while they were refugees themselves! Kayden was right... She's no Luna.

We ate to our hearts desire! Food from all over the world! We heard different languages be spoken, my sister Sierra and Carmela came over too exited to chill with the rest of the family.

"I can't wait to see our new home! The Sun is sure taking it's sweet time!" Sierra says. Joey, Jason and Bree smile at them. I wanted to keep hanging out with her... But sunrise surprised us.

"Remember guys, we're closer to the equator line so sunrise and sunset will be very similar all year round. So you won't have to worry about daylight savings time or any of that! We have one season, an endless summer!" She lights up.

"I'm so glad our ancestors made the detour!" She says.

"Don't get us wrong we love the snow it's our specialty, but to know that in spite of the cold we can always go back and our home is warm! It's always awesome! Every new mission makes me love home more!" Brianna adds. Detour?

Everyone starts walking out and there are buses waiting. My brother is escorting Mom to the same bus Marcus is at and Joey starts going that way so I do as well.

"Joey what do you mean your ancestors made a detour?" Her and her sister smile.

"Well if you've noticed like my sister and myself, everyone in my family carries a particular mutation. Our wolves are white not native to THIS region. Our family originally comes from Scandinavia, when Spain offered Europeans to convert to Catholicism in exchange for land in the New World our pack decided to go with the humans and find a new home. Lo and behold the native werewolf population was on the run. We had a choice, we decided to stick with the native packs and join THEM, it's the same with the San Germaine family, they came from the outskirts of Paris. Both of our families joined the tribe BEFORE we had Karaya, before we were Osupa. Our family names are Legacies in the annals of our history! So when I mean detour, I mean 180 degrees!" Marcus and I look at each other.

'They REALLY love their home! What do you think she means that they are Legacies?' He looks out at the lushness and beauty that the Sun is now uncovering. The weather is perfect!

'No idea, I guess we'll find out! This is just their airport dude! Can you imagine?! Our new home has it's own airport and three cities!' Jason did mention that her family is a big deal here... So even though they are not originally from this region they feel just as hardcore Osupa as the rest. That's quite a relief, nobody wants to be treated as an outsider in their own home! Jason never mentioned being treated as an outsider, I just want my Mother to start smiling more. We start hearing airplanes... The other pack.

"Hey guys I was instructed by Beta Shomari to escorted your buss to The Fort, it takes about half an hour to get there, we are JUST outside Itiba City." Jacob comes over and jumps on the bus with us. Damn he also looks like he has put on some MAJOR pounds! He looks so different from that runt that psycho Marius wanted to hunt.

"So y'all ready to see HOME?! We'll only get to see a bit of it but it's a nice drive." He tells the driver to head out. And as we leave we see the ocean to our Left, my sisters and cousins eyes pressed to the window, I put my arm around my Mom, she's taking it in smiling.

"Hey Jacob where do you live man?" Marcus asks.

"We live at The Fort! It houses over 400 people, including us! Pheobe gets apartments since she is advisor to the Cacique. So don't be surprised when I warn you that this is a pack house on steroids, it's basically a castle!" 400?! Castle?

"It used to house the entire pack at first!" Joey adds. I look at Marcus he's just shaking his head in disbelief.

The buses drive off and we head for Itiba City taking the southern highway, Jacob explains that the other city, Atabex City, was designed and built immediately after they returned from Blood Moon to accommodate the huge dock that the Priestesses had created for their victory against The Council right on the shore. We learned about the other towns and how everything follows the Golden Ratio (yeah my brother had to explain that one) to give cohesion and aesthetic beauty. How everything in the island uses nature to power it, including most vehicles and how they're working on being completely fossil fuel independent.

"Are you telling me this island is that big? Does she intend on filling it to capacity?" Marcus asks when Jacob told him the island can house about a million people comfortably.

"So far they intend on still letting people in until the mark of 100,000 is met and see how the island fares with those numbers. By sitting on the Cacique's Council, Phoebe is privy to a lot of information but her Oath doesn't allow her to share everything." No wonder she made this calling to other packs! I really had no idea the island was that big, and while we are on the road I am noticing that it isn't some little deserted island. We notice the road signs are in about seven different languages! I suddenly feel a shift in my feelings towards Joey... I can't put my finger on it.

"We are getting close, do you see that light house?" Jason asks. And in the distance we can see a magnificent structure on a cliff with an old Spanish colonial style light house on a cliff next to it.

There's a collective awe of wonder in the link.

"Yeah but what is the building next to it?!" Sarah asks from the back. It's MASSIVE and glistening in the early sunlight with a crescent Moon base.

"Yeah, that's The Southern Cardinal Temple, The Lady Cresta is it's Guardian now but that used to be the Temple the Cacique used to be Guardian of before." Joey answers. What?!

"Joey that building is massive, are you telling me that she used to guard a temple that large on her own when she was 14?!" Delilah asks standing a bit to see it better. I really didn't have any responsibilities at that age except to be as strong as possible and not screw up at school! I look over at Marcus and he at me.

'Dude that's just ONE Temple... They have FOUR! I'm imagining a smaller version of Loiza working in that massive temple, can you imagine?! She already had to rule that at that age ALONE. She has been practicing ruling, organizing ceremonies, etc. since that age. So it wasn't just the books and training, she indeed had that amount of weight on her shoulders all that time!' He tells me. I saw those books... It was... Very enlightening. She's definitely no Luna.

"Yeah, you would be surprised what a 14 year old Priestess can do, The Lady Yaya is still Guardian of The Eastern Temple, but now that Avalon is more involved and Priestesses are coming with their packs, and some from Faerie all four Cardinal Temples and several shrines have Guardians and most girls that didn't pass their trials insist on being Priestess Handmaids to assist." No wonder Selene keeps Blessing them, we didn't even have a shrine until Kayden ordered one made.

We start seeing another massive white building right on the cliff. Jacob points at it: "The Alpha's Fort!" And by the Goddess it IS like a castle! I look at Marcus dumbfounded.

"Are you serious Jacob?! That's where we're going?" I ask. It's definitely no pack house!

"Yup, it's been there for over 400 years, when our ancestors, the first Osupa found Karaya, that's the first formal building that they put ALL their work into. They had been driven out off the other islands and we were determined to keep this one from invaders. The walled citadel came after or basically the the historic part of Itiba City, later they built the modern part where most of the population of the island lives right now... The volcano attack was directed there. When we got here most of the debris and repairs had been cleared and done by the power of Avalon, yet they made sure to make it better, you guys will get used to it! The city in the mountains is almost complete and already people are moving." Marcus and I can't tear our eyes from it. And the city in the distance reminds me of pictures I've seen of Dubai but except for dessert, it's lush and green! Plants dropping from balconies!

"Yo look at the city! I thought it would be like a town or a village... That's insane! Is it me or do the buildings look like sea shells?!" Adam can't believe it! Fuck I can't believe it! this is WAY more than what I expected! Everyone in the Link is so alert taking it all in.

By the time we arrive, there's a cobble stone road leading to the magnificent building and has massive open grounds on both sides of the road with dozens of kids already starting playing soccer on the grounds.

"What's up with the kids?" Joey looked confused and looked.

"What about 'em?" And Jason comes to the rescue.

"Nah man it's cool, it's Saturday! The kids here really make sure to enjoy their weekend! You should have seen it in March! The kids fly kites all month celebrating the Spring Equinox and the arrival of the Northern Winds. It's an awesome festival!" I look at my little nice with her mother... My brother would have loved to see them happy. I hope I made the right choice for them... As we get off the bus it hits me in the face! I look for the scent and Joey runs out to hug another girl who looks EXACTLY like her except for her hair... It's HER! No wonder Romo was confused about Joey! It's her twin sister who is MATE! She pushed Joey off and ran to me and like an idiot I couldn't help myself and go to her and she jumped into my arms! I fucking can't believe this! Where was she when The Osupa were at Blood Moon?! She takes my face and kisses me deeply and I am in heaven...

"I'm Avis mate, and I never thought I would find you!" My brother links me to let me know to go ahead, that him and Carmela will stay with Mom.

"I'm Samantha..." she whispers in my ear giving me goosebumps all over my body, damn it, focus idiot! Yeah you have her and they don't reject their mates calm down! "... Everyone calls me Sammy and you are adorable Ginger Ale! Let's ditch all this, the moment you claim me, your in!" And she kisses that ear... oh man! I'm already feeling hard as fuck! So I just gulp and nod willing to obey any command she gives me.

"Yo Joey! Handle this please my dearest sister, I have a mate to claim!" And before anyone could answer she took my hand sending an array of electricity and I can't handle myself anymore and kissed her again and take in her scent I have never smelled before...

"Twinflower, Ginger Ale." she says as we walk towards The Citadel. "It's a flower, it grows a lot in Sweden, I imagine you're trying to pinpoint my scent?" I have to hit the books, there is so much history in this island is giving me whiplash!

"I was trying to pinpoint it! You are exquisite beautiful! So you're going to claim me?" She gives me a devilish smile.

"Well duh! Otherwise I wouldn't be kidnapping you right now taking you to our ancestral home in the citadel, it's small but it's always awesome to stay over. Our main estate is in the mountains." Estate?

"What? Are you some kind of rich girl?" She smiles.

"You just got here cutie and I assure you Avis you'll get to know EVERYTHING about me..." 
###chapter 147: The Greeting
Marcus POV

Great! Even Avis finds his mate! If this island is as big as Jacob says, mine could be here and I'm already feeling anxious. The kids started to join the Osupa ones playing in the expanse of the open fields. There are tents to accommodate any needs anyone may have, everyone is just walking around and taking everything in. A lot of the teenagers go directly to look at the massive walls with sentinel forts here and there, and climb up on top of them, walking on top of it as it's 25 feet thick to look at the ocean at the bottom of the cliff, I was going to scold them at first, but Shomari stopped me, he shook his head.

"It's FINE Marcus! We won't be attacked by pirate's cannons today! The Fort, the grounds around it, the walls of the city... They belong to everyone! It's super early right now so mostly the younger kids are up, but wait till you guys come out later. It's Saturday so believe me this is going to be filled up with a ton of kids, teenagers making out by the wall, people going about their day, surfers racing to Fortaleza Beach... They've been cooped up in a plane and then a bus for quite a bit it's better if they just go ahead and be kids and blow off steam!" Adam, his brother Aaron and his mate Haylee sit on the grass and let their pups join the other kids that wanted to explore the ancient wall.

"Beta Shomari, is it true?! Pirates attacked Karaya?" He smiled at them.

"Yup! Let's just say that Sir Francis Drake is not considered a knight in Karaya, here he is known as the PIRATE Francis Drake, he did attack The Citadel in 1596 and died very shortly after, it is reported that he died of dysentery in Panama, humans and their revised history... The Osupa poisoned him before he could disclose their location, all of his ship logs and diaries swapped for fake ones, the truth gone forever. And you see that bay over there?" He says pointing North where there's another cliff drop with a bay below it...

"That's Cofresí Bay, named after the pirate Roberto Cofresí, he was welcomed here and used to trade, he never disclosed our location and The Osupa would hide him... However he got caught and was executed by a firing squad... You guys will learn all about it in school!" The kids were fascinated by the story.

"WHOA! Were the ship logs really gone for good?" Adam's nephew Ben asked. Shomari shook his head.

"Nope! WE have them! I've seen them! And so can you guys... Wait till you go to the museum! They even have the ships and canoes they used to find this island. Even the Cacique's own family's boat is there! All of the families donated their boats to the tribe!" The kids go to tell the others and many run to the wall. A museum?!

"Marcus, the Cacique has ordered you go to her rooms to meet up with Alpha Kayden. Beta Víctor is coming out to escort you. Relax Marcus, Chandrama hasn't left the airport yet and we got it covered ok?" I see Beta Víctor coming our way.

"Hey Marcus, long time no see?" Indeed, he shakes my hand. Last time I almost got shot and blown to bits! Ha!

"Thank you for receiving us Beta, where is Beta Bayoán?" I asked as we head inside.

"He's on Leave, his son was born two nights ago! Another Beta!" A hybrid Beta?! Fascinating!

"Is the mother's health well? I have read that a hybrid birth strains the mother. Our own witch Endora could assist, she may not be as skilled, but she has proven helpful." She seemed like a tough one and if Selene mated them it means she's on another level.

"Morgana is well! She's the most powerful spellcaster on the island, and Bayoán's Leave will be as long as it needs to be to ensure the health of the mother as well as the pup's. The tribe knows the strain she's endured and the potential for such a mix, so we pick up the slack. That's why we just went ahead and chose Shomari, does it make sense? Oh, and she does want to meet Endora, I know Phoebe went hard on her line of questioning, sorry about that. As fae you can imagine her distrust... Nevermind we just wanted some answers." Kayden had told me that this guy had history with Loiza, yet she named him her Beta, he didn't like it at first then something changed that even he seems to trust Víctor's judgement. And from what I know MYSELF of her, she puts the right person to the post that feeds MOST to their strengths.

"Absolutely! That's a very good plan indeed... How successful are the mutations?" I already read that this is Beta Instruction 101. They have a fascination for what we consider a genetic problem, they see it as a genetic potential! And just when he's going to explain we are at the entrance... This is definitely not a pack house... I gulp.

We're greeted by two massive dark varnished oak doors that must be over 20 feet tall. Behind it, an ornamental cast iron gates with leaves details that lead to a magnificent inner courtyard with two pools surrounded by walkways which are roofed by balconies from the floors above, so that if it rains those walking the halls don't get wet, however the rain will fall freely upon the pools. They are lined by spiral columns and in the middle of the courtyard an ancient tree with blooming red flowers. From the balconies lush green plants grow freely downwards, and some snake their way down the columns. The floors are made of black large stone slabs that definitely look centuries old.

"I don't think I have been in such a magnificent place!" I can't help it! This is insane!

"Meh... Wait till you visit Tenochtitlan! Now THAT is truly Magnificent! This was the home of ALL our ancestors once! THIS is where our history begins. The Fort is a public building and belongs to the tribe, however after the Legacy families moved out, our ancestors decided to grant the Caciques and their families to stay there. It helps to run government in a more structured way, you'll get to study all of it, BESIDES everything else The Council didn't inform you." Ok, it's not just numbers, it's history and strategy AND trying to be as strong as possible as the Alpha! This curriculum is making me a little nervous... He sees my clear discomfort.

"Relax man, the first rule is never let them see you sweat! You'll do fine, it's not you guys fault that you didn't receive the appropriate education. As long as you make sure that the next generation has every piece of data before making their own conclusions it's worth it. That's why we prefer not to censor anything... We just don't understand why all this information was denied to you guys to begin with. I mean it makes no sense from keeping this information from Betas, I've seen in more than one occasion an Alpha go fully feral. It completely destroys a pack! Those checks and balances are there for a reason." Yeah, he does sound more reasonable than from what I remember Bayoán.

We go to the right hall and reach a stairwell to what I asume is the second floor..."This building looks huge from the outside, how many floors does it have?" We walk the balcony halls of the floor just above the inner courtyard we were just at and there are dozens of dark oak doors that I assume are bedrooms or apartments.

"Well, we came in through the third floor and--" I stop him.

"Wait, THIRD floor?" He smiles.

"Marcus ask your brother later, the library here has all of that information and original blue prints, I'm sure he'll give you a tour... I mean, even school kids get to visit! It's a complicated structure, there's time to show you everything, but you have to remember that this is not a pack house, our ancestors were not looking for a place to fraternize, they needed a place to survive." All I know is that this place is insane, I can smell the kitchens, the ocean, flowers from a garden.

"Izz! The Alpha's brother, you good?" And Kayden opened the doors, the scent different but ok.

"Yeah! Thanks Vic! What's the stat with Chandrama?" Loiza asks as she is having her hair braided. She winks at me through the mirror and Kayden who's looking really good with some simple black slacks and white button shirt with rolled sleeves, walks with me out to the balcony, the rooms are bitchin but THIS!

"Nice huh?! How was your flight brother?" I could use a shower! But this... I look at the water and there's a fucking huge Killer Whale pod way down in the waters below! And a raven perched on a chair?

"It's been smooth... Avis found his mate!" For real! Ugh! I'm so letting this get to me I'm feeling like Adam here!

"No shit!" And from inside I hear Loiza ask who.

"Not sure on name but she's Joey's twin! And we go back to where they're still braiding her hair in a VERY complicated looking braid.

"That's Sammy! Wait! Didn't Joey kick his ass?" Ha! I think Adam is on to something with the spy shit! I guess it IS useful to have a spy network!

"That would be correct beautiful!" And Kayden kissed his Mark making her smile and blush but she stayed focused, helping herself in parts of the complicated braid. They look... ok... And now that I see them like this, they do make a very handsome couple.

"Well he's fucked! Joey's my girl, but in the field we are very careful with the team we choose. If an Epsilon was needed no matter what camouflage was required I always chose Sammy and Ura would always back it! If it's not a white out mission, the Spogels will usually dye their hair. In fact the mission that we finished the fastest was a team consisting of Sammy, Victor, Lola, Ura and myself! I think we finished that mission in less than 4 hours when we were given a month to solve it! We had a lot of fun in Spain! Just make sure that at the very least you're able to pass the test to leave the island so that you can travel abroad. Self-control is really the hardest thing that we have noticed everyone has had but once they get over with it they're totally fine." Oh well Avis, I guess we'll see how pussy whipped YOU are in 24 hours!

"Marcus we wanted to bring you up to meet some people. Sorry I had to keep it from you, only Jason knew... a-and he was being held hostage by The Osupa! Savage people you should run brother!" She clicks her tongue and rolls her eyes at him.

"Let The Luna in please." She instructs, Luna? I didn't get to see her at Blood Moon, and in comes an elegant, tall woman in her prime with ash blonde hair also in an elegant braid and dark coffee brown eyes. Lydia would talk about Isla's beauty with some reproach, she is indeed a very beautiful woman! But in her arms is a baby then another woman comes in with another. I look at Kayden... How?!

"Are they yours?!" I ask him and see daggers from Loiza in the mirror. Fuck!

"Smell yourself brother!" I take the boy carefully, he does have his exact eyes, Mom's eyes. I scent him and it's there, his blood matches ours! I breathe in his scent and Kay comes for him so I could take the other one... I look at Loiza, I thought Kayden had it though... She was PREGNANT and dealing with all this storm! I take the girl in my arms... The same eyes, the same scent. My kin!

I press her gently to me and keep smelling her hair. Isla and the other lady go sit on a couch by Loiza and she takes the strands of her hair that she was holding for the braid.

Kayden signals me to follow him outside, he still has the boy in his arms... I never would have imagined that he would have this much skill with pups and yet he looks like he's done it a hundred times.

"Sooooo, I guess you have a lot of explaining to do brother, let's start with something simple like, HOW?! These pups look quite hefty and she wasn't pregnant in London... What are their names?!" He smiles wiping something off the boy's shirt.

"Izz, got her Heat a day after we met, she was already an Alpha and gaining that physiology when we mated. She was fertilized immediately..." He explained everything to me. How he would sneak over here and give her post natal care, he even showed me the video of the pups birth, the particulars of the pregnancy, the mutation of their skin and the video of Loiza pleading for Kayden to get it together so he could be by her side.

"You knew since London? Brother, I don't know what to say! Congratulations on getting your family back! No wonder you were so desperate... And she named him after Deacon?! Ha! She IS a smart woman... It's like she wanted to give you credit yet it was your wolf who stayed truly loyal to her. Alpha Deacon, Alpha Jade... Nice ring to either. Do they have a system to determine who will rule?" Alpha TWINS, I don't remember there being such a phenomena in our family.

"Yeah, it's fine... Deacon was the one who kept pushing for me to just come clean, needless to say that he can't stop purring around them and the fact that Izzy acknowledges his love and loyalty, he loves her even more." So basically he wants to mate her himself, not with Kayden between them.

"They will determine who rules later, they have a system, but if one sibling refuses the challenge it goes to the other. That's what happened to her mother and her brother Alpha Gúarionex... Apparently SHE was the stronger yet she vouched for him. And because of him being first born and she being female, The Osupa accepted it." I have only heard of very few female Alphas leading a pack.

"Well I guess the success in her rule so far, especially with everything that's happened and so many submitting to her, might just change that not just for them, but for other packs." He thinks while inhaling Deacon's scent before kissing the top of his head.

"Maybe." He says looking at Jade.

"Either way brother, they are adorable and definitely look very strong!" He hands me Deacon and takes Jade and he smells her hair closing his eyes... A small frown on his brow.
###chapter 148: Umbros 🌶️🌶️🌶️
Umbros's POV

I'm so tired, I can't wait to soak in a very long, very warm bath. This mission was HELL! Tali and her non stop talking about any stupid shit that comes out her mouth and Lola... Ugh! Now that she found her mate is unbearable.

I hope to never find mine... I have always been worried about that.

As a Truth Seer I do know when people are spouting bullshit, but sometimes people don't have to lie to you to hurt you. Goddess I hope I don't meet anyone on my way to my rooms, I usually just want to be alone for a few days after. Everyone in the bus is chatting away, Tali talking with Lola and her mate Beta Ishaan, I look as Lola is still trying to comfort him and it seems to work. She's always been VERY good with men...

I have to give it to the guy... What he did must have taken every once of his will to do. I don't blame him... He has a large family to protect with many pups. I have a complicated relationship with my own family, especially my sisters, but I'll be damned if anyone dares mess with any of them! And just to imagine them in the circumstances Chandrama was just churns my stomach. I still haven't seen Ura's or Bayo's pups, but I still remember the scent of Izzy's twins, it's such a refreshing scent... Gogh, my wolf, couldn't help but whimper when we met them. I wouldn't have imagined Izz to be the first of us to have pups, one minute Morgana is the token family prego and Izzy and Ura, switch the nitro! Um, bad analogy... Last time I switched the nitro in a car race three other cars were destroyed. Ugh! Why do I suck so badly at it?! I haven't driven since.

We finally reach The Fort and just as I'm going to bolt out to head straight up to my room it hits me... Coffee and fresh cut grass! FUCK! Keep it together dork! Gogh is already pissed at me!

'At least take mate to the room to talk dickwad!' Shit... Ok it's now or never! I get off the bus and he is right by the entrance... My heart is racing! He's beautiful! Blonde sun kissed hair, bright honey colored eyes and his lips... I go to him.

"Follow me." I tell him calmly yet it did sound cold, and I'm instantly regretting it... DAMN it! I feel him follow me to my room on the 5th floor facing the lagoon. I close the door, raise the sound barrier and drop my bag and put my tomahawk on the dresser taking a deep breath.

"I'm sorry for my tone mate, I was fearful of this day." I can tell he wants more than talking, he's also a Gamma... "My name is Umbros, what's yours?" I was fearful of this day... I knew that when it did, what I've been hiding would be revealed and that it couldn't be helped. I already feel like just his scent is imperative for my existence.

"You FEARED me Umbros? You don't have to fear me Love, my name is Adam." He says with a smirk. And I feel him caress my ear with his lips... I let the goosebumps show. Oh my beautiful mate, I can't fear you. I look at him and take him in... He is hard and ready to be mine. I smile at his erection, his size looks perfect! And I am using everything to fucking control my dick, it seems to frustrate him... He, he! Impatient are we? I go to him and he's now not looking as cocky... I can scent his fear of rejection. That's not going to happen, but I need time to accept this myself. Unlike Nina, my escapades have always been PRIVATE and usually reserved for The District where confidentiality is guaranteed. As I get closer I caress his lips... Damn they're juicy! I kiss them to get a taste... Perfect. I feel his wolf Rune purring, he deepens the kiss and I stop.

"I don't fear YOU Adam. Do you want something to drink? Let's have a chat, please sit wherever you want." He's a little confused and nervous again, I go to one of my drawers where I usually already have some joints rolled up and light one up and go to the fridge in the back of my closet and grab two beers and hand him one. I pass him the joint and kiss his neck where I want to Mark him, I take his hand and lead him to the balcony and take a sip of beer. I sit down on the couch and signal for him to join me. He takes a hit and a sip and sits next to me.

"Do YOU fear me Adam?" And I'll know if you lie.

"I don't fear you Umbros, it's just that... Um..." He's adorable!

"Let's change the question... Does your family know? Your friends? Your pack?" He looks taken aback by the question. Goddess I want to jump him!

"No... I guess I..." I kiss his lips again... I want to remind him I'm his mate regardless. I want to make sure that he's gone through everything in his mind... Like I have.

"Adam have you ever thought what would happen if this day ever came? Believe me beautiful, I HAVE... MANY times." He looks like he's in a conundrum.

"Actually, not really. I have been with women, but..." He takes another hit, good I want him relaxed.

"... You didn't think on the AFTER Love?" His hair cascades short wisps over his eyes and I tuck some back kissing his temple.

"I guess not... FUCK!" Whoa easy!

"Adam, it's just US right now, do you understand? Relax baby, ok? Here take another hit and pass it over." He obeyed... My self control is at its peak. I'm already feeling I'm getting hard... shit... I don't even have Jading potion! He looks a little gloomy... It hurts. I take a deep hit and another sip. I lift his eyes to meet mine and caress his chin with my thumb. I see him shiver...

"So how do you want to go about this Adam? I'm not going to reject you, I WANT YOU! But I'm in the same boat. I've never told my family and I really don't have many friends. I've never been with a woman, I've never had to. I would just enjoy myself in The District. Do you want ME?" Now I'm the one nervous, if I have him, I just might be able to do this.


Adam's POV

SHIT! He's right! I didn't EVER think this through! What would my brother say?! The guys?! I stand up and rub my face... I definitely DO WANT HIM! And I'm hard again... He is GORGEOUS! Damn his skin is like cooper, his hair is as black as coal in a mohawk, his hair in front framing his really dark sapphire eyes that almost look black, and the rest in a long braid, he looks like something out of a western, I saw that he even did have a tomahawk! He is fine as fuck! He's just a little bit taller than me and I'm 6'2".

I used to have a crush on Marcus, but I never dared say anything and when they started being all girl crazy... I went along. He's though through everything and is giving me the chance to be SURE before going forward... 'He won't reject us! He WANTS US! Take him!' Rune commands me.

"How about this Adam... You go back with your family, get in the pack and we can go slow, or you can go ahead and reject me." WHAT? NO!

"NO! Please don't mention that again Umbros!" I kneel before him and put my head on his lap he runs his fingers through my hair. I can't help but close my eyes at the welcomed touch.

"Like I said Love, I won't EVER reject you. I leave it in your hands... To be honest I was thinking about tasting you but not Marking your beautiful self Mi Amor... to give you time to REALLY think about it, yet..." He takes my face in his hands and kisses me again making my damn ball sack throb! Yet? Yet what?! Oh my Goddess, Spanish! He's so sexy!

"Yet?" I need to know!

"... Yet I don't know that I will be able to contain Gogh once I unleash him upon you!" I start feeling him getting hard! Finally! I don't give a shit anymore. I grind my lips to his erection making him take off his shirt and whoa...

"Do you want me NOW baby? Remember what I told you, once we start it will be very hard to stop, if you don't want me to Mark you I need to know NOW!" And his eyes turn black making me gulp. He's leaving EVERY choice up to me.

"Umbros... How about you? You won't mind my Mark?" I kiss one of I don't know how many abs now.

"VERY much so! If you don't Mark me I WILL mind it VERY MUCH! That's why I want to know what YOU want Adam." What I want... I don't want to hurt him and I feel I will hurt if he's not with me. I go ahead and unbutton his jeans... Goddess help me, I want him SO MUCH!

"I want your Mark Umbros... I wan--" He didn't let me finish before kissing me hard and makes us stand, taking off my shirt, his pants and he turns me around and pushes himself against me... My heart can't stop pounding, I take off my pants and he grinds his hardness against my crack and he starts jerking me off his hands already wet with lube! Holy shit!

I have only been with two men and they were human, I had control of them! Him taking charge is driving me crazy! He kept stroking me better than I stroke myself! I try to touch him, but he doesn't let me, FUUUCK! I spill over on the floor and he takes a drop to his mouth.

"You taste delicious Love..." He kissed me gently and tenderly and I tasted myself in his mouth, I wanted to live there. I'm still hard as fuck! He notices my surprise.

"Don't worry Cariño, we've only started, you WILL BE MINE ADAM!" Oh man! I already LOVE my new home! 
###chapter 149: The Tackle
Marcus's POV

Where the fuck did Adam go?! Kayden and I went to the front where everyone is at. The buses with the pack from India are already empty and there's an enormous crowd.

'They look in terrible condition, and the pups!' I link Kayden. We usually made sure that the pups of the pack were safe and now that I met my niece and nephew I feel a little more sensitive towards it. I understand why Loiza would ask Kayden to keep quiet and why he would be on board, this place was becoming a haven and they were going to declare war. As Beta, security IS my main objective, I would have advised her likewise, ESPECIALLY when the pups are my own flesh and blood! Alpha twins product of two Alphas! Apparently it's not the first time for them, I would dare say that this is one of the oldest packs in The Americas and that long history allows them to have experience with many scenarios, so having records of two previous Alpha females allowed them to determine the best date for the war declaration.

K: 'I know... Now do you understand why we weren't a priority for The Osupa? We became one because they saw her stress and my desperation. We are here because the Event STILL has the world in a turmoil.'

M: I understand, I always understood that Kay, it was the feeling that I was loosing my brother to something we thought you had no power over. Do you think it was easy not just as your Beta, but as your brother, to watch you go down that path?! Kayden, I fucking had you on suicide watch after they left, I thought for a second that you were not going to come back. And then all of a sudden you had the soul searching experience and it totally blew me away, and then you are like a complete seesaw! Sometimes you'd be really high and sometimes you would be very, very low. And we still haven't really come to terms with with what Keaton and Lydia did. I understand that they don't blame us and they are being very welcoming, but this is insane. The future Alpha of this pack is between those two pups, sigh... I understand the why brother. Can we not keep secrets from each other anymore?' He looked taken aback but nodded in agreement. 'Thank you. Remember twat, you're all I've got left!'

K: 'You also have a family and a pack Marcus! They treat each other's mates as blood. You should meet Antoine, he had no one and just by being with ONE of them he got them ALL. You saw in the video that originally Izz wanted it be YOU to be liaison so you could bond with the pups. But I chose Jason because I NEEDED you, I still would have made the choice regardless of the pups... For me to get them again I needed YOU to ground me. Understood?!' I guess we'll see.

We meet up with Nina, Antoine, Ura, Freya, the Beta from India and that girl from London, that is almost identical to Loiza except for her eyes which were deep indigo blue, her cousin I think, they could pass for twins! And I see she has a fresh Mark, the Beta from India...

"What's the hold up?" Kayden asks.

"Meh! This is standard bro, especially with Phoebe and Jana rounding up this rodeo! What's up Marcus? You should have told your brother to fuck off and left someone else in charge and you should have hanged out with us yesterday! We should have Circle night now that Talia is here! Lola, where did she and Umbros go?" Circle?

'Circle?' I ask him. He just waved it away.

'You'll see... Nina's giving you the invite! You'll love it, trust me!' Asshole gives me a huge grin with two thumbs up...

"Nina, seriously don't you know our routines coming from these by now?! As much as Umbros loves to bitch about us, he sure learned to behave like us! I would be long gone if it wasn't for Ishaan... How are you feeling Papi?" He actually looks in good spirits!

"Are you fucking kidding me?! Yeah it was almost impossible, but now that we are here and I have you, I feel better. Fuck Darpan! How many had to die for his stupidity?!" He's about my size, with flowy black hair almost to his shoulders, black eyes and bronze skin.

We are instructed to go in the throne room and holy fuck! The huge room is round! The round walls had mosaics of seafaring searches, running wolves, old hieroglyphs with different symbols that I imagine are significant to The Osupa! Loiza sat on a wooden bench with wolf heads roaring at the sides.

One thing is to see the progress of the braid, another to see the end product! I had never imagined that we had anything like this in the warewolf world! She was flanked by the fae/elf girl with purple pixie cut hair in a simple purple gown, her wings in display, on her right and her other Beta, a beautiful girl with long braids in her hair in a tailored suit and Beta Shomari next to her.

She sat with her hands at her lap, fingers interlocked. She was dressed in a long purple sleeveless dress, with intricate ropes of the same fabric held it to her long neck crisscrossing in the back. Around her right arm a gold band with wolf heads at the end one going up, another down. Every finger had a plain gold ring, and gold beads with runes were scattered throughout her braid and the gold medallion that states her position of power among her people around her neck. I could now see her arms now that the robe she wore earlier doesn't cover them. She has a tattoo in each arm that goes down as a ribbon with runes and symbols inside ending with beautiful mandalas on top of her hands. She truly did officially look like a queen from antiquity! For those of our people who were able to come inside the throne room, throughout our link people were in awe and sending information of the vision to those outside. And from what I'm seeing from the other pack they're doing the same. Well Keaton and Lydia both did say this place was on another level! At least on that they spoke truth...

After we're all inside Kayden, myself and Beta Ishaan go to a platform on the second tier landing of stairs going to the throne. And she stands erect, she's emanating a strong aura to demonstrate her power and dominance to ensure our submission... It's overwhelming.

"We welcome you all on this happy day! Not only were we able to best our enemy together as one unit as we should always be, we have redeemed our vengeance! With the harmony we have achieved, our new brothers and sisters from India were able to arrive as safely as possible! Also because of the worldwide chaos we were able to achieve a goal that we long wanted to rest our heavy heart. My mate has come to be by my side as the Goddess intended, he has brought his own people to join ours so that we all shall be one! Blessed Be the Goddesses's Mercy!"

"Blessed Be!" Everyone repeats.

The ceremony proceeds with her blood letting... I'm feeling impatient now! And I'm loosing focus, Wilk is alert! My heart starts thumping.

K: 'Marcus, what's wrong?'

M: 'I don't know brother, just keep me focused, we are almost done right?!'

K: 'Yeah, just focus on drinking from the chalice and saying the words and we're clear, ok Marc?'

M: 'Yeah gotcha!'

I take a drink and pass it on so everyone can and focus on the words when it's time. And we are in The Osupa Link... We were bombarded by thousands of welcomes and outpour of love towards all of us! This isn't a Link, it's a Network and it's a lot the first minutes... then we hear the hum... They are helping us integrate easier by helping our brains sync with theirs. I look at Leo looking flushed and suddenly... A collective breath of harmony and we all breathe with them. Kayden looked back at everyone...

"Are you all ok? How are you feeling?" I'm already feeling very well, better than well. I feel their peace.

"This is amazing!" "Do you feel them?" "Hey I got in contact with Helena!"

"Alright guys head out! Their going to help with getting you settled!" Kayden bellowed. He goes up the stairs to where Loiza is and puts out his hand for her, she kisses his lips and takes his arm. He escorts her towards the exterior.


Kayden's POV


I'm finally IN! She looks like a vision and delivered beautifully, Blood Moon can't even believe a place like this existed for our people and when they saw her they finally understood that she could never be a Luna! Everyone who left with The Osupa are welcoming us along with the rest of the tribe.

As I'm escorting my woman outside where Luna Isla and her team are tending to her people. Before we leave the court yard, out of nowhere someone tackles Marcus to the floor, pinning him down and planting a kiss on his lips! "You sure took your damn sweet time mate! How rude of you for making me wait! But don't worry I forgive you!" A ligh copper skinned, slender yet tone girl with black hair cut in a bob with low bangs and sapphire eyes keeps Marcus pinned and kisses him more deeply now. Marcus just wraps his arms around her waist letting her have her way with him... Ooookaaay well that just happened!

"NATALIA! WHAT ON EARTH ARE YOU DOING?!" Izz shouts at her cousin, well I guess he'll be in a good mood! Izzy facepalms herself.

"I found my mate Izzy! Isn't he cute? I can't wait to finally play with him!" And Marcus is brimming! And I nudge him with my foot.

"No SHIT Talia! Have you even let him get a word in?" The others come over and Ura and Freya start laughing.

"Fuck off Izzy! You get to play with yours but I don't get to have MY fun?!" And Izz pushes me gently and with the wave of her hand pours some water from the pool on the both of them! "You better cool down cousin, just take him to your rooms at least! Marcus I'm SO SORRY but you have no idea what you're in for!" The Warrior who was true mate to Logan's wife comes up, laughing at the show with the others.

"Cacique will you be needing anything else from us?" And she opens her eyes with her hand still on her forehead... "No Sibo, go home and remember that you are on leave starting tomorrow. The Betas already have your papers ready, congratulations and good luck!" On leave? I look at her memories... Diana is pregnant with a LITTER of three! She wasn't barren at all, she just needed her true mate!

"FINE! Come mate I can smell you're a virgin and it's spiking my creativity! And she lifts him up up from the floor and drags him to the left walk way and up a stair way to who knows where! 'Brother will you be ok?' I link him. 'I have a very strong feeling that I will! See you later, don't wait for me!'

Loiza has her hand on her forehead like she has a migraine, I wrap my arms around her. "Don't worry love, he'll be fine, he's happy!" And they all give me a look and suddenly Freya and Ura can't stop laughing again, now with Lola and Nina joining in.
###chapter 150: The Negotiator 🌶️🌶️🌶️
Marcus's POV

After closing the door she turns to me, she takes a good look at me as I look at her. She was so chatty and yet now she's quiet... It's making me a bit nervous. The moment I took a step to go to her she puts up a finger. Is she a reader?

She goes and gets a bottle of tequila and a couple of shoot glasses and pours without breaking eye contact.

"Your Marcus, right? Kayden's brother?" She takes a shot and hands me one.

"Yeah... Natalia?" She pours again. This is not what I expected would happen when I found my mate.

"Yup, that would be me!" And takes the shoot. She signals me to a living area... This room is not as massive as Loiza's, but damn, it's big! I sit next to her, after waiting for this day I don't know what to do.

"Marcus... I like it! It has this Roman Emperor vibe..." I fucking think she IS a reader. She is is so beautiful! Her eyes are haunting! 

"I love the sound of yours Natalia... It sounds like a Bond Villain!" Ugh! WHAT. THE. ACTUAL. FUCK. MARCUS! But she's laughing her ass off!

"Holy shit! Now THAT is a SMOOTH pickup line if I ever heard one!" How does this fucking Bond work?! Shouldn't I be able to adjust to her?!

"Marcus, I'm not a reader if you were asking yourself that. I'm just very good at picking on very specific gestures and scents among other things, also information is my biggest trade. I already adore you! From the Bond, the intel I have on you and from what I can see, I know that you have been waiting for me. I know that you have stayed true to me. I have realized that THIS moment was VERY important for you. Marcus, I haven't been like you on that regard... Am I still ok? Did I ruin it? I'm sorry... I promise to make it up to you if you let me." Oh my Goddess! The look of worry in her makes my heart ache! FUCK THIS! I stand up and pick her up straddling me. She gave a little yelp and wrapped her arms around my neck.

I've been an idiot putting such high expectations, that I hurt her anyway by making her feel like she didn't meet them! And now I realize that she's Loiza's cousin who is a FUCKING Master Negotiator and field op, is just PERFECTLY fine as hell and MINE!

I sit her on the bed and I stand over her with my arms at each side of her my face pressed to her own, her eyes are such a peculiar blue! Like indigo.

"Listen to me Natalia, it's bullshit either way! I just fucking realized that you're the negotiator right? How many lives have you and your team saved this year alone? I have been looking at all of Loiza's pieces on her board and she sees you as a rook! Do you play chess Tali, you seem like the type?" Her slight pupil dilation gave her away, I didn't need her answer she already gave it to me. Before she could answer I just kissed her. My mate tastes so sweet! Two can play that game sweetheart, and I'm already very excited to play with you!

"Since you do I guess you see why she sees you as a rook, it's her favorite piece right? And there it is again but in the way she took her breath. She didn't have to answer, I kissed her even deeper. She just looked and smiled, she already knows that I'm on to her! Oh yes, she's perfect!

"I guess since I don't have to give you any answers for anything we can just move along shall we?" She pushes me off of her and just takes off her shirt and her bra and everything else then goes to the shower, she turns around and looks at me. She's not as slender as I thought! Her breasts are a very good size and that ass! Wilk and I are salivating.

"Didn't you just come from a flight too? Baby I just came from a mission! Trust me, I want to get all this grime off... I say we have a nice shower so strip and get your cute ass in here! Let me give you a proper Karaya welcome." Fuck yeah! I just strip and obey her. Ok focus Marcus! The moment I get in she takes her already soapy hands around my already hard dick stroking each hand in contrary motions to each other... FUCK! I almost came right then! The electricity around my shaft was intense!

"Baby, don't hold it, ok? I want you to relax and TRUST me I KNOW how to get you hard again FAST!" I released and it's HEAVEN! 

She didn't stop... It was TORTURE!

"TALIAAAA!" But she didn't stop. She looked at me with those haunting eyes and AGAIN I came HARDER! I almost buckled before I caught myself.

"Ok hot stuff... Now you're a little bit more relaxed for ME..." She scrubs me up and she puts my hands on her. I clean her down touching my woman all over and she keeps allowing me to do whatever I want. She hands me a towel with this huge grin of triumph and I KNOW I'm blushing like a motherfucker! Ugh! Again her laughter! She kissed my neck deeply, I hope she Marks me there.

As we're drying ourselves she gives me a mischievous smile.


Natalia's POV


I can't stop looking at him! I thought I was going to be like my mom and never find my mate. She traveled so much, but nothing, and she has always refused to say who our father is, all we know is he is father to all three of us.

Since getting the reports of what transpired at Blood Moon while I was in France, I have been studying the pack and it's key players. And after what happened in London, Lola gave me more insight, however I would have never guessed that I would be mated to Marcus! He is not my usual go to. I am usually a sucker for the tall, dark and handsome, I don't remember hooking up with a blond... But he IS a gorgeous! Since we have met his eyes have already changed three shades! I have always found magic in hazel eyes and he is VERY similar to his brother. I can tell he's nervous, he's so cute! I also know that he is very meticulous and has a keen eye for detail.

"What are you thinking beautiful?" He asks as he wraps his towel around his waist and coming to help dry my back.

"I thought you could already read me so you tell me." Those involuntary reactions made him a bit cocky so I upped my control game, I want to mate and Mark him ASAP, but I never was a saint, I never cared about having a relationship. I wasn't like Lola, Bayo, Maco or Izz, but this is my mate and I already feel so much for him... I KNOW he won't reject me. I just feel very insecure at the moment... I didn't expect to feel this way.

"Talia, I'm not a reader and maybe I can get some of your tells, but I'm still adapting sweetheart." His face looked so blue. No! I don't want to see him like that! I take his arms that are drying me, allowing the towel fall, and wrap myself in them. He holds me tighter kissing my neck.

"Tatiana had already told me about your nervous breakdown and how you were saving yourself for your mate... Seriously, why would The Council give all this nonsense information? When you find your mate the Bond helps you get over past relationships your mate had. I'm also sorry that your mom didn't explain... Marcus, I'm just trying to understand and not disappoint you. I've been to many packs and know how outsiders think." He gave me a complicated look and I felt his anxiety through the Bond when I mentioned his breakdown and his mother. He held me tighter like if I was going to run away.

"I have no mother." He said bitterly as he rested his chin on my shoulder. I rake my fingers through his blonde curls, everything I have read about him says that he's a Beta with exceptional potential and that he's an all-round good guy... How did I get so lucky? Besides his looks, smarts and personality, he's very well endowed! 

"I'm sorry for mentioning her Love. Marcus, YOU are not HER nor your father, do you understand me? Nobody in this pack holds blame towards you or Kayden. We have been working as hard as possible to get you guys HERE." I turn around and take his sweet face in my hands, he looked so embarrassed. 

"Marcus, I guess the Goddess thinks I need to be more sensitive and you more vocal... You are MY mate and I am YOURS." He looks at me with his mournful eyes, now with a slight blue hue surrounded by caramel. I kiss his lips with open eyes, I don't want to miss a thing and I unwrap his towel and let it fall, he wraps one arm around my waist and cups my face with his other hand and deepens our kiss. 

It's ok he's a virgin, I have done enough to guide him. I rake one hand down his sculpted chest and I already feel his arousal. None of the men or women I've been before has treated me with this tenderness, I used to think it was cheesy but now I feel overwhelmed by his love. I want him to feel special.

"Marcus, make love to me and claim me, we have a lifetime and I'm not going anywhere, ok?" He presses his forehead to mine.

"Natalia..." And he picked me up, I am allowing him to have it his way... My first time was awful, I want his to be memorable. He laid me on the bed and we made out for a bit until he felt comfortable enough to take his fingers down town... I was so wet for him. I wanted him NOW! Yet Cordelia was enjoying his gentleness and his eyes changed from it's blue hue to pale green, still with the caramel outer iris... My voice broke at the realization that green is his happy color and my moans started a crescendo as he started eating me. It was soft and sweet and I felt like in a trance. He traced kisses up my body and once again I am enraptured by the green in his eyes as I feel him entering me. He's a little nervous but my eyes are locked to his reassuring him that I am HIS, to not be afraid.

"Are you ok? Do you like it?" I ask softly and he nods as he pushes himself inside me more and I catch his rhythm. Oh my Goddess! This is way better than anything else I had before! My arms are wound up thigh around his massive back as he picks up more strength and speed to his thrusts turning my moans to an orgasm that wouldn't end. And his growls of pleasure were making it more intense. He keeps pounding me harder, my brain is syncing with his and I feel he will come soon, I feel Cordelia getting ready to Mark him the second he Marks me.

"Talia... I love you, you're exactly what I wanted." He says whispering and panting hoarsely in my ear as he came and out of nowhere his canines are out and he claims me! Whoa, now I understand when Nina told me it wasn't like a regular fuck! I'm disoriented and trying to grab my bearings and yet I see the place I wanted to put my mark and I lunge for it! 

We laid there for a bit, his head is on my chest while he is in my arms as we caught our bearings.

We started looking through the Bond and let the early afternoon sunlight bathe us. I started playing with his curls as he took my other hand and took it to his lips, he is so peaceful yet looking through the Bond I know combat and blood are no strangers to him.

"Are you hungry my love? This is your home, I'll show you how to link up with anyone in the kitchens and you can have anything you want or we can go there." There's no way he's going anywhere! He's my mate and his place is with me.

He looks up at me with a serene smile and the green in his eyes is now emerald like Morgana's! He's MINE and I know that those eyes are going to be the end of me!

"I am... But I don't want food right now." He started suckling and licking my nipples.

I don't care to remember how many times we made love but eventually the lovemaking and how tired we were from everything that came before got the better of us and I remember falling asleep in his arms as we just chatted about anything. I don't remember ever sleeping so soundly...
###chapter 151: Status
Lola's POV


I think I'll always feel somewhat responsable for what Ishaan did. Darpan used to be his Alpha, his friend... When we arrived at Chandrama and I found Ishaan I felt complete! I had a long relationship with Lorenzo, Daniella's nephew and a very skilled doctor from the Trudeau family. After I turned 18 and he wasn't it we stayed together. He was my first love but we had a very bad fallout before I left for France... When Mt. Cemí blew he was among the dead and since Mami was presumed dead too I didn't see much use to return home. We quarreled over something as stupid as me moving in with him, I'm 22 and wasn't ready to take our relationship of 5 years to the next level. He was 27 and didn't expect to find his mate and I really wasn't looking for mine... I guess the love I had for him wasn't enough. 

Ishaan knows everything. And even though Daniella and the rest of the Trudeau family have told me over and over that what happened to Enzo wasn't my fault, it still breaks my heart. Our last words were spoken in anger and disdain and now he's gone and I will never be able to repair our relationship. I see Izzy and Víctor and feel jealous of how they mended theirs. I went with them, Ura and Sammy in enough missions to know what was up and even though it took them a while they remembered that they genuinely loved each other and were able to adjust their love to good friendship. Lorenzo was a great boyfriend, but he was also a good friend... I miss him.

India was chaos! At least in France, Antoine was reasonable and was still a competent Alpha, but Darpan... He would have allowed every member to die to not give up his ever disappearing power. Ishaan was DONE with his bullshit before we arrived but when we met he wasn't going to allow me to stay in that hell and I wasn't going to leave him, so Darpan had to go and the pack was behind their Beta... They were done too. 

After the ceremony Janaína vowed to get his family situated while he received treatment. Every Beta was looking at him impressed... To be able to do what he did took almost everything from him. He puts up a strong front and smiles for my sake, for his family and pack, but I know it almost broke him. Since Jana took that worry from him, Daniella and Tatiana have been treating him. After a few days he got his appetite back and sleeps through the night soundly.

'Hey Lola, how's he doing?' Nina had already told me that we are meeting up today as a family to vent out and repair our relationship. Easier said than done, however I'm onboard with this. I am so fucking sick of the petty bullshit in our family and I would definitely like to know what the fuck made Umbros so hostile towards me... We weren't always like this! When we were kids, he was an awesome big brother, I tried ignoring him in the beginning and then his words would be more vicious. Enzo used to say that he was just a bitter jackass, but why would he be bitter at me? He would even snap at Tali when she would try to calm us down.

I look at Ishaan he still has a slight frown when he sleeps, I comb my fingers through his soft hair and his face relaxes.

'He's doing better, at what time do you want me over at the house?' I always lived at The Fort but I know that our HOME is our ancestral house just down the road, where the bones of our ancestors lie... Where MY bones will rest one day.

'Tatiana is going to give him another water cleanse today, he will heal cousin. Come over around 1:00, I'm going to start cooking so keep resting, ok?' As a Kappa, Nina is bar none the best cook in our family, she's no Domingo, but she's VERY good!

'Do you need help?' She knows it's bullshit, Gamma's suck at cooking, but I still can help her prep.

'It's fine sweetie, I have Maco and Amelia helping me prep. Just make sure to round up these idiots when you come over and don't worry about Umbros, Izzy and Ura are going to make sure he comes.' Sigh. 

'Ok, see you in a bit.' Just then Tatiana links me for Ishaan's treatment. I start kissing his face little by little until he starts stirring. 

"How long was I out Prem?" Over 16 hours, but he still needs more.

"As long as you had to Mi Amor, now get up. Tatiana is ready for another session with you and your taking a dive today!" He pulls me to him smiling and kissing me.

"Those are very relaxing, today is when you meet with your family right?" Even Mami has to go.

"Yeah." I ball myself in his strong arms and he kissed the top of my head.

"Lola this is good, you can get off your chest everything you want and get the answers you need baby. This is something that my sister has been wanting for a while as well for our family, maybe now that we are safe and healing we'll get to that." He has a big family and the strain of the past years is something that will crack relationships within a family.

He got up to get dressed to meet with Tatiana at Atabey General, the tanks for the treatments are all ready. Usually the hospital tends to be quite empty. Since The Incident, it has not stopped being full. The mind is the hardest thing to repair... Add to that the baby boom that started after the decimation of our people and all the refugees and the new members who receive treatment daily for the strain of all the strenuous training that they're now subjected to and still getting used to, and those who lost limbs are getting novel treatment that has helped those who lost minor things like toes and fingers get them back.

I get up too and join him in the shower and we can't help it anymore and we have a quickie... Back in India he would vent his anger and frustration when we fucked making those nights very intense! Just remembering opens Niagara Falls between my legs! It's been more subdued and tender since we got here, however I really want him to get better. I very much enjoy when we make love now, but there's days I want to go all out... I don't mind though, we have the rest of our lives.

We head over to the hospital and I listen with him the next steps for his recovery. Tatiana is actually very positive that he will be FULLY healed in less than a year! I comb my fingers through his hair and kiss his jaw and he gives me a hesitant smile.

"Don't worry Lola dear, we'll make a believer out of Ishaan that he will indeed heal! His serotonin and dopamine levels have shown a good increase in just a few days, he should be ready in less than a month to be able to start his training. He will of course continue to receive treatment because we definitely want him to be fully healed, however he is in the road to recovery whether he notices or not." Tatiana's apprentices have already prepped the tonics, potions and herbs that will go inside the tank along with my mate. At this point he really doesn't mind stripping anymore in front of everybody and as the apprentices adjust the mask over his nose and mouth I kiss him one last time on the cheek before he is inside the tank and he falls asleep again. 

"Yo, don't worry, he's very strong sis, he'll be fine!" I had scent Tali, but the scent of the herbs, medications and disinfectants are overwhelming. Chis, Phis and Omegas are not just physically weaker, but their sense of smell is very particular to not be compromised by the scent of all the herbs and chemicals they have to deal with. That's what makes them exceptional at what they are, I hate going to the hospital as a patient let alone work there as a doctor! I look up at Tali and Marcus, and I finally catch her new scent.

"So that's what you've been doing? I thought you were just going through your regular routine after a mission. Welcome to our family Marcus!" I stand up and hug my new brother, if only he could replace my old one!

"Yeah, I was, only this time I had better entertainment!" I swear, her and Nina don't have an OUNCE of shame! Although I must admit, Tali usually kept it on the DL and Nina has become quite the model citizen. I look at Marcus with sympathy but he seems VERY happy. And so does she! 

"It's good to officially meet you Lola! The circumstances we met last time were a little... chaotic." Yeah no shit! I chuckle remembering.

"C'mon Marcus, it wasn't so bad! As long as Umbros is not flying or driving I assure you'll be safe." Dumbass can't even keep a car steady!

"I've heard some stories!" With how gossip works here... 

"With the chismosos in this pack no doubt!" I say looking at Talia with a raised eyebrow. Before she gives me shit about it...

"So what are you guys doing here?" I look at the time and get up to head to the house.

"We came to get you pendeja, you don't have to be a cunt about it!" I look down, her own birthday is a week from now. Unlike Izz, Tali LOVES her birthday parties.

"Tali, I'm sorry. I want to get this done and yet not you know? It just irritates me and because Ishaan is still recovering... Nevermind, it was my bad." I look at him in the tank and I feel Marcus putting his arm around my shoulder nudging me out.

"Lola, what he did was something I haven't heard any Beta do and your sister KNOWS your stress right baby?" He puts his other arm around Talia and we head out.

"I know, it's fine Lola and he is going to be fine too, ok?" She pinched my cheek gently. It's her little diffuser move to show there's no hard feelings.

"Ok. Still, you ARE a chismosa!" And they both chuckle.

"It's a good thing that I know how to tap into the Bond now and made sure to get my Spanish, French and Portuguese down. Now I just have to hack the rest!" Marcus says. 

Ishaan did the same, he's even gotten better at sparing hand to hand in human form. I'm not as good with a bow and sharp shooting as Izzy and Ura, but I've always loved swordsmanship, in that they can't beat me. Sadly I lost my sword in the trek from France to Sardinia, damn rogue almost bit my arm off to get it and now it's at the bottom of the Mediterranean. I have to go to the armory to get another, I really missed having one in London and India. Good thing is Ishaan is a pro at Khadgavidya and his preferred type is the curved single-edge sword, however since everything happened so quickly many things that were packed to go we're left behind. Maybe Mami will lend me some money to commission one for him, since it's one of my skills that I use for work the Treasury will pay for one for me. Don't get me wrong, our family isn't poor by any means, but most of us are quite frugal. I have heard that Nina and Maco have been tapping into the family money but since it's to update the house everyone is on board with it.

"Which Portuguese did you learn?" I ask casually making small talk as we get in the car.

"What do you mean?" He asks with a bit of apprehension and I look at my sister.

"Talia, you have to explain to him that certain languages have variations. Marcus, Portuguese from Portugal and Brazil are different, there are even things they don't understand between each other. Like with Spanish... And I'm not talking about accents, we speak Castilian Spanish, yet there's Catalán, Gallego, the variant from Navarre and I consider it rude to add Basque to Spanish, but tell that to the Spanish government. And OUR particular Spanish is very similar to the one spoken in The Canary Islands." A great number of our ancestors from Spain hail from The Canary Islands, Cataluña and Andalusia. He looked at Talia while she drove.

"Is that true baby?! Shit... I'm going to need the Cliff Notes for everything you already know!" Yeah! The kids that have been arriving can't believe the amount of time they have to dedicate to school. They get in at 9:00 am, but they get out at 5:00 pm. But in that time they're thought combat training, basic survival skills, agronomy and sailing, besides the other disciplines of mathematics, science, languages, history, etc. However the kids don't get homework and in many cases there are other elective classes most kids take voluntarily after school. For us it was even more strenuous because we were educated at The Fort and Legacy families that are wealthier have their own teachers and trainers. 

It's one of the many reasons that some families choose to serve at The Fort. Miguelina's family, the De la Torres's have served for the past three generations. They get the same perks everyone else who lives at The Fort gets including the best education, the best doctors, the best food and get to live in the best real estate on the island. And because of this the De la Torres family has been able to grow in power and wealth in the tribe, but since many of them stay serving at The Fort they retain the amenities. Last I heard, Rubén and Gadiel, Miguelina's grandsons have been negotiating with Isla and Bayoán to buy the Real family's ancestral home in The Citadel. To have a historic home in The Old City is considered the highest status symbol in the tribe, just like being a Legacy family. If they achieve it, their standing in the pack will change, it's been this way for centuries. One family falls while another rises and the Real family ancestral home is one of the most luxurious in Old Itiba.

Our family IS a Legacy family, we were part of the main families who founded Karaya and even though we don't have a grand estate on the island, we do have the best piece of real estate second only to The Fort!

"Alright we're here, baby the only mate allowed is Amelia and I imagine why. Go and play with your brother or something... The Mirabals are headed into dangerous waters like our piracy days. I'll tell you who survived latter, ok?" He laughs at that. I think he thinks she's not being literal. Innocence and ignorance is indeed bliss...
###chapter 152: Origins
Amelia's POV

I'm recovering everyday. I thought it a little rude when Maco told me that he was an engineer and he could fix anything, and even though I told him I wasn't a machine, he HAS indeed been fixing me. I was terrified of intimacy the first few weeks, we didn't even sleep in the same room... Yet I didn't want to be away from him. When he told me he was happy to just BE with me and that we didn't have to DO anything I started getting depressed again. That night I couldn't sleep and went to his room and lay in bed with him, he didn't say anything... He just got closer and took me in his arms. His steady heartbeat and the soft breeze from the bay lulled me to sleep. I feel secure with him and Suania comes almost every day with Nasser to help me with anything I need.

I wanted to start training with Ana whom I trust, but she works in mental health. "Amelia, your skills in surgery surpass mine substantially, wouldn't you prefer to continue that? Remember hun you're going through your own stuff, if you go to mental health and you have your own patient who does or says something to trigger your own trauma how are you going to help him or her?" She was absolutely right! How could I in good conscious as a doctor help someone that I could possibly injure later? That would make me very irresponsible indeed. She sent me to Fabiola of the Villavicencio family, an Omega Legacy family that specialized in micro surgery. When the Warriors get hurt in combat they heal, no problem. However there are circumstances that grave damage is done and sometimes when silver and wolfsbane is in the mix usually the limb is severed or the patient dies from the corruption, especially when it's not a limb wound. The Osupa have techniques to seek the poison and save the patient fully. They don't mess around when it comes to not loosing ANYONE or their limbs from the tribe. They have been working on cloning lost limbs from The Incident and micro surgery is effectively attaching those limbs! There are so many who are being treated successfully! Next to Atabey General there is a ###chapter building for the Medical School of The University where I'm now learning these techniques with Fabiola since I'm still apprehensive of being around large groups, I am getting better though and I'm very excited to start practicing in the lab!

After talking with Izzy about her plans for our family, Maco explained MY ROLE... If he's head of the family, I would be it's Matriarch. And after learning the place of privilege in this pack our daughter would enjoy, I was more determined than ever to put my past as behind me as possible. My own family of mostly Deltas didn't care what happened to me and last I heard Alpha Kayden took their heads... I was glad and relieved. TWO of my own brothers partook in my rape! I wanted nothing to do with them and decided to take the Mirabal name, it's not common practice here. Usually both males and females keep their family name till they die, I just wanted to expunge my past completely, those people were no family. I told Maco I would stand by him if that was what they chose and after reading his mother's diary... Uff! No wonder she refused to be Alpha.

"Hey! It's smelling good!" I already hear Natalia and Lola here. We've been all morning helping Nina prep and following her instructions, and I must admit I have been 'sampling' more of the food than I should... It's just SO GOOD!

"What are you making prima?" Lola goes to greet Nina and Maco, she waves at me. I know why they're doing this, Izzy the other day didn't touch me and even willful Nía doesn't push. This pack IS special... They know what happened to me and have embraced me as family but take into account what happened to not make me feel uncomfortable. I feel all the love they send me and I must admit, it HAS been very helpful. Back at that place I don't want to remember, everyone would make fun of my mismatched eyes... HERE everyone is captivated by them and Maco has asked the Lady Magdalena prayers for our daughter to inherit this trait. For them it's not an imperfection and when the albinos came with those with vitiligo and I saw how the Temples filled up with people WANTING matings, I was shook! Fabiola explained to me that those traits are not just VALUABLE to them, but that it was a natural processes of evolution and to a point an aphrodisiac! The Spogel family begged to train the albinos and the Saint Germaines pleaded for those with vitiligo. They are the MAIN Epsilon and most diverse Legacy family on the island. None look related, and because of that varied diversity they ALWAYS have a finely trained Master Spy for Every. Single. Country on the planet. I love it here. I love my mate and I love that my children will grow up in this environment of not tolerance, but RESPECT.

"Hey prima! Well I'm made pastelón which I know is Maco's favorite, the onion rice is done, the chickens are almost roasted to perfection to pair up with the mangú, a codito salad and a green salad, and there's blue crab alcapurrias in the second oven to keep them warm to munch on! They're cold beers in the fridge and here are some joints! Light up ladies! We're going to rumble!" They both lunge at the oven to get an alcapurria. Nina made enough food for a battalion! Once the talking is over, hopefully without casualties, she wants everyone's mates to come over so they can eat supper. This is also THEIR home.

"Oh my Goddess Nina! These are almost as good as the ones Justina sells in her kiosks by the beaches, is this Berto's recipe?!" ALMOST indeed. Justina is already an Elder but refuses to retire and she and her family won't disclose her recipe to anyone! They basically have a monopoly on the dish and have kiosks in several beaches, they go themselves to catch the choicest crabs to add to their crab farm so that theirs are the BEST! The Clementes are a Legacy Kappa family with a tiny home in The Citadel, however they have managed their business so well that they have a small town of their own on the coast North of Itiba where they have their farm and that's not the only dish the won't share the recipe.

"Yup! I can't compete with Madam Clemente but I did buy the jueyes (crabs) from them. Anyway, since you guys are early can you help Maco in the dining room, and we definitely need the sound barrier for this! Goddess knows this is going to be... Well... Interesting." She says as she stirs the rice again in the huge caldero. I had seen it with the other pots and pans but didn't know what it was for until today! I just usually use a rice cooker or else Maco and I will be eating rice crispies. Either way we mostly have our meals delivered from The Fort or just walk over there and eat down in the kitchens... Berto has a special diet for me.

Besides my weekly talks with Anacaona, I have found solace going to The Shrines and have a chat with the Lady Magdalena after prayer and her help with meditation to keep healing, and every weekend we go for runs in the mountains or the rainforest and Maco knows where nobody goes so that I don't feel uncomfortable taking off my clothes. I know nobody is going to harm me, but I'm not ready. I hope the day when I am comes very soon.

"Ok so no sharp objects in the dinning hall, gotcha!" And Lola and I go while Natalia stayed with Nina. I have come to love this house as much as everything else here. The Patriarch of the Mirabals who built it made sure to gather enough wealth while they lived at The Fort in the beginning, even sending some of his sons to attack and pillage pirate ships from whatever they stole to make a GRAND home for his family and beloved mate the Lady Adelola, Priestess of Changó. They even stole a Dutch ship which they rechristened 'El Lobo Infernal' which Maco's Grandfather sold to the Historical Society for a hefty price (they weren't going to donate this one) and is now on permanent exhibit in Cofresí Bay. It still has it's Jolly Roger of a wolf skull looking forward with it's snout open and exaggerated canines and a crescent moon in the upper right corner. The ORIGINAL Jolly Roger is sealed for protection in the vault, however they use the image as their oficial family crest. I haven't been able to go see it yet, but it's open to the public with other 6 ships other families used for the same purpose!

Adelola's grandparents were human slaves, until their son Andrés, Yoruba name Adetoke, fell deeply in love with the Taíno Gamma wolf Princess Anani, daughter of Cacique Agüebaná Real the 2nd. She went back to the original island of her mother, Paula Oller, looking for coquí frogs to bring here to see if they adapted to Karaya. She stole him and his family and brought them back with her and bore the first of what is the now gone Bankole family after Adetoke cast off his Spanish master's name. Their blood still lives in the Mirabal bloodline, their bones down below in the Catacombs. If I'm going to be Matriarch of this family I better know it's long history. This is the ancestral history of MY OWN daughter and children to come, mine is full of shame and misery and either way my family never cared about keeping records.

Beta Imotonex loved his mate dearly! This house is full of beauty and majesty and in his diaries he has multiple poems and love letters he wrote her. They're even paintings and portraits of her in key points of the house he commissioned from his best friend Pablo Oller. It kinda creeped me out at first, but now I don't feel right without the soft gaze of her beautiful chiseled face, with high cheekbones and sweet dimples with full lips with a cupid's bow wearing her gentle smile. Her amber eyes as haunting as Izzy's and Nina's contrasting to the smooth luminous milk chocolate hue of her skin and her thick and tight coiled black curls cascading down to her waist! There is even a portrait of her dressed in a pale yellow French style gown of the era (17th-century) with embroidered slightly darker yellow lemons and white butterflies. Her hair up, adorned with two cut white peacock feathers, pale yellow pearls and numerous long curls going down one side of her neck adorned with a multiple strand pearl choker with a large dark yellow diamond in the center that matched her eyes. It can EASILY beat those of Queen Mary Antoinette and the Duchess Georgiana Cavendish I have seen in books! Then Maco told me of the strong protection spells inside the paintings and how Morgana tested them and they were as strong as the day they were cast by Adelola herself. My favorite one is one of her in her red Priestess robes with all 14 of their children when most where still small pups and they still lived at The Fort, with the everblooming blue flamboyán tree and The Gardens as a backdrop. There's only one painting of the great Beta in the main hall and he looks almost IDENTICAL to Urayoán. It's uncanny!

This house received very little damage compared to others in the blast, even I'm placing fresh fire flowers for Changó every week! The choker, the dress and many other heirlooms are in the vault in the basement. That's without mentioning the small stone stables along the right side of the building with rugged archways that's now the garage, it still houses a fine carriage he commissioned for her and their youngest pups in the French style of the 17th century. Nina keeps it looking good but they have talked of selling it too when their Dad was alive.

He chose the best plot of land to build on, not even the Real or Guerrero ancestral family homes compare to this! The Oller's home is more similar and at the other side of the street... The Oller Patriarch Pablo, sent 4 of his sons and one of his daughters (the only Gammas and Epsilons of the family) to go with the 6 Mirabal Beta sons to raid The Caribbean. They always divided the loot 50/50, cementing the close relationship between both families.

Like old Spanish colonial architecture, there is a big inner courtyard with a garden with yellow lemon and orange trees surrounded by open halls with beautiful pillars that arch into almost two feet from the ground serving as benches in between the entrances to the garden, a seven star pentagram fountain in the center, the citrus scent throughout the house is so refreshing! From his diaries, her scent was of lemons and orange blossoms and he wanted that scent to be ever present... From what I have read he was a powerful Beta Warrior, vicious, arrogant and ruthless, who didn't mind the brutality of piracy and war, yet he was a hopeless romantic and family man who would change the stars in the sky if the Lady Adelola even suggested it! He reminds me of Vito Corleone.

The house has technically four floors, the first being below that connects to The Catacombs that start from The Fort and are basically a cave system underneath The Citadel, that's also where the family grand burial chamber is... My own bones will lie there someday. Just above that is the basement where the old dungeons are, along with the wine cellar, the library and the vault, these we have to revamp. The connecting entrance to the 'second' smaller house is just to the side, although the house has a street entrance as well. Imotonex build it for his mate's family who weren't as well off, yet he wanted the Lady Adelola's happiness. That's where Bayo used to live with Morgana before, it's not even a third of the size of the main building, yet it's really comfortable with similar design. It's pretty much the size of what back in Virginia we would consider a very sizable home and it's just as beautiful as the main building. For fucks sake just THAT house has 5 bedrooms!

Then there's the main floor were we are now with the massive kitchen, dinning hall, living room, it even has a sewing room! Back in the day, if you wanted to dress nicely either you made your own or a Master would come to your home to work. Now Maco uses it as storage for the prototypes of his inventions or gadgets he wants to refurbish, yet the old sewing machines and lay form mannequins are still there. There's also two bathrooms in this floor, but what I really like are what people don't care about, the roof and the floors. I love looking at the ceiling as I lie in bed in Maco's arms, white with dark oak rafters, while listening to the coquí frogs in the garden. Everyone usually walks barefoot inside the house and I love it as well, the stone used for the floors tiles are so smooth and have a nice shiny betina with the passing of the centuries. In the fourth floor there is a sitting area that lies like in a roof covered wide bridge crossing above the gardens that leads to a massive balcony with a view to the bay, and another one on each side looking down at the gardens, the floor in this level is not tiled, but has large smooth cut black stones, it's very relaxing to walk upon. The walls in the bedrooms are also amazing! They're made of a gray rugged stone that regulates the temperature inside making them VERY cozy!

There are also a few studies and a huge classroom divided in two sections that was changed before to a game room with a pool table... they took their classes at The Fort anyway. It was the most damaged part of the house in the blast, yet Nina has been little by little fixing everything with our help. When Izzy just arrived and wasn't paying attention to anyone and I was still under, Ura and Freya were over here working on that room first. Now not only does it have a new black pool table, one of the walls in the left section is a whole LED light panel that Suania insisted be pink and purple that everyone was against at first, until Nina showed them how it would look in her computer. Then they were on board with the colors because it reminded them of Bad Bunny's video for 'Yanagumi', they did want to add some red and teal to make it look EXACTLY alike. Ha!

They added four television sets and every gaming console there is and gaming PCs, with comfy couches and gaming chairs. Nina even found a Pac-Man and Galaga arcade machine online and Maco fixed them up while Nina came over with Paco and his brothers Pepe and Papo to paint them making them look factory new. After they finished there was no way to get them out of there, and Maco just sent for a Medieval Madness and Addams Family pinball machines he found online, these guys are really a bunch of bratty rich KIDS that now have free range to use their family's wealth like they please! Ha! To be fair Maco started making very good money when he changed careers and Nina also was well off, she just didn't know how to administer her income. Now that they all have raises they're updating everything.

Most Osupa have P.O. Boxes in Puerto Rico and the U.S.V.I to get anything they want that they can't make and now the vampires are handling it bringing the stuff over when they go hunting. Everyone receives them like if they were Santa Claus! Apparently they're looking for a Marvel vs. Capcom machine now because it's Izzy's favorite... Although they said the same thing about the Galaga one... I have a feeling that if Maco is head of the family this space is going to be busy ALL the time, I know they're not being a nuisance now because they're giving me my space, but since Maco and I talked about it I have been getting mentally prepared for that. However the thought of it brings me joy imagining all the children playing there! My daughter has still a bit to get here but already has four cousins of about the same age. I imagine the future and even though this lot love each other dearly, they do have to fix some things.

There's also a pretty big yard with a stellar view... VERY rare in Old Itiba, I really don't know of another house that has one like it. Already Nina brought some designs for her vision, she wants everyone to vote before moving forward.

The fourth floor has the bedrooms... All 13 of them! It's funny that the world considers it an unlucky number, yet for The Osupa it's an auspicious one. Then lastly there's a watchtower overlooking the bay and another overlooking south to the open sea, each has their own red brass bells and to top it off a roof of barrel roof tile made of deep blue glistening terracotta clay and slate that compliments the outer mild mustard yellow color of the stucco walls... The Citadel is a rainbow with houses of so many colors. I have made sure to study EVERYTHING I can, not just about the family, but the tribe. All I really have to do is look into the Bond and the information is there. However I have been going over books, documentaries, I even got to touch and peek inside their ancestral boat in the museum! I only get that privilege because Maco was there and I'm his mate, however it's the ONLY time I will ever get to touch it. Not even Izzy can touch it again. And I understand, it's the property of the pack now and the Master Curators take great care in preserving them.

When I touched it I felt like the ugliness of my past completely disappear and I felt my baby kicking for the first time! Freya said the same thing happened to her... She has problems with her past too, her family and mine would have gotten along... Assholes! Then I remember the CORE problem of WHY there's so much disharmony outside Karaya. Without the education The Osupa receive the other packs don't know any better, and the root, the deception of The Council.

I see that everything is prepared and head out to the yard and go to the cliff to look over the bay... I love it when the mountains have a blue hue and I remember Nina's drawings and imagine how this will look like when it's done. I would have NEVER imagined I would end up in a place like this and I dread to think where I would be if Maco wouldn't have found me. I looked down at the waters of the bay and see a pot of orcas. It's been more frequent lately!

I rub my belly full of joy knowing that my daughter will not live anything I did! She will have a very bright future surrounded by so much love, history and nature whether she be an Alpha or an Omega. As I see the orcas I feel more sure of myself... I AM Amelia Mirabal, an Omega of The Osupa!
###chapter 153: The New Patriarchs
Aymaco's POV


As I go to our room to shower and get ready for what I suspect will be a delectable blood bath, I see her looking over the bay from the balcony on the chamber level. She looks so beautiful in her light orange mid calf sundress caressing her ever growing belly, I start getting a little hard for her. I never would have thought how yummy it would be to make love to a woman when she's pregnant. She catches my feelings and looks up at me smiling, shaking her head and rolling her eyes making me chuckle.

'Later tonight after everyone is gone you horn dog!' She links me while blowing me a kiss. Beneath all her shyness brought by her pain and ugly memories, I have found her to be very passionate in bed. Her hair is growing fast, so Nina French braided it and decorated it with some orange blossoms from the garden and insisted she wear great-great grandmother's yellow emerald cut diamond earrings with big teardrop pale yellow pearls, we ALL know them from her portrait. It did give her a beautiful elegant air despite our casual attire and everyone in the family will understand Nina's meaning from such a gesture, those are Adelola's wedding earrings. Amelia wasn't uncomfortable by Nina's touch, she's little by little getting better, giving me hope that she will heal fully.

I have to hand it to Nina, she HAS changed a lot since meeting Tony, she's now very invested in the family, and this is BEFORE her little scuffle on Izzy's birthday. She has even invested some of HER own personal founds to fix up the house... everyone in fact had chipped in. We could have dipped in to our family account but we haven't touched it. Nina hopes we all agree with selling the carriage, along with most of the things in the sewing room, as well as Adelola's and both her daughters Asenath's and the Lady Cacicaná's dresses to found the projects for the house.

I totally agree, she's the only one with the skill who gives maintenance to all these heirlooms we don't use and can be better handled by experts and be enjoyed by the whole tribe and it would be a substantial amount to still keep clear of the amount in our family account that garnishes us very good interests. Just the fact that she's not going on a spending rampage is impressive onto itself, she was never the frugal one. She only wants to keep Adelola's wedding dress and still she's asked Morgana for a protection spell for it once she fully restores it. Yeah, our great-great grandfather wasn't satisfied with her being merely his mate, he wanted to call her wife as well. Funny for such a powerful and brutal man. He even admitted in his diaries that it was she who held power in this house and had him wrapped around her fingers, being the only woman he ever obeyed, including his own mother.

When I was reading this with Em we thought at first that she had cast a spell on him... yet her grimoire doesn't have any spell that could do that and as the daughter of a slave, she expressed in her own diaries that those practices to control and posses another were highly taboo for her. And from verbal recounts passed down our family and the Ollers, it's said he would sit for hours gazing at her as her portraits would be painted. By the Goddess mercy! Just the fact they had 14 pups was evidence enough that he was very enthusiastic when her Heat would come and in her diaries she would mention that he would make love to her every single day. He was also VERY descriptive of the beauty of EVERY part of her body. I've been digitalizing all of the old documents, diaries, grimoires, while Nina has been cleaning all the paintings being extremely careful with their enchantments, she is a BOSS when it comes to all this, then takes pictures of them to add to the digital record.

'I'll remember that promise preciosa!' She chuckles and nods at me to get ready. I wave back that I'm going to it. Izzy's little pep talk to us has kindled a little fire inside my sweet mate; I haven't seen her as determined to let go of everything that happened to her and inside the Bond I'm feeding that flame. She's worked very hard to be as prepared for today as possible, we can't expect our mates to learn EVERY detail of our tribe AND our family in such a short time, our history is very rich and feeds off of the history of three continents, the colonization period alone is complicated enough.

As I'm showering I already feel Bayo, Nía and Tía Ayiti arrive, I feel through the filial Bond Umbros giving Izz and Ura a hard time, he didn't used to be as moody when we were kids.

As I go downstairs I finally hear them arrive... "Dude it's your fault, she didn't want to use her Alpha voice on your dumbass self pendejo, you're lucky! I would have just dragged you all the way here by your fucking braid letting everyone in the streets see and record it... I can imagine it would have been trending by dusk!" Shit, already Urayoán is in a bad mood and I can feel Izzy's pissed!

"Go ahead mamabicho! I fucking DARE you to try!" Umbros retorts. Sigh. I look at Lola and she just rolls her eyes and goes to the back of the house where the kitchen is to help place the table with Nía and Bayo. Izzy just waves at everyone and goes to Nina who hands her a lit joint, I go over and take it after Izz takes a hit to take one myself... Not yet at the table and it has begun!

"What's the matter with you boy! I raised you better than THAT! You're acting like a fucking pup!" And Ayiti just slaps him into submission.

Ura comes over and gives me a look asking for the joint while going to get a shot of rum. I follow him to the bar nook in the kitchen.

"Here, give me one too bro." He takes a hit and pulls me in for a hug and hands me a shot.

"C'mon let's get a beer man, we can get hammered later." He assures me. And he gets some frosted beers and he hands one to Izzy, Nina and myself as Em comes towards us and after giving me a kiss she surprises all of us by going out to where Umbros and Ayiti are and opens her arms towards Umbros asking for a hug with a gentle smile! They all look at me but I'm just as shocked. Umbros knows what happened to Amelia and is shocked himself yet he doesn't dare deny her and takes her in his arms and both him and Ayiti look at me with a questioning look. I just smile... She's defusing the situation at the cost of her discomfort yet, I feel her discomfort for only a minute. Umbros took control of his anger to not hurt HER with it and we can feel his aura change to give her comfort and she looked up smiling at him, and his face softened as he put one hand on her belly by instinct and she allowed it. She softly patted were Tía slapped him as to say 'that's enough of that' and he nodded.

Izzy nudges me with her elbow... 'You see? I love it when I'm right! Ha!' She's such a sore winner sometimes! I'm so glad I found a new career and was able to stay home after she came back from Avalon. I was so pissed at how Mom and Dad were handling it! I saw how she and Ura gravitated towards each other, so we had our conversation of him watching out for her while I would be away and he would tell me everything that would happen while I was gone. He was angry too but he was never confrontational... Usually if he wants to fuck you over, he'll do it quietly behind your back and leave no trace that it was him.

I sometimes DO think he IS great-great grandfather's reincarnation, let's face it, Em isn't wrong when she compares him to Vito Corleone... The guy WAS basically a sea mobster, and he ran that little endeavor from inside The Fort while serving as Beta of the tribe. His main competition were the Reyes and Saint Germaines but he was in a position of more power in the pack and as a Beta was faster at double crossing them at every corner. We're good now, but our families have always had a little bad blood, that's why Dad an Admiral Brutus invested so much for a mating between Izzy and Casimar. He wanted her badly!

So even though I'm not a fan of confrontation either I stepped up as the eldest son to demand Izz be treated as FAMILY not a Priestess! However, Dad and even Mom still were of the mindset of keeping to the more rigid old ways. I left for my mission the next day, my mind on my little sister playing chess against herself in the yard... It was a heartbreaking sight! What kept me in check that night was the fact that I was watching her in the balcony upstairs, my feet on the stones that make up the chamber floor.

Before they were cut to be added to the construction of the house, our great-great grandmother enchanted them with a soothing spell to make sure that by bedtime just walking through a halls the children would be soothed and relaxed. For a woman with 14 children it was genius! It made bedtime a lot easier! They only added the largest slabs and Imotonex gave the Ollers the smaller ones for the construction of their home. They have always been our closest allies in the tribe and we are bound by blood and love.

It was Adelola and her mate and their JOINED power and determination which molded our place of power in the tribe. Imotonex made us what we are, but without Adelola he wouldn't be shit and he KNEW it! That's why he loved and cherished her so dearly. It was in fact HER idea that they go into piracy and in his diaries he states that he made love to her so hard that night because of how aroused he was by her macabre idea, that he was able to fertilized her with the Lady Cacicaná, who later also became Priestess of Changó, without Adelola being in Heat!

It's so fucking awkward to read all this intimate shit about your ancestors but Em finds it romantic! Then like a sicko, THAT would make ME horny and we would drop everything to go have a good fuck! I LOVE how SHE'S the one doing most of the initiating lately, it helps me know that she's better and doesn't want me to be as gentle anymore. I even developed a mechanism for the rugged stone main wall in the Betas' Chamber, our room, to turn into a smooth mirror like the one in the dungeons, so that we could see each other when we make love. Unfortunately, because of the rafters I still haven't figured out how to mount one on the ceiling... But I WILL get it DONE! Not only to enjoy fucking my mate more, but it's another product to add for our business.

Gadiel, my partner, has been my best friend and brother since we were both in the same year at school at The Fort. He was also a Gamma, yet we both really loved building and messing around electronics. When I was 'tested' by Dad with Abuelo's car, Gadiel asked him if he could give it a go. Dad was a little over excited by his request that he allowed it after I finished. I wanted to KILL him! Motherfucker I JUST put this whole DAMN car together and they started dismantling it the moment Dad determined I passed! Ugh! Either way the asshole passed! The car was perfect! It's still a running joke between us! When I changed careers he joined me and we started Wolf Skull Inc. I invested all my savings and he his WHOLE family's savings... The difference of privilege.

If we had failed, I still had my family's wealth to back me, they were betting EVERYTHING three generations had achieved! Two GAMMAS incorporating a TECH company was a huge gamble, and yet so far business is booming and we have tripled our original investment! The Opal rings alone and the sale to the Mermaids was a HUGE boost! Now Nina is helping us find a bigger building Downtown to officially set up shop and get out of our tiny lab and storage space outside Itiba. She even designed our logo based on our family crest, only the crescent Moon is curved upward, like the Mark Izzy has on her forehead and the lettering with the name above the skull curving downward, with a chain of coquí frog Taíno symbols surrounding everything in a circle. Gadiel and I loved it!

He now wants and has the means to buy the Real family ancestral home in The Citadel for his family, I was helping persuade Bayo to lean towards the sell, but after reading Mom's diary I know that we can't get involved. This will be Isla's decision alone...

We all sit and Izzy insisted in a way everyone could hear, for me and Amelia to sit at both heads of the table. Now it was her telling the family what she thought... 'Even as Cacique of the tribe I will NOT be head our family PERIOD!' She's adding to Nina's statement for Amelia wearing the earrings. And to add to that sentiment Ura went to the other end of the table to hold the chair for Amelia showing he was on board with this arrangement. Izzy sat to my right stating that as head of the pack she would back MY decisions with regards to the family. Just that alone made me feel a small boost of power.

Ura told me that Izzy, Lola and him had already discussed it long ago on a mission and were in agreement of their decision when this eventually would come to pass should I survive Dad. So Lola sat down to my left and Ura at his usual spot on Izzy's right side. Nina and Natalia sat at each side of Amelia flanking her, they couldn't leave her alone at the other end, for the Goddesses sake the hall sits 24 freaking people! Imotonex was such a snob... He wanted it to sit all his children and their mates, as well as the Lady's Adelola's family from the small, house should they want to join for dinner. Our people never took to the European style of dressing, but Imotonex commissioned gowns for his beloved in that style as a fuck you to them, especially in the Spanish and French style (he thought British and Dutch fashion was dull). Her Family lived in Martinique before being sold out to a another in Puerto Rico, they had to learn Spanish after a lifetime of French and Patois.

As a Beta and ex-Master Spy, Ayiti assessed what those who sat where impling and she saw that it was ALREADY a majority so she sat right next to Talia accepting the decision of the majority. Suania knew what was going to be discussed today so she sat next to Nina. Umbros never really gave a damn about any of this so he just sat a few chairs from his mother to not have to look at her unless he turned his head. Epsilons are naturally very cunning and aware of their surroundings, it's what helps them be so fast on their feet and quick witted.

"Wow, I see that you guys have been conspiring while I am on Leave! It seems that the first matter of business has ALREADY been settled before a single word has been said. Congratulations on your new standing in our family Patriarch Maco!" He goes to Amelia and gives her a small bow in recognition and offers his hand to her which she takes and he kisses and smiles at her.

"I'm sure you'll wip us into shape Matriarch!" I already feel her power swelling through the Bond, me and my dick joining it! She stands up and puts her hand on his shoulder.

"You bet your ass I will Beta!" FUUUCK! I want to take her NOW, Izzy's Mark shines yellow and she hands me a little bottle and I take a sip of what I could smell was Jading potion. Is THIS why Imotonex couldn't keep his hands off his wife? She's pregnant yet I want to impregnate her AGAIN! And her arousal just stopped too as Nina also gave her some of the potion. Izz put Nina in charge of this so I guess it makes sense they came prepared.

'Izz, what's going to happen when the Jading potion wears off?!' I feel chill again.

'You and Amelia are now the nucleus of our family... You obviously know that Imotonex impregnated Adelola even without her Heat right?' Is she serious?!

'Iza, are you telling me we have NO safe period? I can impregnate her at ANY TIME?!' I don't know how to feel about it... Yet something tells me Amelia won't mind it. She loves lying on the hammock in the balcony upstairs looking inside at the painting of Adelola with all of her pups, she sits down at looks at me and I can't stop gazing at her, still full of want, I'm definitely claiming her again when this wears off... Her exquisite eyes gaze changes to one more assertive, full of determination and desire. Even with the Jading potion I see her nipples harden...

'Now I can't wait for all of this be over hermosa! I want to fuck you so good that even the baby will know!' She blushes deeply and looks down before raising her gaze back to me, licking her lips...

'I'll remember that promise Mi Amor!' Yeah, I have a feeling she's totally going to be the boss of me now more than ever!
###chapter 154: Atonement
Umbros's POV

"Well, I'm glad that we didn't even have to have a vote for that item, however I still would like to know if there's anyone who disagrees. I personally refuse to be Matriarch and head of the family." I'm actually really ok with this decision, Maco is the most level headed out of all of us and I definitely understand Izz on this, we are ok in our place of power in the pack right now, she has furthered Imotonex's legacy more than what even he ambitioned. And seriously, why SHOULD she take on another fucking responsibility?


I feel a little bad for her sometimes, like myself she wasn't a fan of staying on the island for long periods of time and the fact that she was willing to risk her reputation in the tribe by challenging Tío Ayato and Bayo to have the freedom to leave was proof enough that what she wanted was adventure. Now she has all the power to do what she wants but is bound by duty. Yeah I'm pissed at Ura and her now, but when I heard what she did for the pack at Blood Moon, I was even more angry at Bayoán for allowing it, Gloria for encouraging it and Mom for teaching it to her! I remember the confusion we all had when she was shipped to Avalon and the shit show of her return. Maco used to tell me how bad it would get here and then I would get Tali's input which always was more in tune with Nina's and it would piss the hell out of me, however I had my own shit to deal with. I was 18 and I would spend ANY of my free time and money at The District having fun.

"Good! Since no one has any objections as I officially renounce power over the family and name Gamma Aymaco Mirabal Head of the Mirabal family. Our family is in your hands now Patriarch!" We all feel the shift in power in our filial Bond acknowledging Maco as the head of the family. Then we feel another boost towards Amelia as Matriarch... She surprised me just now.

She made it look to everyone that she was de-escalating the situation back then, however what she asked me was why was I not Marked and that I knew what I had to do. That's why I nodded at her. But the way she did it didn't tell me away and she assured me that she would keep my secret but not to delay it. I couldn't help our natural instinct of reaching out to a soon member of our family, I knew we were giving her space, but I really wanted to feel my little cousin inside her. She will definitely be a suitable Matriarch to our family! I can see Amelia adapting to her new station and she is easing into it pretty well for someone not raised in the tribe, it's fine. We're very used to and open to matings with outsiders, it has enriched our particular mutation and always makes us stronger, unlike these ignorant weak packs with ridiculous ideas. Then they have the cojones to TRY to lie to me! I may not be the best at many things but don't try to insult my intelligence.

"Thanks Izz, and guys, seriously I already talked with Em about this and we're going to to our best. I want to start by reminding everyone that we're blood, we're family and we have always genuinely loved each other. Yeah, we give each other shit and some have their own little personal beefs, but we love each other more and we are all willing fuck over anyone who messes with US. Are we CLEAR?" This tells me we are going off the deep end! Son of a BITCH! I had hoped we were just here to accept Maco as head of the family, enjoy the food and booze and what I scent is Izzy's own weed and go back to The Fort and Mark him and be done with it! The food IS good though, it's always a LUXURY to have a Kappa in the family, if you're not a Kappa family. We also always had the luxury of being very close to the Oller family, we are kin after all! Everyone nods and agrees with him and get ready for battle.

"Good. Good. Ok, as you all know Izz called for this, and let's be fair we owe it to her! I was with her when we left Karaya to go to Virginia and Ura and I took care of everything so that we didn't add her to the list of the dead! So I hope everyone cooperates in an adult manner. I know this is going to be new for us. Nina arranged this and she said she wanted to start right?" Ah FUCK! We have all been to one of these at one point or another in our lives!

"Yeah. Look, we ALL know I would usually not be on board with these. However, recent circumstances have demonstrated that indeed being a harmonious family garnishes power. And regardless of who you are in this family you have enjoyed the power that we possess within the tribe now. So don't worry I'm not going to go all pink flowers and bullshit ok?" I got to hand it to her, she just doesn't give a shit what the fuck comes out of her mouth!

"So yeah... Ummm..." Nina's having trouble saying what's on her mind?!

She takes a deep breath and goes off and tells us what happened on Izzy's birthday... Whoa, Izz and Ura gave her a major thrashing and now she's shook as fuck! Damn, Ura really didn't hold back. I got to try those edibles! And Izz using her birthday as a trump card! Brilliant! I do admit she's always been a BOSS strategist... Shit! It's Tali's birthday soon! They're only a few weeks apart.

We finally get first hand information of what happened to get us out of India! Nina passed us the receipt with Tío's writing, I vaguely saw Maco's Subaru, Abuelo's car and Adelola's carriage in three of the spaces in the side garage looking like before the blast before walking off the blue cobblestone road into the old dark grey stone sidewalk, then passing the iron street gate adorned with orange blossom details surrounding the big primary blossom at the center. The gate is flanked by two square columns standing out from the Street Wall, which highlights the gate with pier caps on the top resembling round blooming rose buds which symbolized the Princess Anani... It was her personal crest as well as her scent. Imotonex wanted to make sure to remind those who entered the house that those inside were of ROYAL decent. I think her own painting must be downstairs with the others Nina is cleaning.

A little bit down the street is the street entrance to the Small House, with an identical gate allowing access to pass the wall that otherwise separates the sidewalk from our property... on the Street Wall next to both gates are the old square tile plates plastered into the stucco wall with our family crest. The open muzzle wolf skull with the crescent moon in the upper right corner... It's engraved on major items and heirlooms belonging to the family like my own tomahawk, Baná. It originally belonged to Princess Anani herself.

People that don't know any better see a little axe... Yet there's a delicate precision needed to have the skill to use it to it's most effective potential. Baná is a close combat weapon, Epsilons are not close combat Warriors. However, because I'm a Truth Seer, it does allow me to fight up close since I can anticipate my opponents intention before even they fully decide what move they will make, while still being surgically precise with each blow. Because of those two factors in my particular fighting style, Tío determined that I wield Baná. Epsilons have the unique particularly that we are fed by BOTH fire AND air but in such a balanced way that helps us dominate in guerilla tactics.

When you pass the street wall, you step into the colorful mosaic floor of the small semi circle outer courtyard. It has a rose bed by the inner part of the Street Wall, and a smaller version of the fountain from the inner garden, it then leads to the large dark double oak and iron doors of the main entrance flanked by a Washingtonia Palm tree in a large black stone planter at each side. Imotonex didn't spare any expense to give Adelola a manor worthy of the daughter of a princess. Mom, my sisters and I have always had access to come and go as we please and we all have our own chambers. I've used mine in more than one occasion, when I would be Downtown or at The District and I was too wasted to care to walk all the way up the hill to The Fort, I would just walk in the side entrance through the garage with the same style gate as the street ones, yet this one was in an archway that leads to the inner courtyard and I would sleep it off. More often than not, Tía Kiskeya would wake me with a tray with ginger tea and breakfast that Nina had made. I LOVED being pampered by her... I miss her. Nina always made me blintzes which she knows are my favorite. The alternative wake up call would be Nía pouncing on my bed scaring the shit out of me and shooting a barrage of questions about my night!

"So basically what I'm trying to say is I'm sorry for my part in any erosion I contributed to our family." And then to Maco. "Brother, Tony calculated how much I owe you... You all know I suck at math, and I wanted to ask how would you like for me to pay it back? I can transfer it to your account right now if you want." Well I'll be damned! We ALL know she's REALLY taken advantage of how soft hearted Maco is and it would always piss us off. I've done my own vague calculations and it's no small amount by any means... Like seriously, I estimate close to ₲25,000, that's roughly $75,000! We still don't understand why he would keep giving her money!

"Whoa! Nina are you seriously paying Maco back?! Someone DEFINITELY got a REALLY good raise in her income!" HA! Suania gave her a little clap. We know Maco is her favorite sibling and even though he would spoil her too, she NEVER took advantage of it like Nina and either way she would ALWAYS pay him back, or at least try to. Since she never went overboard, Maco wouldn't accept her money, and they would always agree that she instead work it off assisting Maco and Gadiel in their business, so we were ok with it and the rest of us never asked him for money except for that one time Lola had a fight with Mom about the usual, us wanting to know who our father is, so she didn't want to ask her for the money.

Either way she paid him back ASAP but just like with Nía he didn't take it... It really was a small amount and it was to buy her car, and since Izz and Ura were going to help her, she just did what Izz and Maco did of buying an almost junk car and customized it. Even Tío chipped in with some of the work and it turned out to be another masterpiece! Lola opted for a classic, a '78 Pontiac Firebird Formula LT. They painted it sparkling black and Pepe did the white pinstripes and the bird on the hood... She usually keeps it here and not at the garage at The Fort. The missions Tali and I are in charge of are usually long trips, so when she comes with us for backup she would leave her car with Tío because he would have fun with it being that it was a classic, so he would take really good care of it. Either way I must admit it's a rad ride and I know Ura is saving for a '63 Ferrari 250 GT Lusso and Izzy and Maco were talking about changing their rides to classics too. They always looked to have a blast at The Drag reminding me of how much I suck at it! Ugh!

"Ok. I accept sister. But I would rather you pay it by taking charge of the add ons for the yard." That's a good middle ground! The yard definitely needs a LOT of TLC.

"No Maco. Regardless of what I owe you I WILL pay for those add ons MYSELF! I'm not an Alpha or a Beta... HELL! I'm not even a warrior of any sort. The only legacy I can leave behind is my art, so my contribution to the family will be to style the yard in a way that merges with the house and to do my best to use the EXACT materials they used, I brought a few designs with ideas so you can all vote later. That also brings me to what we're going to do about that carriage and all of those gowns in the vault?! Guys I really can't keep at it, I mainly want to focus on what Izzy wants to achieve for the pack. Seriously, some of us have talked about selling it to the Historical Society. What by the Goddess's sacred name are we going to do with all that? They offered Dad a very good amount last time for it as well as the gowns. There's a lot of work and care that goes into caring for all of that to stay in the condition they're in. The Oller's are a family with MANY Kappas, so of course they have the manpower to keep their shit updated. But either way, WHY would we keep them? We can even add all that other shit from the sewing room! I say we keep Adelola's wedding dress, one of the mannequins with her measurements and one sewing machine I can refurbish as furniture, but PLEASE let's not be hoarders! If we sell them, maybe at auction or to the Historical Society, we could use the money for the restoration of the basement floor and even rearrange and update the family burial chamber. We held a ceremony for Mami and Dad, and even though they are beneath earth as is law for the restfulness of their souls, we haven't yet buried them!" We are all looking at each other.

Mom never really gave a shit about any of this, so she never really drove it into our heads like Tío Ayato would to them... ALL. THE. TIME.

I hated when he went into the whole high and mighty bullshit of it! When either of us would complain to Mom about it she would just dismiss it.

"Hay mijo, but what do you want me to tell you?! Haven't I already told you that your Tío is a MORON! Do you see ME getting worked up about it? You think he doesn't give ME shit about anything? Just do what I do and ignore him. Never give a dumbass ANY of your time to be bothered by their bullshit! Ayato's stupidity will be his bane!" She was BRUTAL to Tío! The WHOLE tribe knows about a Council meeting close to when Izzy humiliated him in front of the whole pack where Mom burned him bad, too. She had warned her baby brother that his decision was a serious mistake when he did it to Nina, yet lo and behold it just took a few days for Mom's prophecy to come to pass when Izz destroyed him! He totally underestimated her and lost face badly.

Back then I caught up with Ura who was watching her spar with Cleo preparing for her duel with her father and brother at one of the training grounds at The Fort, he was deep in though with a frown. As he saw me I gave him a questioning shrug as to his dark glare. He shook his head and nodded towards her... 'For fucks sake Umbros, shut your trap and link! Look at her. What do you see?' I looked closely at her combat style... What is she doing? I looked closely and see her using Epsilon and Kappa combat style, as well as human Bagua, and Northern Shaolin!

'Is she serious?! She's going against TWO BETAS with this?!' He nodded with a little smirk.

'VERY! I was against this bullshit at first. Now I'm totally fine, she's got this.' And he walked away waving me off while his back was already to me.

'Are you sure?' I kept looking at her with Cleo.

'Don't worry, you'll see it when you see it!' And damn! We ALL saw it!

"Wait just a damn minute! If you're going to pay Maco the FULL amount you owe him, and we ALL KNOW it's not PENNIES, HOW are you ALSO going to pay for any of those designs for the yard?! Hey, I'm not complaining! And girl, ALL those designs are bitchin, but we also know your not going to cut corners and are going to use the the most expensive materials and contractors. So tell us sister, how are you planning on paying for it?" Bayoán sat across from me me when he chose a place at the table and was looking to his right glaring at Nina...
###chapter 155: Safe Word
Guanina's POV

I'm blushing like a motherfucker! Ugh! Of course HE would go there! But it's fine. Tony has been helping me be ready for today and we had a long convo about EVERYTHING. We both decided I would do my best to make amends with his support, I AM Blessed to have him. My dear mate lost EVERYONE from his family and has become VERY invested in his new family, he's now excited for our Heat. After we met he would come and see me in the basement cleaning the paintings. I wanted to make sure there were no traces of ash and he would sit in the library reading the diaries of several of our ancestors for hours. He even has favorites like if they were characters in a book or movie! It's too funny! But we ALL have our favorites. Mine isn't even an original Mirabal...

I am named after Guanina Oller, who was an Epsilon and only female crew member of the galleon 'El Lobo Infernal'.

Imotonex's eldest son and heir, Yacahüey, The Bloodied Sea Demon or 'El Demonio Sangriento', his favorite targets being British and Spanish ships headed back to Europe full of riches, he only left ONE survivor EVER, Captain Silverio Navarro de la Fuente of the armed carrack the Santa Lucía, to tell the tale... he knew they would deem Silverio a lunatic. He just wanted the description of the Jolly Roger to be made clear. Lunatic or no, sailors are very superstitious and Yocahüey was banking on that. He wanted that when the flag be seen, the crew would be full of fear weakening them.

Anyway, Yacahüey was madly in love with Guanina since he was a boy and pleaded with his father for rituals for a mating for when she turned 18. The Great Beta approved, she had proven her metal. Plus Imotonex wanted strong grandchildren to carry his legacy. He would allow it only if Pablo agreed (they were partners and besties, Imotonex was a ruthless SOB, but loyalty was very important to him, he would never make a move like this without his closest ally's consent and father of the intended).

Pablo agreed to the match. Paco once told me that in his diaries, the Great Master was over the Moon when two of his children were mated into our family and the Lady Cacicaná was mated to his primary heir, the Master Francisco Oller the 1st, Paquito is the 3rd. The Goddess looked at the match with favor and granted Yacahüey the fierce and beautiful Guanina, and since she was her son's mate and member of the family, Adelola granted her the bow that was given to her by her mother which originally belonged to her father. Guanina would rain arrows in rapid fire from the crow's nest, being still an artist in her own right using only red as her color, so she christened the bow Ris, the Taíno word for red. It's the bow Ura uses today, engraved with our family crest. Izzy has it's twin Ke', that Adelola accepted from her sister, the Lady labalaba, a High Priestess of Avalon, powerful with the elements of Earth, who gave it to her as she lay dying after being poisoned with an unknown poison in Martinique while they were trying to find the sea ledgers of the slave ships that transported their ancestors trying to pinpoint where exactly from Africa they were. She died childless and had already named, her little 17 year old sister Adelola as her heir.

They were not attacked by humans! But by another pack from Spain who wanted to conquer Martinique as their own. They were trying to negotiate with them explaining that they had no intention of invading their territory, that they were just there for information. They tried to reason with them that they had their own pack and that they were Priestesses AND princesses in their own right! But they didn't believe the girls and they had no Truth Seers. What surprised them the most was that this pack wanted to ENSLAVE them because they were not white!

They couldn't believe that wolves were acting like humans! And what infuriated them the most was the fact that this new pack HAD a Priestess of Avalon of their own, who should be guiding them better. However she had her own agenda. She later became the second of the Cursed Roses... The Lady Esperanza Lizardi Sánchez. She fucking double crossed the sisters by assuring them in good faith as a Priestess that all will be well. She poisoned labalaba with a gas agent she inhaled while she slept. However, before she administered the poison to Adelola, she awoke by a fast link from her sister and cast a powerful spell she had already practiced with her sister rendering even a Prime Priestess of Avalon completely immobile shutting off their brain with a single command! I hear that Moira still uses that technique to this day.

She then noticed her dying sister but couldn't pinpoint the scent of the poison, she brought her body back with her, as well as the Lady Esperanza, to try to at least figure out the poison that killed her sister. Adelola handed the Lady Esperanza and her grimoire to Moira. After a while her father commanded her to let it go and lay Iabalaba's bones to rest in The Catacombs under The Fort. Moira latter found the spell Esperanza used to disable Iabalaba's Priestess Mark, yet no one has been able to determine the poison.

It was quite an unfortunate event that made Adelola cast a dark forgetting spell on every man, woman and child from that pack... what they forgot was how to breath! The sisters did find what they were looking for. However it lead to another dead end and she felt her sister died in vain. They're only two portraits of labalaba left, we have one, the Ollers the other. Adelola is not only OUR great-great grandmother, she's theirs as well! It's hard to imagine her doing such a thing while looking at her gentle gaze while cleaning her paintings. She was just as the ruthless as her mate... And yet we are still reaping the glory they brought to our family name to this day.

Adelola enchanted every weapon in our armory to never falter or break or lose their strength, edge or beauty, the spell also guaranteed that the weapon return to the armory if ever it would be lost. However when Asenath brought Coa, Adelola was stumped for she didn't have a spell that could protect Damascus steel. Either way, I can't wait to start cleaning up my namesakes portraits!

After the mating and Marking, Yacahüey and Guanina were inseparable, yet for all their efforts they only had one pair of twin daughters, they were both Betas, Paola and Paulina, who he dotted upon just as much as Guanina.

The whole family died at sea when the girls were only 16. They joined the rest of the crew and tried to steal a British galleon to expand the 'business' to the Indian Sea. After they thought they had successfully secured the galleon The Sacred Heart, the rest of the crew went back to the main ship, Yacahüey and Guanina stayed with the girls on The Sacred Heart to give the girls experience on sailing such a large ship with a small crew... Unbeknownst to them, the British had left a booby trap and since the ship was full of barrels of rum, nobody was able to scent out the miniscule amount of gun powder set up in a particular contraption that blew the ship, leaving those on the other ship to witness the explosion of their kin in horror. It took them days to find as many body parts as possible to bring back home... At least they found all of their heads, their skulls and bones lay downstairs. The new heir apparent was Baguanao and he and his mate, Isabella Acosta Spogel had no Beta children.

We are all that's left of the MAIN family...

The fertility tragedy that befell that generation left our great grandmother Asenath, as the last Mirabal Beta of that generation and her mate Master Fernando Oller as the Head of the family, opening the door for the ONLY Mirabal Beta of the next generation, the Beta Urayoán Mirabal-Oller (He used to bootleg rum and smuggle other goods into Tampa during prohibition with his cousins Pedro Oller-Mirabal who was a Gamma and Epsilons Bjørn and his sister Björk Spogel-Mirabal, increasing our family's wealth to carry Imotonex's Legacy... WE know him as ABUELO, yet we never knew him except through his diaries and the stories about him. He was mated to a Gamma from a pack outside of Warsaw, Poland, Klan Księżyca Lycan. The beautiful and fair Marushka Dukovich, who's family emigrated from the South of Saint Petersburg in Russia. He found her just before Chairman Adolf Hitler became Führer.

Sure we have cousins in SEVERAL families, and Mami and Dad got pretty busy with 6 of us! Naughty! And Ayiti with wolfman X with 3... NAUGHTIER! Tía never really gave me much shit about my stunts, she DID came pregnant from THREE missions, without being mated. And she had them a little later in life... She never found her mate so it's like she made due with what she had! It's the same dude for sure, I helped Tali check it years ago. Unfortunately Talia doesn't have access to the Top Secret ledgers in OPIA.

"Bayoán I HAD savings, I didn't pay Maco because I'm a greedy cunt ok?! I had convinced myself that since the big marshmallow let it go with Nía and Lola, I would be left off the hook too. Dude, I UNDERSTAND the difference and how stupid it was not to see it, ok? And LOOK! I'M APOLOGIZING! Plus, Antoine has an account in Luxembourg. The whole pack's founds are there and divided by family. They have agreed to it fork it over as well as a company they have that's about to go bankrupt. I called Professor Gonzalo Ibarra, remember him Bayoán? I think you guys hung out a few times right?" His brows furrow.

"Yeah, he's a brilliant Beta from my year! He was fun competition in class! He's Víctor's cousin and yeah, last I heard about him heading the Economy Department at the University... What does he say about it?" Yes! I'm no strategist but I have my ways of derailing a conversation!

"Well, he went through the books and said that we could easily use the current global situation to correct the underlying problems the company had and take advantage at the plummeting stock market, and since they have a factory close by and can be operational ASAP, he would even be willing to go out with a team of pupils and Bruno wants to give some field experience for some graduates!" Antoine kicks himself all the time for the demise of his pack. But even after his father died, him and his Beta Louis would stay closely allied with Cesar and Beta Basili. And they did every move to ensure the survival of their people... Thousands are alive because they had the strength to let go of that instinctual unyielding Alpha pride.

"Marcus was telling me the same thing about Blood Moon's assets, also their territory is not theirs just by their own efforts to protect it by Council Law and Avalon Law. One of the first things Marcus did as Beta was look for all the ancestral documentation of their family and their claim according to HUMAN law to those lands. Apparently they're descendant from a branch family of the Hatfields! Anyway their family started making money in moonshining (funny right? WE were pirates, bootleggers and smugglers)! Now their family and pack corporation deal on importing liquor and wine. Before OUR incident they were negotiating about buying a vineyard out in Nappa! Apparently with the money Alpha Keaton and his lovely mate made by selling US out they intended to leave their sons to rule Blood Moon and their company while they enjoyed retirement in a vineyard in Cali! Anyway both him and Kayden decided to put THEIR personal families wealth in our family account adding to the family wealth to help add to our financial power. Nina I brought Marcus here yesterday and he went into his nerd mode and says that he's got documents, diaries and pictures, as well as the original still their Hillbilly family used to make Moonshine and even has a piece of their clan tartan, the colors of the sett intact, from the time before their family emigrated from Scotland! He also has documents of how their great grandfather offered his pack as a stop in the Underground Railroad and even showed me a picture of him with Harriet Tubman! We can create a perimeter to protect anyone from the Archeology Department of the University, to check out where they would let the escape slaves rest up in their village. Since they were a wolf pack they really didn't have to HIDE them, anyone who went into their territory they would just end! However, they have a letter of a house slave who knew how to read and write who funny enough wrote that the place was a little creepy and that the people around seem to be possessed! Ha! If only he knew they were REAL monsters! Oh and even though they didn't partake in any of the human wars, they would end any Confederate soldiers that happened into their territory! Since this is also part of the ancestry of the future Alpha and MY own kids I consider it to be very interesting information to add to their genealogy. Maybe something to help them with clearing Marcus and Kayden's name a little bit clean from what their parents did? They feel REALLY bad for what happened. What do you guys think?" Whoa! When I brought Antoine for the first time to the house and told me about handing over not just his personal wealth to the family, but any pack asset to be handed to the Treasury, he was telling me about family records paintings and pictures that he had shipped to Luxembourg when he saw that things were getting really bad.

"Thanks Tali and congratulations on being able to say all of that in one breath! I'm aware of that and I do want a Council meeting for the collective wealth of the pack! I ONLY want today to be for OUR FAMILY matters. So with regards to Tony's and Marcus and Kayden's PERSONAL assets we can definitely add to our own and and Tony also wants to add some heirlooms belonging to his family since the times of The Crusades he has in his vault in Luxembourg. Morgana also had mentioned handing the deed to her family's Brownstone in Pierrepont Place in Brooklyn Heights right Bayo? Inform the others to convey a Council meeting with the other Alphas and leaders from overseas to discuss how we will proceed with any PACK asset before returning to your Leave. Anyway, Bayoán Nina answered your question, she's sorry and she has the money to pay it back to Maco and she's going to use her and her mate's money to add to the legacy of our family. Let's stay on point! The item of Nina's shameless abuse towards Maco's hopefully GONE pushover nature and we being pissed at her it is now OVER AND DONE! Besides let's be fair, Nina DOES contribute to the family a lot and not just by making sure our name was plastered on the tabloids EVERY OTHER DAY!" HEY!

"Sounds good, and yeah Maco has the deed to Morgana's family home, she handed it to Dad when we moved into the Small House." And he just keeps eating.

"HEY! Thanks for reminding everyone of the PAST DEAR sister!" I glare at her wanting to watch her BURN!

"No NEED to thank me Nina! Hey, did ANYONE in this table NEED ME to remind them of every damn time Nina would go ahead and embarrass the fuck out of not just Dad, but EVERY ONE of US?!" She shrinks her neck and shrugs high raising her hands as if she is innocent of having to remind me. I look at their faces. Maco puts down his cutlery and rubs the stress away from his face and just looks at me as he puts his elbows on the table, lacing the fingers of both his hands together resting his lips on them glaring at me ready to contest anything that comes out of my mouth. Ura just reclines himself back crossing his arms smiling, yeah I already know what YOU think! Suania turns her face at me and rolls her eyes and looks forward shaking her head. Bayoán doesn't even look my way drinking the rest of his wine with one go. Umbros is cleaning his mouth with the napkin glaring at me like I'm the next course. Lola is exactly like Ura, except she isn't smiling... Tía is eating like she wasn't part of the conversation at ALL! And Talia...

"Nina, don't try and find ANY rescue from me! Damn bitch! Do you have ANY CLUE how you fucked US up?! Why do you think we go on missions with a select few? YOUR public bullshit made Tío look weak and that reflects on the WHOLE family's reputation, a TON of field ops refused to be paired up with us because they thought WE were weak! Do you think I LIKE dealing with Umbros's childish bullshit 24/7?! Puñeta Nina, I had a TON of fun with a TON of men and women but I did it on the down low! You wanted to hook up with celebrities doing your damn best to steal the limelight! Then you went ahead and created that whole brouhaha with that model what's her face?! We even had that fucking LEGAL dispute that Tío had to pay all that hush money and an ACNDA tax to assure we ALL didn't have to pay for YOUR stupidity, so if we REALLY were to go into guanies and cents you don't only owe Maco money, you owe ALL your siblings money, because Tío used HIS personal wealth to pay to clean up YOUR mess. I bet my thic ass that Maco already saw the HEAFTY amount it was! So spare me the outrage Nina, I have ALREADY told you what I thought of your tantrums! Damn I'm only a little tipsy and high, Ura you were right! I feel really light now!" I have no words. Holy shit, Ura didn't even mention how my shit affected their WORK.

"WHOA! Don't fucking put ME in with THIS SHIT TALIA!" Umbros stands up pissed at Natalia's mention of him.

"SIT THE FUCK DOWN UMBROS! We'll get TO YOU in due time!" Izzy bellows him the second Alpha command he's gotten from her today and she's livid with him AND me... AGAIN! It was so full of anger we felt the house rumble a little. He sat down immediately and shut his trap.

"ALRIGHT! LOOK I'M SORRY FOR THAT TOO! FINE! Tell me how much Dad had to pay Isabella to accept the Alpha Command consensually and never be able to talk about what happened, I'll pay it back! I REALLY want to make it RIGHT! I'm taking fucking responsibility! FOR FUCKS SAKE, we had a SAFE WORD!" I can explain... Damn it! I'm sorry.
###chapter 156: The NAZI
Urayoán's POV

I don't have anything else to say to Nina, I said everything I wanted to say and Tali just put the nail in the coffin. Either way, I linked Maco, Amelia and Izzy...

U: 'Guys I think we just let her put her money where her mouth is, let her literally pay the penalty for her shit and let it go.'

L: I agree, I feel through the Bond that she's on the verge of tears, and she really is giving it her all.

M: I'm with you guys. She's been putting in the work and even though she's busy with the other projects, she comes over for a few hours to restore the paintings and the other over the top shit in the vault.

A: I think we can come up with an arrangement and yeah, she's been working her butt off to make amends. How much are we going to punish her for behavior that she has been correcting, I say we give her the chance to atone.

"Nina, please calm down. I think we've given your ass fair retribution for how you're actions fucked us over and we have all seen how you have stepped up and chilled since Izz became Alpha. So don't cut yourself short, it's not just Tony's influence. With that said let's talk money... Nina what number did Tony calculate that you owe just me?" Tony's calculations don't mean shit if she didn't mention EVERY time she would give an IOU to Maco, either way he has every single one.

"He calculated ₲31,000." She says in defeat... That's roughly about $90,000, but that number sounds about right. Maco was an idiot giving her that much!

"Yup, that's exactly correct! Thank Tony and thank you for being honest and not holding back Nina, it means more than you know. Now to the other number... Nina, Dad paid ₲60,000 to Isabella for her to accept the Alpha Command Non Disclosure Agreement. Remember, Safe Word or not you went fucking overboard! She healed but couldn't work for a pretty good while, she's a TOP paying model Nina, Dad had to compensate her lost income... you went out of your budget and made relations with the Saint Germaines more complicated. Sure they apologized for not obeying their Izzy, but I'll leave that for HER to handle... You say that you have the amount to pay me, I will accept your payment. You're going to handle the yard right?" We all look at her as she drank the rest of her wine before pouring herself more.

By OUR law an Alpha can't get involved in petty gossip and give an Alpha command to just shut someone up over a PERSONAL squabble, we HAVE free speech after all! This wasn't a pack or top security secret, this was Nina wanting to play Dominatrix with a hot chick! And that's FINE, but she's the Betas' daughter and she chose to play too hard with the wrong person, she just doesn't stop and THINK!

Gúarionex and Dad would have broken the law and acted like a tyrants if they would've commanded Isabella without consent, and that's without mentioning creating a big rift in the pack with us and the Saint Germaines at each other's necks, AGAIN! We've been trying to REPAIR our old feuds with them and here Nina comes and takes Dad's efforts back threefold! He was already negotiating with Augustus to invest in rituals for a Mating between Suania and his second son Erbao who was REALLY into her. She thought he was cute, but Nía was more like me in that regard... We really didn't care if we found our mate or not. They both found their mates anyway, so it's not like it matters now.

"Sigh. Yes Patriarch, I have the amount to cover ALL my debts, including the ₲60,000 Dad paid and yes, I will cover every expense for the yard." She says in a low and solemn voice while looking at the burgundy colored liquid in her glass with a gloomy stare... Ok, whatever else I hate to see her like this. Nina is always full of life and laughter, I really want to get over this day already.

"Ok, Nina I'm only going to charge HALF of what you owe me but the rest I want in labor. You want the yard to be the legacy you leave our family and I'll let you go to it as soon as you want. I will make sure our records show EVERY contribution you, Tony and your line brings to this house. However the part you owe me will be put to use on the other issues of the house as MY OWN legacy. You'll take care of the family burial chamber and I want all the basement refurbished and turn the dungeons into a good storage space, just make sure to leave intact the cell that housed that piece of shit Mengele, besides everything else he did, that's also a part of Abuelo's legacy to this house! I will help you with the tech needed to keep out any humidity and the such, also Morgana said she would add the same enchantment placed over her house in Brooklyn. We shouldn't even have to dust the house anymore! She had already tested it with Yaya and Izzy to make sure it doesn't clash with Adelola's spell." What that monster did to Babka's mother, our own great grandmother, her sister and her family has no name. The fucking humans allowed him to escape to Argentina, before moving to Brazil.

Abuelo brought Babka to Karaya before WWII even started, they only had news of weird shit going on in Germany with the Communist Party and the growing NAZI Party. When Kristallnacht happened, Agüebaná III ordered it investigated. So Marushka moved here with no worries for her family or her pack back home. Abuelo wanted to impress her, so he stole a fucking yacht to bring her and ANYTHING she wanted here! He had made a VERY good amount of money in the 20s with the bootlegging to Tampa, so he took her on a shopping spree and she brought a lot of fancy shit and a ton of family heirlooms from both Russia and Poland. Nina IS RIGHT, we ARE turning into HOARDERS! That is one thing we ALL agree in this family... we have to get rid of a ton of crap! Not even Nina who's the Kappa wants to keep it! I'm telling you go to the Oller's house and it looks and feels super cramped! And their house is almost identical to ours! Thank the Goddess Dad sold that yacht along with the boats Abuelo used for smuggling rum and weed into the United States! While bringing back peyote and their cactus, that he would trade with The Tonkawa Tribe in Oklahoma. Yaya's temple has a huge green house where she breeds, grows and harvests them.

The only cool things they brought from our other ancestral countries was the Kuznetsov family's sovnya, named 'Konets'! It's a two-handed polearm that dates from the FUCKING 10th century! It's by far the oldest weapon in our armory! It still has the Kuznetsov's coat of arms and Abuelo commissioned the steel Masters to engrave our OWN family crest on it. The moment it entered our armory it was blessed by Adelola's protection spell. It's like she designed it so that just by adding the family crest it was then and forever OURS, and we had LOADS! Just the collection of Spanish rapiers Anani's father brought was enough for an exhibit. Ensuring her OWN legacy in the family which, DUH! She's literally EVERYWHERE! You can't have a damn bowl of cereal in this house without her looking! They were the epitome of go big or go home!

He also brought a Bayonet Bagnet 28'! We NEED to get a Poln M29, Poln 98, Karabinek to complete the piece, but it still looks good and it's weight is comfortable. And a Karabin samopowtarzalny wzór 38 M, WHEW! Thank the Goddess it's our other mother tongue! We grew up among Spanish, Polish and Russian. Izzy and I spent most of our time in Eastern Europe, ESPECIALLY Maco who DOES look Slavic! I would usually fein an accent so that my cover was believable! Good times!

It's a self repeating rifle model 38M, they're very simple but they're actually pretty cool! And the piece of resistance... A whole armor set from Poland! Nina put everything apart and cleaned them really nice and put them back together making sure not to damage the betina of the weapon. Between Warrior families we always say that it's a LUXURY to have a Kappa in the family! So far none of us have given birth to a Kappa, we have yet to see when Maco's and Amelia's daughter is born.

When Germany invaded Poland in 1939 Babka was already pregnant with Tía Ayiti and she was worried sick.

We have ALWAYS infiltrated other countries with our methods, but what we have NOW... A HEAVILY organized spy network? OPIA? Sure, but The advanced tech to contact those far away?... No. All of that was in it's infancy. Our scientists and engineers had already increased the range of the Morse code we used, we already had sonar and cloaking, but long range comms? A satellite in orbit? Not yet...

Abuelo couldn't stand seeing Marushka like that and prepped a team putting the old bad back together: Pedro, Bjørn and Björk, to head out to find Alpha Mikołaj and Klan Księżyca Lycan. He was gone for months yet he made sure to be back for his daughter's birth and to care for his mate, but came only with rumors that they had fled back to Russia and others to Czechoslovakia. Babka wanted at the very least to have her mother and sister with her, and Abuelo flexed his muscle to assure them sanctuary. Alpha Agüebaná III was willing to meet Alpha Mikołaj and give them ALL sanctuary. A few months after Ayiti was born and with Marushka healthy, Abuelo head out again with the others and backup to scour all of Eastern Europe looking for them. He would be satisfied is he at least found Alexandra and Verushka alive or dead. They followed a lead that some of the pack were captured by a particular NAZI scientist who ended up being a damn vampire with his own agenda to find more weakness in Warewolves!

Doktor Jörg Schäfer was infatuated with his human prodigy, Doktor Josef Mengele, the fucking Angel of Death, and had the intention to turn him. In Shäfer's diary he would ramble about what a visionary Hitler was and and how Heinrich Himmler was a genius. He compared Warewolves to Jews and Gypsies (Romani) and that the world would be CLEAN without us! We don't get involved with human wars but we were VERY close to entering the ring here.

Either way Abuelo found our great grandmother, Alexandra Kuznetsov and brought her and her grandson home.

Verushka had met her mate Ivan Sokolov and had a pup, Alexander Sokolov-Dukovich. The pup was still untouched, but what his tender eyes saw be done to his parents and grandmother, scarred him for life and Alexandra wore an eye patch covering the her empty left eye socket. Verushka and Ivan didn't survive. And it took Abuelo and his team a day and a night to find their remains in a pit a few miles from the camp and brought them home for Marushka's sake.

Abuelo and his team liberated the wolves in that camp North of Treblinka, bringing back documentation EN MASSE along with Doktor Jörg Schäfer who spent a few weeks in the dungeons until Abuelo compiled the evidence against him. Mengele had already been transferred to Auschwitz to keep with his disgusting experiments.

Agüebaná III sent this information, a COPY of Jörg's diary along with his head (Moira did the honors, Selene didn't want him in her realm, she doesn't mind war, she DOES mind the genocide of ANY of her creatures) to the head of his Blood Clan as a warning to keep their people in check. And since this became an Avalon matter, Moira went herself to hand our pack's gift to Reinheit im Blutclan.

They sent an apology letter disassociating themselves from what Jörg did, along with a coffer of gold for the compensation of the victims and one of four of their baseball sized Blood Rubies as a gift to the pack as a thank you for ending him and what they called: '... a very distasteful ordeal...' And '... shameful subjugation to humans lesser nature and stupidity...' Moira took Blood Ruby to Avalon to verify foul play. They didn't find any. However the Lady Ziggy, Yaya's mentor, wanted to double check. She loves Yaya and was really embarrassed by what one of her kind did, she waited with Moira until the full Moon to purify and Bless it with the blood of her tears and the light of the Moon before handing it to us personally with her condolences. Our pack has trusted Ziggy for almost a century, she made sure to make Yaya powerful and Izzy said she was very doting with all the girls. Moira was Izzy's mentor in the Misteries, but Ziggy was her archery and sword Master. Either way, Abuelo hunted that son of a bitch down and was able to find him in '63 in a small village on the border between Brazil and Paraguay, right before The Great Warewolf War.

By that time the only people who lived in this house were Abuelo, Bapka, Ayiti, Dad and Alexandra... Alexander found his mate in Edith's Spogel's sister, Marianella. They even lived in the Small House for a while, he IS a reputable Chi reconstructive neurosurgeon and even though most of his 5 kids, our kin, have the Spogel mutation, most are Chis, too who have been working everyday repairing the damage many received from the blast. He and his oldest two were receiving special training in Switzerland and were among the missing for a while. He founded the Sokolov family; his family crest brought from Russia dating to the 16th century and Marianella's Dad Erik bought them a condo Downtown.

Alexandra divided the coffer of gold given by the vampires between Alex and her part she gave to Abuelo and Marushka as thanks for bringing Verushka to rest since she had no expenses by living with them and she wanted to contribute to her other daughter's standing in the family. Alex and Gadiel have been negotiating with Bayo and Isla to buy the Real family ancestral home, Maco started vouching for Gadiel, while Bayoán is more inclined towards Alex. However Izzy told them both to keep out of it because it has nothing to do with us and to leave Isla decide whatever she wants. I don't have to ask Izz anything to know she's got extra info, so I haven't said shit.

Abuelo had the Doktor in that cell for months allowing Marushka and Alexandra claim their vengeance. However, Alex wanted more than just a quick satisfaction... He handed Mengele over to the Human Studies Department, a subsidiary of the Biology Department of the University, so they could study human pain tolerance and the most effective ways to extract information from them on him, giving them free range to go about it however they wanted and no one showed that monster any mercy. Alexander's only condition was to keep Mengele alive and lucid for as long as possible and to prepare him for what Hades would dish out to his soul.

He lived to a ripe old age full of pain and misery... In the end there was only his torso and his head left, not even his cock and balls were spared. JUST as he was dying, Dad wanted to fuck him over one last time and ordered for him to be burned alive, denying him even a peaceful death! Ayiti took his ashes to a pig farm in Germany, where she dumped them in the mud with the pigs. Alex, Ayiti and Dad didn't want to pollute Karaya or the ocean with his remains.

We never met Abuelo and only Maco, Nina and Bayo remember Alexandra. Shit Nina even painted her portrait when she was 7, and it's VERY close to her pictures! Maco says that sometimes she would call Nina by Verushka's name and she always talked in Russian or Polish, never caring to learn Spanish and would always have a tall glass of vodka with ice. For all the therapy she received she couldn't get over loosing her daughter and her mate, great grandfather Szymon...
###chapter 157: WF570633
Urayoán's POV


Alexandra died peacefully in her rocking chair on the upstairs balcony watching Maco, Nina and Bayo playing in the yard while Marushka was rocking Umbros next to her and Mom cooing me while she was lying on the hammock... her prisoner number still on display on her forearm: WF570633. They offered to remove it, but she refused saying it was a part of her history and she had accepted it. Babka's own grief took her when Izzy was sent to Avalon. In her diaries she states that she prayed for death since Abuelo died, but didn't want to abandon her and her sister's child, so she held on as long as she could. In her last entries she was Angry at Dad for allowing Izzy be taken to what she thought was a concentration camp. They're ALL now resting together downstairs.

After Dad died, Bayoán reassured Alex that we'll make sure his parents bones would continue to be kept safe until he decides to retrieve them or leave them were they are, it would always be up to him. He has access to a certain degree to the house since he is also under Adelola's protection. He grew up in this house, so to a certain degree this is his ancestral family home too. It's kinda like us and the Oller house and vice versa... we usually don't knock on the door to visit, we simply walk in and help ourselves and none of us feel awkward about it, it's not like we've been doing it for centuries!

We don't call Alex Tío, even though he is in a way, but we still stick to the old ways so we refer to him and his family as cousins, like with the Ollers and Spogels. Him and his kids come every so often through the side gate to go down to the catacombs to the family burial chamber with a falcon feather symbolizing his Russian family name and red and white roses for his mother, aunt and grandmother, he had a special prayer for Abuelo who got him out. There's a small wood bench down there and he usually brings a bottle of rum for the old bootlegger, and stays down there for a good while to then come back up a bit drunk.

He never wanted to go back to Poland and would usually leave the room if Izz, I or Lola talked about a mission because we would mostly go there. He DOES speak both Russian and Polish around us a lot, it was a reflex at this point. I mean, he grew up with his Babushka who never spoke Spanish! Dad would say she would ignore you if you talked to her in Spanish or any other language. Mom was pissed for a time because her mates dear Babushka was a stubborn cunt! Mom eventually would come to learn and even correct Alexandra's Russian saying that she talked like if she were a country peasant! Alexandra started liking Mom then!

Either way the Blood Ruby is on display at the museum. It's in the exhibit with the collection of all the documents, pictures and videos recorded. We still have a bunch of Jörg's shit in the vault including his SS uniform, his diary, his pistol, among a lot of other NAZI memorabilia I find distasteful to keep HERE.

"As you say brother, still, there will be founds leftover. I'm definitely not cutting corners but I do know how much will go into all this." Plus Nina has a lot of connections and knows who to trust to do the best work.

"I agree with Nina, we should get rid of the ostentatious extras. Why do we want a carriage?! Also I really want all Jörg's shit out of here, even if we can't sell it, I say we DONATE it, I get they're trophies, but seriously? It's disgusting!" Thank you Lola!

"I second that motion!" I say rapidly.

"Is there anyone AGAINST the idea of getting rid of all that crap?" Umbros just cuts to the chance. We all look at each other.

"I definitely want to get rid of MOST of all that crap and yeah, I want all that nasty NAZI shit out of here, I still don't know why Dad kept it and I'm totally fine with GIVING it away if it comes to that! I personally would like it if we kept Adelola's and Iabalaba's Main Priestess robes and cloaks, the mantillas Guanina and Asenath used for their wedding as well as Yacahüey's captain hat and his leather justacorp. I mostly care for the cleaning, restoration and cataloguing all the weapons! Still I would REALLY like to go through Asenath's stuff carefully, I mean, she DID have the longest life out of all our ancestors and she's got fashion from EVERY era from the 17th century up to the early Edwardian period. I LOVE her white and black male late 17th century get up as well as her black and white striped dress of the same era I wore for that masquerade that we had last year! It was really fun! I want to make it a permanent yearly event, what do you guys think?!" Izzy adds with her exited voice. That WAS a fun party! Almost everyone in the pack dressed up in European get up from that time period and I got to wear Yacahüey's off island get up with the items Izz just mentioned!

We tend to celebrate our Taíno and African heritage a lot and even though our architecture and even our language reflects the European part of our heritage, there were no EVENTS to acknowledge it, Isla arranged the whole event in the museum's huge ballroom. Man Umbros, Paco, Pepe and I got MASSIVELY wasted that night! We woke up on top of The Citadel's 25 foot thick wall behind the Oller house, Pepe almost rolled off the cliff! It wouldn't have been pretty, it's a good 180 foot drop to rocks and ocean bellow!

And my sisters and cousins looked GORGEOUS! I didn't know we had so many tiaras and bling in the vault! Now I got more excited for Nyma playing dress up and sparring with her cousins and everything Frey and I want for the future of our little Gamma! And hell yeah I'm always on board on keeping a yearly party like THAT one! I already feel Frey looking through the dresses I know of, picking and choosing! Also Izzy's asking for very specific heirlooms that are staples for explaining our family history to the newer generations. Besides what Nina asked to keep, Izzy added some extras and of course the weapons are in her priorities.

"Hey I want to keep the powder blue dress I used, that was Casicana's! And we're not selling Asenath's signature emo black dress right?!" Suania loves ALL those dresses, unfortunately she doesn't have the skill to keep them looking NEW. And yeah, Asenath had a fetish of wearing only black and white until the mid Georgian era entering the Regency era with a more colorful aesthetic being not just a powerful Beta, but as a fashion icon because of her signature look.

Casicaná was a Gamma and during that time she wore a lot of light blue to compliment the light blue of her eyes. Of all of Imotonex's offspring, only she and her baby brother Pablo (named after OUR also great-great grandfather Pablo Oller de la Cuenca) shared the eyes of Anani's mother, the Luna, Doña Aymé Soledad Allende Ruíz de la Casa de los Condes de Carvajal, whom she in turn inherited them from her father, along with his title and estate in Granada, we still stay in that house when we go to there. If you think our names are long now, back in the day in Spain your name was an entire sentence!

Her father, Conde Don Adrián José Allende Fernández, a human, who WAS indeed a Count from Granada, Spain, ended up being True Mate to her mother, the first Loiza of our family, who was a mighty Beta Warrior, who would go island hopping with a team to verify if there was any wolf left who was on the run. It took Adrián a while to understand, but he allowed the Bond to guide him and as a wedding present, he freed his almost 200 slaves, asking for forgiveness and offering to return them to Africa. Most took his offer hopping to reunite with their families while a very few saw Loiza's strength and since she was a native they asked her if they could go with them. The Cacique Habaguanex granted her request. He's the Cacique who united us, and it's because of HIM we are Osupa. Freya KNOWS ALL of this history, being my Twin Soul and all... She helped Amelia be as ready as she could for today and promised to keep at it with her to make her a better Matriarch.

"Nía, we'll go through EVERYTHING I promise! It's just that it's impossible for me ALONE to give them maintenance! Honey I would LOVE to keep them ALL, but either way they're SOOOOO MANY that we can pick and choose and if we are going to have a yearly masquerade, which Izzy I'm TOTALLY on board! We can make an inventory, I definitely also want to keep Adelola's canary yellow dress with that bitching bust I wore! Remind me to arrange an Album for that night, we ALL looked so posh! Ha! And Mami's birthday was the next day! That was a fun weekend! Anyway, Nía this is just to establish that we ARE willing to let go of the things we DON'T use and take up space and time, money and effort to keep looking as the day they were made. Do you want our house looking like the Ollers? As Kappas they should also be watching over the aesthetic beauty of the architecture of their home. Either way hun, we really don't NEED ALL of them and whatever piece we sell to the Historical Society, we still could use them on LOAN as original owners, sure we would have to pay a deposit as collateral, but it's better than them rotting away because I don't have the time to restore them. How about this? Since I'm going to make a storage out of the rest of the dungeons, I can allocate a pretty big wardrobe to house the dresses of different eras we decide to keep. I've checked the blueprints of the house and we can actually make that space bigger by just adding support arches to the entrance of each cell, allowing my team to open up the space more. I'm sure Amelia, Morgana and Frey would want to pick and choose too, I already know Morgana wants Cacicaná's silk green dress she wore with her great grandmother's Celtic Trinity Knot emerald diadem. Bitch stole the spotlight that night! She looked like she would have taken Catherine the Great DOWN! Is that the night you knocked her up Bayo?" Bayoán smiled, we can feel how he remembers seeing Morgana in the gown. I can smell his pheromones, just the thought of it is getting him aroused.

"You know what? I'll have to run the numbers, but that DOES sounds about right! I'm going to have to talk with Papo to commission to have her portrait dressed like that! That was very polite Nina, thank you, she did look like a queen herself that night! Frankly you ALL did! It was an honor to escort you ladies, we looked ok, but YOU guys looked AMAZING! Oh yeah, I'm on board with this plan Izz!" Civil conversation between these two? Well Izzy did tell her to try.

"Bayo, Dad's dead. I have my own Daddy issues to work out ok? I'm going to do my best to put OUR bullshit to an end and want to apologize for any shit I gave you that you DIDN'T deserve, it was childish. And no I'm NOT going to apologize for the shit I gave you when you DID deserve it! But I AM aware that it was mostly me, I just don't want to be angry at you or anyone else from our family for that matter. What do you say little brother? Do you forgive me? Can we have a truce?" It was as if time stopped. Bayo was very silent and thoughtful for a bit as he put down his cutlery and wiped his mouth with the napkin.

"I was wrong to not stand up for you when Dad clipped your wings. I was against it but didn't say shit. If I would have put the effort, I KNOW I could have convinced Dad to drop it. Tía, you were right, he totally miscalculated the situation and it took Izzy destroying us in mere minutes to prove Tía right. I remember how it was back then when it was just us three. Hell! I still remember Babushka giving us shit for toppling over that old Polish Hussar Knight Armor downstairs that belonged to I don't even know who now, that Babka brought with her before World War II. Awe man she was scary as fuck when she would give that deadly glare with her one blue eye before going off in Russian!" They, Maco and Tía found it hysterical.

"KAKOGO KHRENA VY, DVOYE PARNEY, DELAYETE?! (What the fuck are you brats doing?!) JAJAJAJA! Dude, she would confuse me sometimes and call me by Verushka's name! Now THAT was creepy! For a time I actually thought Verushka WAS my name! Thank the Goddess for Babka calming her down!" We ALL found this funny... It's EXACTLY what Babka would tell US in either Russian or Polish whenever we would cause trouble!

"Bayo I really appreciate you admitting to that, I was already angry at you anyway for no particular legit reason, but your hands off bullshit REALLY pissed me off! I accept your apology and hope that I don't have to think about it again... Savvy? We can go ahead and topple that armor now and no one can give us shit about it! Truce?" HEY! I LOVE that armor! It's badass! I want to find the wings that go with it! Bayo stands up from his chair and goes to her as she starts standing too and they actually hug each other! Nina was already in the verge of tears before, but the flood gate opened.

"Truce big sister, let there be no more ugliness between us ok, I never stopped loving you. I'm sorry sweetheart." He tells her kissing her forehead.

"I'm sorry too..." Hopefully for good!
###chapter 158: DNA
Bayoán's POV


I never thought this would ever happen! I can really feel her remorse through our filial Bond... I hope she feels mine.

"Ok, let's keep focus! We got a long way to go still but we can do this!" Nina, will always be Nina, but it's nice to be able to try to be FRIENDS again. She never stopped being my sister.

"Congratulations to you both! Let's hope that this lasts. So does anybody have any suggestions for what to do with the potential leftover money from the renovations and the sale of all the crap we're going to get rid of? Should we just put it in the family account?" Nina and I give each other another tight squeeze and we go back to our chairs.

"Babe, remember what your father and mother were planning and saving for. The amount of money in the account already yields very profitable interests and everyone's income has risen substantially. This family had history before him, but it was Imotonex's willingness to go all the way that made this family great. We still don't know why the generation after him befell the problems it did, and since we will never know what would have happened if Yacahüey and his family had lived we should focus on where there was SUCCESS in the family. Everyone dropped like flies or didn't have Beta born children to forward the family name. So let's think... Asenath was the last Beta of that generation taking over as head of the family and did what Izzy did of keeping her family name and passing it to Urayoán. After Imotonex died she chose that Urayoán take over as pack Beta, right?" Damn Amelia HAS done her homework!

"Yup! In her diaries, Asenath didn't want to deal with the politics of ruling, she just wanted to travel with Fernando, they brought clothes and a ton of stuff from all over the world!" Suania barely remembers Babka, but she's always been fascinated by the history of our family.

"I've noticed that most of the matings in Asenath's generation were with locals, right?" It takes me a minute, but yeah, ALL 14 of Imotonex's offspring were mated to Osupa families.

"You're doing well Matriarch, so far your observation is correct." I answered. I look at Maco from the corner of my eye, he is enraptured by her.

"Ok, when the first Loiza found her mate, he was not just an outsider AND Spaniard, he was HUMAN. His mating with Loiza bore Aymé who became LUNA, making their offspring the next Cacique, Agüebaná II and their daughter Anani, was an Beta princess who was a brave warrior and explorer. Anani in turn ALSO mates with ANOTHER outsider and another human giving birth to Adelola, Iabalaba and Oluwale, who even though he died under mysterious circumstances very young, the sisters were BOTH powerful Priestesses. True that Iabalaba met a tragic end, but Adelola went on to be Blessed with Imotonex, who started worship to Changó as well as the Goddess and they had over a DOZEN children! Everything was going fine until it wasn't. Asenath and Fernando only had ONE son and HE in turn also became quite the... 'Entrepreneur' while still keeping to his duty as Beta. He too found his mate OUTSIDE Karaya having TWO Betas, like if the genetic coding was recalibrating wanting more diversity! That lead to him having NINE grandchildren ALL in certain positions of power in the pack with not just the usual family Beta position, but the Alpha one as well AND who revived the word Cacique! And NOW, every single one of those grandchildren have found their mates, NONE of who are OG Osupa, who have already given him FOUR great grandchildren and another on the way, two of which are Alphas and one will continue to rule. So from my PROFESSIONAL point of view and from what I have gathered from Maco as an entrepreneur himself, it seems to me that the Goddesses AND The Orishas Bless this family when there's diversity and desire for growth! Beta Ayato didn't want to fix the yard like Kiskeya wanted, not because he just wanted to be a prick about it, but because he wanted to EXPAND the family and it's power. While Kiskeya wanted to strengthen the power already there. Either way, they BOTH wanted the same thing, the only difference was how to go about it." Wait what?!

"I'm understanding your theory, yet what do you mean by expand? And Mom wanting power? She declined even trying to be Alpha." Dad never told me this. They found something I don't know about? I turn to look at Izz and she's smiling while eating her Tres Leches. She notices my stare and looks back at me.

"What? She's absolutely right so far, pay attention to your Matriarch mijo! I have power when I step out of this house, HERE it's Maco and Amelia who rule! Bayoán... Sigh, we have Real blood because of Adelola and our ancestors through HER line, not Mami's. She didn't challenge Gúarionex because she had no claim to be Alpha. Agüebaná III and Luna Beatriz weren't True Mates, they never found them. Either way Agüebaná III and Beatriz loved each other so they decided to be Chosen Mates. Her family the Solés were over the Moon with the match, they had hoped it would help them grow in power in the pack. However After they had Gúarionex, time passed and Agüebaná III stopped focusing on his mate, enjoying the company of many others. They grew so distant that she started using the Luna's Chambers, he even became somewhat abusive towards her and she found comfort in the arms of someone else." WHAT?! I look at Maco and Amelia and they both look like they KNOW! And Tía Ayiti hasn't spoken at all but I can tell that she also knows.

"Are you saying Tía wasn't daughter of Agüebaná III? Are you serious right now Izzy?!" Talia asks before I recover. Everyone is so silent waiting for the answer, I can tell that even Ura wasn't privy to this information.

"Exactly." Maco answers simply taking a sip of his wine.

"For fucks sake can someone explain this?! Where did you get this information?! WHO is her father?! Is he ALIVE?!" I ask completely dumbfounded! Did Dad know?

"Thank you for taking the questions right on my mouth brother! Can somebody tell us what the hell's going on?!" Now I notice that Nina though that this reunion was for her to make amends but apparently there is much more meat here! I take another swing at my wine.

"My pleasure sweetheart!" This is bullshit! When did Izzy find out? And suddenly Maco puts a white, VERY heafty diary on the table. Ura takes it and looks through the pages, trying to find the answer but passes it to me.

"After a while Beatriz stopped caring for Agüebaná's affairs, neglect, abuse and indifference. She dedicated herself to Gúarionex but she was lonely and had her own affair with Orocobix Guerrero Ibañez. She drugged Agüebaná with a strong aphrodisiac and she reluctantly had sex with him to make him believe the baby was his. She had Yaya and Daniella's mother, Véronique as accomplices. Véronique tampered with the DNA sample we take at birth and needed for Mom's scent to be Real to hide the fact that she was a Guerrero--" Maco answers before being cut off.

"Let me guess, Yaya came up with the perfect blend of Idanimo potion." Urayoán asks rubbing his face. And we all look at Maco but Izzy answers.

"That's why I told all of you to lay off any claim to the Real family ancestral home and to leave that decision to Isla only. We have no claim over it. Right after that disastrous meeting... like SERIOUSLY Bayoán, is THAT how meetings were before with Gúarionex and Dad?! Anyway, the Real bloodline is GONE, all that's left of it is what little is left in the veins of many families in this island including ourselves. Their sole heir is Isla, and I don't want anyone pestering her anymore to sell. Whatever may have happened in the past that is the ancestral home of her dead mate and ONLY son! You all may miss Yadiel, but the only one who understands my pain of his loss is Tali. All three of us shared a very particular Bond, and even though Talia is not my sister in my blood it FEELS like she is! It was the same with Yadiel! In OUR hearts we feel like if we had lost one of YOU, and even then I thought before that he WAS our cousin, that's why the whole thing of me mating with him didn't sit that well with me. And now I know WHY Isla wanted either me or Tali as mates for Yadiel, we're not related! Natalia and I love Isla just as much as she loves Tía and I Mami, like no joke guys, in our hearts the love and attachment is the SAME! That's why THEY became so much closer..." Izzy needs a break and Talia had left her chair to sit next to Izz after Ura granted his seat to her.

The two were holding each other, both with tears. I'm sure Urayoán KNOWS how they feel, he and Izzy have always been the closest even though they were apart for so long. He crouches down and comforts them. After they started that whole sacred Circle bullshit, it's really fascinating how they created this sub-filial Bond. I heard what happened the other day, I KNOW that their little trip Downtown was the catalyst to this whole brouhaha! And now they're even getting their mates involved! If Izzy hadn't handed the keys of the HOUSE to Maco I would have thought she would be going for a complete power grab of our family! I have to hand it to her, she saw the power that HARMONY within OUR family achieved for the pack so she's going for that to keep sustaining it. Both Maco and Amelia are very serene, also Maco is an entrepreneur and Amelia a doctor. We have already felt the shift in power in Amelia since she cast off her past and took on our family name as her own. Instead of pumping power and skill into our filial bond, she's injecting serenity, fortune and health. The things that are most important to have a cohesive family! No wonder Nina is trying to make peace with me! I may HAVE to try this Circle thing!

"Sorry... Anyway, if all three of them became so close and the two remaining ones can't stop gossiping to each other, wouldn't you think that THIS is the creme de la creme of gossip! Of course both of them knew! This explains so much! And then Orocobix comes over and basically demands to help me in whatever it is that I want without even knowing what my plan is? And then wishes me a happy birthday?! That's not common knowledge right? I wanted that classified! I don't care anybody knowing how old I am I just don't care anybody bugging me that day or any day for that matter for something so stupid! We have our own way of seeing it in Avalon sorry. I really like it for you guys and I'm sure I'm going to love it for my kids and my mate but I don't really care for it for myself. Guys again I'm really sorry for using that trump card for getting whatever I wanted that day I just wanted to feel like the old me again! I didn't ask for any of this! If I would have wanted to be a puppy mill stuck on the island I wouldn't have challenged Dad! I have wanted to serve as backup in so many extractions that I knew I could have easily solved! But I have to also play by the rules of the game. I'm not stupid, that's why I am where I am! I always follow my intuition, and it keeps telling me to be completely fine with disclosing this information to the pack. All the parties involved are dead, and from the information we have checked on Orocobix is that, yeah he is the strongest of the Guerrero family but he never found his mate, I imagine that's why they didn't name him head of the family. Either way he was a mayor Casanova and apparently Mami wasn't the only product of his healthy fertility! But I also want to respect Isla's grief. So for now I would appreciate if anyone would refrain from bothering her. This is something very difficult for her, she has found out many things about herself lately and feels like she doesn't know herself sometimes. For Goddesses sake! At the beginning I forgot to even acknowledge her as Luna! I still have a lot of work to do too, so I need you guys as backup! And I say we have our dearest Grandpapá over to REALLY explain this! Beatriz made sure he train Mami and in her diary she says she knew he was her father because he just straight up told her! When I was calmer in my office and he came to see me I could TOTALLY scent that we shared blood. Have any of you even MET him before? You'll be able to smell it when you see him." Her emotions are all over the place now, but she's not using her Light of Serenity.

She goes to the kitchen and lights up a joint and sits under one of the arches that separates the halls from the garden, I feel her trying to figure out how she feels about all of it and she already knew! We are left in the Dinning Hall speechless.

"Tía, do you have anything to say?" Maco asks calmly.

"No. You guys seem to have a handle on it!" She fucking ALWAYS does this!

"BULLSHIT TÍA! WHAT THE FUCK?! You three were always thick as thieves! TELL US!" I am pissed as fuck! How DARE they keep this information from us?!

"What exactly is it dear nephew, you want me to say?" She asks calmly. But already Izzy's leaning on the archway that leads into the Dinning Hall in the haze of the smoke of the joint with a bottle of vodka and a shot glass.

"EVERYTHING Tía! I fucking ORDER YOU to tell us EVERYTHING!" Ayiti's calm demeanor faded away and there was a slight hint of fear in her eyes. Izzy was flexing her aura towards her...
###chapter 159: The Sinful Secret
Suania's POV

What. The. Actual. Fuck?!

I have always been hella proud of the history of our tribe, but our FAMILY history in itself is bitchin as fuck! None of us expected this sudden uppercut! If Izzy wouldn't have read Mami's dairy we ALL know Tía and Isla would've taken it to the grave, those two are the queens of gossip of the family right now, so if neither said anything it meant they had no intention to. We are ALL pissed! How could they?!

"FINE, but I don't want to hear shit if I say things you would've rather not know." What more can there be?!

"Cut the bullshit! Just spit it out Councilwolf! I'm loosing patience FAST!" Izzy is trying to collect herself and her aura, it got a little suffocating there for a minute!

"I'm going to it CACIQUE! Your Mami and Isla grew up in The Fort together and I was over there all the time. Isla is after all Alberto's half sister and their father was brilliant at his craft and Alberto was a prodigy! The Acosta family has ALWAYS served at The Fort and after Alberto's mother passed during her accident at labor, Enrique, their dad got a second chance mate and only had Isla. Anyway, the point is we know each other really well, and when we were girls, I was older after all and would spend my free time hanging out mostly with her brother, we would give Kiskeya a hard time since we were all so jelly of her being trained and mentored by Orocobix, El Guapo! Give me a damn break! EVERY unmated female would salivate in his presence! If only you knew how many times Isla, I and other girls and boys would go to the training yard showers to see if we cough a glimpse of the legendary cock of such an Adonis! But Kiske never seemed interested in him, yet she WAS fond of him, and Isla and I started suspecting that her training included EXTRA activities, if you know what I mean?" Ewww! Mom sex stories!

"Goddess! SERIOUSLY Mom?!" Lola drops her head in humiliation.

"Oh my Goddess..." Umbros says in a low voice of shame lowering his face and covering it with one of his hands. Totally embarrassed by his mom!

"For fucks sake Tía get to it!" DAMN! I've never heard Maco talking to Tía that way, especially with his new extra chill vibe!

"Watch how you speak to me bo--" Oh boy...

"GO ON! GIVE ME THE PLEASURE OF CALLING YOUR PATRIARCH BOY OLD WOMAN! I SWEAR AYITI, I WILL STRIP YOU OF OUR NAME! JUST YOUR SILENCE IN THIS MATTER IS DISRESPECTFUL ENOUGH! HOW DARE YOU KEEP THIS FROM US?!" Yikes, just edit what I said! As head of our family, Maco HAS the authority to erase your name from the family's history and fully disown and banish you from our house and family and that includes Adelola's protection as you would be viewed as an outsider. So even if you carry her blood, she won't grant you access inside, especially the family burial chamber. Our family wouldn't claim your bones and you would have to find another place for you to be buried. Just the thought of my remains not being with my family is TERRIFYING!

To honor the dead in our tribe is a VERY sacred right of passage, and now more than ever that we are being more devout to Gaia. As children of the Moon we believe in ALL of the phases of life, and just as birth brings new joy and blood to the family, death grants a person history and legacy, giving them A NEW LIFE. The pain suffered among those left behind brings a new factor of intimacy to the filial bond making it stronger. That's why I think we are what we are now. What we ALL did as a FAMILY, as a PACK, we achieved by the strength of our collective grief... Sparked by OUR own family pain.

It's already being recorded as the MOST harmonious, united and powerful moment in our history, putting the Mirabal name in the PINNACLE of our history! And since what we are achieving now is under Izzy's rule HER LEGACY, and those who follow will ALWAYS have a place of High Honor in the burial chamber. Many members of our family have written in their diaries having Adelola shown herself to them and even have conversations with her in the burial chamber, and they ALL say that she just straight up said that she had bound her soul to this house to appear and guide those who would forward her own legacy. Maybe that's why I'm kind of purposely mediocre, I don't think I would like that experience! The Catacombs have always scared the SHIT out of me! It's like I start going down there and I hear thousands of voices! Izzy, Yadiel and Tali had always loved going down there for some reason or other. But you try going down there! It's creepy as hell! I'm not a big fan of horror stories here! And a lot of our history is crimson from all of the blood, it's not that I'm afraid of no ghost... Fuck, who am I kidding? I'm afraid of ghosts! I'm not going to be hiding my own phobias like Bayo!

We have always respected several gods, and we have always followed certain rules they demand. And the main rule that Gaia demands is that all of her children return to her bosom. For our people the dead MUST be underground ASAP for they must return to Gaia's womb. For him to make this threat he's officially giving her a red card! None of us want our bones discarded by our family and having that phase of our lives destroyed.

"Sorry Patriarch. I forgot my place. I hope that you can forgive me nephew." She says softly in a cool, calm and collected manner while looking at Izzy with a super cold glare of death! It's hysterical! But I really contain myself, this is a MAJOR threat but either way Izzy is looking at her with a gleaming smile! The other two female Alphas only ruled for a VERY short time and really didn't do anything major during their legacy except babies. Izzy's doing way more than that! So even if she were to die tomorrow, Goddesses Bless her! Her ripple still would be huge in the tribe!

"Please Tía, we are blood. I also remember those days with Babushka and how she would whack me with her damn stick if I mispronounced a single word in Russian! It's amazing going down memory lane! Please CONTINUE." And we see Tia perspiring and closing her eyes. It's not like we already don't know! We just want to know what the hell happened.

"Like I was saying... We thought Kiske was having her fun with the dashing Alpha. Nobody knew or suspected his relationship with Beatriz, he WAS only 17 when he impregnated the still beautiful Luna, who was already a mother and had been mated for 15 years. She like MANY lusted after the young handsome Warrior with a body of a GOD! Even the other day at the meeting I was trying to control my own body reacting to his oozing charm and sex appeal. His father decided to name him Elder before his time, I guess he wanted to try to contain his lust and virility, but for all of Elder Biautex's efforts, Orocobix seems to still have a healthy sexual appetite and has even regained his fetish for Lunas. Either way Beatriz was supper thirsty for the much younger Orocobix and he was never one to refuse pussy from a beautiful woman, especially a Luna and their strong pheromones. When he found out about Kiskeya, and her being an Alpha we was livid with Beatriz! Last I heard he had 16 children and I think 7 died, some in the blast including your mother, but Kiske was the only Alpha and he swore to Beatriz to keep her secret for the sake of her reputation but she had to do everything in her power to ensure that HE train his Alpha daughter... everyone knows that the Guerrero Alpha training is the BEST and he wanted HIS daughter to rule. The Guerrero family has been trying to achieve ruling class for centuries and Izzy gave it to them! So it's no surprise that he would want your rule to be successful mija. After I found out he was Kiske's father it felt weird to lust after him, but Isla was younger and very bold back then, a free spirited Kappa through and through! So she still desired him badly. Look, so what?! Big deal! So you all belong to the Guerrero family instead of the Reals, at least there you have more relatives and a potential strong ally to our family. If you acknowledge them publicly as their daughter they will definitely support your rule even more and might even take the title of Elder from your grandfather until he IS of an age to rightfully be one!" Ok she unloaded a lot. This is giving me a headache!

"Our grandmother seduced him?!" Nina asks trying to make sense.

"We have NINE Tios and Tias?!" This is insane!

"Oh PLEASE! She wasn't the only one! Orocobix has always lived well not just because of the vast Guerrero wealth, but also so many unmated women desired him and would seduce him not just with their bodies, MANY very wealthy ones would shower him with anything he desired as long as he would continue pleasuring them. Not that he was complaining of course, he is the third son after all and he loved being off island... Goddess only knows how many women he had OUTSIDE!" Ew! Seems like this grampa already has more than enough grandkids.

"Wait a damn minute! What is this '... fetish for Lunas...' bullshit?! The only Luna after Beatriz is Isla. What are you saying Tía?" Bayoán chimes in. Oh, that one slipped me. We all look at Tía.

"Whatever! Orocobix hasn't stepped foot inside The Fort since Kiskeya declined to be Alpha and was promptly mated to Ayato the moment she turned 18. Your father spent a small fortune for rituals for her to be OFFICIALLY his, since they were really into each other since very young. Your father was as distressed as us at Kiske's attachment to the dashing Alpha, but he was the first she told so he continued his pursuit of her, they would meet up at the Real family home since it was fully empty by then, their numbers had declined to almost nothing. Your Mami would always tell us about her little rumbles with my baby bro---" AHHHH! MOM AND DAD SEX!

"MY EARS!" I shout!

"Damn it Tía what does THAT have to do with ISLA?! Stop using fucking pivots! So Mami and Dad FUCKED! GOOD! If not WE wouldn't be here setting fireworks up YOUR damn ass! Stop the bullshit at get to it!" Izzy's DONE! She wants to know PERIOD. Tía doesn't look that well.

"FINE! Tía... I understand that you don't want to betray Isla, so I'll take the full responsibility with Mamá, the only reason I didn't invite her to this gathering is because I only wanted the CORE Mirabals here. But she's still family AND Luna, she's MY RESPONSIBILITY! I ORDER you to tell us right now!" We all slowly look back at Tía, she looks like she's about to be sick. And she sighs in defeat closing her eyes again.

"That was kinda my fault... I kept telling the girls how much fun and great sex was that they kinda became inpatient. I was already coming and going from the island and they would listen to my stories. While your Mami had Ayato and they had their fun and later were mated, is a more wholesome love story. However Isla was almost obsessed with Orocobix and wanted him to be her first, she wanted someone with experience and would drool every time she would see him naked. The training yard stands would always be full every time he trained to see him naked as much as possible. Anyway, since Isla knew Kiske wasn't Agüebaná's daughter she played a VERY BOLD move for a Kappa from downstairs. She went to Luna Beatriz with some tea laced with Emi Esu, when Beatriz started to hallucinate and spout anything, Isla asked her what aphrodisiac she had used on Agüebaná to make him believe the baby was his. In her state, Beatriz gave her the information. Once Isla had what she came for she coaxed Beatriz to take Forgetting potion. Very impressive for an almost 15 year old KAPPA! Well her mom WAS an Epsilon and did give her training. She then went to Yaya who was surprised by her request, but Isla told Yaya she knew EVERYTHING and she swore never to say anything as long as Yaya gave her the potion. For the sake of the packs harmony Yaya gave it to her. For her Quinceañera, Enrique held a grand celebration for his daughter who's beauty was becoming quite notorious in the pack, so everyone who was anybody was invited including Orocobix. By the end of the party she went to Orocobix and sprayed him with the substance! He was twice her age but couldn't fight the strong potion. She guided him to her room and had him many times that night." Wait...

"WHAAAAT?!" We ALL shouted and even Natalia stood up so fast that the heavy chair was knocked to the floor.

"Tía, your accusing Isla of basically RAPING him, it looks like they were ALL USING him! That's disgusting! Now I'm actually feeling bad for him! Shit he was a BOY when Beatriz got to him, and even as an adult he was DRUGGED by a girl! I'm now understanding why he wouldn't give a shit about the women he's fucked and all the children he had with them! I imagine he thinks women just want him for one reason. That's so sad..." Izzy sits down next to Tali who's picking up her chair and sitting down taking Izzy's hand. Isla Is their milk mother after all, but I can feel that they're conflicted. They ADORE Isla, but what she did, even if she was the young one, doesn't take from the fact that she took his consent from him, no matter his age. It's taboo!

"Will you all keep your panties on! Whatever Isla or Orocobix did in the pass the problem has been corrected." Corrected? Huh?!

"What do you mean CORRECTED?" Bayo ask in a chilling voice, for us taking someone's consent, not just on matters of sex, but EVERYTHING is against the law! We consider it no different than slavery. And now I'm feeling bad for our grandpa too! Izzy has a point. If he has been manipulated in this way since he was so young he probably doesn't know anything else. Usually people complain that society sexualizes girls, but he was sexualized too, and from what Tía says apparently he still is! I have to see this guy! I asked for a picture of him on my opal ring... And yeah, he's kinda old but he is VERY handsome, I can barely see wrinkles and he looks like he never stops training. Nina leans over to get a look.

"DAMN! Our Abuelo's a hottie! It's kinda like looking at Old Man Maco! But still... HOW was something like this allowed? Izz is right! We ALL know that this is highly taboo and ILLEGAL!" Nina looks over at Izzy and Tali a bit distressed for them.

"Oh please mija! From the information I have you ALSO chose your Quinceañera to get rid of your V-Card and no one said shit! We are WAREWOLVES, we are not humans, our physiology works very differently!" It's true, in our species, just like with the fae, our libido goes haywire for BOTH males and females during puberty. In humans that sexual spike hits their females the closer they get to their menopause age. That's why human female reach their sexual peak at around their 40s, it's like their bodies are giving a last push for procreation. In warewolves, we have Heats, we don't menstruate, so our age doesn't determine our fertility. For a male to be able to impregnate a female not in Heat, the male must have given so much pleasure to the female that her body voluntarily releases an egg. With Casicaná, Abuelo Imotonex must have REALLY given good to Abuela Adelola.

"Fuck off Tía! I have NEVER DRUGGED anyone and I didn't hook up with someone twice my age!" I look over at Maco who's giving Tía a cold glare.

"Tía this has nothing to do with Nina, so lay off! What did you mean by 'It was corrected?' Umbros, I want to hear the TRUTH cousin." Umbros smirks at him.

"We ALL will Patriarch!" And he glares at his mother, I have a feeling that he's talking about HIS own father. If I would've known this was going to be more than Maco taking on as head of the family I would have dressed more comfortable!
###chapter 160: What's in a Name?



Ayiti's POV

"I guess you all have been rather preoccupied since Izzy's birthday stunt so I understand that you load of 'professionals' don't SEE, especially YOU! No matter what Blessing the Betas got, YOUR nose is STILL the strongest. So tell me nephew, are you telling me you haven't noticed any new scent in The Fort?" I ask Urayoán.

"Tía your pivoting again, cut the shit! Frey, Nyma and I have been staying over HERE since that day helping out Amelia get ready for today. Get to the damn point!" I'll let the boy flex a bit, a good agent knows when she's cornered and negotiate and right now I'm their TARGET. FUCKING BRATS!

"Well Urayoán, since you insist! Your dear sister invited Orocobix to try to feel him out as a Mentor since he trained your mother so well and she trained you all, I imagine Izzy expected for him to just reinforce what your mother and Braka already taught her and help her maneuver the more political side of being an Alpha. I'm even guessing she found out officially that very morning that he was her true grandfather. Either way her invitation brought him closer to Isla whom he hasn't seen in years. Right after he met with you mija, he went down to The Combs to visit Beatriz... When he was leaving, Isla was on her way to go to The Shrines. The moment they caught each other's sent they haven't left Isla's rooms except for her going to wish you happy birthday and we were all caught off guard by Ayato's writing and later events." It's probably the last thing my baby brother wrote.

"She always remembered how he made her feel, I have read many reports of males and females who have found a True Mate and sometimes past love can linger. I'm not justifying what she did back then, what I am saying is that apparently the Goddesses has let it go and has granted her first love and him finally has his True Mate. So will all of you RELAX! For fucks sake this is a VERY GOOD thing for our family! Isla won't care about Kiskeya's ancestry being corrected. She's already accepted the end of the Real bloodline." And she has always valued her happiness over her pride... She's so weird like that.

"WHAAAAAT?!" Everyone shouts at the same time. seriously, these kids are too sensitive!

"I saw Isla after we blew up The Council buildings! I didn't catch anything particular." Izzy is as always trying to piece together the puzzle. Atta girl!

"In the condition we were all in I don't doubt you didn't, your mind's focus would still be heavily clouded by that explosion of adrenaline. It's simple biology. Have you seen her after that? Either way, what does it matter?! Isla was desperate for comfort and he must have serious trust issues with women, he's only 15 years older than her, leave them to find happiness! They are both in their prime!" Everyone is thinking now and Izzy smoothes the frown on her forehead, her fingers stitched together. Isla couldn't stop thinking of Orocobix and she was able to bed him one more time a few months before her 18th birthday, only this time she didn't drug him. When she was mated to Gúarionex, he went off island for almost a decade and never stayed behind much. In the blast, Orocobix was was somewhere in Tuscany, aperantly looking for something that used to belong to his family before his ancestor went to Cádiz to wait for a ship headed for Cuba and their family name was still Guerriero. I still have my own personal sources!

"Nina, I know how you feel, but there are still some other stuff we have to deal with... Ok? We will pass the page on this for know since mitigating factors are at play and I am going to give both of them the benefit of the doubt. Isla will NEVER loose my love and respect, we ALL fuck up at one time or another. And whatever else he IS our Abuelo and the victim, I think HIS opinion on the subject is the one that should matter. We have never met any of our Abuelos and Abuela died when I was in Avalon. Shit, I left for Avalon and BOTH my Abuela AND Babka died and nobody even told me! It was at the fucking dock when leaving Avalon that I was told! Now I have the opportunity to have another chance at having a grandparent and so far he seems like he wants to help. I personally am going to to take that chance, you all have free will to choose how to proceed." I remember when Mama died, she had gotten in a big row with Ayato about Izzy going to Avalon. She missed Daddy so much, but she didn't want to leave us and Babushka... I never thought I would miss those two so much, especially Babushka. I swear she was made out of steel!

"Sigh... Bayo, tell Víctor to go with respect to The Luna's Chambers and arrange a meeting with those two for tomorrow. No linking. I want them both to understand that I want a visual assessment of how they're getting along, ok? If this is either Selene's or Gaia's will I can't and won't object. I just want to make sure that they're BOTH happy with this." Izzy pours herself a shot of the vodka as Amelia goes to the kitchen for more glasses and passes them around. Once we start going for harder booze we know that it's getting too stressful. I signal to Nina to pass me a joint, she gives a small pout but hands it over.

"Gracias Mi Amor! NOSTROVIA!" Maco tells his mate, and we all take the shoot except for her. "To Luna Isla and the wolf we know now is our real Abuelo! I guess right?!"

"Fuck it, hit me again Izzy, I feel emotionally drained, too!" Bayoán asks and Izzy pours herself another before passing the bottle over to Bayo." I might as well take another one!

"Ok, since this will be continued when we have the additional parties, let's move forward to the next order of business. Since Tía is opening up and is being so cooperative and trying her very best to help restore harmony in our family I think she's ready to finally disclose who the father of her children is. Isn't that right Tía?" Maco asks... Wait WHAT?!

"That's a priv---" 

"ENOUGH! Tía we are ALL DONE with that horse shit! Maco, Amelia and I ALREADY know who he is! How COULD you keep that a secret especially when they have siblings living on this island NOW?!" HOW?! The only one who knows is dead and I nev--- and I see it again... Kiskeya's dairy! I can't believe she wrote it down! 

Tali: "WHO?!" 

Umbros: "SIBLINGS?"

Lola: "THA FUCK MOM?!" 

Son of a BITCH! I never found my mate, it happens. Even Yaya who is a Priestess of Avalon didn't find hers, and Franco will always be the best lover I ever had! He got me pregnant THREE times and his chosen mate was... Well... Boring. 

"Let's just say I spent some time in Sardinia. Now do the calculations YOURSELVES! I gave you LIFE! If I wouldn't have given in to my NEEDS none of you would be sitting here. I had needs, he had needs, he just gave me what I wanted, INCLUDING you three!" Goddesses's mercy, cry me a river!

"Sardinia huh? It seems she wants us to play a guessing game. Let me guess, he's dead?" Lola makes that face she makes that's so much like Izzy's. The one where she's pouting and her cheeks and dimples get very exaggerated and sharp glare that could cut stone and her right eyebrow raised. Shit!

"Yes." They all look at Umbros and he nods.

"Oh, I want to try too! Is it TWO siblings that we have? Fuck this! I CAUGHT a scent but couldn't believe it! Mami how COULD you hide it even NOW?! Cesar and Catalina don't have anymore family and Tony says they stick together and are doing ok, but are still grieving and we could have helped them sooner! Give me that!" She takes the joint I was smoking and leaves, going to the garden full of oranges and big yellow lemons, the ever blooming tree looking almost white from all the orange blossoms. Surrounding it is the thick, yet contained ever blooming blue violet lavender shrubs lining the low wall of stone benches under each archway that makes the inner garden be the main focal point of the house. Mama's main scent was lavender and Daddy was going to get a spell caster to place the same spell around The Gardens at The Fort, only to find out that Adelola had already done so, protecting every bloom and every fruit.

"Maco do THEY know?" Umbros just asks completely dismissing me! Ungrateful brat!

"No. We will go about it as YOU guys decide cousin, you all count with the family's support." Family's support, huh? But he threatens me with taking my name! 

"They're in Atabex City! Maco if they accept, can we invite them to live in the Small House? Would that be a problem with any of you?" Lola's voice is cracking. I just wanted them to have a good life and not worry about trivial things. They have wanted to know for years who their father was but he already had a chosen mate, to be honest I didn't care about Benedetta's feelings at all. I just wanted to enjoy Franco's expertise, he would never fail! I was the other woman, but I really didn't give a damn, no other man satisfied me like Franco. No other man was able to get me pregnant.

"If they agree, I don't see a problem with it, I was even going to tell you that Em and I talked and we were going to ask you to bring Ishaan's family there. But if Cesar and Catalina agree, they could possibly have two of the three free bedrooms in the Main House so Ishaan's family still can have the Little House. Except for Nía and you, none of the rest of our mates really have family and with what he achieved, I feel we owe him." The boy threatened to cast my bones to the wind, and here he is opening the doors inviting outsiders! I know he was just testing the waters, and I was definitely out of line. He didn't have to be so damn harsh though!

"I'm ok with it if Amelia is." Izzy says rubbing her face.

"There's still some stuff we have over there, if they agree I'll come pick it up." Bayoán doesn't seem to care either way.

"Lola, they're your siblings and your mate's family and this will always be your home. I can always make some adjustments to the Little House to add on more rooms and I can change the plans for the yard over there, it will be a plus for me, too! Tony and Cesar have been friends for a long time, I'm sure he'll be happy having them closer." Nina says calmly.

"I'm fine with it." Ura says simply.

"Guys there may be a BETTER solution. Remember what I said about what your parents wanted?" Ah yes, my dear little brother and his plans.

"Yeah, you were saying something about that. What's the plan?" Nía asks. 

"Have none of you stopped to think about HOW your going to explain the situation to THEM? Their father cheated on their mother with me, you might make them uncomfortable." Yeah, I'm not looking good here! How was I ever going to imagine that they would end up here?!

"No Tía, nobody has thought about it, just like YOU didn't think on the consequences of going after another woman's man! You have no moral high ground here! So if I were you I would be HUMBLE and shut the fuck up! Make THEM feel uncomfortable...? Are you SERIOUSLY KIDDING right now?! This has NOTHING to do with their comfort and everything to do about your own, and you forfeited THAT. Dad, Mami, Isla and you wanted to play tele novela with your stupid secrets? You wanted a little sitcom of your own? Well there you have it! As Queen of AWESOME I am granting you that! The absolute discomfort to know that you're basically a homewrecker! Now you're going to make PEACE with those you affected and make amends, that's not a REQUEST! And I don't want to hear any sassy bullshit from you, just the fact that they are blood to my cousins we will now and forever consider them family as well, just like with Alex. And if they accept us as their family, they will be welcomed in this house and even be granted a place in the family burial chamber. Lola, Tali, Umbros, our family will receive them with open arms! With the honor that all of you have brought to this family it's the least this family can do for you!" She was definitely born to rule. I can't really say shit, I have no right to. Loiza has taken our family name and put it even higher than great grandpa dreamed of. And naming Maco head of the family is a move neither I or her father would have made... Maybe Kiskeya would... Did she suggest it in her diary?

I lower my head and nod in defeat, it seems that this generation wants to take the family somewhere different.

"Thanks guys, I will link them tomorrow to chat, I'm so beat today, can we have Circle night? I could really relax and at the same time introduce Marcus. Kayden has been on his ass about it!" My Natalia has always been quick at bouncing back, Babushka would tell me stories about her own mother and made me love her through them... I also wanted my youngest daughter to have Natalia's strength. 

After Franco gave me the best orgasm of my life we lay there just talking, he told me that if ever he were to have another son he wanted to name him after his dead twin brother Umbros, Cesar was named after Benadetta's father. Franco's mother was a fair and blond French Gamma named Lucienne, she named Franco after their father and the other boy she named with the opposite meaning of her name with the variant of making it plural for some reason. As Lucienne is light, her son would be shadow. Since indeed I returned pregnant I honored my son's father with his request. 

When I returned to Sardinia and told Franco we had a child he asked me his name, he was so happy about it that he knocked me up again! When I returned I told him I named our first daughter Lola he seemed a bit disappointed but thought the name cute. When I explained to him that it was my great-grandfather's nick name for his mate, the powerful Lady Adelola, he shut up, I had already told him what her legacy means to our family. 

For our tribe a name is CAREFULLY chosen to add to the persona of the child, especially when you want to honor someone you love and admire.

Isla and I thought, Izzy would give traditional names to her pups, yet she didn't. She honored their father and gave them their names the moment Kayden gave them all a precious gift. Bayoán who's had so much time to think it over with Morgana is still stumped on how to name his son. Even Urayoán and Freya, they did simply spectacular with Nyma.

Domingo has always loved Urayoán, Izzy and Nía for the way they would always go down to the kitchens as if they were part of the crew! They may not cook for shit but they can chop vegetables like no one's business! So Domingo would put the Beta's kids to work! It would drive Gúarionex nuts! And Alberto has ALWAYS pampered our family... He and Isla are TOTALLY going to burn the shit out of me when they find out about THIS! And I can already see Gloria's face! Ugh! 

Izzy doesn't go down as much anymore, and a lot has to do in fact with Alberto and Domingo trying to make sure that people dissociate that very informal girl with the Queen she is now. Alberto tells me that they are always in tune to her feelings to see what she would crave and even before she would link the kitchen, it would already be ready to take to her room. It's the same with Ura only that he is not an Alpha and they can keep treating him like before. 

Anyway the boy and his mate made friends with that girl Fatima and she told them about her sister being the last female Gamma of their tribe before she fell in battle protecting the pack with her brother, the Beta, the story moved them so much, and made such an impact that they decided to name their daughter after that last female Warrior of Alhilal Almuqadas. Usually a naming is a very simple event, but our family does not do simple! So Fatima and her family were invited and were guests of honor. 

Alhilal Almuqadas OGs were very touched that their Alpha's brother, whom everyone and their mother know is her FAVORITE, has honored someone from their people, ensuring that the name not only not die but it would be REVIVED through Urayoán's now high ranking position of First Hunter, he's the second of our family to hold that title, the first being Gamaliel, Imotonex's seventh son who was a Gamma, too. It is no small thing what he did! 

He is bringing a new name into a place of honor in our tribe, he did it because he admired the Warrior's courage, and by Ura doing this simple act he was basically making a little treaty with ALL of them! He is ensuring their loyalty to his sister. He has hunted with and trained many of them and knows how powerful their Warriors can be, so of course he honored one of their own, the last female to be precise, by giving his daughter and first born, her name. Ayato would have been very impressed and proud by such a move. He's not just doing a treaty with a family as allies he's basically doing it with a little tribe within itself! Good move indeed boy!

We usually joke that Urayoán is the reincarnation of Imotonex, I mean seriously they look IDENTICAL and Urayoán can be a ruthless motherfucker, he was named after Daddy, who was no angel himself. When he and Izzy would strategize in the field, where to be fair, you HAVE to be cold blooded. My sources tell me that they would come up with plans that were indeed PERFECT, yet took no consideration for collateral damage, even though by striving for efficiency, the collateral damage would still be low if there even was any. They BOTH based their strategy and strength on their instinct and detailed study of the problem, it was in a way more of a calculative move like an Epsilon even though they were Gammas. Even Maco, another Gamma has taken a more Sigma technical way of thinking, this was another good reason to put Maco as head of the family.

"As you say Cacique, Patriarch, Matriarch... I will bite the bullet and make peace with Cesar and Catalina immediately!" Might as well or I might as well throw myself off the cliff and let Poseidon take my bones!
###chapter 161: Bones
Loiza's POV

"Thank you for your cooperation in this matter Tía, I know that in that hard head of yours there lies a reasonable person somewhere." I'm so DONE with all this fucking drama but we still have one more fish to fry and I wait for Maco.

"I hope that you have all noticed that we are settling every single dispute that has the potential of ripping our family. And hopefully each one will be settled today, which brings me to our final item for today. Umbros, Lola, what's wrong with you? Don't think we haven't noticed the tension between the both of you. Nina has sued for peace with Bayo, which we all know has existed since forever! You will settle whatever bone you have TODAY!" Maco has been really flexing today! The way he took down Tía with threatening to scatter her bones to the wind was a stroke of genius! In my mind as Phi I really don't care where my body ends up, but my mortal mind can't compute not joining my family's bones.

"Oh by the Goddess's mercy YES! I am so fucking sick as shit of these two fighting and then getting me involved! For shizzle!" Talia has been at her wits end with those two.

"Hey don't look at me, I WISH I knew why this stupid pendejo has it out for me, he didn't use to be this way!" Then directly at her brother... "I'm so glad that this is being brought up, WHAT exactly IS YOUR PROBLEM?!" Lola is furious! Her heart is pounding a mile a minute and her face is slightly red from anger.

"I don't know what you're talking about." Seriously Umbros?!

"Cut the bullshit Umbros! We ALL see it, and I know for a fact that Lola has no fucking clue! I'm sure that your Truth Seer gift let's you see that! Now spit it out and be DONE with it!" Ura has been pissed at Umbros for a while now about this. He loves Tali, especially as a Circle member, but he's always gotten along best with Lola. I have my own special Bonds with Tali, but I have only been in one mission with her and Umbros. It's usually Lola the one Ura and I pleaded for if we needed a third, she's going to flip when she see what I got her! 

Umbros and him are the same age and used to get along really well and Umbros is a fierce fighter and the best at wielding Baná, we wanted him in more missions, but his attitude with Lola would make us loose focus. Truth Seer or not, Lola was more useful and better tempered in an assignment making our job very easy!

"Cousin I'm having a fucking BLAST today dishing out Alpha commands! There's ALWAYS room for more. So spill it out or I'll order you to, I am DONE with your childish attitude! Now TALK!" This is so stupid!

"For FUCKS SAKE FINE! Fucking cunt took the man I loved and now he's dead because she couldn't commit and NOW she's happily mated!" Are you...?

"Are you seriously talking about Lorenzo PENDEJO?! I KNOW this bullshit can't be about LORENZO! No wonder he would say you were a PETTY ASSHOLE! Did HE KNOW?!" WHOA! I didn't expect it to be about this?! And now that I smell him...

"Fuck you PUTA! He was PERFECT and you couldn't make up your mind after so long?!" The fucking hypocrite!

"WHOA! WHOA! We've never even called Nina a slut, and she TOTALLY IS! No slut shamming here! And besides, Lola was ONLY with him! And she found her True Mate! So what?! Didn't we JUST talk about Isla?! And look at you fucking hypocrite! YOU DARE slut shame?! I KNOW of your constant visits to The District and it wasn't for any shows! I bet you've had more ass than Lola BY FAR making YOU THE FUCKING SLUT! And see?! No one gave a fuck! Where's YOUR MATE? Why aren't you Marked?!" Oh, tricky wolf I smell him on you! I feel Ura trying to pinpoint the scent!

"HEY I---What do you mean?" WHY is he SOOO much like Tía?

"He's from Blood Moon, a Gamma, probably one of Kayden's men since he REEKS of Marcus. Thanks Tali for the confirmation!" One of Kayden's Gammas? Urayoán's nose NEVER fails! Well maybe sometimes. I know Avis was taken by Sammy...

"Holy shit! Your mate is ADAM?! You've been mated for days! WHY AREN'T YOU MARKED?! Does he want to reject you?!" I'll KILL HIM!

"You guys are ok with this?" Huh? 

"Which part?" Nía asks him very confused.

We ALL look at him very confused.

"You guys don't care that he's a guy?" Are you fucking KIDDING me?! He has been a thorn in our shoe because of THIS?! It's not like he's seen his sister and cousin to do their fair share with other women and his mother's best friend prefers the company of gentlemen. This is STANDARD to us!

"We're ABSOLUTELY confused, where on Earth did you get the notion that THIS would actually bother us? We're Osupa dude! We ALWAYS accept the decision of the Goddess no matter what! Since we're talking about the Guerrero's didn't they have that baby boom after one of their ancestors found a second mate at the same time with his first mate and those two females also fell in love? They found out that they carry the Lycan mutation! Bayoán how many reported cases are there on the island of males with more than one mate because of this mutation? And that's without mentioning the cases of women that have more than one chosen mate. It's intimate life and nobody's business if it's consensual. And with the males with more than one mate, the Goddess recalibrates the relationship making the women fall in love with each other as well! But so far it's only been reported for those with the Lycan mutation! That mutation is very powerful and has been hunted down to almost Extinction, again Selene is the Goddess of BALANCE! What she's doing is BASIC biology! You know this! Why would you think WE'RE different?" I look at Maco with a confused look and he just shrugs and it's just as confused. 

Lycans are a RARE breed of warewolf that has three shift modes... Human and wolf like the rest of us, yet they have and in between shift which makes them look much like the werewolves of human horror stories and movies. And just like in the movies this breed cannot control this shift in the full Moon, they are conscience and they can battle but they have to be in THAT form. The mutation is usually mostly present in Deltas, and yet they in many occasions can be as strong as an Alpha. When we shift to full wolves humans just see a very big wolf! They want to hunt us too because it's a rare trophy, but when the horror stories started coming out of different countries, the humans went on a hunting spree, they had pretty good hunters with a lot of knowledge about us and that particular mutation. And the hunting became out of control when werewolf movies started coming out.

Their numbers are recovering now but very slowly, so as biology dictates a male is fertile 24/7 every single day, so the Goddess grants a harem as if they were walruses to increase the reproduction of the mutation. 

Many men might read this and think it is the most awesome thing ever! But when you are a male in this situation your SOLE purpose is to focus on procreation. The Goddess alternates the heat of the females to make sure that the male still can perform EVERY single duty as if he only had one mate and still keep his duties to the pack, you're not asked to go out in the field but you do have to train and be prepared to protect your mates. 

Usually combat is not required for the female in this particular case since they're pregnant most of the time! It's not as fun as people think! The instinct to gratify their mates become so strong that the male sometimes even passes out from exhaustion more frequently than people know! I even had some come to my Temple BEGGING for the Goddess to give them at the very least a year break! Don't get me wrong they still LOVE ALL of their mates equally, they usually just want to not have sex for that year, it used to be the most awkward yet hysterical request I had to plead with the Goddess! But she usually granted it and since the females love each other as well, they tend to gratify each other. I have never heard of one of these families have any discord over the male, so I just assumed that Selene knows what she's doing.

"21 reported cases and 5 of the males have 3 mates and two have FOUR! Umbros are you SERIOUS right now?!" Bayo is angry but mostly trying to understand where would Umbros would get the notion that he was doing anything wrong.

"I didn't know that! Thank you for that new information! Well I guess I'm not having my own bones thrown overboard with Mom's, am I right? Sorry Lola no hard feelings I REALLY love my mate and he's really hot! Don't worry Amelia I will claim him the moment I reach home! Thanks for the pep talk!" Amelia facepalms herself and Lola stands up LIVID with INTENT TO MURDER and leaps over Umbros and starts beating the shit out of him!

"Damn it! I knew some blood would be spilled today! Almost done and I still had hope that it would go well!" Maco says while going to pull her off of him.

"Izzy, another Alpha command here could actually be REALLY useful!" Bayoán says as he goes help Maco. I look at Tali's, Ura's and Nina's smile. Tía sits down from standing up from the shock and starts drinking her coffee. And Nía is standing and shouting Lola's name rooting for her.

"No... Not yet, I'll allow this for a little longer... You were staying in the island when we were out there dealing with HIS BULLSHIT! You only had to deal with his moodiness when he was in Island! And don't give me the Nina excuse because we still had to deal with her own shit when we were here AND the field! So we basically had to deal with her shit DOUBLE time! And then to top it off the man can't fly and drive to safe his or OUR damn lives! Tali has had to deal with THIS for a long time and Lola has been the target of something she didn't even know! Don't worry he'll heal! GIT HIM LOLA!" Maco and Bayo are still sweating it and I pour another shot of vodka and raise it to them when they look for me for help.

"You want my help? The Beta take the Gamma and the Gamma take the Epsilon! Seriously guys do I have to think of everything for you?! What if I didn't have an Alpha command? You're both supposed to be the top minds and physically strongest of our family! Sorry my mistake, it's just since Tía is so old I don't even take her Beta rank into consideration. Talia since you have been with them the longest you will determine when the ass kicking to your brother ends, savvy?" I take the shot! Oh yeah, that hit the spot!

"HEY?!" Tía complains... I don't want to deal with her now. Keep drinking your coffee!

"Savvy as fuck Izzy, I vow to be fair. PSYCH!" Was he seriously thinking of DARING to reject his mate over this? I already had information that he would go to The Red Light District and enjoy his company with some gentleman, I never really paid much attention to it until now! It's not even something that is frowned upon here. Has he been spending too much time off Island that he's taking human traits?

"Umbros, while Lola is kicking your ass I have some questions, is it because you're spending so much time off Island that you're acting and thinking more like a human? This is not typical of Osupa behavior. That may be fine among elves who are so fucking prejudiced and maybe other packs, was it influenced by other packs? And you are not seriously considering rejecting your mate right?!" I'm crunching down next to him with a thoughtful face trying to pinpoint the source of the problem, while Lola just punches him in the face again and again! Shit! Got some blood on me, thank the Goddesses I chose to a black T-shirt!

"I den't noow Isss, git'er uff, wee telk!" Yeah I understand... I look at Talia and she nods.

"Ok, Lola, enough!" I don't have to command her and yet she completely stops. She KNOWS that I allowed her to vent her anger but to go further could REALLY injure him, although he has really injured HER. She roars at him her eyes full of tears, takes another shot of vodka and sticks her hand out to Nina obviously asking for a joint and walks out of the house! Shit!

"Get up ESTÚPIDO! Is that what you have been thinking of US all these years? Lola and Enzo we're together for YEARS? What? Were YOU in love with him? You didn't seem that heartbroken from the reports I get of all the times you go to The District! Was it your heart or your cock that was aching then? This is a BULLSHIT excuse! If this is true then you are still a child in your brain! And then to even do it with Enzo which she feels absolutely devastated even though she has found her mate. She wanted to REPAIR her relationship with him to be friends like I am more or less now with Victor! If Lorenzo knew it's because YOU told him! You stupid selfish pendejo! She was your SISTER'S boyfriend! You complain about Tía, but it seems that the apple definitely doesn't fall far from the puta tree! Were you planning on being a homewrecker too cousin? To your own sister no less! What's the matter with you?! How could you also put HIM in that situation? You can't tell me you didn't know that he loved Lola, we ALL KNEW! Go after your sister NOW and FIX this or don't come back at all! I swear cousin, I love you, but I'm willing to command Maco of banishing you over this! Where did you get this inferiority complex? And while you're making peace with your sister and BEGGING for her forgiveness find your mate and ours and bring him so that we can welcome our new family member! By the Goddess's Mercy you guys are going to KILL ME!" I take the last of the joint Tali took from Tía. This is ridiculous! This is how Adelola must have felt when she met that pack in Martinique with those human ideals, it feels quite disgusting! Why do humans LIMIT their OWN free will? Even those that are not slaves! I don't think I'll ever understand them!

Umbros is in REALLY bad shape! In close combat and without his weapon he is no match against Lola. If I wouldn't have stopped her she would have beaten him into pudding! Still I manipulate the water in his body to quicken the healing process, hopefully be able to speak in full sentences now.

"As you say Cacique! Izzy I'm a---" Ugh! I growl and back slap him! Ew... I got some skin on my niece jeans!

"UMBROS SERIOUSLY! Patch this up! I'm sure you WILL mate and Mark him ASAP, if I so much as get a whiff of rejection your FUCKED! Adam is VERY serious in learning our ways, you should feel lucky, and he's a very good driver! Maybe his determination will help you find yours! You've always done a half-ass job at almost everything! This is the Goddesses telling you to perk up and do your shit! Did you think we would question the will of the Goddesses?! When in our history has this happened?! I understand that childish mentality coming from outside packs but not from an Osupa. When Lola forgives you so will WE, so make sure that you do an impeccable job of fixing this! COMPRENDES?!" He stumbles up with Maco and Bayo's help. He composes himself and stands tall, with his head down in shame and submission!

"Crystal Cacique! I'm sorry! I'm---" I don't even want to deal with either him right now!

"Go... NOW." I dismiss him just above a whisper, feeling my aura growing and I know he sees Aryn. He stumbles a bit again and goes after Lola.

'It feels like it's going well!' He wants to be funny huh?

'Papi don't start, and yup, blood was spilled! Did you know about Adam and Umbros?' I feel his confusion.

'What about them?' No matter, Adam is now part of our family.

'Nothing, I'll tell you over here and don't peek in my brain I'm pissed enough as it is!' I feel Deacon laughing.

'I surrender my Queen, I'll just take my sweet time to get there to give you time to cool down! See you in a bit, remember that I love you more than my life!' Dumbass! Either way just him checking in calmed me down.

"All right Nina let's see the designs you have for the backyard, and what we can do downstairs, ok?" I need something to better my mood.
###chapter 162: Bloody Forgiveness
Umbros's POV

Shit, shit, shit! Where the fuck did she go? I follow her scent back to The Fort. She has her link blocked from me, damn it! Since meeting Adam I didn't really think of any problems except for them knowing, but they're right! Why was I freaking out about it when I see it all the time here and no one says gives a damn! Maybe I AM spending too much time off Island. I go to her apartment, I KNOW she's in there. I start knocking, but nothing. Great, the ever so effective Silent Treatment!

"C'mon Lola I know you're in there, let's talk about this!" Man, I've been so angry at her for years. When Enzo found out he just started ignoring me all together before warning me to leave him and Lola alone. I felt disgust from him, but now that I read it a little bit better he wasn't disgusted at me per se, he was disgusted at the fact that I would try to make a move on my sister's man! I thought that Lola had told him to do it. Shit! I didn't need her pounding my face to know she didn't know ANYTHING! Ugh! I could CLEARLY SEE that she was truthful! Nina and Bayo have been going at it for over a decade! I can fix THIS!

"LOLA! C'MON I'M SORRY! I'LL STAY HERE YELLING AT THE DOOR UNTIL YOU OPEN!" Brilliant! I'll just threaten her! I totally got this!

"LOLAAAA---" She opens the door and she punches me SOLID right to my mouth! Damn it! My tooth! Not again!

"SON OF A BITCH!" Ugh! I'm holding my tooth to take to Daniella.

"YEAH, YOU ARE! You and Mami are FUCKED UP in the HEAD!" And she slammed the door in my face!

'Tali? Dear little sister? I need your help...' She could help me negotiate this!

'FUCK OFF DICKWAD!' Well she's no help at all.

I go downstairs to Daniella and she puts my tooth back regenerating the nerve endings with water, she's shaking her head all the while.

"If you keep fighting with her you're going to loose one of your teeth somewhere there isn't a Daniella to put it back! As your primary physician I strongly recommend you two stop!" I'm trying but she doesn't want to listen!

I see Adam at the door of Daniella's little clinic... I had told him not to leave the room. We decided not to Mark each other yet until we talked with our families but it just so happens that our Alpha is a Priestess of the Goddess who would totally BANISH us! She WOULD be following the law anyway, the risk to the rest of the pack from such an act could weaken us! They give you Forgetting potion and they send you on your way no matter what your family says! It is a HIGH CRIME to reject a mate here.

"I know you told me to stay put but..." I have been an asshole to him too! I made him hide and doubt. I stand up and kiss my mate!

"I'm sorry Adam, please forgive me baby!" He kisses me back.

"Will you two get a DAMN room! We're still on working hours! And if the next tooth YOU bring is from a fight with one of your sisters or your cousins you better find yourself another doctor who put it back! Now GIT!" Yeesh!

"You fought with your sister? Damn she got you good baby!" And he didn't see how it was before, if it wasn't for Izz using her water to help me heal I would still be looking pretty bad. Damn it! Ever since she was born she's always had the upper hand!

"Yeah you should see how I left HER!" This is humiliating!

"Is she all right?" Is she alright?!

"She doesn't have a SCRATCH on her! Come on I need to solve something!" We go upstairs to our rooms.

"Solve something?" Yup!

"Yeah..." And I proceed to kiss him and take my clothes off and he rushes to follow suit.

"Adam, I want to Mark you... Baby I want you... You're MINE!" I was holding back for the sake of not loosing control and Mark him. He's already panting but I hear a soft 'yes' from his lips.

We made love and MARKED each other. And. Oh. My. Goddess!

"It feels AMAZING! I can feel EVERYTHING in my body strengthen, my blood feels like it's pumping fire in---" I feel like I'm in a trance. But his adorable self cuts me off.

"Baby, how long do plan to hide from your sister? Dude you fucked up big time!" Ugh! I cuddle towards his smooth, hard chest. At least I Marked my mate! Shit, I didn't say anything about him and his family. He has his brother, sister in law and his two nephews... I have two more nephews from him! If I wouldn't have been a cowardly moron I could have vouched for him and his.

His family is staying over at 'Ammonite Tower'. It has an oval-shaped, glass façade similar to the coiled shell of an ammonite fossil. It has a glass exterior that will allow maximum exposure and transparency of the building's inner-workings and grants a lot of natural light. If you don't want your apartment to be exposed, all you have to do is press a button and the glass turns dark from the outside looking in. It has steel railings will provide 'armor' to shield the structure from The Caribbean climate. It has a mechanism that in an emergency the glass turns into an impenetrable alloy.

I can pull some strings so that the boys can study here and get the BEST education and training! Who am I kidding?! The only string I'm going to pull is my hamstring when Izzy separates my leg from the rest of my body if I don't fix this!

"I KNOW! I have no idea how to fix this, she won't even listen to me!" I'm feeling like shit after the most important moment with my man! Damn it! Nina got hers good and was forgiven, and she screwed EVERYONE! I still don't know about Mom, I'm FURIOUS with her! I have more nephews AND another sister and a BROTHER! And now that I recall, Cesar did mention that Catalina's eyes and mine are the same dark indigo blue, his are more sapphire, very similar to Lola's. Damn! Fine Daddy-O you had blue eyes! We ALL have them!

"C'mon babe, let's take a quick shower and go talk to her, before heading back to the house, ok?" He's really sweet but I've never seen Lola this pissed at me! He pulls me out of bed and helps me shower and rubs my shoulders trying to take my tension away. This feels so good, he puts his arms around me and kisses me.

"C'mon hot stuff, I'll do the talking, ok? You just stay quiet for now." I just nod, I FEEL the determination Izzy said he has and I'm feeling bolder.

"Ok." We get dressed and Adam knocks at her door.

"Lola, It's Adam! Your dumbass brother's mate! Can we talk?" YO!

"Hey! Seriously! We just MARKED and already you're betraying me?" What a traitor!

"You see?! That's where I DO have the upper hand! Since I HAVE been with women I know what they like to hear. And they LOVE, hearing us say how much inferior they think we are compared to them! Watch and learn Love!" Learn?!

"I already know you two are conspiring! You can come in, the dumbass stays outside! I don't want to see him EVER in my life!" Well I'll be damned! Motherfucker got in!

"Wait here, I'LL talk to her!" He doesn't know Lola, she'll chew him up alive! I become a little anxious for him and start nibbling on my thumb nail. Lola opens the door for him and shuts it back in my face! Sure, no problem...

I waited, and I waited, and then I waited some more until I sat on the floor next to her door feeling like the red Garnet we put outside our door at Yule to ensure that the island always have warmth and never cold. I waited for over an hour! Until the door opened... Adam walks out.

"She's willing to listen to you now!" Is he serious. I kiss him and go inside cautiously.

"Your lucky brother, you have a mate that's willing to stick his neck out for your sorry ass self. I'm willing to forgive the shit you put me through, but I'll NEVER forgive you for trying to betray me! Enzo knew didn't he?" Her voice is scary calm... Sigh, I just nod. And she nods slowly herself.

"No wonder he was so distrustful of you, I even noticed that he wouldn't even look your way after a time... Why? I LOVED Enzo Umbros! I choose not to move in with him and he got pissed and ended it! I wanted to still be with him, but I accepted his choice, I was heartbroken and you were there to jam the knife in further! I wonder... did you start to have what YOU consider 'feelings' towards him before or after I hooked up with him? I remember that you were fine with us at first." I don't know if this is a trick question, as a Truth Seer the questions I ask are very specific to make the process of an interrogation more efficient.

"It's a simple question idiot... before or after?" I look back in my memory...

"After." It was ME! She didn't take anything from me. What is wrong with me? She's silent and looking at Karayita in the distance.

"Lola, I'm sorry. I can't take back what I did. Please give me a chance to make it up to you? I'm SO SORRY... I'm sorry he's gone." She just keeps looking out.

"How could you, and how DARE you basically demand me forgive you? Even Nina was more shameful and IS ATONING to EARN that forgiveness. You treat me like an enemy and expect me to forgive and forget the next minute! Do I look like a dumb cunt who can be manipulated and gaslighted?! Fuck you Umbros!" I wouldn't have forgiven me so easily either, in my head she was the one at fault and I punished her... my little sister, every chance I got. It was words and jabs, and in a few occasions it would get physical, hence Daniella's warning. But words can hurt just as much as bloody knuckles. And the more she talks the less I want to listen because everything that's coming out of her mouth is true and I have the curse to be able to see it.

"You're right, if the roles were inverted I wouldn't have forgiven you. I gave you a hard time because I thought something else and never even bothered to ask you about it. But that's because I'M an asshole. Lola you're not an asshole and how about if I instead of asking for forgiveness I asked for a chance for atonement myself?" She still hasn't looked at me.

"UGH! YOU ARE AN ASSHOLE!" Hey at least she looked at m--- DAMN IT SHE PUNCHED ME IN THE NOSE! At least no tooth was gone! She opens the door and Adam's there waiting, he has a concerned face... Damn it! My nose must be bloody.

"Before you even THINK of growling at me for breaking that turd's nose, remember dear spy wannabe bro, the FIRST rule for being a Master Spy is full self control or you'll blow your cover. ENTENDIDO?!" What did he say to her?

"I-- I don't know what that 'entrendrito' means?" His very serious, worried face and the gentle way he asked totally BUTCHERING the word was hysterical and Lola couldn't help but laugh at him! She wasn't making fun of him, it's just that the whole picture looked absolutely adorable! I couldn't help it and joined her making my already broken nose blow out a dash of blood! And then Adam and Lola couldn't help it and they laughed at THAT! Lola suddenly stopped laughing and also punched Adam in the face!

"HEY!" We both whined at the same time.

"I don't want to hear shit! YOU get that for making me talk to this IDIOT! Now BOTH of you go clean up and round everyone up so I can go get my mate from the hospital and get dinner! I intend to get high and hammered as fuck tonight! At least I know I have another brother I can trade this ASSHOLE for! See you two idiots later." And she left us there.

"I don't understand baby, did she forgive you or not?" He asks as I put my nose back in place and check that Adam is okay, yeah she broke his nose too.

"Not exactly, but she has drawn enough blood from me today to at least drop it, that's a good start! Wait till you meet the rest of the women of my family, I admit THIS is my fault, but them bitches are crazy! Do you know how to put your nose into place so it can heal appropriately?" I feel ashamed. If the roles would have been reversed I would have been a total jackass and not spoken to her ever again, but she's already softening up.

"Not really." He answers. I adjust it before he even has the time to think about it.

"AHHH! A warning next time?!" He gently touched his sexy Greek down turned nose with caution.

"Second lesson of being a spy master, learn to put your bones in place, you won't have an Omega doing it for you in the field. I heard you were a good driver, do you know how to fly planes and helicopters? And what did you tell my sister that she was willing to speak with me?" Sure it took him over an hour but if it would have been me alone Lola would have never opened the door!

"Well both your questions go hand in hand, the first answer is yes and no, I do know how to drive, but I've already been seeing through your thoughts and you want it for racing. I've never raced. We have REALLY nice cars in the pack house back in Virginia and maybe there's a way to get them over here, but we've never really RACED them. I was looking through the opal ring while you were out and I see what you guys do here, but law enforcement are NARCS where I come from, and to go into drag races with humans it's not something we really wanted to do. But I definitely can learn it REALLY fast, so if we go to The Drag? All I have to do is sit with somebody and once I catch their moves I will definitely be able to race like them or close to it! Your other question... when I got your sister's scent at the door I remembered it from London. She was left chair to the Alpha in the helicopter, and they seemed to really know what they were doing. I was super jelly! I started studying Osupa methods ASAP! So no, I don't know how to fly a helicopters or planes but the moment I get a chance to learn it's usually very easy for me. And as my mate if I know it, you can tap into it right? Isn't that how the Bond here works? I saw some of the fighting moves Kayden has been using lately, it looks a lot like what you guys do and he was far away from the Alpha. And now we find out how he did it and believe me I'm going to find ALL of your skills, and once I learn what apparently is not that easy for you, so will you!" That makes sense.

"So you talked about London with her?" We take off our shirts and clean our face and I know he's linking Kayden to tell him that we're going to the house. I think he's going to be confused...

"Yeah! I didn't talk about you or how slowly she wanted to kill you... well she DID say that if it were up to her you would die the same way that dude Mengele did? I thought they didn't find him? I'm not sure about that, anyway yeah we talked about the play-by-play of what happened, and she told me some mission stories she had been with the Alpha and Urayoán. After a while she was calm and I just asked her if she would at least listen to you and PRESTO! I got you in! And from what I hear you owe me big time, I know about the thing about you not being able to enter the family burial chamber if you keep messing up. She said they even threaten your Mom?" He asked in a concerned voice.

"Totally, but Mom REALLY deserved it so I'm totally okay with that decision! Besides, it's joking! But if you REALLY step out of line in a family and they disown you and your remains are cast off... Well, let's just say that just the THOUGHT of it is really scary to us! Just poke around in my brain later on and you'll find all that." We put some clean shirts and head out.

"So you don't mind me poking in there?" Nope.

"Nah! And you can bet your sweet ass and I'm going to be poking inside yours and later on not just your mind!" And what a sweet ass it is!

"That sounds promising I'll hold you to that!" He's so CUTE! We meet up with Freya by the main entrance looking at me PISSED! Of course she saw EVERYTHING!

"I guess you're mad at me too?" She rolls her eyes.

"What do you think genius?! Wait sorry, how could I ever call YOU a genius?! I swear! Some of you sometimes make me nervous for my daughter's genetic predisposition to stupidity! Either way, congratulations on your new family, maybe THEY will be so kind as to bury your sorry ass bones!" Bayo once said it would be like Ura times two! I can't get a break away from him!

"Don't worry about my bones sweetie! I'm sure they will be rattling after you're gone!" Ha!

"Yeah right! That's a lot of talk coming from someone who destroyed three cars just by switching on the nitro! Pfft, nice try Mr. Crash Master!" She IS Ura!

"Who's the Crash Master?" And Kayden, Marcus, Morgana, Nasser and Tony show up ready to go. And we walk out, it's only a 20 minute walk.

"You know, the one who crashes EVERYTHING he tries to drive, fly or navigate in the damn sea for that matter!" I bet my own sweet ass Ura's enjoying this.

"Ah! That would be crash test dummy here! Gotcha!" Yeah, Morgana was very fast to adapt to our family lingo... I guess living in Brooklyn you get natural attitude! I stay quiet, I just want this day to end.

"Adam, is there something you'd like to share?" Marcus asks... Oh boy.

"Nope! If you two haven't figured out why I'm walking with you guys the problem is not me! So what's for dinner baby?" Nice one!

"No! It's totally fine! We just wanted to make sure you know. Congratulations! Now we don't have to see your gloomy face every time Jason talks about being pussy whipped!" Huh?

"Don't worry, he WILL be whipped! Just not by a pussy! Come on people we have to be anatomically correct here! Now quit your yapping cuz I'm HUNGRY!" They think Morgana is hysterical.

'Hey I like the sound of what she said! When do we start THAT?!' My gorgeous mate asks.

'As soon as we're back home!' I'll whip him good!
###chapter 163: The Ultimatum
Adam's POV

WHOA! This is their HOUSE?! I haven't been to my brother's apartment, but he linked saying that it's bigger and more comfortable than our tiny house in Shining Moon Lane between the Pack House and Lamont Village back at Blood Moon. Aaron said the boys love that they each have their own bedroom with a clear view of The Caribbean since instead of a tiny window, it's a whole wall! I was TOTALLY on board with coming here after London... I saw with my own eyes what badasses they are and I wanted in! What can I say? I'm a sucker for spy movies! And these wolves LIVED that life! I can just imagine growing up here and having the choice to live such a fun life! And I think on my nephews... They WILL have that opportunity!

Just being mated to Loiza made Kayden a better Alpha! I saw that video where she challenged her own father and brother for the right to go out. At Blood Moon, that combat would have made her be considered a prodigy and would have garnished her a LIFETIME of glory and EVERY unmated male at her feet! And to top it all off, she's a High Priestess of Avalon! 

They train these little girls to essentially be mirrors of the Goddess and her power! When she arrived in Virginia and we found out that our Alpha would be mated to a Priestess and from the stories we were hearing that she was very powerful, we were very excited to have a Luna like that to stand by Kayden. Little did we know how powerful she truly was! There were many moments in Blood Moon where people were afraid of her, especially after what happened with Logan. In our pack and many packs around the world, rejecting a mate is not unusual! HERE it's EXTREMELY Taboo to the point that I still feel Umbros's terror through the Bond of having been potentially BANISHED for just hesitating on Marking me.

When Jason moved here he explained how different they lived and how they didn't worry about their borders, they have the tech to warn for danger, the volcano was something else entirely. He wasn't allowed to send pictures of everything, just selfies of HIS life, I was pissed that Kayden didn't send ME! And now that I'm here I definitely understand WHY The Osupa protect this place and are not willing to have it taken from them. I can't wait to explore more of it!

Kayden puts his arm over my shoulder... It looks like Umbros wasn't the only one who was worried about nothing. I hope it goes well with Aaron...

"Well Adam, since you're mated to one of them, are you understanding the Bond?" I JUST Marked him!

"Dude, I'm still trying to understand The Fort! And that house! And that other one! And those buildings in the distance! We are a long way from Lamont Village man!" He looks thoughtful and looks at Marcus.

"Dude wait till you see INSIDE! This house is insane, they really don't play with their architecture, have you been inside The Fort all these past few days?" Marcus asks and Umbros chimes in.

"Yup, and that's my fault, I was a dick and---" It's not ALL his fault, after he told me his own distress so that I could really think about it, I realized that I was fearful, too.

"Yeah his dick is fantastic! C'mon baby, give me a tour of this place!" He treated me with love and gave me a chance to really think it through. I will always appreciate that, besides holding the urge to Mark ourselves I have never felt so comfortable with another partner ever!

"SERIOUSLY?! I'M EATING HERE! It's not like I want to hear about my cousin's THANG! Umbros, congrats on finally Marking your mate! Did you have trouble finding his NECK asshole?!" Nasser goes to her and wraps his arms around her giving her a passionate kiss.

"I missed you." And he looks at Umbros shaking his head and hands her a little box. "Here beautiful, from Fatima and Roxy. New recipe! I'll just go ahead and leave you to keep enjoying thrashing him, you said there were alcapurrias?" AlcaWHAT?!

"Yeah they're in the oven, go and have some baby!" The pitch of her voice changed COMPLETELY to a soft and sweet tone. He kissed her forehead and went in.

"C'mon new cousin let's get some grub, Nina was so happy about making peace with Bayo that she cooked his favorite! Churrasco with chimichurri and arañitas! Hope your hungry! There's boat loads of food!" And the girl pulled me deeper inside the house... there's a freaking GARDEN INSIDE! The sun is soon to set and it gives it a bit of an enchanted forest vibe! It has what looks like a wide bridge above it.

"Nía, his name is Adam! Where the fuck are your manners?! And your also going to keep giving me shit?!" I vaguely remember her from Blood Moon, she's the Alpha's sister and here I am making dick jokes!

"Fuck you Umbros! Your the one in deep shit here! I didn't even FLINCH at Marking MY sweet Nasser ASAP! Adam I'm sorry for my cousin's stupidity, you see, he's very unskilled at many things, I'm sure that one of his accidents must have damaged his brain! I sure hope the next one will cut off his tongue! It will save our ears from listening to so much bullshit!" YOOOO! I guess I don't have to worry about dick jokes then. DAMN! That was BRUTAL! I look at Kayden who looks like his holding a laugh, and follows the others to greet everyone inside. Nobody seemed to bat an eye at that burn! "Don't even think about getting me into THIS battle Adam, they're veteran Warriors! I'm still new at their clap back war dude, for now I'm only getting involved if Izz is involved. Have fun! Nía, little sister I hope you go easy on him."

"No can do Kayden big bro, I can't make that promise." She says with a straight face while taking a bite off a crunchy yellow pattie? It smells like it has a lot of garlic, making me salivate!

"Fair enough! Carry on!" He answers while nodding, and he's OUT! SERIOUSLY?!

"Listen here you little shit, if you haven't noticed I've had a bad day! I'm trying to fix it okay?! Can you get off my ass?! Please forgive my little cousin Love, she has a serious chemical imbalance that makes her EXTRA ANNOYING, unfortunately there's no cure!" Oooooh I see! So this is THAT type of family! No wonder he feels so dejected, looking through his mind Suania is the YOUNGEST! Yeesh! That also explains Freya and Morgana's attitude... this is STANDARD for them, they're already used to it. 

"Whatever! I rather be annoying than to be a jerk like you!" And she swirls her mid back chestnut curls and goes to the back where some family members seem to be.

"Wow, tough crowd huh?" He leans in hugging me and scents his Mark to calm down.

"You have no idea. C'mon let's face the music." He sounds defeated... My poor mate! I hug him tight kissing his temple.

We go directly to the Alpha. 

Except for that first day in Blood Moon were she looked like she had walked through Hades, she's always looked regal, even when she was suited up in London! And then to see her in the throne room! None of us had seen anything like that in our world! The Council ###chapter in D.C. seems so BLAND compared to this. Here, she's in boot cut jeans torn a little at the bottom to widen it giving it a BoHo style look, simple black t-shirt and flip flops with her hair braided. I see why Umbros and everyone else was pretty casual, this is their home and safe place.

"Welcome to our family Adam! I am SO SORRY for how this exceptional TWAT welcomed you." She says calmly holding a glass of wine. I look at him, I really don't like him being picked on... And then I remember Logan and keep quiet! It took his family a while to dig out what was left of his pulverized remains!

I look at Kayden trying to find help, but he just has his arms around her shoulders, his head resting on one and the fucker is smirking at me!

K: 'Adam DON'T meddle! I already told you man, they have their way of doing things and WE have to adapt! The matter at hand has nothing to do with you... they ARE angry at him for hidding you. But it goes way deeper than that.' 

A: 'Gee thanks!'

K: 'Seriously Adam, stay chill! He has avoided banishment from the pack, they're still deciding what to be done with regards to his place in the FAMILY. For them it's EQUALLY important. As the pack is the heart that pumps energy into them, the family is the blood that pumps through that heart! Just as rejecting a mate is like spitting on the Goddess's face making it a High Crime because they're rejecting the Blessing given by her, weakening their pack, which is why the punishment is banishment... They're basically telling the Goddess that they're getting rid of someone who disrespected her, keeping her loyalty... At the same time, when someone creates a rift in the family, with the potential consequence of ending that family, they decide to strip you of the name your helping destroy. These laws are SACRED dude, if they didn't follow them they wouldn't be as powerful as they are. Breaking those laws would have the consequence of making them just like any other weak ass pack instead of extraordinary. Do you understand?'

A: 'Sigh... Will he be kicked out?'

K: 'That depends on his determination to succeed. He NEEDS you Adam... You have that quality in strides! I guess that's why Selene mated both of you. He has many talents, however he has the potential to be more. You have the drive and determination he lacks, with you two as mates you BOTH should be able to reach your maximum potential!'

"Umbros, where's Lola? I swear cousin, you have until midnight! I don't care if you have to fucking GROVEL at her feet, look deep inside that Truth Seer brain of yours and find the words she wants to hear or I'LL make YOU hear words you DON'T want to hear! Entendido pendejo?" Ah! I know what that word means now! She has her hand over Kayden's, their fingers intertwined at her shoulder. She's trying to stay calm. I know they're angry but from my conversation with her I have a feeling that Lola will forgive him... I hope!

"Hey Adam!" Natalia comes over and takes my hand ignoring Umbros completely.

"Lola and Ishaan are almost here Izzy, c'mon Adam, I'm going to give you the bullshit excuse of needing you elsewhere while Izzy and Maco make sure that this idiot fixes up his mess!" 

She pulls me to a huge room and I started to drool! Not even the Pack House had such a bitchin game room like this! Urayoán and Bayoán were by the checkered LED wall, one sitting on a gaming chair while Urayoán was reclining on a comfy looking couch, playing a video game... Antoine and Freya started playing pool, Nasser was at one of the pinball machines with a plate of weird looking brown patties in a little plate by him.

I REALLY hope Umbros fixes his mess with Lola, I can't wait to bring Benjamin and Jeremy here! They'll flip when they see THIS!

"Yo Adam, we're really sorry for Umbros's behavior, idiot knows better than that! Here man I SUCK at this game!" Bayoán hands me the controller and Urayoán waved at me still reclining calmly with a huge smile.

"I'm glad you recognize it brother! Good thing too! We wouldn't want that precious Beta brain of yours to go haywire after constantly loosing over and over!" I do a double take when I see Urayoán, damn he looks similar to Umbros except for their hair, that's totally different. Not as almost identical like Lola and the Alpha, but still very alike. And ok, so the smack applies even when they're NOT angry at each other? I take the controller and sit... at Urayoán's smile I smile back... This game is MY JAM! 

"Ura I'm really glad that you found SOMETHING that you can best me at! Goddess knows how moody you can get whatever I beat you at something. I don't know how useful a video game will help save your neck in real life but either way kudos baby brother!" I guess Kayden is right, this is normal for them and they've been doing it forever.

"Bayo if that helps you sleep at night, who am I to destroy your slumber? We do need you well rested Beta! Anyway, so Adam... Are you ready for your first humiliation as a member of this family?" He's silently chuckling. What a cocky bastard! Ha! I'm to beat him to a pulp! I still may not be able to do it in real life yet, but THIS? Yeah, I'm going to wipe that grin right off!

"Game on!"
###chapter 164: Lola's Gift
Kayden's POV

This is the first time I'm in this house but I know it like the back of my hand. I already feel Adelola's protection spells and since Phi is awake we both feel her presence, it's not malicious, on the contrary, it's very soothing and I already feel her embracing me as family, especially because of my genetic contribution of creating two Alphas to add to her legacy.

'Yo Kay, do you feel what I told you about this place?' Marcus was a little nervous the first time he came here just a couple of days ago but soon started to feel at ease. At first I thought it would only be Izzy who would be reluctant to let go of her mortal family, but as my memories keep coming I'm feeling the same way. I was really happy when Marcus ended up being mated to Natalia, I can't think of my life without him, I can't think of my life without the guys either...

'Yeah, that's Adelola's protection spells but I feel her presence. She did tell some of their ancestors that she purposely bound her soul to this house, so we have to accept that she's basically here! I feel at ease.' We're in the main living area with our mates, Maco, Amelia and Umbros waiting for Lola and Ishaan. Umbros is not looking well. I feel sympathy for the guy, but his fear was unfounded. I understand Adam's a little more because he was raised in a pack and country were he would probably have been shamed. 

I can feel Izzy's growing concern about citizens of Karaya bringing these HUMAN beliefs and prejudices into their territory. In the treaty The Osupa have with everyone who came, they included their laws and what is unacceptable. They already knew that wolves from other places had accepted a lot of human beliefs which have been to a point indoctrinated into them, and they're working little by little to teach them how that disrespectful behavior towards others brings disharmony to the pack. But to hear it coming from her cousin, an OG Osupa, has her pissed. It's like he erased everything he's been tought.

"Izzy, Maco, I'm really sorry! I spoke with Lola earlier, she's mad but---" Oh boy...

"Umbros we're ALL mad at you! Seriously man when did you start thinking like a human or one of those packs that don't know any better?! Dude, we already KNEW about your preference quite a while ago, nobody gave you shit for it because it's NOT OUR WAY. Think dummy! You yourself knew about Nina and Tali, did YOU ever think it was inappropriate? Did you ever think about shaming them for it?!" As head of the family, Maco feels the family's resentment. Poor guy, him and Amelia have been absorbing all the negativity of everything that happened today. 

Nina is off the hook because everyone feels through the filial Bond that she recognized her mistake and is REALLY sorry and is committed to make amends. However Ayiti and Umbros are in hot water. Ayiti's case is on standby until she fixes her relationship with her kids and those of Alpha Franco, but everyone knows that will be a longer process. And they are very disappointed on Umbros, the family feels like HE is the one who judged THEM unfairly. Yet what REALLY has them angry is his attitude towards Lola. From Izz's memory and what I feel through the filial Bond, Lola has always been one who doesn't make trouble for anyone and even with her problems with her brother, would always go on missions with him and Talia to ensure that they're safe. How Umbros went about it was cruel to her. Nina and Bayoán KNEW WHY they were angry at each other, Lola didn't have a clue of why her big brother would be so vicious towards her and now that she knows she feels betrayed by him. 

"No. I never cared about what they did... Well except for Nina, HER shit made everyon--" He's trying to pivot.

"Umbros, we already dealt with THAT problem! Yeah, she fucked up and if you want the same thrashing we gave her for it we will be happy to comply! Dad didn't address it correctly and it kept snowballing, but WE cousin, WE have to be BETTER than the past generation just like I hope that the generation of OUR kids is better than us!" Izzy is reclining on me for comfort and I kiss her temple trying to keep her emotions in check. SHE feels hurt by Umbros's attitude, and she feels how VERY hurt Lola is. 

"Umbros, we have faith that you'll try your best to fix this, but your not going to get very far by pivoting, shifting blame or throwing someone else under the bus!" Amelia chimes in with her soft and tender voice. Even though we had nothing to do with what happened to her, Marcus BEGGED for her forgiveness and after kissing my mate the second thing I did was ask for her forgiveness, too. I feel AWFUL about what happened to her, nobody should go through what she did. 

Nina was leaning on one of the archways that leads to where we are just listening. She didn't even get angry at him for trying to throw her under the bus. 

"Gee cuz, thanks for that! Umbros, don't you see where WE went wrong? If we would have kept it up we could have destroyed our family. I regret everything I did... I don't even remember the last time I hugged Dad... I've been trying to remember since I saw his writing on that stupid receipt! I'm thinking maybe when I was 6? I will never have the chance to talk it through with him... I wasted so much time and energy on my anger that I even started to feel it consuming me after a while but my pride was stronger. I was so... I was so stupi--" She's got tears drowning her. And the overwhelming feeling of her regret fills our hearts. Tony and Bayo came feeling her distress and before anyone could comfort her Tony let Bayo take her in his arms.

"Yo, yo, yo, yo! Stop, stop it! Shhh... That's enough sweetheart. C'mon, let's get a drink, Fatima and Roxy sent some edibles. I say we get some to help with our appetite, girl did you cook to feed the whole BLOCK?!" She let's out a tearful chuckle. He lets Tony hold her to calm her down and to lead her out, before he follows them he gives Umbros a cold glare.

"Don't you ever DARE do that again! At least she's taking FULL responsibility for what she did, and her and my issues are OUR problem to work out. I'M willing to forgive her and she's forgiving me, in her case it wasn't all her fault. She DID have a VALID reason for her anger, sure she took it to a WHOLE other level, but both Dad and I share blame and to a degree even Mom. You're a damn Truth Seer Umbros! I vaguely remember when Nina and I used to get along as kids... You on the other hand had a loving sister who even puts her life on the line to make sure that you were safe, even when she knew that you hated her!" And he went after Nina and Tony.

"I DON'T HATE her! Look I fucked up! I kno---" Just then Lola and Ishaan arrived. Umbros got up to go to her. The moment he touched her she shoved his hand off angrily and Ishaan gave him a warning growl. 

Izz has a valid point for adding him as Beta, but just the thought of her loosing control and he having to implant into the Beta Bond a kill order is really distressing me. Apparently he will recover from his trauma, he puts up a good front but in our filial Bond we all know he's not well and in that state and knowing why Umbros was being such an asshole to his mate, he's feeding from Lola's hurt and is now in full protection mode for her, and I ABSOLUTELY understand it... If I was in his shoes, I don't doubt I would act the same. 

Lola turns to Ishaan and takes his face in her hands and cooed him to calm down assuring him that she's ok.

"It's ok maay jaan. Shhh, we talked about this right? It's fine, let me handle this, ok?" She says softly. She really is a lot like Izzy. The first time I saw her in London I had to do a double take when we were in the helicopter because they were both flying it together. They're not just physically almost identical, their temperament is very similar, too. She looks like one of Phi's sisters with her indigo eyes, and for a moment I even thought she WAS one of them, as if she had done what grandmother and we did. But it's nothing like that. 

To be able to get a vessel with the same physical appearance we had in our past life, there has to be a specific genetic mixing to ensure those characteristics. The thing is because of their same genetic mixing, it just so happens that Lola and Izzy look like twins even though Lola is a bit older. I even imagine that if she would have been the one to inherit Adelola's eyes it would have probably been HER who served as Phi's mortal vessel. It is said that we all have a lost twin in the world, for Izzy and Lola their twin is not lost.

"Yes, mera jeevan, I'm sorry." He shuts his eyes tightly and lowers his head a little ashamed and trying to regain control. Being a Beta himself and mate to his mate's sister, Marcus goes to him and with Lola's permission and takes him to the yard to talk. Lola looks as they leave with a distant look and starts talking:

"Maco, as head of the family and Izzy, as Cacique... For the sake of the family's harmony and MY OWN emotional well being, I will forgive BOTH my idiot brother and selfish mother. I'm tired... I'm REALLY tired. I don't want to be angry anymore... Lorenzo is gone and I am at peace with the Trudeau family. I found my mate and he's my world right now and he needs me. Anger and childish bullshit tantrums are stupid and ineffective towards solving a problem, so instead of following the example of the previously mentioned idiots, I'd rather be at peace. I don't have time or desire for groveling and an endless array of pleads for forgiveness... It's DONE, it's now in the past and I won't look back after today. Umbros, I forbid you from trying to make amends for your ignorance and cruelty, from now on we are going to brother and sister as before with no hard feelings... That's going to be my bitter revenge. You'll live the rest of your life knowing of the pain you caused your little sister and NOT be able to make it up to me. I forbid you from anything that will give you the satisfaction of thinking that you corrected your mistake, the same goes for Mami. That's MY LEGACY to this family... MY PAIN and Umbros's REGRET and inability to correct his idiocy to receive redemption from me. It will live inside the filial Bond for future generations to be aware that family is IMPORTANT and not a game. It will serve as a warning to all of our children that STARTING a hateful vendetta against one of their own can bear a heavy price. We joke around and mess with each other, and that's fine in our family, we have FUN with it... But when it's a relationship like what Nina and Bayo had, or Umbros and myself, there's a steep price to be paid." She's calm despite the tears flowing down her cheeks. 

What she's doing is correcting by HERSELF the stupidity of her mother and brother and giving it power by declaring her intention, ensuring that the filial Bond becomes stronger. The pain of the betrayal from those she loves will live forever in the Mirabal bloodline and Bond so that those here and those yet to be born know that betraying family will ALSO be painful for them, so it's not worth the pain and better to talk it over and make peace as soon as possible. 

No wonder she and Ishaan were paired! They're willing to take the pain to make the family stronger. It's a brilliant move despite the sadness she will carry forever. From staring at emptiness, Lola turns to Izz. Already everyone in the house was in different places in the room and are understanding her sacrifice of never allowing that wound to heal. It will turn into an eternal emotional scab so that we and future generations never forget that pain and ensure that we ALWAYS resolve a conflict immediately so it doesn't affect our relationship as kin and destroy the family. I'll make a special Blessing for her... I'll make sure that she DOES heals fully and not affect the intent she wishes for the family. I already prepared one for Amelia, and for Izzy's peace of mind I'll Bless Ishaan as well. I may not have the willpower to kill her myself if that time were to come, they might even have to try to kill me, too... I hold her tighter not even wanting to think about it. 

"Izzy I don't want to go out on the field for some time, I want to be here to help my mate recover." Izzy's shaken up by her cousins pain, but this is Lola's verdict and as a family they have to accept it. Umbros's eyes are glistening over... His sister just saved his ass by showing him mercy and forgiveness, but he will always live with his regret as if she were dead and NEVER be able to get redemption. He wanted to throw Nina under the bus, but now he will KNOW her own pain of never having the opportunity to make amends with her father. Ayiti will live with that remorse as well but they will continue to be family.

Izzy doesn't want this, but accepts it... She is of water. She starts nodding with a face I have always hated seeing on her, pure sadness, her eyes also watering.

"I... I will inform Gloria about your sabbatical, you've earned it either way cousin." She said sofly, her voice breaking. Lola nods silently and then looks at Maco and Amelia.

"Patriarch, Matriarch... I would like to be HOME, Ishaan and I want to help with whatever needs to be done to ensure the future of our house." Adam sits next to Umbros wrapping his arms around him understanding what going on, as his mate he will share this burden for the sake of future harmony of the family with him. Ayiti's strong prideful exterior crumbled and she is being bombarded by waves of many regrets as her own tears can't stop.

"Lola sweetheart, you don't need our permission to come home in search of peace, this IS your home ALWAYS. Your room is ready for you and we welcome your help in what we want to achieve for our family." Amelia is definitely the serene Luna of this little pack, Izz's calculations on the healing that she would get because of the power surge for naming her Matriarch was spot on. She silently nods at that too. Ishaan had her in his arms, her head leaning back on his chest.

"Lola, this gift you have given the family will never be forgotten. And now more than ever I definitely know that you deserve this. A while back I handed Coa over to the Japanese Kappa steel artisans. They weren't able to repair her, yet because she was large enough and them changing to the anatomical structure of the Damascus steel, they were able to make two katanas and keep the aesthetic of the blade but it's no longer steel but an alloy stronger than it was before, they can cut through stone and even the Spanish steel rapiers downstairs." Freya comes up from behind her through the other archway entrance of the room. 

She hands Lola an exquisite sword with a beautiful tsuka bearing a gold menuki of a roaring wolf, wrapped with leather ito battle wrappings the color of Lola's eyes and under the wrap is a ray skin samegawa two lighter shades of the same blue. The kashira is engraved with details of Taíno coquí symbols and the fuchi is adorned with a design of an elongated white wolf arching it's back trying to reach it's own tail it has a copper seppa and a gold habaki engraved with an orange blossom. Their family crest right beneath on the blade. It's saya is made of Honoki wood coated with lacquer the same color as the ito with a design of white orange blossoms in their branches and a silk sageo in black. Lola can't take her eyes off of it and suddenly her eyes go to Izzy.

"It's beautiful! Izzy... I don't know what to say." It IS a damn beautiful blade! Definitely the Japanese Katana Kappas are truly gifted!

"Then don't say anything. You said enough already cousin. You have earned this and I don't want to hear anything else about it. It's yours, and it will be the last sword you ever have. Because it's no longer Damascus steel even though it looks like it, it falls under the protection of Adelola's spell, so even if it falls again in the Mediterranean, you will always have it back." Lola kept inspecting the details.

"Thank you." She answered sofly just above a whisper.

"Thank you, too Lola." My beautiful mate answers as she goes to her to embrace her cousin. 

"Hey where's the other one? I HAVE to see it!" Nía asks exited and Ura goes to Nía and hands her the other sword which is exactly the same as Lola's except that instead of blue, it's color is amber.

"Whoa! Who gets THIS one?!" Nía asks.

"Seriously Nía?! Who's the other Sword Master of our family?" Nina looks at her annoyed while facepalming herself.

"Oh right! Sorry Izzy, I guess you won't be borrowing anything from downstairs anytime soon! These are bitchin swords! Are you naming this one?" Nía is inspecting every bit of the sword with a huge grin on her face. Even though it's not hers, the fact that it's in the family has her excited!

"Yes! Her name is Omi." Of course! The Yoruba word for water...

"I guess it makes total sense! Everyone always confuses both of you for twins and now you both have twin blades! You two are going to be bad asses with these, I can already see all the gushing blood!" Izz started laughing breaking the tense mood that has been dominating this whole day.

"So much for thoroughly inspecting the craftsmanship Nía! It's a freshly forged blade and you already want to see it red! Girl sometimes you make me wonder..." HA! And she still doesn't know that our own weapons are waiting for us to pick up in Hades! Moira finally disclosed their location and as ALWAYS we tend to forget that we always leave them with Persephone for safekeeping! Izzy will be happy to see them after so long.

"Well I'm in a good mood now! Let's go eat! I didn't eat so much at lunch and I am starving!" Lola says completely ignoring the gloomy face of her brother and mother. They will live with their regret forever, but Lola's gift assured that their place in the family was secured. 
###chapter 165: Mapping the Future
Bayoán's POV

The moment Lola declared her intention, as sad as it was, we all started feeling little by little the painful reality of being in a heavy conflict with somebody that you really love. I should know better than anyone... Nina wasn't the only prideful one. I was full of pride and stubbornness, too. But the moment she sued for peace between us it's like it all washed away! I'm sure we're going to get an trist here and there because all siblings do either way, but at least it won't be that pain that Lola shared with everyone that will live forever in our Bond, ensuring that we don't repeat the same mistake and that future generations try to stop conflict immediately between each other. But that's really the only thing that will change in the family.

Before we went back to the Dinning Hall to eat, Lola went up to her brother and mother and hugged them and told them that she loved them and that that was the end of that. Even then she asked forgiveness for the decision she made, but she took the perfect opportunity to ensure the stability of the family. She has always been one of the most emotionally stable of all of us, besides Maco, and has always worked to keep that emotional stability within our dysfunctional family, that's why she made this hard choice. Umbros and Tía look a little sick, and that is to be expected, it's not like Lola injected poison into either of them or us... It's more like a shadow memory, a potential deja vu to remind anyone of the bad experience of how it feels. It is a very VALUABLE gift she has given! Her heart has always been beautiful.

Nina barely ever cooked Dad's or mine favorite foods, but she is trying so hard to fix her mess and I'm going to try to be her main supporter... I owe her that much. The last time we had a meal like this as a family it was weeks before the blast, and for this Nina has prepared an immense feast! She even picked a few avocados from the many fruit trees in the backyard and Nía chopped them up into slices so that everyone can take as many as they want.

"Hey Amelia, you were trying to say something about a better solution earlier? What do you propose?" Talia never misses anything, her eyes and ears are always alert.

"Thank the Goddess you reminded me! I was already forgetting about it myself!"

"That would be The Fog... stupid Fog!" Freya says the face full of disdain, Ura and Izzy started nodding solemnly. Morgana never got it, the Goddess has a special deal with Witches! But she's healing fast, witches heal faster than humans but not nearly as fast as us and we still have no idea how to name our son. Originally we wanted to honor Abuelo, but we already have an Urayoán and I refuse my kid like him! We'll figure it out

"Ok, yeah it's cool. I know." Duh! She's a doctor!

"Well It just so happens that we also found your Tío Ayato's diaries. While your mother wanted to invigorate this house, since she knew she had no claim over the Real estate, your Tío Ayato had his eyes on an hacienda in the Batey District in the mountains, that the Guerrero family has been trying to sell for a while. Maco and I saw pictures of it and it looks... Well... pretty BIG and is sustained by a mango farm, Ayato wanted to grow breadfruit as well. And in her diary Kiskeya mentioned that she didn't want to cause Orocobix any problems with his family knowing that he would vouch for them to have it, she didn't like that idea. Even though she doesn't specify what she means, both entries in each diary occurred the same day, making us believe that it was related to the same event. Apparently your father believed it was owed to you all. That the fact that they were lying to you was absolute disrespect! But he didn't want to betray your mother's secret. I thought that since we intend on confronting Orocobix anyway and since Ayato and Kiskeya aren't among us, we could move forward with an offer, do you guys think that would be pushing it?" I remember Dad telling me something about it once when I was very young, but then it was never talked about again.

"Wait?! Hacienda Florencia? Yeah that was their mango farm. They're much more invested on Hacienda Lobo Azul in the Ciboney District since they get more income from their coconut farm there." Nina points out.

"Coconut farm? Seriously?! There's a coconut farm here? I have never heard of such a thing! I gotta see that!" Adam tried his best to beat Ura at the video game... It was a good try though. The only who comes close to beating Ura is Maco, and he programmed some of those games!

"There are coconut farms all over the world! Especially in South Asia, but yeah we LOVE coconuts! We have a ton of dishes and drinks that contain it especially desserts! Nina knows how to make several types of coconut rice! Alberto thought her and he knows them ALL, right Mami?" Talia takes a soft jab at Tía to awaken her a bit ... She's is still in a daze, she's one of the strongest people I know, she'll get through this. We REALLY would never discard their bones, but Maco was sure that the threat would work. Just the THOUGHT of it terrifies me!

"Si mija, he knows them all." Sigh. Dad would be pissed at us if he saw her like that! I can just imagine him yelling: "CRÍA CUERVOS PARA QUE TE SAQUEN LOS OJOS!" (Raise crows so they can peck your eyes out!). He would say it ALL. THE. TIME. Ugh! I fucking hate crows too! Shit! They all know anyway that I'm afraid of birds!

"BIRDS! Nina! That's why I'm fucking afraid of birds! We saw that movie together! That's what started it!" Everyone looks extremely surprised because of my outburst and now I am absolutely regretting it! And she burst out laughing! Actually all of them started laughing...

"WHOA! WHAT?! Damn it! I spilled my wine! What on EARTH are you talking about you freak! Birds?! We all know you're afraid of birds?!" Do they seriously all know? Everyone and their mate is laughing. I look to my right and Morgana can't stop laughing. Ugh!

"Baby are you having a nervous breakdown right now? Please let me know if you do so I can leave you with Daniella before going back home. I hate it when you start freaking out! That was REALLY SUDDEN where did that come from?" My 'adorable' mate has been the full boss of me in her ENTIRE LONG pregnancy and now she has a stronger hold... Although, it was really sexy fucking her like that.

"I just remembered that Nina made me watch the birds when we were kids and that's why I'm afraid of birds!" Damn right!

"Um, Bayoán... YOU were the one who took that movie from Dad's room and it was you who put it on so that we could watch it. Babushka caught us and was so angry that we were watching a human movie and in English of all things! Nina and I were just older and faster so you're the one that got the bad beating from her!" Maco points out and they laugh harder. Seriously? I was the one who took it? If it was Babushka who caught me I must have not even been 4 years old! Awe man... They're going to OBLITERATE me! I swear sometimes I can't keep my own mouth shut!

"I remember her from your memories Chèri, she was angry that you were watching a scary movie?" If only!

"Ha! Nah! Human scary movies are ADORABLE! She was angry at the fact that we were watching a HUMAN-made movie and that it wasn't in Russian! Papi you don't understand! She would whack us every single time we would even DARE talk to her in Spanish or even mispronounce a single word in Russian. She wasn't right in the head don't you understand?! She was a 6 ft tall Gamma with an eye patch speaking Russian 24/7 who had been experimented on in a concentration camp! She was always smoking a blunt, absolutely ALWAYS! I learned my best curse words from that woman! She was scarier than any of those supposedly scary human movies!" For HELLA sure.

"What's a babushka?" ADAM, DUDE! I don't want to remember that memory!

"It's Russian for grandmother." Ura gives the straight answer, cool. Cool.

"Whoa, your grandmother was in a concentration camp?!" Awe man.

"Baby we really don't like talking about that part, I'll take you downstairs later, we'll find her diaries so that you can read them. It's about time you download Russian to your brain, one more step to be a spy!" Umbros is looking a bit better even though his voice is still weak.

"Wait a minute... you THINK I made you afraid of birds?!" Damn it!

"My bad Nina, I'm putting the pieces together, remember I was younger! I DO remember Babushka kicking my ass! I think maybe that's why I'm afraid of birds..." DAMN IT! I'm going to have to talk to Tatiana I can't be the pack Beta and be afraid of birds! Especially now that Izzy HAS a pet bird! Thanks a LOT Kayden! And that's one fucking creepy bird, I'm going to have to talk to Moira and ask her where the hell did she get that THING! She reminds me of when Babushka used to go to Changó's altar and would feed the chango birds that would flock to it. After Abuelo saved her, she became VERY devout to him.

She claimed that Adelola had shown herself to her and would have conversations in surprisingly, Adelola's favorite language to speak which was patois. Her father, Adetoke's parents were born in Xaymaca, now called Jamaica. Some of the other slaves remembered being from The Akan people, MOST couldn't even say where their ancestors were from anymore since the colonizers had changed so many names in they're native continent. By that time many slaves would be shown a map of Africa and couldn't pinpoint where they were from... They had never seen Africa, especially from above! This is not the first time in our history where we all wear a matching tattoo. Back then the pack was tattooed with a Fawodhodie,  it was an indicator to the Africans that a person marked with it could help. They knew this symbol of freedom and emancipation.
From the expression: 'ene obre na enam.' Literal translation: "Independence comes with its responsibilities." In many cases if they found one of us they would ask sanctuary for us to steal them. There was a big boom in our pack in that moment of African humans, many of them found their mates among us and the human gene is no match for the wolf one. Every single match will create a wolf.

Adelola's grandparents spoke to her and her siblings ONLY in patois meaning 'local or regional dialect' in FRENCH, basically like sticking it to the British! Adelola's grandmother, Abioye or Doña Alondra Bankole, had great influence over her and her sister. She was the one who educated Adelola in the ways of Changó and The Orishas. She would explain that all Creole languages were a reflection of the enslaved TENACITY. The slaves DARED adopt a language that was entirely foreign and constructed a hybridized language that could have better aided THEIR need to communicate with each other. Language is like a double-edged sword, it imprisoned and it was also a vehicle of rebellion for the enslaved. Tuning in closely to the various language patterns and varieties throughout the Caribbean ANYBODY could hear and feel AFRICA! Adelola could speak, Spanish, Taíno, Yoruba, Patois, French, Antillean Creole, English and Portuguese. She was the daughter of a princess after all!

The woman spoke 9 damn languages, yet the one she enjoyed speaking the most was the Patois of her parents and Taíno to Imotonex. And even Alexandra's steel bended to Adelola's will, she was no one to tell her how to speak in HER own house! She told her that if she did not speak patois she can pack up her bags and leave! Alexandra didn't dare challenge Adelola's spirit, she learned patois but it was only to Adelola who she spoke it to. It's a pretty strong flex for a ghost!

"Adam ask Umbros to take you! It's fun to let your wolf loose and the scent is heavily! Anyway, Hacienda Florencia is their original ancestral home Em. Because they were such a BIG family then, way more than now, their Patriarch decided to save even more to build that massive estate. I guess we really need to get better acquainted with their family history, I do remember the fact that they had TWO ships in which they plundered since they were such a large family and mostly were Alphas, they would raid the Indian Sea and the Pacific, right? That's why great great grandfather wanted to get that other ship right? Anyway, the problem is because of their attachment to that Hacienda they're asking for a RIDICULOUS price for it and it needs A LOT of work! Hmmm, it DOES has amazing pools that even go through the buildings and make indoor albercas... I would have to go again to take a look, the last time I saw it even the mango trees were not in the best of shape. Breadfruit? It's location definitely is ideal for both crops... Do you know if Dad made an offer?" This is definitely were Nina shines!

I can see her thinking about ALL it's possibilities and the costs involved, no matter how bad things got between us, I always accepted that she is EXTREMELY talented.

"If I'm not mistaken they used to grow yuca and malanga, too... always a good crop. Sigh, I would have to see it and itemize everything that needs to be repaired, replaced, renewed and I would have to go with Geraldo so that he can give me his own professional opinion with regards to the cost to revive the agricultural aspect of it, the whole point would be to have a property that can pay for itself. That's a massive project, and if they're not willing to negotiate the price of it, it's just going to keep running down making it not worth buying, that would be a pitty. Do you think our new Abuelo can actually help us get a deal? Tony tells me that Elder Juan is a though motherfucker... Damn, we even have a great grandfather who's alive! This is so BIZARRE, right?" She's got a point. I originally thought that was the main reason why Dad didn't go ahead with his plan to buy it, but it was Mom all the time.

We could buy it NO PROBLEM, even with the current price but if we have to put a load of money into it, it's really not worth it. Nina is not wrong by saying that to have a property of that size is not really worth it if it can't even pay for itself! And now I realized why Amelia was thinking about it when we were talking earlier, Ishaan's family is pretty big! I already spoke with Izzy and told her that there was no way that we could REALLY house them here COMFORTABLY. If we do have Hacienda Florencia, ALL of them can move in and we still would have to employ people! This is not just one building it is several on many acres of land, she can see it and is trying to avoid a money pit...

"Oh my Goddesses! Nina your TOTALLY right! We have a great grandfather! That IS BIZARRE... Yeah, I barely remember going there once BEFORE going to Avalon! In my mind it's a little EXTREME... Well I guess it would, we see things bigger than they are when we're kids. Bayo did he ever mention this? Nina can you please link me what you remember of it? Bayo, Víctor already spoke with Tatiana to start helping you with your bird problem... Get it together Beta, the bird stays!" Damn it, I'm letting this go because I can tell she's totally BAKED! The WHOLE Circle crew is baked! I learned a long time ago that it wasn't even worth dealing with them when their like this. I usually like smoking by myself or with Morgana after duty, they'll all just start laughing and you won't get anywhere.

"I'm sending you ALL the last that I remember, I haven't been there in years! That was my second semester of architecture." Usually the old homes as well as The Fort receive visitors when the school that wants their students to see the architecture or design or the history of the structure asks the family permission. That's why Maco asked for Mengele's cell to be left intact, it's one of Abuelo's legacies. When schools teach that not even WE are immune to human wars, they usually show them the cell where that piece of shit was, they read the diaries of the doctors who experimented on him as well as watch Alex's interview when he explained everything that was done to his parents and Babushka and shows his own inmate tattoo, he also decided never to remove it and his oldest son Ivan even had it tattooed himself: WF505633, I think the first number meant which camp they were in and the second two digits were for the age and the last three were for the family group or were they found them. I have to check that out again. They also visit all the places where we broke him to nothing.

"It does look pretty run down! Oh wow! The ocean! It can be seen from here I mean there, I mean from this altitude! Oh you know what I mean! The scent of mangoes is intense! You don't think this has potential Nina?" We look over at the stoned expert, usually Kappas are not that gifted with mathematics, but in Nina's case she is! That's what makes her one of the best architects in the island. And her use of the golden ratio is always incredibly impressive!
###chapter 166: The Cobra
Bayoán's POV


"Oh I never said it didn't have potential. It has EXCEPTIONAL potential! Especially since it is really close to the beginning of the cave system of the island, the source of the Amá' River starts there, so they're two watering holes with beautiful waterfalls in the property! It's location alone is worthwhile. From my recollection of the history of this hacienda it was highly profitable. It's just that since their family grew smaller they didn't have enough manpower to handle both estates, Elder Juan chose the one that made him more profit. Which I completely understand, but the other one is the only mango farm on the island it's not like we have infinite acres of land. So the property is indeed valuable it's just that we have to put the pros and cons. If the owner is not willing to negotiate on the price we're basically going to be LOSING money on this investment. Izz, I remember what I saw that day, and they still weren't able to sell it and it's been YEARS! Who knows how it looks now. That's why after we talk to our Abuelo, I want to ask permission to see it. I have to look at every single crevice, verify the cornerstones, see how much stucco is needed, which places I would rather leave as exposed brick, it gives it a really nice aesthetic and at the same time it saves money on material, Morgana can always cast the same protection spell to it avoiding any further erosion or damage of any kind..." She rubs her temples, her eyes focused trying to think of everything that would be necessary. And she's just as high as the rest!


"Like I said I have to go see it in person, however I do have ANOTHER suggestion. You guys can take it as an alternative plan and you give me your opinion. Until I don't see THIS property I can't really give an educated opinion. On the other hand I can give a full opinion with regards to what you guys were planning on developing Karayita. The island is big enough to make at least three small townships. I say we get land there NOW and make a beach house! I already have several designs! Yeah we live close to the beach but it's not Karayita Beach! Fortaleza Beach is ok... But it's just not the same! The news still hasn't gone out on that development we can buy at SUPER cheap and use the best materials! You guys remember the fun we had that week at a Uguaca Bay right?! And going to Karayita is always fun! We can swim to all the keys nearby or go in canoas and kayaks with the pups. We will get a TON of bang for our buck with THIS project!

"I STILL want to see the other one and if our great grandpa is willing to negotiate with us maybe because, his great granddaughter ended up being the FIRST Alpha of his family to actually rule, maybe he'll give us a damn break! I can take Tali with me, I'm pretty sure that those factors and Tali's negotiating skills he can probably lower us the price substantially. If WE are going to honor them by recognizing THEM as family, the LEAST they can do is appreciate the fact that we are the ones who brought ruling class status to their name! Isn't that what they always wanted?! Well we gave it to them! And Bayo, I already checked the law with regards to any move with buying property in Karayita before it is announced, I didn't see any illegalities, would there be a problem with that?" This is really the first time that I'm watching her in her element fully! Those are GREAT negotiation tactics! And now I remember that of course she negotiates with sellers all the time for materials!

"Not at all, it is a very common practice, that's how the Spogels, the Guerreros and other families were able to acquire so much land, inside information. Is the same way how Imotonex and Pablo we're able to get the best properties in the citadel. Since the other families didn't have to work in the capital they were able to pick and choose where in the island they would establish their own ancestral home. It just so happens that the property that Imotonex wanted was still more expensive because it had a better location." She's on to something here, she's thinking about having her cake and eating it too! If we buy land in Karayita, which already the vampires have stated that they would gladly like to guard, so already there will be commerce there especially since people depend on them so much to receive goods and items from the human world. We can make a KILLING, not exactly the kind we like best but the more boring type of getting an awesome beachfront property not too far away with frankly the BEST beaches in The Caribbean, and be able to use it to enjoy ourselves with our pups and now that we are renforcing our family bond, we can have a lot of family time. This will help strengthen even more the bond for the next generation of siblings and cousins.

At the same time she's still not discarding the other property because of its potential income value! I always saw her more as a brainless, exorbitant with a colored pencil. It turns out my big sister is a very shrewd business woman! But it makes sense, whatever else she is still the daughter of a Beta and an Alpha, and Nina has always had an eye for detail which makes her an exceptional artist, and has garnished the respect she has earned to this day in the tribe. I know that in spite of her anger with Dad she always paid attention to what he said and she was always very close with Mom.

"Next mission we're sending you to negotiate! I don't even know why you guys need me!" Talia is high as shit, too! Marcus is hanging on there I don't think it was a good idea to give him an edible to start, oh well, it's already done! It's just that the guy can't stop laughing, I mean come on man you're a Beta dude! Kayden is INCREDIBLY composed... I guess the fact that he has been fully mated to Izzy for close to a year must do that.

"Seriously Tali? You know I can't go into the danger zones! Tony's been teaching me a few things but I'm an absolute disgrace! The next time we do go to The Drag I DO want to try to race I think I got it down! OH! And by the way, MACO do you remember Eithan? You know from the Pinnock family? You know that they ALWAYS come and go from Jamaica, well he found a '71 Plymouth Hemi 'Cuda at a bargain price in Kingston! It's in really awful shape but that's why it's so cheap! I know you dummies love doing all that crap! Also Izzy do you still want the one like Abuelo's car? Boss 429 right? Or the Super Snake, I heard you mention that on your birthday? And Ura I got your '63 Berlieta Lusso! It's in Panamá! Also needs a lot of work." Maco, Ura and Izzy's faces light up like children in front of the Saturnalia tree! Now that I look better basically half the tables faces look like children waiting for candy at Halloween! And yes we decided to adopt THIS human tradition!

When our Spanish population increased, many still practiced Christianity and celebrated October 31st as the eve of 'El día de los Inocentes and All Saints Day' hence All Hollows Eve, they would wait till midnight in hopes of receiving the spirits of innocent children because the gates of heaven would open... I think, and the children can spend 24 hours on Earth... Look we didn't really have to go too much into THIS in training! So November 1st they would honor all their saints and put marzipan for children, I would have to cross reference that, and then November 2nd was the day that they celebrated ALL of the Dead! And that's the Day of the Dead. Okay I KNOW I got THAT right, because we STILL practice it.

Every family goes to their Burial Chambers or Mausoleums to honor their ancestors until midnight of November 3rd. It's actually quite a joyous occasion and it is celebrated more or less like it is in Spain and México, our ancestors are the blueprint of who we are, that is why it's no joke to be banished from your family. Either way, when we started going off Island and learning where the Christians got those traditions ORIGINALLY from we thought that they were way cooler! So we just started doing what the Celts did!

They are the original Samhain party animals! They would light bonfires and wear costumes to ward off ghosts and spirits who made potentially ruin their crops. However a lot of agents started bringing the tradition home as it's practice more or less today and we did our own little spin on it. If it's something FUN we WILL take it! We turned all three days into a holiday of celebration for our ancestors. Every year we feel Adelola's joy for being visited by her WHOLE family, and we leave them all offerings of flowers, honey and candied fruit, Kappa Sugar artisans make beautiful sugar skulls for offerings. The art was brought to the New World by Italian missionaries in the 17th century from Palermo. We also leave a bottle of rum and another of vodka, cannabis and blood from a blessed pigeon and it's heart inside a sealed jar. Since they're no rats in Karaya it's mostly the small native mice and some species of hutia we sure eat the the food, however the jar is always empty when we clean up the day after. We can't put cameras down there, it's taboo and considered extremely rude to spy on the dead.

Usually on October 31st AND November 1st we have a ton of fun and kids do get candy but the bigger kids and adults usually just do a lot of pranking on BOTH days, more or less like humans, but since it wasn't something that was strictly malicious, Agüebaná III, the man we thought was our grandfather, allowed it after Moira assured him it would be fine! That's the first time I saw her! I was 13 and thought she was a Nymph... I started jerking off more after that day!

Izzy got Nía REAL good one year by practicing different fire techniques in front of our parents and she 'accidentally' burned off Nía's hair. She TOTALLY healed her scalp with her water, but Nía had to wait a few months until she had her beloved Chestnut curls again! It was evil, brutal and absolutely hysterical! We would laugh our asses off every single day when she would come home from class completely BALD! That was the prank that kept on giving! She was Daddy's little girl and even so I caught Dad a few times chuckling! It wasn't the nicest thing, but DAMN IT we actually were on Izzy's side on this! Nía had this exceptionally annoying habit of swirling her curls at you and smacking your FACE with them after she hrmps at you! Ugh! It would make me want to grab her hair and just drag her down the street till she was bald and Izzy got to do it! We were all SUPER jealous! Nina even started calling her Fester! Making us laugh even more and when Mom told her to stop, she really didn't. Nía got REALLY good at clapping back after that! But her hair never touched our faces again! She saw clearly that Izzy wasn't playing and that if she kept messing up she would be bald for a few more months again.

Anyway, back to our regularly scheduled program...

"Guanina... Are you fucking saying you found a SHELBY COBRA?! WHERE?! HOW MUCH?!" She's insane... I had heard that she wanted one but I KNOW she wants the Mustang MORE! And I know that she doesn't want 'another' one. I KNOW she wants Abuelo's, I have already spoken with Maco and Ura about this! Hands down she's the one that went to town with that car, we just took it apart and put it back together and yeah we had fun, even Ura couldn't do it! Although he did help her later with the painting and just the outside body work, but she had already done the bulk, and she asked Dad if she could just fix what Ura had started with the motor. When she asked Dad if he wouldn't mind her putting some add-ons and customizing it, he became really curious so he basically gave her a green light and HOLY SHIT!

I think I will always love remembering Dad's face that day! He always said it was extremely hard to calculate her, and now that I'm her Beta I know it all too well. We think hands down she should have it! She just read it from a book!

"Okay so here's the deal, remember that one pack that stayed hesitant when they wanted to join us from Ireland? Bayo what was their name?" Ah yes...

"Yeah, Solas Na Gealaí Clan, took their damn sweet, sweet time... The only reason we're accepting them is because they answered yes to everything mere MINUTES before we decimated The Council, they have the luck of the Irish indeed! We even considered telling them no!" Víctor was outvoted 3-1, and it's only because I knew Izzy would go ahead and just cast her vote at it would be her way anyway, I was NOT in the mood that day to argue with her! If it wasn't because Phoebe herself had checked everyone there months before then I would not have to accepted it. And even so, we WILL be conducting a double check, if it were US this would be the perfect time to put a mole on the inside. We will make sure that does not happen. How the hell did Dad do this job with six kids?! Before I even had one I was going crazy! Oh yeah, HIS Alpha was extremely SIMPLE! While mine is a MONSTER!

"Weeeeeell, it just so happens that they have one! It's a complete jalopy but from what I saw of it the body work seemed okay. You guys usually do the rest right?" I look at Izzy's face... DON'T DO IT!

"A '66 Shelby Cobra, Super Snake'?! Are you ABSOLUTELY SURE? I was just saying it but, if I put that thing together and Umbros and Adam decide to go for a little joyride in it like I have been feeling in their pack link I will have to end up BANNING The Drag! Last time he almost killed seven people! SERIOUSLY Umbros HOW DID you pass that test and why hasn't it been revoked?! They will fucking go GODZILLA on Atabex City in THAT car! I'll be exposing myself to a ton of liability! Oh wait I forgot that I'm the Alpha! I'll just fix that right NOW! Umbros, Adam I forbid you from partaking in The Drag until I allow it! Okay I feel better now! Damn Fatima and Roxy REALLY blew it out of the park with these brownies! Okay so yeah how much? In fact you know what? How much for BOTH?!" I can't stop laughing she's too much! It's been good for her for Kayden to be by her side, her mood has improved 180°! And the twins are eating more than ever and are becoming extremely dexterous! She doesn't need both. Even in the hands of a werewolf, if you are not an extremely skilled driver, the Shelby Cobra is like giving a monkey a loaded gun!

"Nice one! But you don't need BOTH sweetheart we already came to a consensus and we all agree that Abuelo's car should be YOURS!" She looks at all three of us with both her hands to her cheeks covering her dimples!

"Are you SERIOUS?!" Ha!

"Yeah Izz! You turned that car into a LEGEND man! Scratch that I think it's going to become a legend NOW for sure, stupid Hatuey is lucky he didn't die that day!" Ura who is at her left since now Kayden sits at her right side as her mate.

"I WILL indeed make it a LEGEND! Songs will be sang of THE BOSS and how he made little wolves cry because he kicked their ASSES! STILL, how much? I'm curious to see how HE does! I'll allow BOTH of them to do this together." She nods her chin at Umbros and Adam. "Depending on their performance on the car I will determine if they can even set foot on The Drag, does everybody feel a little more comfortable now? I think it's money well spent!" DAMN RIGHT! Those two will NEVER put that car together! BRILLIANT!

Keep the monkeys occupied while you actually run the circus correctly! And since she does mean every word Umbros knows it's absolutely true! I can't help but laugh hysterically and everyone joins me! I just start applauding giving her a standing ovation, like the day she uncovered Abuelo's car after all of her hard work!

"I completely approve of this! Congratulations cousin you will race in The Drag by the time you're an ELDER! That would be a CHECKMATE right there! Izzy, little sister have I told you today that I love you!" Umbros stopped smirking while Adam started applauding with everyone else making us laugh harder and Umbros frowned. He gave a daggered glare at his mother who is having trouble breathing from laughing so much at him! And he smacked Adam to make him stop applauding, Amelia was laughing so hard she started having trouble breathing... Maco stood up suddenly and went to his mate. We weren't laughing anymore.
###chapter 167: Apollo's Blessing
Loiza's POV


Well that will sober you up fast! I go to where Maco is lying Amelia on the floor and put my hand to her belly and examine the water of the amniotic fluid to verify how the pup is. She's calming down her laughter to catch her breath. Everything is well, but she did give us a scare... I can already feel her focusing her water.

"Oh my Goddess! I REALLY needed that! I don't remember the last time I laughed so hard! As my hand is still on her belly making sure that the placenta is still attached I feel my little niece kicking up a storm! I take Maco's hand and put it there and he smiles kissing his mate while helping her up holding her.

"Well it seems that she's going to be a jolly little girl! Looks like she's really going to love laughing!" And everyone goes ahead to the ever so annoying act of touching a pregnant woman's belly without asking! Yet everyone feels the pup and Kayden takes the opportunity to touch Amelia and deliver the Blessing he had prepared for her.

'Remember to delay it a bit Love!' If his Mark appears the moment he touches her everyone will start to have a little suspicion. But since everybody is touching her it will seem like something out of the blue!

'I know babe, I have her, I'll absorb the sizzle so she doesn't get startled. Just be ready to explain it, ok?' His Blessing will include Maco and the pup, it's going to be a Hereditary Blessing Mark like the one Gaia gave him for us. It will inject health into the main branch of our family which is Maco's, in turn it will feed ALL of us! He already told me we won't allow Lola to keep her pain and will help Ishaan, as much as he hates the idea of him joining the other Betas.

After he let go he came over to wrap me in his arms and then it happened while some lingered touching Em's belly... Apollo's Mark appeared on both Maco and Amelia's left wrist and since Kayden absorbed the slight pain they almost didn't notice.

"Where did this come from?!" Maco saw it on Amelia and then on himself. Since I already told them what it was they became confused. As Maco helped Amelia up everyone started to go back to their seats unsure.

"Well I already told you guys it's a Blessing from Apollo. He's one of the gods of health, so he must be watching over your pup Maco!" I hope that does it.

"IZZY! Why say his name! We don't know what deity is looking for you!" Bayo says started. Yeah we do.

"Don't worry, it's not Apollo. He already knows where I am otherwise I wouldn't have gotten his Mark myself." I wave it away so they relax.

"Are you sure?" Bayo asks cautiously.

"Yup! Very! Let's finish eating! Nina is there anymore of that hazelnut chocolate tres leches from earlier?" We all sit but Kayden and I can feel them worried.

"Yeah, sure, Nía can you get it?" Nía always wants dessert!

"You have a deity after you?" Marcus stopped laughing a while back... He just took the brownie and ate it with us before asking what it was! It's been hysterical ever since!

"Yup! That's why I have all this ink on me... It makes me invisible to him. Don't worry it's fine." I link Kayden: 'A little help here!'

"While we are on the whole car thing, Bayoán, is there a way to bring the cars we have in Virginia over? We only used them for show but here they'll be used for their purpose!" Smooth... Bayo used to race until he started spending all of his free time with Moira. Maybe now he'll join us! I never got to race him. Maybe he can have his rematch against me NOW! If he couldn't beat me when I was a 15 year old Gamma, I'll rip him to shreds as an Alpha.

"Tony was asking about the same thing! The Lady Conceição passed her Prime Priestess examinations, the boost in power should allow her to open a portal for two maybe three at the time. Since the attacks from The Council stopped we can take a breather and besides from Solas Na Gealaí Clan we don't have any pending extractions. We're still investigating Wives of the Gods Coven, in New Orleans, and I want the whole story about this war of theirs. Everything moving forward should go smoothly if everything put in motion goes according to plan. What cars do you have?" Awesome, Bayoán took the bait! 'I love you!' I link him and he kisses my cheek. I haven't felt this happy ever!

"Well we have five and I think Everett does want to bring his Dad's '37 Cadillac Phaeton, too, he had already given it to his heir Jonas. He would sometimes take it out with his mate Abigail and just drive it to Devil's Drop, Samuel told me that the patrols said they would just sit in the car holding each other while Abigail sobbed." We have been treating them both here and Sandro told Kayden that they are accepting what happened, and besides therapy they have a prescription of a very particular strain of cannabis that helps the neuro pathways of someone in their state to accept the guidance of meditation at the Shrines or Temples easier. Cressy has been assisting them and many others of Half Crescent Moon, she is the best at growing particular strains of cannabis like this.

Originally he didn't want the car, the other day he told Kayden that he was starting to feel hope again and asked if there was a way to get it since it was in the Blood Moon garages as well. There was nothing really left at Half Crescent Moon except for the spirits of the departed. Both him and Abigail are still in their prime, this doesn't have to mean the end of their bloodline. Sandro explained to them of the many treatments available to spark Abigail's Heat again. He says that she has found a lot of peace since they arrived and likes running through the rainforest, they still can't get over so many naked people at the beach! By the Goddesses It's not THAT many!

Bayoán nodded. Now that they were inside the Link everyone is receiving their pain and retuning sympathy. "That's a fine car! Nina, look for a picture, you'll like the design features of it. We can definitely do that for Alpha Everett." I think it's fine.

I just keep thinking about getting Hacienda Florencia, we will have an estate with plenty of room to grow our family. Mami was right in making sure that this house is in tip top shape but Dad had a plan of expansion, he was already taken into consideration all nine of us and the children we would have. Which means he was calculating that our family possibly would increase in numbers. Did he figure out what happened to the generation after Adelola and Imotonex? I'm going to have to read his diaries too! To be given such a big blessing and then for it to be basically taken away instantly SOMETHING must have happened.

The beach house idea is completely brilliant, and it won't cost that much. In this I do trust Nina fully if she thinks we can have BOTH properties for the correct price I'm pretty sure it's possible especially with the little trump card she wants to play with our great-grandpapi. At that altitude and that weather it's also ideal to grow cocoa! We would be able to house Ishaan's family as well as Nasser's, Adam's and Cesar and Catalina.

"Hey Nina, when things get a little calmer outside and we've settled everything here I would like for an inspection of the house in Granada, last time we went there it smelled of humidity and some of the wood work was rotting. We always use it as a safehouse, ok?" That WAS a fun month!

"Don't worry about it, I went months before the blast and checked it out, I was planning on spending a few months over there looking for new inspiration. I already sent some of the furniture to Jorel's studio, but you know how it is, she's absolutely backlogged right now. And I always rather spend my money with family, plus we always get a discount. Nía, there's even MORE of Asenath's clothes over there! I think I know were I get my shopaholic nature from!" As long as it should be fine for now. And now for my ultimate Imotonex move of abuse of power and ensuring future financial prosperity for our family to pay for the all the other projects I want for future generations while trying to make sure not to empty out our account...

"Maco, as we know the humans keep destroying this planet and at this pace the waters will continue to raise. I would like for Wolf Skull Inc. to come up with a defense system to protect the whole island and adjacent areas from not just waters, I want a system that if those crazy motherfuckers destroy this planet Karaya will remain. If the air is too polluted, it will be clean here, we have their nukes locked, but until we are able to FULLY disable and disassemble their cores they're still a threat. Let's just say that I want a system that can protect us and our waters from even a GOD. I'm giving you and Gadiel a month head start thinking about ideas and experimenting them to come up with the best system, before I announce the proyect then EVERYONE will have three months to present their ideas and designs. How do you think this will change the future of Wolf Skull Inc.? Gadiel might end up trying for an even better family estate..." They don't really need this advantage, but better safe than sorry.

And with the injection of founds from this to Wolf Skull, it could help it start gain a global traction. When Tali and Nina mentioned the companies and other contributions our mates' packs intend to do another idea popped into my head.

"Wow Izzy! I bet Imotonex and Abuelo would be proud! Your taking the family to another level of piracy, bootlegging and smuggling and are an even bigger mobster!" Bayoán says with admiration. Oh you have no idea where I'm going with this yet!

"Want to be my conciliary?" He just chuckles.

"Seriously Izz?! A project of this magnitude can put us to compete with the really big fish!" It damn better!

"Very serious! And I want you to start thinking as a big fish yourself and tell the same to Gadiel, this will be the biggest government contract Karaya has ever undertaken, do you think you guys can do it?" He is linking, I imagine talking with Gadi.

"Gadiel is at the drawing board right now Izzy! It's in the bag!" Excellent!

"Earlier Tali and Nina talked about you boys handing over assets and companies, correct?" Kayden already knows this plan and I will really need him, Marcus, and every single Alpha and Beta with experience in this area heading this. To be honest we haven't ventured our businesses off island because of our distrust of humans and other packs, so even though we have professors on the matter, that have done practical study, most is theorical.

"Oui Izzy, Nina said that she talked to a professor." Tony said while Nina served him some rice and he gave her an adoring smile.

"Yeah, we handed Bayoán all the documents of our personal accounts for the family and the businesses of the pack. Everyone else from the pack opened their own personal accounts with their own founds... Oh Adam your brother has yours since we knew you were in The Fort and kinda figured you were preoccupied with someone, which, yeah! Dude don't ever just disappear like that, the only reason we were chill is because you felt calm and your scent was fresh, no decomposition detected. We even gave Avis's mom his share, he told us to fuck off last time we tried linking him! Seriously man! Do the Spogels practice kidnapping often?!" Oh, Marcus.

'I thought you warned him?' We know Avis is having the time of his life, we sent Sophia to check and Edit is very happy that she has two of her remaining 4 daughters mated and can't stop pampering Jason and Avis. She gave both Sammy and Brianna a condo in Atabex City, I was talking about the same with Maco. To start investing in condos here and there for when the kids reach that age, Amelia thinks to add an account for each. We all agreed to to do that so they each have their start up, regardless of the family's properties or money, we just want them to know that they will have a backup. Nía volunteered to help Nina find some nice ones, she's pretty well connected. Kayden and Marcus handed their family assets and we told Marcus to start negotiating again for the vineyard in Nappa the minute the housing market crash... It's already happening. All of their stocks got hit badly on what they're now calling Black Tuesday the 2nd! Ha!

'I did baby, but you know how he is, it's fine.' He's so calm enjoying his meal, he's also really high! It's so funny to see how both brothers act so differently, they make quite an adorable pair! He may have been ignorant about many things but Kayden and Marcus focused their education mostly in economics and finance and they administered their company really well. So they each also have their own personal wealth, they each opened accounts and Tali and I added ours to the ones of each of our mates. And they're already considering moving operations for the company out of Richmond to Miami.

L: "It's Sammy Marcus."

U: "Yup."

S: "Their experts!"

G: "Pffft!"

N: "Babe I told you that you wouldn't se your friend for a while! Sammy's been busier than Joey, we just made her baby sit you guys because Izzy was so worried about Kayden even though she wanted to rip his lying tongue to the point where the esophagus stayed connected and she actually pulled his stomach out through his mouth! You remember Izzy you went into great detail!"

L: "Your damn right! Even if there was no piece of the stomach I still would have been HAPPY!"

K: "HEY! How much more do I have to grovel here?! Adam did you ever see any of those fuckers do any of that?! Seriously? My stomach!" He whines.

'I'll make it up to you later, stop whining.' I can't help kissing my mate, the God that was supposed to be my husband...
###chapter 168: Horsepower
Loiza's POV


"Are you serious right now Kayden? You ain't boss no more! And she ain't talking about the slavery stuff she's talking about your fucked up parents stuff! Can I seriously call you Izzy instead of Alpha? Umbros keeps saying I sound ridiculous! And seriously did these brownies get me THIS stoned?! I had only smoked weed I never had edibles! People back home are a bunch of narcs! Oh and thanks for the car! Trust me I will get that thing running!" Umbros's facepalms himself in humiliation, Adam is almost lights out!

K & M: DUUUUUUDE!!!!

L: "Umbros do you think the name Alpha does not suit me?!" He glares at Adam.

U: "I never said that!"

L: "Adam, yes you can call me Izzy, you're welcome for the car and no you can't do all the work by yourself! I want proof that you both brainstormed and worked together as a team. I'm sorry, but Umbros almost killed people once and every time that he is on a mission we all know that those in the plane with him have a great potential of dying, I had to take first chair from him when I was 16!

"I need to be sure that whatever you learn and figure out with the potential I know you have, he will accept and not be a proud dumbass! I know that he wants to drive just to have fun at The Drag, not to be a better agent! I wanted to win at The Drag so that I knew that I could use that skill to save my life and that of my team. And that's the drive I always had that made me win! You want to race for the sake of proving to others that you can. That will never be good enough to give you the skill to be GREAT! You will just turn into a joke and completely embarrass the family and that's in the BEST of circumstances, in the worst circumstances it's the end of you cousin.

"You think that protecting the borders of a pack is dangerous Adam?! Your mate will let you look into his mind so that you can see what we have gone through, being able to keep a level head in spite of the harsh world that is out there, that is what makes us powerful! Being able to completely change your strategy in a split second the moment you notice that your primary plan will go to shit, improvising, adapting, being focused, those skills among others are crucial for being a successful agent. The Drag helps you hone in these skills, especially when they keep changing the route mid race, that's why it has never been banned in spite of Umbros's brouhaha.

"So I already gave you both the command, I'm going to get that Cobra and I don't want NEITHER of you NEAR it! In fact honestly the only people I trust around that car are Maco, Ura, Lola, Freya and Víctor. Bayo, it's nothing personal it's just that I haven't raced with you and I really need to for me to do a full assessment if you can actually do it, and even when Kayden taps into my own racing skills, he has never done it practically. So there's no way he's going near it either until I actually see what he can do, that is a dangerous car people, Nía, no joke, I know I promised you before the blast that I would teach you and I will, but I don't want to see you or Nasser near it.

"Here, let's do this, you and Nina take my Honda for now so that you can practice and I'll get you something that we BOTH can work from scratch and customize it to how you want, so that you can keep practicing on that by yourself and Nina can eventually keep the Honda deal? Tony it's a fun ride I put special things in it! According to how I modified it it should be an easy car for them to start with, if I'm getting Abuelo's car I can let go of the Honda so that you can play with it now. I can't wait to race you!"

S: "Seriously?! Thanks Izzy! No worries I won't touch the Cobra. Nass think about what car we want! Can it be purple?!" I think she didn't hear the part that we would buy something and we would WORK it together! She's a good driver, and the times that Ura and I would go with her she proved to have pretty good control over the car at high speed, I have been thinking of sending her with Joey for a bit for just Epsilon training with Brianna, those two have always gotten along. And seriously Kayden cannot go near that car either, now that I pinpointed more or less the era of our past reincarnation, there were no cars yet. He can drive perfectly fine and I've seen in his memories how he has played around with his own car back in Virginia in places he could, but nothing like what we do. The thing is he has an amazing car for racing, and I can't wait to play with it myself!

G: "Awe Izzy! I know what that car means to you! You've always been good at sharing! Okay guys wish me luck let's hope I don't kill anybody! No seriously don't worry I've been practicing! Kayden bro, I'm sorry for your Hillbilly cousin, but I just saw that car, it's beautiful! It's so distinct of the spirit of the era! Does it need any repairs?"

K: "It does actually but he's like you guys and he likes working it on it himself. Maco showed them yours and he's excited, he won't race that one but he says he will customize another one. The man has been doing this since the seventies!

Ura: "What ride do you have man?" He asks Kayden. This is the relationship I have been looking closest since Kayden's arrival. If ever any of them were to go against each other, my loyalty would be somewhat divided. Urayoán has always been my main source of support in this family and we are so in tune with our ideas. I know them both enough to know that they will get along, even if it is for my sake. He would be the same if ever I would have a problem with Artemis. Don't get me wrong Artemis is like my own sister, but if we would ever fight he wouldn't dare take a side.

These are lucky if they ever se Avis AGAIN! When something is hers Sammy hates sharing, with Joey as her twin sister I don't blame her. Well maybe after Nina redoes the burial chamber. As second cousin like the Ollers they come every year for Día de los Muertos and leave offerings, just like we do the rounds down to the Ollers always taking oranges for Cacicaná from the garden that were her favorite treat! We feel her spirit every time we come into the house. Another spirit that welcomes us full of joy and love, this year will be the first year we visit our ancestors from the Guerrero family. This is so much more homework!

K: "A '16 Bass 770." I smile waiting for either of my brothers or Lola to answer.

B: "WHAT?!"

M: "Are you serious?"

Ura: "You seriously spent over half a million dollars on a muscle car and not race it?! Oh, I think we can stretch her legs! So when do we play with THAT?!"

L: "ASAP! I want to see how much muscle that muscle car has before we decide on the tank for it!

K: "Wow! Don't I get any say woman?!" Adorable!

L: "Sure you do! But the moment that switch is flipped put a surgical mask or you'll choke on my dust! I still have a lot of work that I want to do to The Boss and I haven't seen The Cobra. Maco, how're the experiments with the isotopes of hydrogen?" If we can change the fuel systems we won't have to steel barrels of gasoline and have a clean fuel system.

K: "Seriously?!"

M: "Very promising! No explosions so far!" So far so good!

N: "Don't tell me you too have a half a million dollar car!" Tali asks Marcus.

M: "Well... It's umm... A Lamborghini."

Ura: "Yeaaaah, which model?" I look into Kayden's head. OH MAN! HA!

M: "Aventor." And he focuses on his plate.

L: "Regular SVJ or Roadster?" Ha! The Roadster model it's a bit more expensive. Lola's just twisting the blade right now!

M: "Roadster."

Ura: "And you bought these cars to race where exactly?! You guys have all this horse power to go on Sunday strolls?! There's over a million dollars with just those two cars! Did you guys wake up one day and say 'I really need a half million dollar car for a picnic'?!" This is personal for Ura! He became obsessed with Ferraris on a mission we had in Rome and he was able to jack a Ferrari LaFerrari because we REALLY needed a fast getaway with an severely injured Sammy! I know he wants that classic '63 because it was the year Abuelo caught Mengele, but I KNOW he wants a Ferrari LaFerrari but it's starting price is over a million!

Even if it is a drop in the pond for us, it's just not how we were raised, even Tía who tends to be less frugal than Dad was she still doesn't waste her money on nonsense. Nina has always been the high roller and even then she made sure it was top quality and was used, cared and maintained. Lola, Nía and myself have Babka's vintage dresses starting from when Abuelo took her shopping through Europe before bringing her home. We have them in our closets not the vault, in our heads we see it as wasteful to get new if what we already have looks even better?! We usually spend big in INVESTMENTS, that's why I absolutely agree with Nina. I WANT Hacienda Florencia and I'm willing to spend, but not at a loss, we were raised by Betas, they will calculate the shit out of the purchase of a candy bar! As an Alpha, it took my Mom a while to adjust to it, they want results not caring about the budget. And right now I don't care to break the bank to ensure our ancestors legacy so that the next generation is set.

K: "Come on man give us a break it was a present! We each got a nice car for our 20th birthday!" I can alread hear the pitch of his voice get a little screechy.

L: "Ura can you imagine going up to Dad and asking for half a million dollars to buy a car? Or to buy ANYTHING really!

U: "I can already see his back walking away after choking on his beer while laughing at me!" Exactly!

M: "Oh come on give us a break! We were rich kids! And even though our parents turned out to be psychos they did dote on us!"

B: "Marcus, WE ARE rich kids too! There is no way in Hades that our father would have ever even THOUGHT of that! He bought Izzy that Honda and it was because it only cost him two grand and it was to feed his own curiosity! And by the way I know how she customized it, it would still kick your asses! We're definitely bringing those cars over but we're playing HARD with them! Ura's right we got to see what they got! Even with the horsepower in those cars you will have to do certain customizations to it to be able to WIN at The Drag. Trust me it's going to be a little embarrassing taking those two amazing cars to The Drag and losing big! Hey Nina can you keep your eyes open for a '68 GT Fastback, CHEAP! I'll work on it myself!" So he's going for Bullitt!

G: "Yeah sure, do you want me to do a special order for Highland Green paint?!" Nina may not know how to assemble a car but she does know aesthetic and beauty and the reason why Bayo wants it in this color. All of us are big Bruce Lee fans! We studied his techniques in training, he is one of my favorite humans! It's kind like how humans like Dracula. Vlad the Impaler was considered by the other vampires to be a rogue, they had to end him or really risk exposure, but humans seem taken with the guy! We became fans of everything Bruce Lee in our own way... for Bayoán, he started watching Steve McQueen movies since the actor was a pupil of Bruce Lee, thus creating an unhealthy obsession with Bullitt. Ura, Nía and I watch The Grandmaster if anyone would mention it, who touches on the life of Ip Man, who was master to Bruce Lee. And my favorite human movie soundtrack is the one for The Crow, and I think Maco still cries every time he watches Enter the Dragon.

B: "Maybe." Ha!

G: "Well guys, um... Is it not so embarrassing when the car is expensive but WAS raced only it had to be put away because the pack was in danger right?" And Tony facepalms himself!

T: "Chèri, there's no need to say anything! Look I was very irresponsible, too! I was an only child and my parents we're loaded and spoiled me terribly and LOOK! I lost my pack because of my stupidity! I also have a deed for a my mother's family home outside of Paris and another in Avignon, but I couldn't go to the bank where the deeds are. We couldn't travel to that vault before sending everything I could to Luxembourg! Oh whatever! I'm a proud Frenchman and I'll take the scorn, I'll get back at you assholes at the finish line!"

F: "Well damn Tony! Rock on! You went from shame, to apologetic, to excuse mode then to bribing, shifted to defensive mode and finally attack mode in just a few sentences! That was impressive... Now I'm DYING to know what car is it!" Nina looks at him silently chuckling... And from the inventory and numbers they handed Maco and Bayo earlier, he IS LOADED, no wonder Nina was willing to pay back everything without complain! He's flipping the bill! We even told Tony that he should take a part to open an account just for him and Nina, the latter started to blush... they already had! His personal wealth alone is larger than our family one, just his contribution to the family more than doubled our net worth. The company is failing because they couldn't leave their territory and left a Board of Directors who got greedy... They will be taken care of.

T: "A '17 Bugatti Chiron." WHOA!

EVERYONE: "WHAT?!" Tony blushes deep!

Ura: "Tony are you serious right now?! Ok... WHERE did you race?!" We all look at Tony, if you're going to spend 3 million dollars on a car you might as well make it FLY!

T: "The route would start at home south of Avignon take the A7, reach A55 to Marseille costal highway, reach Toulon get on A57 straight to Monaco and finally Antibes in the French Riviera! Those were fun times, and even then we had to be cautious ALL. THE. TIME. So we put the cars and other toys away... My father had already started sending everything he could to Luxembourg... I had to finish the job." Nina is combing through his long hair giving him comfort. Sigh...

L: "Ok... So back to the chat about the corporations the packs brought. Bayo, which packs brought assets like this?

B: "Well, besides Kayden and Tony, Cesar, Federico, Diego, Hiroto and Ishaan all handed corporations and Ştefan, from Romania has all the human legal documentation for their town, he went ahead and did the same as Marcus in registering everything locally. Some of the companies are doing well while others aren't I'll leave it to Víctor to contact his cousin tomorrow to start verifying his plan and to meet with those who have brought these assets. Do you have a specific end game for this Izzy or is it just profit? I feel something up on your end of the Beta Bond."

"Of course I have an end game! I hope you're all ready to take over the world." Humans have lost their right to rule it...
###chapter 169: Primal Nature
Marcus's POV

"What do you think she meant by that?" I ask Tali. After coming home and making love to her we just lay holding each other in bed, I can't help but play with her hair to help relax her. The day was so draining to them and us as a family. Since noon I could feel her tension. Kayden, Tony and Morgana were very anxious too and we all had our own Circle with Freya giving us the play by play. Nasser came up late waiting for the batch of brownies... They kicked me good!

"She intends to take over the world. Izzy usually is pretty straight forward!" Tali said matter of factly and went to clean herself and like a pup I followed.

"As in... the planet?! Tali, um, seriously? Many have tried and failed. How does she intend on achieving that?" Her eyes are focused moving rapidly as I feel her run all the scenarios. She's doing calculations like a Beta! I suddenly stop her.

"Talia, are you calculating projections?" She looks at me confused.

"Yes. Tío Ayato thought us! I don't know what Bayo's talking about when he says Izzy's thinking more like a Beta, she's ALWAYS though like that, we kinda all do. Everyone forgets that she was outside the pack link for seven years! I don't even want to imagine what it must be like, to never feel the hum of the pack." Just the thought brings a chill through my spine.

"Marcus it's fine! Bayoán even let it go without a problem. You will be thought ways of combat and strategy of other ranks, sometimes you adapt to fighting styles or thinking styles not of your natural coding. With me I went more for a Beta thinking and mixing my natural Epsilon nature with the eye for fastidious detail like a Kappa. Izzy has always had a calculative thinking process like a Beta, but held her Gamma mentality as well as mixing her original rank fighting style making it stronger by applying Epsilon agility and now she has to increase on her Alpha training, which now should be easier since Kayden's with her." She puts a robe on as I finish drying myself.

"So what's your assessment beautiful?" After seeing so much of their origins, the exquisite tapestry that is my mate's lineage I am determined to uncover as much from our side as possible. The good thing is we know where to start and which Clan our family belonged to.

"Taking into consideration everything that she's setting up... Even though she has the same goal as Imotonex, she's letting go of the reigns of the family. She's already established that we don't need power since we already have it, all we have to do is to MAINTAIN it, and to maintain it we have to work as a unit. Maco is really the main peacekeeper of our family and if we are to be a unit there must be peace among us. As stressful as the day was many things were resolved or brought to the light which could give our family an edge, and she's not just taking into account Tía Kiskeya's desire to strengthen the family from within, but she's also taking into account it's expansion like Tío was planning. And then you guys sparked an idea with the corporations..." I serve a glass of wine for each of us while we sit outside enjoying the night's air full of the smell of the ocean.

I am not worrying about our borders being attacked, I'm not waiting for an alarm to go off out of nowhere. I just found out they have a fucking satellite in space! They monitor the waters and sky 24/7 and have an A.I. checking for any anomalies throughout the planet.

That's why The Council attacked the way they did otherwise they wouldn't have been able to. And if they can achieve this new project that they intend to create to fully protect the island it would give each and every one of us full piece of mind.

Ayiti had embraced Ishaan and myself the day we got here...

"BOTH my daughters nabbed a Beta! You focus now on your Heat! If we keep expanding, Deacon or Jade will definitely need more Betas, so make sure to give it your best boys!" Ayiti was very enthusiastic... Ishaan and I looked at each other awkwardly, our mates glaring at us to listen to their mother. Adam got introduced to her in today's circumstances... Ayiti was not doing so well but got better later on and started nagging him to put her son in his place and that she would find some friend she knows to train him and since she was top agent for years before becoming Director of OPIA, she gave him all the information he needed and wants to take him under her wing.

"She only said that she wanted to meet with all of us in a few days to give us time to gather any documentation that is needed and to go to any bank vaults." Since the attack, they have been using the worldwide event to be able to come and go through portals to receive agents, and send new batches going to intercept different areas. They have agents in the embassies of the major world players all over the globe, inside their governments. Even the Ambassador at the UN from Belgium is one of them and are already mobilizing Special Operations agents in different countries to get their campaigns ready to run for parliaments, congresses and senates. If their mobilizing in that scale, what does she plan for the corporations?

Adam went ballistic when they started to explain to him! He gets the inside scoop for being family. We're all really happy that he found his mate, and a powerful one at that! They both could be actually pretty indestructible if they set their mind to it and I'm pretty sure Adam will whip Umbros into shape. And I can definitely understand how he would been hesitant. If it would have been back home he more than likely WOULD have been rejected, we would see it all the time, here they put you on a boat and they send you off on your merry way if you DARE reject a mate. In a way it gives you a sense of security.

The next day Tali wanted to just go running to let out the stress of the day before, I was curious about the coconut farm. I don't even know if there's any state that has one, but even so it's open to run through it. Here there is no such thing as a private beach and wolves with farms don't mind others running through them, they live by a strict code of honor among themselves. Stealing amongst themselves and allies is very frowned upon.

The farm is located a few miles south of Atabex City so Wilk and Cordelia were able to REALLY stretch their legs. We started going towards the mountains yet once we were north of the airport he ran on the coast, our paws splashing on the shoreline. Right before reaching the farm she shifted midair and jumped in the water... There were a few people on that beach but no one even flinched! A few pups were building sand castles and they didn't look up!

'What are you waiting for babe? The water feels wonderful! Get your cute ass in here, it's going to get a little warmer in the farm we should cool off a bit now!' As much as The Caribbean is really never touched by winter it doesn't mean the temperature doesn't change throughout the year and as it's summer it's VERY hot, however since we are by the ocean we get it's breeze constantly so the weather is still pleasant. It was crazy muggy in Virginia... Everyone who's not Osupa (except for the French and Brazilians) are having difficulty adapting to just being naked even though it's an important part of shifting.

I shift and walk to the water... No one is paying any attention to me and I see Tali waiting for me chuckling in amusement.

The water IS wonderful and it doesn't serve as a shield for my nakedness at ALL! The water is so clear and clean! It's like walking into a turquoise pool.

"You'll get used to it Papi, it's not just about loosing modesty, it's about survival. You'll learn more about that in training." She wraps her arms around my neck and kisses me deeply. I hug her tight and give her bubble butt a squeeze making her laugh! We went deeper in the water taking advantage of the lack of waves and had a quickie right there! Even though we were pretty far away from the shoreline, no one even bothered to look our way. I was kinda nervous at first.

"Papi, the grown-ups KNOW what we're doing, but it's very not out of the ordinary here when the beach is as empty as it's now, and those pups are too focused on their own fun!" When we got out of the water there was an orange haired mermaid with the fins like those of a clown fish making out with a teenager on the shore, his buddies were sliding on the wet sand with wood boards.

"Do you want to try it?!" She notices my curiosity.

"Do you know how?" I ask her looking into her memories. Freya and Urayoán can't keep secrets from each other but having him as her Twin Soul gives her his same knowledge instantly. She didn't have to LEARN how to do anything, if he knew it, so did she and vise versa.

"Look for the blue string, it has all my memories on all types of sand surfing." Sand surfing... They use a small wood board throwing it into the slick sand towards water and then jumping on it midway sliding into the water. Seems easy enough!

And now I understand what Izzy meant about not allowing Kayden near the Cobra until she saw how he raced. I have all the theoretical knowledge, now I have to put it practical and it's not so simple, I know exactly what I have to do now I just have to make sure I do it correctly. It took me a few tries to actually get it and in less than 20 minutes I was a pro! Never in my years of studying matings had I read of such a thing! The most fascinating part was that I was naked the whole time and I didn't even realize it until she told me to shift so that we can go on our way! Nobody said ANYTHING!

Running through the farm was something I definitely want to do again! Wilk's nose was doing its own workout!

'Papi let Wilk smell through the fruit's outer cortex! Get through it all and reach it's core! Scent out the coconut and let the scent of the ocean mix with it!' She linked me the main joy they received inside their wolves while running here... I'm salivating! She pounces on me to play on some sand patches and shifts while laughing and I shift with her but still looking to see if there's anyone around.

She sees it and laughs some more! "Papi, you were just naked NOW! You're a WAREWOLF! When you're naked as a wolf you don't have a problem because you have been thought to see your spirit animal as just that... An animal. As INFERIOR! They are the CORE of WHO and WHAT we are as a species! Without them we are JUST human! Survival is a key reason why not wearing clothes is a non issue for us, but we never try to develop that human anthropocentric EGO, we don't see ourselves as neither inferior or superior to any creature in nature. We're nowhere near the most important creature on Earth, that throne goes to bees and it's because without them there would be no planet AT ALL! We as a people have taken into consideration the hive mind of bees to enhance the Link of the pack, that gives us power. We follow our Primal animal's instinct, why shouldn't that include not caring for what we do or don't wear?" She explains calmly, just like Kayden said Izz was teaching him back at Blood Moon. There was no hint of mockery in her tone. Anthropocentric EGO huh? I had never seen it that way before. I still feel a little off and suddenly another couple of wolves runs by just nodding to us and continued running not batting an eye.

I turn back to look at Tali and she's looking for fallen coconuts, they can't pick them of the tree in the farm, only those that don't belong to anyone. But if they're on the ground already there's no need on letting it spoil.

"I scented a few around here baby, keep your eyes and nose alert!" And right by my foot I see some. She extended her claw and swiftly sliced the top giving us access to the water inside. It was heaven after that run! She slashed it open to munch on the meat inside, it was such a light snack and drink on the way we had a few more and left the shells there and continued.

Eventually we left the farm area and went straight to the mountains into the rainforest. Wilk's scent receptors and ears were super alert and again she shifted midair and fell into a 20 ft drop down a waterfall and falling gracefully into a clear fresh watering hole. I jumped behind her! The water was colder than the ocean which was welcome because of the heat. She goes to the waterfall and opens her mouth drinking the water.

"It's spring water babe, taste this!" It was fresh and cold and clean and everything you imagine when you see these in pictures or TV. She told me to sit with her by some flat rocks below the waterfall and we allowed the water to beat out all of the stress from our necks and back... I fucked her behind the waterfall until we came a few times, our sounds echoing through the small cave chamber. After another swim she lead me to wild banana trees and we ate every single banana of one tree! They were tiny ones that tasted like apples, she told me that they're originally from The Philippines but early agents loved them so much because they tasted of apple which couldn't grow in the Caribbean, yet 'los manzanos' (Apple banana) could. She explained that some other family had a farm were they grow them, along regular bananas and plantain. We ran from place to place in the forest, eating and drinking our fill throughout the day out of anything the island provided. We were completely FREE!

By sundown we found our clothes right were we left them by the broken Sentinel fort at the wall by The Fort. We went to our apartment and showered and she had already ordered multiple types of fresh ceviche with both types of fried plantains, 'maduros' and 'tostones' and cold beers. We ran, swam and fucked all day, we didn't need to pack a picnic, we never worried about thirst. We burn LOADS of calories by nature but even more in wolf form, we saw only a few people and after a while I forgot I was naked until we found our clothes. I don't remember allowing myself to be so primal.

"Thank you Talia, I don't think I ever remember Wilk and me feeling so free! Your right! After a while I fully embraced my wolf and nothing else mattered except for the run, the food and sex. I was FULLY a WOLF and it was LIBERATING! And this place! We found food and drink EVERYWHERE... Is it like this always Tali?!" I stroke her stunning face and her smile dazzles me. This food is amazing! This beer is the shit! I have to talk to Thomas to invest in a brewery! We can add our own Irish-Scot brew, I'm actually excited for our future! Just to think my children will grow up HERE! This day alone opened my eyes to the REAL value of this place, no wonder Everett and Abigail are healing, besides everyone else.

When I gave Avis's mom their founds so they could open their account, Eveline looked different. Three of her children found their mates besides Avis including his brother Albert. Her and her sister were looking very happy and jovial with a more healthy color! Those two old broads didn't care about the nudity so much, they enjoyed the beach with the rest of their kids while they got to peep at the young wolves: "Cute asses!" I can't wait to mess with him telling him about how thirsty his mom and auntie have become!

"Yup! Since we were pups! We would go with our friends as a little pack feeling ever more feral, it really helps to be so connected to your wolf at that age during training. You learn to go on all day treks like today with just your gifts and instincts to gide you." She puts some pinkish sauce on the tostones with the scent of mayonnaise, ketchup and garlic and I try it as well... Uff! I live in paradise!

We ALWAYS had to be cautious as kids, especially around the borders, and all of us had our parents linking us to make sure we were ok.

We saw a bunch of kids running in packs just like she said, we even saw other pups who couldn't shift yet, riding horses and some were on dirt bikes. Regardless of age, everyone enjoys their life without the worries of the outside world touching them, allowing them to grow up fearless, bolder and more in tune with the power of their wolf, yet their education reigns in the beast giving them full control over that unbridled power! Today, as much as I loved every minute of it, was my first lesson on my new way of thinking.
###chapter 170: The Nameless Child
Kayden's POV


I wake up a few hours before dawn. Izzy is in troubled sleep in my arms. I take in her scent as I kiss the top of her head as I listen to her unsteady breathing and the roaring ocean. I gently let go of her and see that Sophia awoke from her sleep on her new perch, I get up and head out to the balcony and caress her soft chest feathers.

So she knows already, huh? And I was dumb enough to think I can keep ANY secret from her anymore, after all these centuries... And as usual, she's not saying anything. She never likes to overburden me, neither of us has learned this lesson millennia after millennia. We have always shared everything, but if she knows I know something and haven't told her, she patiently waits until I do... I usually do the same. We should be solving it together, and we usually do, but I understand why she wouldn't say anything about this...

Growing up in Avalon is no picnic. The fact that Izzy, Ayana and Cresta found a solid loophole to gain three full days of pure freedom each year was a stroke of genius. The hope of those days kept them going strong! Neither of them is a fan of celebrating their birthday, for them it was a day of unadulterated freedom in Avalon, but that's how their lives were measured, not a fun way to remember your birthday. For them their birthday outside of Avalon just reminds them that they were in a way slaves themselves. Nobody had asked these little girls if they WANTED this powerful burden! Some of them are very devoted and would gladly do it, but it's certainly not the majority. This is not the life I had hoped for my daughter and I KNOW she is FURIOUS! That's what woke me up...

We have NEVER bargained with the life of ANY of our children... He MUST have found her last time for us to go THIS far! We BOTH tend to be VERY sensitive when it comes to our children... ALL OF THEM!

I gladly died for Ranulf who later became a great Alpha in The Highlands... The humans were terrified to go near his lands and only ONCE did a warring Clan dare try to take his territory only for Ranulf to end EVERY family in that Clan, tripling his territory. He built a grand castle by the North Sea making sure his mother's apartments faced east and had the best view of the water. Phi, in spite of her widow's grief, stayed on as Luna until he found his mate at 27 and even then he ordered a throne be placed on his right side for her as his Luna sat by his left. It was to her he would always seek advice first and she even sat on his War Council. She lived on to council and train our grandchildren and Ranulf placed her in a place of High Honor as his top advisor besides his Beta who was his brother and our second son Faoladh, who would himself seek council from her anyway. For a she-wolf in that time period in Scotland, her word was LAW, and no one dared challenge her. A command from my woman was seen as a command from Ranulf himself! She was always born to be a Queen.

Persephone was so moved that she commanded my Uncle... It's never going to not be funny how much power this child of Light has over the darkness that is 'supposed' to be the 'TERRIFYING' monster of The Underworld! Sorry metal heads... Hades is just as pussy whipped as me! Women are terrifying creatures! Sometimes I don't know if Eros did us a favor, it took me FOREVER to repair his eyes! She commanded him to coax The Fates to extend his life, but no one can coax The Fates. He, and all of our grandchildren and beyond are with Selene.

"Sophia, let her keep thinking I don't know, ok girl?" She nods obediently as I rub behind her head.

I head over to the nursery, Mónica and Danika, a new Chi apprentice from Blood Moon are coaxing a pup. They both bow before continuing to fuss over Bayoán's still nameless pup who was wailing, he and Morgana are still working on his name, and I understand. This pup is as much heir apparent to be Beta as much as Deacon to be Alpha, his name must be carefully chosen. I offer to take the boy and Danika looks at Mónica who smiles and nods.

"Here Alpha." She says softly still trying to coax the pup. But this is something that I've done so many times that it's second nature. I sit down on one of the rocking chairs and put the pup upsidedown on my thigh and gently rub his back while softly tapping the foot of the leg he's on. He went silent immediately and was out in a few minutes, my mother Leto was treated like shit by so many because of Hera's jealousy, but her heart always remained gentle and she taught this trick to Artemis and me when she first held a crying Eros. Ares always had the doubt if Eros was his son, or Hephaestus, or Hermes... She's ALWAYS been special like that! I will never understand them, I may have MANY regrets with women, but that's one I never touched! She definitely earns the title of Goddess of beauty but not love, the only person Aphrodite loves is Aphrodite.

However her son Eros should be hailed with that title... We were able to see Ares many lifetimes ago and because of the sense of smell we had we confirmed to him that he was indeed father to Eros. Ares may be many things but, he does share father's one redeeming quality of being a fiercely devoted father who dotes on his children. However, father HATES Ares! Especially because of his eternal rivalry with Athena... We ALL know she has ALWAYS been father's favorite. Besides the fact that Zeus always feared being overthrown and Ares was the most violent and rebellious towards him, some times Ares would just do it out of spite. It was hysterical!

I hand over the sleeping pup to Mónica while she shakes her head smiling in disbelief.

"I must say Alpha, you are quite skilled with the pups, can we help you or do want a job?" I feel very at ease with her in charge of the pups, I can't wait to make more to send her way! She puts my nephew in his crib while I go pick up Jade.

"No, thank you ladies, I just came to hang out with this little lady, it's ok." They smile while going to wake Nyma for her bottle.

The past female Alphas of The Osupa, had denied their mates keep their title of Alpha... Izz decided that since she is mostly referred to as Cacique, she wanted me to KEEP the title. She saw that both the reigns of Kiskeya and Ayiti were VERY short lived and has a theory:

"They MUST have done something wrong... They had no Luna, taking that natural nurturing need away from the pack and THEY couldn't grant it because they were Alphas. Isla will remain the heart of the pack, but the pack Link needs the Ying and Yang of both feminine and masculine to rule, without balance we invite chaos. I need you to keep your title my Love and I will keep Cacique, what do you think? That way we maintain that cosmic balance in the pack." What do you think? I started asking for the guy's opinions later on, the more time I spend with her the more I notice that she's ALWAYS done this, this is not Phi, this is Loiza...

Like most rulers, especially Alphas, Elf Kings and Fae Kings just order their commands, Phi would consult grandmother, Artemis and me, she also listened to Hades, Persephone and Hera... Other than that, it was HER way, and she wouldn't ask for an opinion... Neither would I... we were so fucking arrogant! Hers has been melting away for some time, I need a bit more work.

Ironically, contrary from what people believe, Vampire Blood Kings DO have a more democratic system... Izz spent a great deal with the Lady Ziggy in her time in Avalon whom also mentored Yaya and Yaya is another Priestess that marches to her own beat. She was the key person who insisted that power should go to Izz and Gaia cemented it. I have read Orwell's second report and it's very promising...

I inhaled the sweet scent of my little princess and even though she was asleep I started telling her about her auntie Artemis and her adventures with the Amazon warriors. Danika sits down on another chair feeding my little niece and Mónica sits by us taking a break.

"Alpha, I didn't know you spoke Greek!" Danika said in a hushed voice. I just wink at them both I'm not really in the mood for explaining anything, I just want to imprint as much on my daughter as possible. Pups are already born with their mothers imprint, they were inside them after all, Izzy's scent will always live in her memory as well as Deacon whom she shared a womb with. Now I have to make sure that when she returns from Avalon, my scent will be familiar to her and one that brings soothing memories and comfort. Hopefully this will avoid the trouble Izzy had when she returned, we will have to teach all the kids while she's away, I will need Urayoán's help with that.

I dozed off before dawn with Jade firmly in my arms.

"Hey Alpha, this little girl needs to eat." I felt her waking me softly playing with one of my curls and giving me many kisses on my cheek. I smiled before opening my eyes. Danika was alone assisting Izzy and Morgana on feeding the pups and it seems Deacon is full, so we switch. DAMN how big is he going to get?! He's so alert and his grip is very strong! I take in his soothing scent and kiss my son.

"I'm going over to the house later for brunch with Isla and Orocobix, do you want to go take them with Freya and Marcus to work on their swimming Beloved?" I smile at that. I remember the images of them in the Mermaid Lagoon and how ridiculous I got about them being naked! Ha!

"Yeah! Definitely!" She knows Jade will go to Avalon but not that she smells like her underwater, this will give me a chance to talk with Pasha. "I'll take care of it, just stay focused and don't forget that if either Selene or Gaia mated them it has to have a purpose. Get the information you must, but remember that you really have no say anymore, the moment they received the Blessing of the Goddess their past transgressions are gone. Ok?" She rocks Jade a bit while feeding her... I've always loved watching her feed our children. She sighs and nods in reluctant acceptance. She looks up at me and smiles, those dimples always make me melt.

"You guys are too fucking adorable! Sorry about the Block Kayden, but I was following orders here!" Morgana nods at Izz and Izz rolls her eyes.

"It's fine Morgana, it helped me out too!" Yeah! It made me remember that living without her wasn't an option, it wasn't a luxury, it wasn't desire, it was LIFE. And the fact that she's preparing for the attack of a god means she DOES feel threatened, she would rather die than return to Poseidon and if she dies there's really no point on me returning. Hades has a place in Elysium for us... Our souls are those of deities, we don't go to Selene's realm.

"Listen to me carefully my boy, He WILL look for her, He will figure out one way or another what you did, if you were to run out of options you can always stay here. He can't enter my realm without my authorization, just like none of US can enter Avalon in our inmortal bodies... Here you can both be together, I would rather have my 'dear' brother here in that tank though. But if neither Gaia or Selene have another plan, know that you two have a Plan B. And remember, don't betray Hera, as much as she loves Phi, she DESPISES you, so keep peace with her son, I was surprised our Great Mother told me WHERE to collect you and Amphitrite." He had even mentioned being worried she would change her mind before reaching The Underworld rushing his dark chariot. I remember how serious he looked as he rushed commanding his black steeds to hurry.

He took us with Persephone and Artemis to see the place he has for us in Elysium and it was exactly like our home in the shores of The Aegean. This would be our final resort and we were both ok with it.

"Thank you Uncle, I think that it may eventually come to that." He shook me by my shoulders with an angry frown.

"NO! Don't think like that either, do you hear me boy?! It's a LAST resort! Focus on LIVING NOW... Once in my realm there's no return Apollo, NONE! Now that you're no longer a God is when you have to be at your STRONGEST! I'm giving you a final solution to give you peace of mind, not for you to accept defeat!" He always knew how to give a pep talk... As the ruler of Death, he never allowed defeat, as Death ALWAYS wins in the end.

"Morgana, have you met Endora?" Grandmother really went hard on her interrogation of Endora, but there was no need. I had already done a background check on her and another after I awoke... Her Coven cast her out over a misunderstanding and a mistake who left mostly Endora herself scarred.

"I have, she's been helping with particular rites and rituals, I'll continue to teach her. If Maddame LaCroix is granted sanctuary it would be really healthy for both of us! I really could use some Coven love and be able to perform rituals and Calling the Corners!" She gives Izzy a cheeky look from the corner of her eye.

"Morgana, I have people checking them besides what Orwell and his team found, ok? That's why Phoebe isn't on island, we are mobilizing everything we have before the humans catch their bearings. So far so good, and I am inclined to allow them to come, but I want to know what brought on this war... Also, to be honest, the Shrines for The Orishas are in rough shape, I want them looking good. Víctor has Shomari's family working on that, but you know how many there are all over the island. Contact Adele, if Maddame LaCroix herself pledges the Coven and are willing to help with that project, besides everything else we require, I don't see any problem for them to come sooner. Deal?" Maddame Adele LaCroix has been around for some time but REAL witches don't become famous in the human world. Morgaine LeFay is an exception because it's very difficult to silence and kill the name of a Legend.

"Thank you Izzy! I will portal over myself and join Phoebe and relay your request. I will ensure that everything is in order! It's going to be very good for this little one to grow up with that part of his culture. He's a Beta through and through, yet I can feel the power of my grandmother's blood in him, with more witches we can help guide him to avoid him from being consumed by her darkness. I couldn't bear another Mortiana..." She becomes silent, we can sense her embarrassment and her eyes glazing over.

"Morgana... you, Marcus and myself are not guilty of what our so called family did. I KNOW how you feel, my parents not only did what they did, they had plans for the destruction of Blood Moon if it went south. Marcus and I were just as expendable... Our own fucking parents! We didn't see it at ALL! They were very good to us as long as they held the reigns... I was a fool to believe my father named me Alpha early to guide me, he just wanted two indentured servants to administer their wealth!" I feel the pain of their betrayal. I don't remember ever being born to parents like THEM... To grow up in a mirage of a happy, stable family... I do thank them for Marcus, he's been my anchor and yeah, I'm really happy that he's mated to Natalia. So it's like I get to keep my best friend close by.

Izzy shifts her gaze to catch any reaction from her, Morgana is in deep though holding her son firmly to her breast and he's ravenous but she's calm and looks down at the hungry little bundle in her arms.

"Thanks Kayden... That fucking bitch KNEW I was HERE! She was a fucking Priestess! She even visited us before Grandma passed and even got a Blessing from her and Mom! She didn't bat an eye knowing that she could kill me AND my baby! It's just so embarrassing, how COULD she do this?!" I can already feel that the pup is receiving her distress. It's different for witches and she WILL need more than just Endora to help mold the new mutation. Izzy caught it fast and told Danika to retrieve the pup while her Light of Serenity shone through her sleeve.

I hope grandmother doesn't find anything out of the ordinary with this Coven... Both Bayoán and Morgana will need their help. I look at the pup in Danika's arms and I to can sense the powerful blood of Morgaine LeFay in his veins...
###chapter 171: The New Law
Loiza's POV


It's so fucking awkward that it's really messing with my head...

We have been sitting at the table for a bit now, Orocobix and Isla are holding to each other's hand for dear life. He looks embarrassed and Isla is trembling, her tears haven't stopped falling, not affecting the beauty of her face.

After a while I can't take it anymore and the Dinning Hall glows yellow. We all start feeling better, but I really don't want to talk first... I really don't want to at ALL.

"Ok, I guess this definitely falls upon my Patriarch duties... Um... Alright! Ok, so I'm pretty sure that Tía told you both that we know EVERYTHING right?" Awesome! Maco knows how I would be sensitive towards anything that would have to do with Mamá. Tali and I are sitting side by side holding our own hands tightly giving each other as much comfort and support as possible.

"Yes Aymaco, we are aware. I imagine you all have questions?" Orocobix is the one who speaks as he puts his arm around Isla protectively. It actually gives me comfort.

"Yeah, no shit! I'm so over all the bullshit secrets already! So let's start with the SIMPLEST... You ARE our Abuelo, right?" I agree with Nina on this, we must stop with the secrets within OUR family!

"Yes Guanina mija... I'm sorry for keeping it from you, but I swore to your mother I wouldn't say anything! I kept my distance but I couldn't refuse a command from my Cacique... I'm sorry." He looked so gloomy but held his composure.

"Mami's DEAD, didn't you think maybe WE would like to know the truth?!" Nía's rage is spiking through with some tears of her own... Yet at this Orocobix's composure falters and it's Isla who starts cooing him and cradling the huge man in her own arms! Ok, there's more here.

"I'm sorry mija! I wanted to... But after so many years of being shunned I didn't want to embarrass you and get another door shut on my face!" He gave me a glance before bowing his head in submission... He even went to my office after the meeting so that I would figure it out myself and was acting demanding, but he was leaving bread crumbs!

"Have others rejected you?" I ask softly and carefully. After what Abuela did to him... To USE him at such a young age... She was a LUNA for Goddesses sake! He's never had a mate, he's been used and even RAPED for his looks... He might have become a ladies man and did all he did, but it started somewhere! I imagine all the women he impregnated didn't want to acknowledge he was the father of their pups. Yet he basically threatened Abuela to be able to be near his daughter! Still my question broke him.

"All mija... The only reason I was able to be near your mother was because Beatriz knew I would not hesitate. Kiskeya was my THIRD child! If Agüebaná wanted to kill me, so be it! If he found out Beatriz knew she would be dead soon, she wasn't going to give up her life so easily, so she yielded. If Agüebaná wouldn't have killed her, her family would have, you know that the Verdejos are a small family. They wouldn't have had the resources to hide this, especially when she held such a high rank! Her father demanded she endure all of Agüebaná's transgressions since they were prospering with her as Luna." He rubbed his forehead anxiously.

We never really had any interaction with the Verdejos that are left, they were mostly Deltas. I asked Maco what he remembers of her and he said that he rarely saw her and when he did she barely looked at him.

"The mother of the first denied ever KNOWING me! Let's just say the lady is from a strong family with a lot of influence, basically they all are! Except Beatriz... I WAS going to make sure to definitely be close to Kiskeya, she was the only one I had any leverage. And even when I told my father he refused to believe that I had the capacity to impregnated a female who was not my mate and not in heat, let alone a Luna and much less an Alpha! You think I ever enjoyed being called El Guapo and all the other things they called me?! Some might love it, but it's humiliating! Still everybody found out about other children, and still none of the mothers wanted me near MY children! And then to make it worse I'd never found my mate until NOW! Cacique, I forgave Isla a LONG time ago, if you must punish someone punish ME, before she turned 18 I took her to bed before she found her mate, that was truly shameful and unforgivable!" My Goddesses! What has been done to this man?! Why hasn't his family found help for him?

We all look at each other in shock, does he really think that we are blaming him? That we would reject him?! Is that what our other cousins have done to him? Ura is very shaken and goes get the liquor and weed. Nía, comes over at me in a pleading way.

I hush her and take her in my arms!

"Is that what they have done? Have they rejected you?! Even our cousins? Abuelo you will name them to me! All of this has to be genetically corrected! How can these records be tampered with? This is the most corrupt thing I have ever heard us do. We can absolutely steal from humans, take revenge on our enemies, but to reject our own?! This cannot remain legal in any way shape or form, you hear me Bayoán?! I want a draft of a law that absolutely prohibits such a horrible thing! Injecting lies into our pack? This is madness. I think I know how Marcus felt when we found out that they were holding slaves! I bet my ass this is exactly how they felt and it's HUMILIATING!" I stand up and Ura hands me a shot of vodka and a blunt. I take it and calm down a bit. Big shots The Osupa are just as trash as the rest!

"How was such a thing ALLOWED?" I asked Ayiti, but she looks over at Isla. And again the roles reverse of Abuelo protecting her!

"Will you two fucking STOP it for Goddesses sake?!" I take another shot and a good puff of that dubbie, good stuff!

"Nobody is dying, nobody is being banished and nobody is rejecting none of you two freako's asses! So calm the fuck down okay?" I don't know if this is one of the most bizarre situations I've ever been in, at least when I met Pasha it wasn't awkward.

"You're not angry mija?" Oh my Goddess Mamá...

"Mamá... I am pissed as FUCK! Like seriously you have no idea, remember all those other times when you told ME that YOU were DISAPPOINTED in something I did? Well, Ha! How the tables have turned! You are by the skin of your teeth mija! You are absurdly lucky that the Goddesses decided to mate both of you and wash away both of your own sins! So you guys can really give yourself a good pat on the back because you must have done SOMETHING right somewhere! With that being said we're not shunning you... Whatever you dumbasses did before apparently it didn't have any major consequences... Either way I do want a law against this Bayoán." He stands up and goes to our Abuelo and shakes his forearm before embracing them both.

"As you command Cacique! Yeah that kind of practice takes away information from our database! We have to readjust all of our DNA sequences! We create most of our meds and potions with this information! It's a miracle that none of us uses meds often, but the cloaking sprays are what worries me... We wear them ALL the time! And even if our other cousins do not want to acknowledge him, it still has to go in the database either way, this is VERY IRRESPONSIBLE! How much did our father know that he allowed such a thing?!" Bayoán's brain can't even compute! Yeah, no shit! These idiots were playing with our LIVES for their pride!

"I'm sorry mijo, but your father knew. Kiskeya couldn't hide her scent always, especially from her mate... For her, he would do anything she wanted. Your father was very good to my little girl! He knew... He didn't care for her past or her blood! For him, she was the air he breathed and even though they butted heads on many things, they still loved each other enough to have six successful Heats! This is not a small thing you can hide from your mate." No, it isn't. Of course Dad must have known.

"Was he counting on the Guerrero bloodline for his plan for the expansion of our family Abuelo? And yes I will recognize you as my own flesh and blood in front of the pack! I will ensure that the Guerrero family name be in my linage, so please mention to your father that his Cacique COMMANDS he receive us as soon as possible. Not only that, we also mean business..." He stands up and comes over to bow at my feet for such an honor and recognition among the tribe... I allow it. It will always help him remember who is the one placing him in such a place of power and I can imagine that he has been yearning to stick it to his family for decades. But I already know the powerful alliance that can be garnished between our families, and as the mentor to the strongest Alpha of her time, he knows that I know.

"You honor me Cacique! I vow my life to you, my own flesh and blood! I also beg for your Blessing for my union to the Luna and hope that you could wipe that memory of her from your mind mija, please." He is on one knee with his head bowed low and both hands covering his face, not daring to meet my gaze... Our most humble gesture of submission. I've only ever seen it done once and it was Gúarionex to Moira... He is pledging his life to me and his only request is that I don't banish Isla from my heart. As if that were even possible.

"Please stand Abuelo and please no more formalities among us. I accept your pledge, but you may ask for anything else..." I look at Isla. "Your other request is moot, I could never grant that. I can never forget what she did but it's not for me to forgive her for it, as to your concern for the place she holds in my heart, that hasn't changed... I join in the joy of your mating!" I stand up still holding Tali's hand. She lets go and goes to Mamá, I look up at my grandfather's light brown eyes... By the Goddess! Just like Maco's! Maco always had dozens of girls swooning over him but besides a few that we knew of, including a human, he was focused on finding his mate. When I said that Amelia had nabbed a hottie with Maco it wasn't just because he's my brother... Even though he IS my brother I KNOW he looks GOOD! I have to see pictures of Abuelo younger!

I look at my brother with a little bit of worry... Was Dad aware of their likeness and that's why he always kept him busy? It's something he WOULD do. I know I would... Kayden is very worried about Deacon but now that we are somewhat awake I know he will guide him well, I'm not worried. All of our children were doting towards their mates and were very meticulous in who they enjoyed their time with before finding their them. Now I REALLY want to meet my dear great grandfather...

I go to Isla as we are taking in BOTH of their scents and welcome them to our filial Bond and hug her...

"Luna no more mischief like that from you! You're too old for that mija!" As I hug her I make sure to let her understand...

"You WILL make amends! We forgive you and you KNOW that as much as I love you, rape to ANY gender at any age is an unforgivable act. You WILL ensure to create more education towards this and correct this behavior in the pack and you WILL ensure that EVERY living descendants he has, along with the women he had them are commanded to present themselves before me. Is that understood Luna?" She kneels before me... Shit! It hurts badly! But I have to allow it to run its course, this thing must be done this way. After I allow the minimum time for her to kneel in submission I raise her tearstained face and take a clean napkin and start drying her face and kiss her forehead.

"I know that you will never break my heart again." She clinged to my waist.

"I swear Mi Pequeña! I was a stupid kid---" I shushed her.

"I know. It's in the past and your place in my heart has not changed, right Tali?" I give her a look... 'A little help here? I can't stand to see her kneeling like this!' Talia helps her stand.

"Your command is fair and merciful Cacique, I vow to do my best to ensure that such an unfortunate event doesn't occur again and set a better example worthy of the place of respect and power you have allowed for me. I swear on the Bones of my ancestors and those of my own son, your brother by milk, that I will never fail you again." I needed to sit after that, but I had to stay standing. For humans these might be empty words... For us, it's a sacred vow. If she were to break it, the bones she vowed would be desecrated by nature, the Earth would spit out every single grain out and not allow them to rest in peace. And she included Yadiel... Tali kept observing me, she felt my distress.

"I accept your vow Luna and I trust that you will fulfill it as you have done with the diligence you have displayed since the day you became Luna when mated to Alpha Gúarionex." We hold both each other's hands and she nods silently looking down. I lift her chin so she can see me in the eyes.

"Keep your head up Mamá, you're Luna of The Osupa and I need you to keep doing your duty, ok?" She kissed my hands.

"Yes mija!" She says with more strength in her voice and Abuelo goes to her and I let her go so he can take her in his arms. Bayo and Nía hugged him, but I'm not ready... It looks like the others aren't ready either. As his Alpha he does need my comfort though, not that the others aren't important, but by our Primal animal he craves my acknowledgment. I cup his face with my hand and I feel the moisture of lone tear running down my thumb and feel his deep loneliness. Not one? Not a single one of his children or grandchildren have acknowledged him? He is in awful pain. He timidly put his hand over mine... Did he think I would strike it away?

"Bayoán, link Elder Juan Guerrero at once and tell him he and his heir that they are to receive us at Lobo Azul at noon tomorrow. This is a private family mater for now." He gives me a sinister smirk and gets to it. I need to know what happened...
###chapter 172: The Lonesome Admiral
Loiza's POV


I was in no mood for anyone right now, I just want to go to The Lagoon and play with my babies and kiss my man... Maybe get something more. Unfortunately...

"Cacique, there's a supplicant waiting for you in the Throne Room." Jana intersected me.

"Who Beta?" Ugh!

"Admiral Casimar and Commander Hatuey..." She said with a more careful tone... UGH!

"I'm on my way!" I say with gritted teeth, I'm not getting all prissy and prim for those two!

"Do you want me to go with you Cacique?" I was already on my way with my back to her.

"Don't worry about this Jana, they're MINE!" I say with a slight growl.

"Oooookaaaay, link if you need anything..." I know she was silently thanking the Goddess for sparing her that.

I walk in and they're both waiting standing... They wait like that until I reach the Dujo and sit. Alpha switch, on...

"Welcome to you both! What an honor to have such esteemed guests. How may I be of service to you Admiral?" I don't even look at Hatuey. He looks at his brother and when no response was achieved, Casimar grabbed Hatuey by his scruff and shoved him to the floor of the second platform, Hatuey stayed down in submission to his brother and to me.

"Cacique, I have come as Head of my family to beg for mercy and forgiveness for this moron's actions! I swear on the bones of my--" I cut him off. I don't want anyone swearing on the bones of their ancestors over a fucking CAR!

"There's no need for you to put the souls of your ancestors in such a questionable position over a car Admiral. Hatuey, because of your own show of dishonor I am demoting you from the rank of commander to lieutenant, you're going to have to EARN that position again. Is that understood?" I say as calmly as I can. What is a car compared to someone's LIFE?! I know WHY he did it and I'm not going to ruin his life and career over something so trivial, hell yeah I was pissed, but I am Cacique and I already abuse that power more than I feel comfortable with.

"I understand Cacique! I still plead forgiveness and am full of gratitude for your mercy--" I could always still gut him from nose to naval and he's still groveling?!

"Oh, SHUT UP Hatuey! I can always change my mind and take your ass down to colonel or strip you of rank all together! Just get out of my sight and stay THERE for a good while, LIEUTENANT! Now leave!" I say that last part with a hiss, yet when Casimar bows to take his leave with his brother...

"Not YOU Admiral. I haven't dismissed YOU." He looks up at me with a hint of anger and fear. That little anger has been a thorn in my ass and it ends now! I stand up and walk down the steps passing by him.

"Follow me..." I hear him take a deep breath before he follows me into my office and I raise the sound barrier. I sit down and offer a chair so he could sit as well.

"I'm going to cut through the bullshit Casimar... What the fuck is wrong with you?! Are you still pissed at me? Because last time we spoke we had agreed to be friends, what changed?" I will fucking command him to spill it if necessary.

He shuts his eyes tightly and rubs his face.

"I guess NOTHING changed to begin with, not one to mince words once you found your voice huh Izz?! I fucking LOVED you, I could always smell Víctor ALL OVER your body, I could smell he had more... Access to you than I ever did! I never said shit! I had hoped that the Goddess would grant my prayers and that you would be MINE and rub it in everyone's face! And now you're MATED with two pups!" His beautiful yellow eyes turn silver, Kali was pleading.

How can I stay angry at Isla when I did stupid things when I was younger too. I also used men, I didn't do anything like what she did but I knew they loved me. I remember how the gorgeous and powerful Captain Casimar would parade me full of pride at his arm. He too had many admirers, hell! I was one of them! Back then I was regarded with respect because of my rank, but I still barely talked and Nina was causing havoc to our family name... He was the Admiral's son, General Braka's nephew! Yet when I arrived from a mission my room would be full of red roses from him, and then there was the clothes he would buy that he wanted me to wear to take me out. Like if I was a damn doll he could dress up to his taste, I loved the flowers... The dressing me how he liked irked me. Still, he was so gentle, it was an alluring sight... This massive 6'9" wolf coaxing me gently to say a few words while stroking my hair and kissing were he wanted to Mark me. It was very sweet... I LOVED his touch. But he was never as bold as Víctor and I was very inexperienced...

"Casi, I'm sorry about Víctor. We BOTH had suitors---" He stood up in anger! I allow it, he has the right to be angry.

"Fuck that Izzy! I NEVER betrayed you! I WORSHIPED the ground you stepped on! I was fucking TERRIFIED when the blast happened, I knew you would do EVERYTHING even dying if it came to that! I STILL would go to my altar in my cabin and beg for the Goddess to reconsider!" And this ladies and gentlemen is why keeping things bottled up is a terrible idea. I looked at his distress in silence. I'm trying to find the right words to say.

"Your right, you were true to me, I never scented anyone else on you. Casi, I was 16 years old! I'm barely 20 NOW! You WERE true to me, but when you were that age then, you had SEVERAL girls with whom you had your own fun with DIDN'T YOU? You were 22 by the time WE were together and were banking on our family's influence to pay off a Goddess! What? Did you think I didn't know? You had your own fun and wanted to SETTLE with me! I KNOW you loved me, didn't you feel that I LOVED you?!" He started to look uncomfortable...

"At least Víctor was HONEST with me ALL the time. He didn't parade me like a prize, his family doesn't have the same influence as yours or mine, he ALSO loved me! And yet it was with you that I had hoped we could stay friends and lo and behold, it's with him I feel at ease! A relationship that even became violent! We have found common ground because in spite of everything, Víctor actually UNDERSTOOD me! I STILL love him, only that the nature of that love has changed!" I slide my hand over my hair restless smoothing my braid.

"I did feel that you loved me Izz, I will always cherish those memories... I just didn't understand why would you not be true to ME!" He says softly full of melancholy... I have no power over what my heart wants, my nature as Amphitrite was SEARCHING for Apollo and in my subconscious I tied that search to Víctor... Everything he did seemed like what I was searching for, even though I didn't know yet that I was searching for anything. However the gentle side of Casimar and the yellow of his eyes would be a reminder that neither one was what I was searching for. I was so confused...

"Casi, I wasn't what you thought I was. You treated me like I was this delicate thing, and don't get me wrong... I really liked it. I LOVED walking by your side! I too was hopeful for a match, I had hoped that maybe if we were mated you would understand me better, that you would stop nagging me about going off Island on missions. Not once did you ask your father to add me to the crew for a mission. You KNEW what I could do and that I didn't need a babysitter, yet that's how you made me feel, even after I TOLD you to stop! Are you still angry about Víctor? I know you knew there really wasn't anything between Yadiel or Bruno and I... So it MUST be JUST Víctor. I told you before, Víctor understood me from the start! He didn't need to be mated to me by a deity to watch and OBSERVE how I liked and didn't like to be treated. He took into consideration the fact that I was still coming out from my shell. He didn't hide strategy and ugly facts from me, he treated me like I was his EQUAL! Do you have any idea how ALIVE it made me feel?! I knew that he even DEPENDED on me, he would consult tactics with me, we would study each other's notes, he made me feel he NEEDED me!" He stands up full of frustration and punches the stone wall cracking it with a growl... Dumbass! He must have broken a few fingers!

"Your paying for that Admiral, I'll send you the bill! Casimar, what does it matter now? You said it yourself, I have a mate! Víctor has a mate, he's my Beta and my friend and MY MATE knows EVERYTHING... Even about YOU. I can apologize, AGAIN, for how I behaved while I was your intended. You saw my ENTIRE body, you SAW I hadn't gone beyond what is expected of my station and rank, you KNEW that as a Priestess there would be lines I wouldn't cross! But Casimar, I can't apologize for being MATED with Kayden! So tell me Admiral... What CAN I do NOW that will breach this gap? Casi, your my Admiral, are you still so angry at me that even after your so called fright for my life, Hatuey, whom you KNOW I adore... Well not right now... Would steal my Abuelo's car?! WHY?!" He's rubbing his hand, I bet he broke his little finger again... Sigh.

I reach out to him so he can pass me his hand, I used to always fix it for him and speed his healing. His right punch is VERY powerful, so much so that even his own bones can't take it sometimes, especially depending on the surface. His eyes are glazing over, I really hope that he accepts that this is how it IS. Even in great pain, we must accept what happened and move on when there is no other recourse, to keep trying to change the placement of a mountain will lead you to it carry forever...

"Casi, please... Let me help you, I won't order you. I can't carry these bricks for you cariño." I hope that we can still hold on to that 'cariño' we have for each other. There are dozens of ways of saying love in Spanish... It's such an important part of our culture. The specific words you use for it determines the context in which you refer to that particular kind of love. Many languages have just one word for love, we have dozens! Because there are hundreds of ways to love, all different and particular and some have nothing to do with passion and lust, even though some began that way.

He begrudgingly sits down with that handsome scowl of his and a small pout... I really had to hold my giggle! I take his hand and focus on his bones and the water around it and...

"CLACK!"

"OW! I swear you did that on purpose Izz!" Ha!

"Your damn right!" I reach out again to strengthen the knuckle tendons. He gives me his hand again.

"Izz, I didn't encourage Hatuey to do a natural moronic Hatuey action! I swear... You know what an idiot he can be. He was dumped too, so he's a little prickly!" Really? Dumped?
###chapter 173: Impotence to Change What Is
Loiza's POV


"Hey! I didn't actually dump you, we weren't MATES and what would be the point after? We already know the stories; they become Chosen Mates and then they find their True Mate and then there's all this heartbreak and drama. We had already sworn this to each other Casi! You know how I was raised, they don't allow childish bullshit like that in Avalon. You follow the way of the Goddess PERIOD, you SAW how Víctor himself took it! We HATED each other, dude! I didn't want that for us, I still don't! Will I have to wait for you to find your mate for YOU to do your duty and deal with me?! By the Goddesses's Mercy Casi, have I LOOKED happy to you this past year?! I still did my duty with HOPE, but those childish romantic notions are just that! A fairy tail and fae are tricky as fuck! You let me know if you want me to go into detail, maybe knowing how MISERABLE I have been will make you feel better! I have done my duty admiral, grow the fuck up and do yours!" I'm already not well at ALL! Kayden is at the door and I run into his arms. Casimar looks like a deer in headlights afraid of a misunderstanding.

"Alpha, I assure you nothing improper happened between the Cac--" He shushes me and lets me draw in his scent with that of the pups and... Pasha?

"It's fine Admiral, I understand, I also had to have a serious discussion with the MANY women of my own past. Everything I had was just lust, nothing more... Nothing really to hash out. Except for the one that I had to take her head for being a Puta Slaver! Remember baby?" Dumbass is trying to make me laugh. A Puta Slaver? Seriously? Ha! I thought he was going to lose his sanity that day!

"Yes, I remember. How could I forget! It's not like I thought you were going to lose your mind that day and stab me with a cursed blade!" Casi stands and looks at Kayden more closely.

"You carry her Mark? You carry Gaia's Mark? You are her Executioner?" Kayden shows him the Mark. His yellow eyes turn from the Mark to Kayden's eyes and then back to me.

He sits down and Kayden holds me from behind.

"How's it feeling so far? I heard that even your physiology changed..." I look at Kayden and tell him to go back, I want this done. He kisses my hands and my mouth deeply marking his territory. Sigh... He goes back to what I assume is The Lagoon.

I sit down... "It feels like I'm a fucking prisoner! I hope your happy! I'm going to be everything you wanted for me... Stay on Island and pop up a half dozen pups!" Ugh!

"Yo! That's really unfair Izzy! I didn't want that for you! I even wanted to MARRY you! I wan---" Ugh!

"You KEEP saying what YOU WANTED PENDEJO! What about what I WANTED! Kayden is going into deep training to catch up to OUR standards so that HE can be escort for me outside! Would YOU have done that? PLEASE Casimar Reyes Miranda! Don't insult my intelligence! You know DAMN well that I'm here because I have worked my ass off for it... Or at least to be a good agent." I would have made an awful Doña Mirabal de Reyes. I think it finally hits him...

"Casi, with how your Mom is... Dude! We would have been miserable! Look at what happened with Kayden and myself! Do you think your mom would have gone full psychopath to achieve that type of untimely withdrawal from the family?" Even if she's only his biological mother, Kayden and Marcus feel awful for what happened. There are nights I dream with what happened and he sees it, after he makes sure that I am okay he has to walk out and smoke a joint and have a few bottles of wine. I had to command him to stop kicking himself and see it as an outside attack. Now that they're here and feel more invested in the island, the harder it is for them to come to terms with it. I have to return to therapy myself... I can't keep reliving this through dreams, I have to let go... It's hurting my mate terribly.

Casimar chuckles... His mother can be annoying as FUCK! But she's no traitor. Karaya itself will always be the LARGEST and most valuable Legacy the Reyes family has given our tribe. They are the ones along with the Spogels navigation systems, who found Karaya. It makes no sense to stain the name that earns you such high status in a pack. It's self sabotage.

"That MUST be rough... I couldn't imagine if Mami ever did something like that... What I wanted? I guess once again The Raven is the great Lady Loiza of Avalon!" He says in a joking manner. I didn't like it back then and I don't like it now. I am full on deadpan. He notices and suddenly he stops chuckling.

"Ugh! You SEE that right THERE?! I used to want to punch your face in every time you did that! I want to do it NOW! The only difference is that NOW I can actually KILL YOU with a THOUGH! I TOLD you how much it sucked! You know what Casi...? I JUST NOW am being REALLY happy for the first time EVER! I am fucking sick and tired of coddling ALL of you and making sure that all of YOUR feelings are intact and to hell with what I have GIVEN UP! Fuck your WANT! I would have wanted to grow up HERE and have a normal childhood! Every weekend I see the children be CHILDREN! I had three days per year that we still had to negotiate! For what?! THIS?! Do YOU want to give it a TRY Casimar? I can tell you right now that the freedom that you enjoy in the open seas will be denied to you inside this guilded cage!" He looks shocked.

"Izz! I'm sorry! I didn't mean it that way, you know I was joking!" I am on him in a second and grab his chin and bring him down to my level.

"I fucking TOLD YOU a LONG time ago that I DETEST those jokes! Were you not paying attention those 8 times or did you just not give a shit! It has to be one or the other! Sigh... Casimar, is THIS what YOU want? If you haven't noticed we have a healthy list of enemies. Do you want to continue to be our Admiral or will I be receiving your resignation? Because guess what motherfucker, I'm NOT GOING ANYWHERE and I can't have a pouty, grumpy Admiral every meeting until he finds the mate who will get him out of his moodiness! I was the one who asked for Víctor to be Beta despite knowing how pissed he was at me because I knew he would be the best for the job. I accepted your appointment because I knew you would be the best at it, but tell me now if you don't think you can do it." He nodded rubbing his shaved head. Why would he shave it? He always left some short locks to his mohawk dreadlocks that he braided. It was strictly a Reyes look and he looked damn fine with it!

"SHIT! Izz I can do this, ok? I'm seeing Sandro directly. Are we still picking up the Coven? I was thinking that I could bring all the cars from Blood Moon and whatever else the Coven needs, you know to make up for Hatuey? I know what that car means to you. It will be nice to feel the presence of The Orishas a bit stronger, I still remember how strong Mami Wata's presence would be when I would take you fishing. The sea always LOVED you, maybe that's why it's so hard to let you go. Gimme a break Izzy, yeah I had my fun with women before you, but after... Shit..." He folds over. What's his problem? And I feel it... He's aroused! Shit is right!

"Casi? Do you want me to get Daniella?" He nods.

"Some Jading potion would be nice!" I link her and she's on her way.

"Fine! Izz every fucking time I smell you or just see you I start remembering holding your body naked to mine--" Ugh! Hurry up with that potion!

"OOOOOKAAAAY, I'm going to stop you right there! I REALLY don't want this information!" He rolls his eyes and bites his lower lip and I can clearly see his erection... I have touched him and he is HUGE, I would salivate everytime he would allow me to play with it... One of the reasons why I was disappointed when I didn't get him, there's a lucky woman getting that sometime.

"Do you think this is fun for me babe?! You're Cacique for Goddess sake! Your face is everywhere! I can't believe I left the fucking potion home!" I want to laugh, but I don't dare. For him to have such a strong physical reaction he must have been REALLY hopeful to be mated with me. 

Daniella comes in with the potion and manipulates the water inside the blood of his erection easing his need and pain.

"Admiral remember to carry the potion, I'm going to recommend that you're sessions with Sandro be doubled, it's alright Cacique. We have had cases like this before and it's very possible that with the new information we have that you carry the Lycan mutation. The Reyes family carries it to but just like with most active genes being present in the Delta rank. Admiral, I'm going to have more detailed testing or your genome." This could explain this... For a male to reach this level of arousal from a MATED female is unheard of.

"If that's true his body must be desperate to procreate! Casi I'm putting you on leave for treatment for this! Why hasn't Sandro ordered it already? Have you gone to The District for release? For you Adriana would do it for free! I remember how much she hated me when she would see us together!" I know I'm blabbering right now, I can't help it when I'm awkwardly nervous like this. It's like this day never ends!

"Seriously izz that's not helpful. And yeah I've gone to The District, but once I have a woman in front of me it goes away!" Well I'm certainly not solving his problem!

"We're soon going to bring another pack, almost 3,500... Casi I don't know what to do about this!" Daniella hands him a few more bottles and a new therapy schedule before leaving.

"Don't put me on leave Izzy, please. It's always better when I'm off Island and I can keep looking for my mate." Fair enough.

"Fine. But can you perform your duty?" He really is the best, he can read the ocean almost as well as me.

"I won't fail you Cacique... For what it's worth Izz, I don't think I could be the Alpha you are. Kayden is a lucky man, he got the most precious pearl in The Caribbean... I'll take Hatuey with me, keep him out of your line of sight... It'll give me a chance to slap him around for a bit. I'm just grateful that it's you and not some huge chismosa, this is humiliating." As if!

"And what makes you think I won't tell everyone about this?!" He smiles making his features exceptional.

"That's not your style Izz... I always loved that about you. You always were good at keeping secrets, I'll keep working on this." There's no way I would be able to sleep at night if word about this would get out because of me. Still...

"Casi, it's not humiliating either way you know. Your body is giving a natural biological response... Fine, you'll continue your duties, follow Sandro's instructions to a T or I'll cut off your sea legs Admiral, savvy?" I really need to cuddle with Kayden... Who am I kidding?! I need a good fuck from MY MATE to relax all this crazy shit away.

"Savvy Izz." I think we can do this...
###chapter 174: Don Juan
Guanina's POV


We were guided into a large elegant studio, I asked Tony to give me a superficial layout of Lobo Azul but he only knows about the grounds they use for training to the south of the estate. Still, everything in this hacienda is impeccable, with the wealth of the Guerrero's I wouldn't expect anything less, news of our ancestry still hasn't been made public so just Izzy, Maco, Bayo, Abuelo and myself came. 

"Does he usually keep his Alpha waiting Abuelo?" Bayo is starting at a painting of Caguax Guerrero Saint Germaine, from what we know, he had major beef with Imotonex. It's somewhat ironic that we are here... They were never rivals to us and their business never conflicted with ours, although it was Imotonex who intended to enter THEIR territory at sea, but we've never been allies within the tribe, but neither is there bad blood. Outside of the tribe any personal beef is set aside, the PACK ALWAYS comes first. Before our family, before even our children... The PACK ALWAYS GOES FIRST. That's our most important commandment we can't betray. It's what makes us powerful, many packs live for the individual, for us there is no life outside the pack, what Izzy is doing is right! I will back her all the way.

"He is a prideful and old man mijo but he's no traitor, knowing him he probably had one of the pups run up to him, my brother already linked me that they're on their way." It's a huge place, but he was informed about us coming over... He doesn't know why we're here, but we ALL know protocol and if your Cacique tells you that he or she is coming over, you better be the one waiting. But Izz is just sitting down calmly next to Abuelo holding his hand on her lap, we can feel his anxiety through the Bond and she's working her own magic of giving him courage. We're slowly warming up to him and we are kinda pissed at how he has been regarded by his own family... Our family.

The big doors open and in comes Elder Juan and his oldest sons and grandsons. The Guerrero's, like every single family in Karaya is full of mixed ancestry, many times family members don't even look related, we included... Izzy and Lola may look like twins, Ura and Umbros are really alike, Nía is almost a taller version of me, but Maco and Ura don't look like they are brothers at all except for the shape of their mouth and their hands.

So seeing how many physical differences our Abuelo was to his brothers wasn't a surprise for us. 

We all stood except for Izzy, she doesn't have to stand up for anyone and they can't sit until she allows it. Elder Juan was still going strong, he wasn't as impressive as Orocobix, but an Alpha, especially one in charge of the most rigorous training in the island... Yeah, it would make sense that he would work on keeping that powerful look despite his age. His short curly hair now fully grey and white, yet his brown eyes are exactly like Maco's. He and his sons and grandsons kneel before Izz...

"Cacique, you and your family honor this old man and my house with your gracious presence!" Oh please!

'Ugh! Did you see how he looked at Abuelo when they walked in?!' I link my siblings.

'Chill Nina, we did, right now leave this to Izzy.' Bayoán is still looking at the painting looking at bit bored.

Izzy made them stay like that for a bit... Elder Juan's oldest grandson dared raise his head to look at Izz. It looked like his patience was wearing thin.

"What's your name Warrior?" Awesome! It would've been a shame to come over and not get a show! She already saw him and he had no escape... The rest of his Entourage was still kneeling looking down in submission not daring to repeat his own mistake.

"I-- I'm Xavier Mighty Cacique." He went back to his original stance like the others. "I beg forgiveness, I was just curious!" Izz finally stands up and goes to Xavier, he must be a bit OLDER than Maco. He shares my own chestnut curls, a very handsome chiseled face with cutting cheekbones... When Izzy lifted his chin up and commanded him to look at her, his baby blue eyes were trembling. He was clearly terrified, this huge Alpha was scared of his mistake yet Izz's aura was calm, but she didn't comfort them with her Light of Serenity. She was allowing that fear he had to simmer and enter their filial Bond. 

"You were curious? Your looking at me NOW, has your curiosity been satisfied?" Ha! She's going to make him piss himself!

"I-- I, don't..." Izzy just kept looking straight at him.

"Elder Juan, is this the kind of discipline that you teach those who would be your heirs?" He gave his grandson an icy glare.

"Forgive him Cacique, clearly the boy is a simpleton!" Boy?! Oh boy...

"He's NO boy, and still YOU brought a SIMPLETON as part of your entourage to meet WITH ME and my kin?" She's just playing with her dinner now!

"Cacique, please I beg you excu--" She raised her hand for him to shut up and caressed Xavier's cheek confusing him more. But through her touch we all felt the connection, and now the scent of our blood is very clear.

"Elder, please take a seat, all of you. This is your home after all!" She lets go of Xavier and stays standing signaling to Abuelo to stand by her side.

"Elder I have to go over the usual bullshit pomp and circumstance everywhere I go, I hope I don't have to go into such formalities here." All of us are still standing, Bayoán comes over with his hands in his pockets. Izzy wore her hair in the Queen's Braid but she wore one of her favorite dresses that used to belong to Babka from the late 50s. Just a simple black dress, with a full circle skirt right below the knee, a simple jewel neckline and a cute Peter Pan collar with clusters of white orange blossoms embroidered on it and cap sleeves. She wore her favorite Mary Jane shoes, no jewelry, not even the Guanín.

She looked very youthful, although to be fair, she, Nía and Lola inherited Adelola's cupid's bow lips that by the nature of the anatomy of the face, it does give a more youthful appearance, Tali and I have always been jelly! Even though this is Izzy's pre-Cacique style of dressing up, she dressed to NOT look intimidating, she wanted to give the allure of a young girl, however Izz is no fool, she knows she still has to make sure that they know THEIR place. We're here with news that will change their position in the pack, yet the news comes late because of THEIR OWN stupidity of not believing what our Abuelo told them.

I look up at our Abuelo and his eyes are cast down... He's the fucking Cacique's grandfather and has been treated like a whoring pariah most of his life. Nía, Bayo and Maco embraced him immediately, the rest of us are taking it a bit more slowly, but at this moment I feel like Izz must have felt earlier and I take his hand still looking forward. His eyes are still downcast, yet he tightens his grip.

"Cacique, the doors of Lobo Azul are always open to you and yours, we serve the pack and Karaya at your pleasure. As Alphas ourselves we can only imagine the weight of your burden but are delighted to have such a powerful leader and I take the opportunity to thank you for the many sacrifices that you have made for the tribe and extend my condolences for the losses you've endured." If only this dummy knew that it was HIS loss, too. He just couldn't believe Mami was his own flesh and blood.

"I'm happy to hear that Elder and I thank you for your words, they mean MORE than you know. And that's why we're here." Him and his sons and grandsons looked at each other confused.

"I was wondering what this visit means Cacique, it's still an honor to have you here, if you allow I will order the kitchen to prepare a feast in your honor! It's been more than a century since a ruling Alpha stepped foot in our home!" You're about to get a rude awakening old geezer! I tightened my own grip on Abuelo's hand.

"I'm so glad you asked Elder! But the credit to your honor doesn't go to me. Tell me Elder, many decades ago... Did your own, then young son Orocobix tell you as a responsible son of The Osupa should, that he had impregnated my Abuela the Luna Beatriz with my mother Kiskeya?" His sons are a bit ruffled, but Elder Juan kept his gaze steady. I'm a Kappa and I got the scent, as an Alpha his scent is way better than mine... I can cook, but I don't really use scent or taste to cook, I use instinct. Kappas always have the wind whispering to us the secrets it gathers wondering the planet. He also saw that I was holding Abuelo's hand.

"So it was true then?" He gives a cold glare at Abuelo... Big mistake.

"Who the FUCK are you glaring in such a manner Elder?! Are you already going senile that you DARE look at your Cacique's grandfather in such a way?! I can see now why Xavier even though it would be ACCEPTABLE to feed his curiosity of LOOKING at me out of turn!" To Xavier... "Isn't it ironic COUSIN? OUR great grandfather called YOU a simpleton, yet for all the years he should have been working on his demeanor he still couldn't help himself and allowed his eyes to betray him!" To Abuelo... "Raise your head high Abuelo, I Loiza the First, Cacique of The Osupa, walk the Earth our Great Mother has gifted us thanks to your seed. You will no longer cast down your eyes to anybody in THIS or any family." Back to Elder Juan... "Is that CLEAR?!" He's not looking all that chill anymore... He stands up now unsettled. It was him who now cast his gaze down... His sons and grandsons following suit.

"Cacique please, I meant no offense! Please understand! I sent my own subordinates to investigate this! To finally have one of OUR own in THE FORT and be potential Alpha to our tribe would absolutely have brought this house great honor, yet EVERY investigation resulted in a fake allegation!" Well duh!

"The allegations brought to you weren't fake. What was fake was the evidence! Your son was the womanizer everyone said, but it didn't start that way. You sent subordinates to investigate such serious allegations, when you yourself as his father and head of your family was YOUR duty to check for YOURSELF!" Bayoán looked at Abuelo with a doubtful look.

"I scented your blood the moment I saw you all here, and I didn't have the honor to see your coronation in person... A CERTAIN Priestess ordered every Elder be held in custody by the military, very wise move by the way. You may not have been born an Alpha mija, but you sure are putting those born to it to shame. Cobix, you raised Alpha Kiskeya correct?" I had let go of his hand the moment Izz gave the order that grants his new station in the family.

"I DID father, gimme a break! You KNEW that I blackmailed Beatriz to be near my daughter! I TOLD you to investigate the others because they were of OUR family too, but my words never mattered did they? Now look! The Goddesses in their mercy has given me the family I had longed for so long, and now I have delivered to YOU father, not just a ruling Alpha, but a Priestess who brought the name CACIQUE back to life for our people! MY grandchildren through Kiskeya RULE our people and have the joined power to bring the harmony this pack has been feeding off the past week! I did what I did to at least be able to be near ONE of my children, I would be by her side always, I trained and schooled her, I was her Mentor and only in secret could she be my DAUGHTER. I was only allowed near HER, and these are only some of HER children! Imagine if I could have been able to help raise the rest..." He has to sit down... Shiiiiiit, I am actually REALLY missing Dad now! I know for a fact that he would have NEVER dismissed me if I brought something this serious to him. 

I'm just feeling like a ridiculous immature jerk lately, DUH! Talk about wake up calls. And by the Goddesses, Tony has been amazing! It's like we're growing up together... And yeah he's kinda more mature than me but he used to be a really annoying BRAT! Of all of our mates Tony, Kayden, Marcus and Ishaan are rich kids like us... But only Ishaan was raised like US to be naturally frugal and reasonable with money! Well Desi culture is A LOT like our own that way.... And yeah, I know I'm not one to talk about bad spending habits... But I would never in a gazillion years ever even think of spending even half a million dollars on a car!

Yes, I LIKE to have REALLY nice things! That doesn't mean I'm going to go to exorbitant ridiculous amounts of money like Tony's 3 million dollar car! As much as I hated Dad being as cheap as he was, I know for a fact that the things that he would buy for the house, the type of FOOD that he would buy for me to prepare for us to consume, the specific textiles he would choose with Mom for whatever I wanted to design to wear... It was always TOP of the line! Dad was never cheap with what went into our bodies and anything that the house needed or to ensure that we had the best of the best that didn't have to be overly expensive. That's why I'm very meticulous with any type of material I use in any construction I do because of his own frugality but taking into account what was an investment and what was just a regular expenditure. 

And he learned this from Abuelo, the clothes that Izzy is wearing TODAY, which used to belong to Babka is from the 1950s and it STILL looks brand spanking new! Not just because she's always made sure to give it maintenance, she LOVES that style so much, but every time Abuelo would contract a Master to make anything for Babka he always made sure that the best textile was chosen and then they're of course the enchantments that he would place on them which are also costly to ensure that they stay looking splendid. It's exactly like if Imotonex has left a how-to guide on how to treat your woman for all the men in our family! And Dad would repeat Abuelo's motto of always making sure you're brightest jewel be gleaming always! It's cheesy as shit but now Antoine is really liking it and it's getting annoying! He wanted me to start wearing a RIDICULOUSLY large princess cut diamond ring that used to belong to his great great grandmother! It was the size of a small quail egg! It was SPENDID but very unpractical! My hands are VERY VALUABLE to me and even though I focus the majorly in design, I am in construction areas all the time I need to have my hands ready to be cleaned at every moment. I like to keep my hands beautifully manicured but it's not usual for a Kappa to wear rings because we need our hands to be FULLY FREE. One moment we may be making a sandcastle and the next we might be working on the barbecue! 

I understand that for an Alpha it's absolutely normal to gift something like this for his Luna, but I'm NOT a Luna, and now he understands as well. It's so weird how they kept the Greek alphabet from them, it opens the path to a lot of misunderstandings. Once he understood this he didn't take it to heart and new that I loved it and that I would rather have it in the vault if it was okay, it's best that it belongs to the WHOLE family and EVERYONE can borrow it whenever they want to use it. It's just the way we were raised, things that were that valuable belong to the WHOLE family. There are even heirlooms that we borrow from The Museum and Historical Society, we also borrow some from the Ollers and Spogels and they us. We just don't see the value in hoarding something so costly, for what? To wear ONCE maybe TWICE in your life? It just doesn't make any sense! It's still weird for Izz to wear the Guanín... Shit! We grew up looking at it from behind glass at The Museum. She jokes saying it makes her look like a pimp!

Last night I spent quite a long time talking with Bayo and getting to know him better and we were actually very like-minded in our spending! He used to make quite a bit of money being Captain and the fact that he was heir apparent to be Beta and had to go to that specific training also gave him a stipend. When he met Morgana she brought her wealth and joined it with his, but before he met her he used to spend ridiculous money on shit for Moira. But it's a secret, he begged me not to tell anyone! Ha!

"You want to know the stupidest thing sweetheart, NOBODY knew how much I would spend, not even Dad! You have no idea how many jewels I bought that woman! And the worst part is Morgana KNOWS it... You have no idea the time I have to put in to make sure that woman doesn't completely OBLITERATE me! I didn't really have that MUCH saved up to bring to the conjoined table for us! Dad even put money so that it wasn't so embarrassing, that's why there was no problem on us staying in the Small House for free... Ugh!" At least everything I bought was for MYSELF! I thanked him for trusting me with his secret, I'm only telling you guys and that's it! I am trying not to be so chismosa anymore... 
###chapter 175: Blood
Bayoán's POV


For the first time in his life Abuelo's letting his father have a taste of his anger and frustration. When I look into my own son's emerald eyes and inhale his scent... Now understanding why Izzy in her most depressed state would hide herself with the pups... She could smell the soothing scent of her mate, the scent of our ancestors and hope for the future. I can't imagine Dad dismissing something like this, I can't even imagine him calling any of us a simpleton or talk in a demeaning way. He would TOTALLY have a laugh at the expense of any of us, but it was never malicious and we certainly never had to have our heads bowed in submission in front of him! That we mostly saved for Mom and even then she would just start laughing knowing we we're just bullshiting her. The dynamics in this family are very different... Still, I haven't seen abuse anywhere close enough to merit an investigation, just a grumpy old man.

'Just so you know, I'm missing Dad like crazy.' I have been working things out with Nina, it's been ok so far, I feel her commitment through our Bond. It's really nice feeling like I have my big sister back!

'Yeah no shit! I could go for his fucking NAGGING before a mission right about now!' Izzy thinks it's time the Guerrero family had a new Head of the family.

'Will you two SHUT it! This isn't about US right this second!' Maco's feeling even more conflicted. On our way to this office we walked through a good portion of the estate and Abuelo showed us a picture of when he was young... He looked IDENTICAL to Maco. He's not been in a good mood since. Dad would always dedicate a LOT of time on Maco, and he would tag team with Mom. We linked the picture to the others and we have concluded that Mom and Dad had a feeling that Maco could be used as Abuelo was, so they kept a close eye on him until they saw that he wasn't a kid and much less a pushover. 

Maco's always been chill, but his training is mostly in close combat and stealth assassination, he used to beat me to a pulp when we trained as pups and still today his eyes ALWAYS find an opening. He did train at OPIA with Víctor and his brother Vicente... And once he was close enough to you, it was your end. He only would use Ada and Obe: Two 17th century ornate iron daggers from Germany with a double-edge and a prominent midrib running down the length of one side, ending at a rectangular ricasso. They have cross guards that have a central engraved heart motif and short arms that extend from both sides with diamond-shaped tubular knobs. And to finish a spiraling wooden inlay and a twisting wire covers the length of the hilt, ending at the circular pommel. 

Yacahüey found them on a French ship and after making sure that they were engraved and were protected, he always carried them in a shoulder holster concealed under his coat.

Maco studied the Beta fighting style and how Yacahüey would use them in close quarter combat, the man never stops training and has asked Ura to train him, Amelia and Nía more with the bow. It's also always good when he watches you train, the second he sees ANY opening he'll stop you and help you change your tactic before it becomes a bad habit. In spite of everything... We were raised by our parents and Tía to BACK each other up and I have to give it to Maco and Izzy, this was a very good move. And now that I see the Guerreros I feel pretty good about our family.

"If the evidence is fake then someone tampered with the DNA samples! How could this happen? Mijo, I'm so sorry, but put yourself in my place! You named SEVERAL ladies of powerful families AND LUNA BEATRIZ! I investigated, but who was I to challenge the LUNA? What do you think would have happened to our house, to our family? Cacique may I sit mija? Let's talk, Alpha to Alpha, yes?" She looked at him deadpan, Abuelo just scoffed.

"Yes, everyone please sit. We are family and BLOOD after all." She finally said and they gave a sigh of relief. She's open to listen, she may be a pain in my ass sometimes but she's pretty reasonable and diplomacy is one of her strengths. We sometimes jump to conclusions without the WHOLE story and we have learned that classifying things in black and white is unrealistic.

"Loiza, are you saying that you're willing to change your genetic coding record and accept OUR blood in YOUR linage?! You would openly disclose our ancestry and acknowledge US as your kin? You would say Orocobix is your grandfather?" This is quite taboo, we are the ruling class challenging the old ways and deciding to change certain aspects that are outdated that allow this corruption.

"I do. However I have... Conditions... You know, to make a smooth transition within the power dynamic of the pack. You understand business am I right Don Juan?" Atta girl! Straight to it... Both Izzy and Nina have impressed the fuck out of me with their know how of money and how to make profit. Turns out that all the potheads from the Circle had invested all of their money in different ventures, including Maco's company, and were living off the dividends. Víctor had set it up for them YEARS ago when he would still see parting clouds when he would see Izz... I couldn't roll my eyes enough back then! But the fact that the fucking stoners had a put their money to work for them was a little embarrassing to me! And it was URAYOÁN'S idea! Víctor even set himself and his family up in their little scheme! And all they had to do was use the identities they use to get off Island and into the human world.

"A business woman are you mija?! I have heard and seen how truly splendid you are through the reports! The day you declared war upon The Council will always endure in my memory and now MORE knowing it was the seed from MY loins who achieved what you have so far! If the Mirabal family would acknowledge the Guerrero family as direct blood we would be nothing but powerful allies to you, you don't have enemies here!" He stood and bowed to her. He bowed to Maco as Head of the family and me as Beta, he went to Nina and took her hand kissing it tenderly...

"I hear that you're the Master behind the new cities, I also know that you were a challenge to your father! Ha! I guess you can tell her where she got it from Cobix!" The old man slapped his thigh laughing. "Your great grandmother was a spitfire, too mija! I'll let your Abuelo tell you about it..." We have heard the stories. Izzy caught it fast too so she pivots.

"Yes Don Juan! I'm not the greatest expert, that's why I brought Aymaco who is head of our family, Bayoán, your Beta and our sister Guanina whom you have acknowledged as a MASTER." Ugh! This is more fucking politics! It's hard for me and I was raised to handle it, Izzy wants to destroy a continent when she has to deal with it!

"Mija, don't call me Don Juan! You're my blood Mi Reina! How about you keep calling your Abuelo as you are... I know that you would call your Bisabuela from Russia Babushka right? She was a though lady! I was with your Abuelo when we found her and little Alexander in that Goddess forsaken place! I helped him find Ivan and Verushka's corpses mija. I know you may all be angry at how I treated your Abuelo, but seriously... maybe I SHOULD have been more diligent, but I DID investigate them ALL Orocobix and you know it mijo! Why would I not take seriously that one of MY sons impregnated the Luna?! It was DANGEROUS for our family! And then for an ALPHA to be born! Why would I turn my back to that potential for MY family?! Loiza I already know your brilliant mija, answer me that! Bayoán! Not only are we the Alphas we are ALSO the Betas! Tell me mijo... WHY would an old man like me who has held on as long as I have let pass a ruling Alpha AND Beta of MY blood through my fingers? Answer me that Beta!" I look at Izzy and her eyes go to Abuelo. Great grandfather did do the due diligence to investigate everything, however the system was to corrupt into itself and since it was several cases it was just not worth going into every single one. NOTHING is just black and white. 

There's only so much influence you have until you start hitting red tape, and he IS right... they're not ruling class. They don't have the same access to information like we do. All of our lives we snapped our fingers and anything we ask is right at our disposal, they might have private tutors, governesses and Masters that live in the property to educate their children but usually the TOP of the TOP want to teach at The Fort. And we're the ones who are lucky enough to get that level of education. Izz and Nina take Abuelo's hands and Izzy takes a deep breath...

"Ok... By what name would you like us to call you Don Juan?" She's throwing in a white flag, she wants to negotiate, she's not here to start a fight with our new FAMILY that we are going to have to learn to adapt to as well as they to us. We are blood after all and we will have a strong alliance after this. The position of power that we are putting them in will grant them more access than they have ever dreamed of. And we all have to admit they have worked very hard for it, they have been training Alphas for centuries and are a part of the Legacy families who swore their lives. We don't joke with that spell... It's a Hereditary Blood Oath after all, anyone who even thinks of betraying if has already forfeited their own life!

"My great grandchildren either call me Bisabuelo or Nonno! Our family hails from the south of Florence in the Tuscan region mija! Please, stay the night as our honored guests and call your siblings and mates! I have only seen pictures of the Alpha twins, I have four more nietos right?! I can't believe it Orocobix! Will there be an opening for the investigation of the others?" Izzy looks like he slapped her around a little! We never expected THIS level of enthusiasm! 

"So would you be open to taking the title of Elder from my Abuelo? --- Nonno." By the Goddess we we're fucking holding our laughter! When we checked about our cousins father Alpha Franco we saw that their kids would've called him Nonno for Grandpa most likely, when they referred to him had he lived and here WE ARE with it ourselves! 

"Mija your right! It was hasty for me to try to forcibly retire a man such as him yet in his prime! Cobix, your still too young to be deemed an Elder, besides, mi Bisnieta needs a proper Alpha advisor besides her! Mija, your Abuelo will help you out with ANY complications and our family will back you. That's the hardest part of an Alpha's job, yet I have heard and studied YOUR strategies... Your father, may the Goddess guard his soul, would be very proud mija. I must confess, we ALL are, even if we wouldn't have found out about this, you have done so well! We STILL we feel the surge of the rush from our hunt on The Council! That has NEVER happened in all of my years alive! Never has the pack hunted in such cohesion!" He looked like someone had gifted him the golden ticket! Orocobix had given him what he always wanted AND the Beta as a Bonus. It might sound really sleazy but it relaxes me to see that he's not hiding his ambition, it lets me know he doesn't give a damn who knows what he wants. I prefer sleazy honesty to backstabbing and he's not wrong when he says he gains much more with us as family than foe. Nonno or whatever is an old fox who knows how power works in the tribe, by Izzy recognizing him and his family, now he CEMENTS his own legacy into the history of our people putting his family in a position of ruling class.

Through our new growing filial Bond with them we can feel their pups exited to meet their cousins. The old man definitely wanted to give his family a place of power in the pack and he's a little rough around the edges but we can feel that he's genuinely happy to have more FAMILY, not just getting his unicorns with Izzy and myself. He sat Abuelo to his right side and his other sons were presenting themselves. They were curious about the reforms being put in and what did we recommend for they themselves to achieve what we are trying to do with our own family. When we explained they looked at each other a bit surprised.

"So Loiza's not the Head of the Mirabal family, no wonder we were compelled to bow to Aymaco. Very odd choice indeed... Do you think that maybe we should do that mija? Who would you name as head of our family, which is also your family?" Our Grand Uncle Yaureibo, our Abuelos oldest brother asked concerned in a gentle tone. She looked at me, we really hadn't looked in fully into ALL of them, they ARE a pretty big family, with several branches. They will definitely be a strong ally.

"No Tío, Loiza isn't the Head of our family, she has decided that the path to greatness is lead by MANY, not one. She always was a gifted pupil to my father, but her favor and devoutness with the Goddesses ensures the power of her rule. So just as I have taken the mantle as her Beta, Maco will be the head of our family because of his inner serenity. We are trying to ingrain harmony in our Bond instead of power. You said it yourself Bisabuelo, we ALREADY have power... Yet it was harmony what helped us almost destroy The Council! So the Mirabal family is trying to achieve that harmony within itself. That's as much as I can tell you without betraying my Alpha, you understand right?" They looked serious with a deep frowns.

"I do mijo... It does make a lot of sense... Maybe now that this thing will be announced I can finally retire and indeed pass leadership of the family to new blood. Cobix now that this is uncovered we can investigate the others! Any children of your body will be received by the family... If they want to, you know how these kids were raised, we can't FORCE anyone's love, I hope you don't forget that. I'm sorry mijo, I thought you were enjoying yourself with the women, but having your children ripped away from you is another thing entirely. We thank you all for giving us a chance to restore what our family owes YOU." He's not just talking about monetary compensation. For our people, when a child is OWED, it refers to love, protection, education, linage, encouragement, status and preparedness for the future. Abuelo had gone to a huge hacienda door opened only at the top half that faced an open courtyard and grounds were we could hear children playing.

We can feel his yearning through the filial Bond... He never was able to see Mom, us or any of his children playing there.

"I always wished to listen to my children playing through Lobo Azul like you father... We know that's why you chose this spot for your study. Yes, I want those investigations..." We're going to have to go through EVERY single person in the island to ensure the linage. FUCK. MY. LIFE!

They informed us that our family was on they're way along with Víctor and Phoebe. They should be here in about an hour with the pups and the whole hacienda is in an uproar! It's being double checked by the new Alpha Guard led by Helena... That's one scary woman! Such a difference from who I met at Blood Moon, still a nice lady but I wouldn't have guessed what she would become! Freya wanted to be a part but she's to help lead the new mission with Ura.

"Loiza, mija, you said you wanted to talk business. Was it just that your Abuelo not be titled as Elder anymore? You and your family will bring great honor to our house and already four great great grandchildren! Two Alphas, I had heard that the Young Hunter had a Gamma daughter with his Twin Soul, right? VERY good, and you had a Beta young Bayoán! And your mate is a witch of the blood of Morgaine LeFay...? Impressive indeed..." Abuelo couldn't stop shaking his head.

"Seriously father?! They're going to acknowledge us as their kin and your fantasizing about how your linage will continue?" Apparently our Bisabuelo is very pro mutations and to the Guerrero family that would make sense since they carry the very rare Lycan mutation. A few of the registered matings with more than one female are from the Guerrero family, two live in this very hacienda, so it's no wonder they're children everywhere!

"Cobix, LOOK at THEM mijo! They are exquisite! My father eventually got what he wanted... The blood of Adelola mixed with his! Two ridiculous old geezers! My father just couldn't accept that she would never be parted from Imotonex. I was too young to remember much, now that we have a ruling Alpha we need to organize those records so the next Alpha's lineage is complete, whichever one of the twins will rule those documents have to be in Tip-Top shape! Guanina you know people at the Historical Society right?" He definitely is rough around the edges but it seems that now that he finally has what he's always wanted its like he's getting ready to stand down and settle everything.

"Yes Bisabuelo, we're in the process of selling some items they have been asking for some time. Do you have any particular favor?" He was thoughtful for a moment.

"Several, but for now I would like to contract an Ancestral Master, I can give him access to our all our records and my grandchildren Constanza, Angelo and Alina can help, they are the ones that are in charge of all that, they can assist with putting that in order. Caguax, my oldest grandson will be at your disposal for anything needed, some have been digitalized, in this I'm afraid Betas will always have an edge! Better organization skills." Our records never have been fully organized either, it's not out of the ordinary to have lost documents and diaries of family you didn't know you had. Ancestral Masters, help with verifying every document, certificate, blood sample, etc. And they have long waiting lists, especially when there's a baby boom, they're called to line out the ancestry of the children to come. We have to fix ours and we need THEIRS to be done by the book.

"Bisabuelo, we didn't JUST want to have Abuelo come out of retirement. You see we have heard that you haven't been able to sell Hacienda Florencia and we know that our Dad was interested... But the price---" Izzy starts but he cuts her off.

"Hay mija, I put that price because Hacienda Florencia was our FIRST hacienda and it has the bones of many of our family, but Lobo Azul meets all our needs, and Florencia also has the village east of it, more inland. If you kids want Hacienda Florencia, I would GLADLY GIVE it to you! I bet Guanina will do it justice and bring it back to glory and since they are the bones of YOUR own and we could count on access for the Day of the Dead it would be best! I'll get the documents ready to transfer it and the village. Our numbers dwindled, so it didn't make sense for so much land, but I failed Cobix... I'm sorry, but for fucks sake WHAT DO YOU DO to them them son?! NONE were your mate! And one thing is to impregnate a human female, that's simple! But a she-wolf without her Heat! It's VERY hard to achieve and you've done it SEVERAL times?" The old man looks at me still incredulous. "YOU do the numbers Beta, how often does something like THAT happen?" He DOES have a point, it's near impossible. Imotonex cried victory for impregnating his MATE with Cacicaná ONCE!

Orocobix did it young, inexperienced, to older women, not his mates and by default not activating their Heat. With Isla as his mate, will her own fertility problems get in the way?

"Father I told you myself that I didn't know how this happened, I impregnated the first woman I had sex with when I was 15! She just guided me and told me what to do. After that it started to be more fun and I knew what to do! Apparently word spread..." He lowers his head blushing with a little bit of shame.

"And then they would give me anything I wanted if I did what they wanted... And more than once I was drugged." So it wasn't only Isla who raped him... 
###chapter 176: Lycan
###chapter 176: Lycan

Aymaco's POV


"So he's going to GIVE us Hacienda Florencia with the village? By the Goddess, who lives in that village now?" Amelia and I are in this huge bathtub in a suite guest room we lifted the sound barrier here and definitely enjoying the hospitality of our Bisabuelo. After seeing Abuelo's pictures and knowing how his life went about I was feeling desperate to make love to my beautiful woman. She was a little startled for what happened to him since it hit a little close to home... Yet she was EXTREMELY passionate. She understood my own discomfort at the idea of sharing his fate. So we are just chatting about anything while I massage her feet, she always wears a beautiful smile of satisfaction every single time! 

"Yeah! You saw how exited the old man was... It's like he wasn't really looking for a seller rather than other family that would take it off his hands! Even Phoebe confirmed that he mostly didn't want to disturb his ancestors bones... You know already what something like that would mean for us." I have even talked about this with Alex, he sometimes doesn't know if he should move his parents bones when he decides to make an ancestral burial chamber of his own.

"Well, I'm for it then! Damn babe, if Nina can get it to where it looks like THIS place it would be amazing! I feel like I'm at a weekend getaway! This room is insane! I can't even imagine the one Izzy and Kayden got... And when we took the pups to the nursery it was impressive. They definitely reproduce like rabbits! There must have been at least 9 little ones being cared for, I'm definitely glad that Mónica and Danika came along. I feel secure here, but I think I would have been a little jittery if only their people took care of the pups. That nursery though! Even Nina was asking who decorated it, I mean Rafael is amazing but it's good when new names get recognition!" My, my...

"Well someone is quite chatty today!" She's been very excited since our Bisabuelo declared that we would have a Beta. I agree with Bayo that the dude is just old and just doesn't care how people see him but we had another impression of him originally. Abuelo was angry and he was able to vent his anger once Izz gave him the ability to, but he explained to us that his father is from another generation and that was kind of expected back in the day, he even said that there were times that our own mother had to bow her head to him. I remember Dad saying something similar about Abuelo...

"You little shits like to complain about what an asshole I can be, but Dad would have whooped all your butts all day like drums!" Then he would proceed to be absolutely embarrassing by playing a pair of congas in the Main Room of the house, it would drive Nina crazy because the old man was always out of tune. He would coax her and she couldn't resist.

"C'mon mija! Show them how I KNOW you want to whoop ME!" She would laugh and would shoo him out of the way so she could show him how it's done! He couldn't play, but he COULD dance! He would pull Mom to dance with him and she would definitely join him and we could see how much our parents loved each other as they would dance salsa and Nía would join Nina with the bell to hold the main rhythm. Then he would lift me off my ass to dance with Mom while he took Izzy to dance with her... I miss that old man. 

"And someone went far away there for a moment... You're thinking about them? You are so lucky to have had them Mi Amor." I go to her side and take her in my arms. Her own family cast her off and her father was a monster, I put my hand on her belly, our daughter is awake and kicked the moment I placed my hand. Bisabuelo apparently has the gift of foresight of where an unborn pup will be in the Greek coding, and Phoebe confirmed that he has declared every birth of his children, grandchildren, great grandchildren to even great great great grandchildren. This helps us out a lot with choosing a name.

"I guess preciosa, I just am so happy to have you! I don't want to imagine how Abuelo's life has been. To not be able to have the simple pleasure of holding the other piece of your soul and feel the life your love created inside her... I love you Em." She puts her hands on top of mine. Bisabuelo was VERY satisfied when he saw Amelia.

"It's a shame that I can't figure out if the little Beta will inherit such STUNNING eyes!" He sent his great granddaughter Gabriela to send offerings to the shrines of Lobo Azul for the pups and a special one for our daughter to inherit her mother's eyes.

"I still can't believe what a big deal my eyes are here?" She still doesn't understand how stunning she is... Her deep auburn hair just makes her eyes even more vivid.

"What do you mean mija?" He was genuinely confused. She blushed that beautiful soft rose color that makes me want to take her right there!

"It's nothing Don Juan, people just didn't think that they were pretty and would just say I looked like a freak." He couldn't believe it.

"What now? Who would say such a thing of magical eyes like that? Even humans? There are many mutations that humans dislike but heterochromia usually is quite popular. Are you telling me that WOLVES are rejecting their natural mutations?! He slammed his hand on the table or the huge Dinning Hall of Lobo Azul, he WOULD be outraged. The Guerrero family have other valuable contributions to our pack, since the first Lycan of our tribe was among themselves and it helped them grow to be as powerful as they are, The are the founders of The Lycan Proyect which specializes in VERY RARE mutations. They are such a large family that they do have an Omega branch and he introduced all of us to an underground lab they have HERE! 

I had heard about this facility but never seen it. Our cousins Salvatore and Florentino, an Alpha and an Omega, are the main researchers. They asked if they can have a sample of all of our blood including the pups. They already had a sample of Izz's twins because of the particular mutation of their skin. Em was very impressed by the lab, and they invited her to participate in their research and she jumped on the opportunity, we'll come over a few weeks after she gives birth. 

They were excited for Bayo's son's blood, they still hadn't had the chance for a sample to study how the pup's cells were channelling his hybrid blood. At this both Morgana and Bayo were very interested, already Daniella is working on it in her lab but it eventually would have ended here anyway, or the other facility they have in Downtown Atabex City. They assured a very good plot of land and The Lycan Proyect's building there has a lab but it's also part mate searcher for mate less wolves, not just Lycans and it shows and explains the mutation and the history of the hunting of the species to almost extinction. Many of the wolves from Rumania have been working there since the mutation was been found more prevalent in their breed.

I haven't been to the new facility but Nina's friend Roselia designed it and it better structures the proyect and since they don't have plans for the building they had it before in Downtown Itiba, Bisabuelo wants me to have it on the condition of being an investor and having some shares and having a Board member on his behalf once we were big enough for that! I definitely took that deal! Abuelo presented me to our cousin Santino who's almost 16 but is a really gifted Mu who loves our products and begged for an internship! I linked Gadiel...

'Fuck yeah dude! That building is even bigger than the one we we're going for and I HAVE heard of that boy from my brother, he says he's a fucking genius who hacked into OPIA! I say we definitely take him in!' I asked Em and she thought that it would be bothersome for him to get up so early. So to invite him to stay with us, now that we're going to get Hacienda Florencia we can definitely house as much family as possible!

When I told Santino that he was welcomed and that he could stay at the house he ran to pack! His mother, is Abuelo's older sister María and Santino is her youngest child, she was very happy for him and nagged him on the conduct she expected from him... His face almost made me spit out my wine! It reminded me of mine when Mom would nag at me... I wish she could have seen this. By the Goddesses they are SO MANY! Either way Santino can't wait to bail.

Bisabuelo already handed Nina all the keys of Hacienda Florencia and has one of our cousins looking for everything related to the property so she can have a better idea of how it originally looked, she's excited. Without the expense of BUYING the property we will have enough left over to fully fix the house in Granada and get the vineyard in Nappa, the beach house in Karayita was a given! Marcus and Kayden are definitely BOSSES in business and already are planning for the company that they already have operating smoothly to export the wine from Nappa. Ishaan also has a keen mind for it, the company that sustained Chandrama is a pharmaceutical, we already have cures for DOZENS of human diseases. That company shouldn't be a problem to get profit in fast. There's already a team working on the one Tony and his pack brought.

Either way, we had a really pleasant afternoon and evening getting to know as much family as we could.

"Wait, so you're saying that ANY of our pups could be a Lycan?" Urayoán asked Salvatore and Florentino at dinner. We all looked to see their reaction.

"Well, yes! In fact that is true for any of YOU too. If the gene is inside you it could lay dormant your whole life and you just pass it on, however we still haven't determined how or why the dormant gene awakens. We have noticed that it presents itself in Alphas but it is most active in the Delta strain of the Greek coding. What we are ALMOST certain is that those with the gene ACTIVE are BLUE wolves, THAT is something that we can AT LEAST determine in the first shift of a pup. Some don't know until one full Moon they can't control it and you just shift to that form, that lack of control is what presents a problem. The mutation onto itself is something NATURAL just like our regular shifting into wolves, it's just that we have mastered it so well through the ages that we have control over it. However the Lycan mutation has been seriously stigmatized by humans that it has traumatized even OURSELVES. Many of our kind outside didn't lift a finger to avoid that genocide, they thought that it couldn't be controlled but our research has found that nothing can be further from the truth! I am a Lycan myself, and I am in full control on the full Moon and that goes for every Lycan who lives on the island. Since we don't traumatize the pups at a young age with the stigma placed upon the mutation we allow them to make it easier to accept it if they have it and eventually activates. The biggest problem lies in those with the mutation to find a mate, because it's so rare the chances of finding ONE is hard, that's why it's so accepted for one to have multiple mates... I guess it comes down to what the Goddess knows. Either way the specific part for which the particular species was hunted to almost Extinction is something that we have been able to correct, incredible how it only took EDUCATION to cross that hurdle, I'm not good at comedy so that was sarcasm." Salvatore answered with a shrug. They couldn't help but laugh! 

"Are you kidding me?! You explained all of that and then you hit the punchline but the way you delivered throwing yourself under the bus was pretty good! Dude we just have to work with your delivery but you got the funny bone in you!" Nía always has to give her opinion. She knew some our cousins already and was hanging out with them and showing off Nasser like a piece of slab meat! Poor guy, he looked at any of us for rescue.

"Sorry buddy! Though luck, here man, this is what I can do for you." Tony handed Nasser an edible and he just ate it in resignation to at least laugh at Nía totally being the boss of him.

However I wasn't laughing, I swear these idiots... Amelia does understand, it's not like she sees Mero ALL. THE. TIME... She coughs trying to get my siblings attention and it finally dawns on them.

Mero is a Blue Wolf...
###chapter 177: The Formal Concubine
Loiza's POV


Well shit! I haven't seen Mero since The Run at Blood Moon! Damn! Last time Aryn played with Mero was over two years ago when we went on an all island run with Dyus (Ura), Cordelia (Tali) and Yoni (Nía). I COULD go for one of those to really de stress all of these stupid boring problems. I put out the thought in our filial Bond, and there was excitement at the thought. I hope that Amelia wants to go, having the power of being our Matriarch... Especially MINE, has really improved her mental state and confidence substantially! Shifting at this stage of her pregnancy helps stretch out your muscles and a family run will help sooth the pup and her mood. Usually an Alpha of a pack stays as Head of their house to keep power in the family... That's been established. 

The fact that I let go and handed it to a Gamma and an Omega giving them in a small way some veto power over ME when it comes to our family, it puts my power even more in check and by doing so it elevates THEIR own because of the ability they have to overpower their Pack Alpha with a command with regards to family matters just like the Betas, but with less restrictions than them because they don't have to take into consideration me being a substantial harm to the pack. A Beta has limitations to what they can order me not to do. I can give all the opinions I want over anything regarding our family, but if either Maco or Amelia say no, I have to submit to their command and shut up!

We had decided to explain this better to our Bisabuelo and Tías and Tíos now they have been debating on who would bring better harmony for their family as well. So far they've mostly come to the conclusion that Guadalupe, Yaureibo's youngest daughter, and her mate Esteban, were the ones they thought were best suited.

Both Lupe and her mate are Alphas, despite that, Lupe and Esteban have VERY Zen personalities, also Esteban is the family accountant and Lupe is very devout and it's her daughter Gabriela and her who guard the Shrines for the hacienda right now. She was adamant about having a Priestess Guard them and Gabriela's daughter, Kalea right now is one of the three Concertators to go to Avalon to train to be Priestess. Gabriela and her mate Konane have been spending a small fortune for rituals for the Goddess's approval of little Kalea. She was VERY excited to meet me... She's so young and sweet, yet she's very fierce and too ADORABLE! 

"Next time anyone else DARES to mess with us I will be able to fight by your side Alpha!" The little warrior harrumphed! She's barely 5 years old! I smiled at my little cousin and promised to pray for her to be picked, but I explained to her that I had no jurisdiction over Avalon. She very much wants to go... Her innocent mind not really knowing what it means or how much her life will change, how SHE will change... And I can't intervene for or against her going, my rule ends where Moira's begins. I can't even intervene for MY OWN daughter! Kayden wraps his arms around my waist and rest his chin on my shoulder studying the little girl giving her a bittersweet smile. 

"If Lupita becomes head of our family I would be very restful at that choice! Goddess knows she can put even me in my place! I'm an old man and I just want to enjoy whatever time the Goddess has for me before taking me to her and to my sweet mates and concubines... Yes, even Bianca, she was a firecracker but she gave me many loving children and she was loving in her own way. Unfaithfulness is the bane of Chosen Mates, either way she was always smart enough to already be pregnant when she wanted her little escapades. Meh! I let it go and got myself my loving human Concubine Johanne, a beauty with dark caramel skin from Curaçao, she would have those difficult long human pregnancies, poor thing. Five dutiful and doting daughters that gentle and kind woman gave me... Human life is just to short! It did piss your Bisabuela to no end! Ha! She was truly something else! But seriously, she was lucky I didn't KILL her! True love can't be forced but it was as if we had reached an understanding... 'Go ahead and fuck whomever, as long as she was carrying MY pup, it was enough'... How much I miss my True Mate Analise, the Goddess took her too soon from me too, but I had accepted her yearning to be in the field, sigh... It's all in the records we'll hand over mija... It was near impossible to find her body in the Otoman Empire... By the Goddess!" He closes his eyes shaking his head. "It's not even called that anymore! You see mija? I definitely can't continue to be king here anymore, it's right to bring new blood and ideals. Lupita mija, so if Loiza gets a Priestess to Guard the Shrines you would lead us then?" Oh wow! 

He IS very old he's just so strong and vigorous at that age! It gives me hope for a good long life for MY OWN children! I HAVE to hear more about Abuelo's Mom, UFF! I had already studied Anelise in training at OPIA. Her urge to hunt was very strong, Víctor liked studying her tactics. And this is not me being a gossip! If the person's DEAD it doesn't count! This is... History, yeah, HISTORY! Who am I kidding?! This is super JUICY family gossip! I look at Nina and she totally sneers at me knowing what my look means! Ha! If she wouldn't have Tony and had gotten herself a Chosen Mate I don't know how that relationship would have stayed stable. But I must admit, for THAT time period in Karaya it IS a miracle he didn't kill her! Unfaithfulness is pretty rare here, usually people don't do Chosen Mates like other packs. We tend to enjoy ourselves when we have no mate, but more often than not we wait for our True Mate. But back then if someone was caught cheating the control we work so hard for falters and was usually killed on the spot by his or her mate along with the lover.

The fact that he was willing to reach an agreement with her over something as SERIOUS as this says a lot about him, but he didn't want to seem to much of a pushover either so he had his little revenge with what is accepted here as a Formal Concubine, OUR generation doesn't practice it anymore but it's still alive and kicking among older generations. At this point it's not even frowned upon since the practice is simply dying out and It's always been accepted for both men and women... I came here ready to go to war with this man but I have found myself liking him very much! The eternal problem of jumping to conclusions... I'm old enough to know better.

He is a very fiercely devoted family man and he is a fervent believer in the will of the Goddess, I know that for a fact for when I WAS a Priestess! He would come TWICE a week with offerings of Good Fortune for his family and grandchildren about to be born, usually werewolves don't live as long as him and I do remember Dad saying that in the Great War, even though he was old, he STILL fought and lived! I guess you fight hard you love hard too!

Our Abuelo and Uncles were telling us how Maria is Bisabuelo's favorite and how it's her and her children his MAIN heirs, it's hysterical to see that silly animosity in these old geezers! But they don't seem to mind, they were joking saying that estrogen ruled Lobo Azul and that they acknowledge their lowly status in the family. It's not as weird to us because it kinda reminds us of how it works in the Spogel family who we are used to, going there for the big family events would be just as bombastic and over the top too because of their numbers. Sammy likes to stay in their small house in The Citadel or just sleep over at our place, so many people annoy her to shit.

Urayoán was curious about the two males that had more than one mate and how is it possible that they can't even have a little break for a family reunion even when their Cacique is here...They all started laughing hysterically! 

"Son those are the most saddest shmucks here! Trust me, after growing up in a family structure like ours we accept what the Goddess commands us as Osupa that we are! But sometimes what she asks is a HEAVY BURDEN mijo. You are BLESSED indeed Urayoán! You and your mate are truly of the same mind and the Goddess herself is declaring her as your one and ONLY! It must be a great relief to know that you can be with your mate the second the other leaves to be with the Goddess... For Abuelo it was a very sad time when Anelise passed, they say that he mourned her for two DECADES before he was ready to take another woman, maybe holding it in all those years is what made sure Bianca was pregnant ALL the time! Old geezer will probably find himself another Formal Concubine now that he retires, he doesn't care for going to The District. He's old fashioned that way." Our Tío Obe tells us chuckling, shaking his head, he is one of Johanne's grandchildren. 

Now that I myself am an Alpha I can understand, because of our physiology our bodies are constantly DEMANDING to reproduce! The lust becomes UNBEARABLE and sometimes PAINFUL if not satisfied, we aren't humans! Wolves, especially Alphas, can reproduce until we die of old age. A Formal Concubine is usually a human male or female whom you approach to negotiate relief of our lust and reproduction, they are recognized companions and live with the wolf or she-wolf. The human gets compensation and they don't have to ever leave the island if they father or birth a pup, but if they do choose to leave they can't take the pup and they must take Forgetting potion. It was very commonly practiced if you never find your True Mate. There's a specific contract for that, we try our best to keep genealogy properly organized... That's WHY WE are so PISSED!

"At least there doesn't seem to be any animosity between all of you guys, that's good!" Nina observed, and I have noticed that too.

"Nah... Bianca didn't really mind my Wela, she would mainly bitch at Abuelo and he would just ignore her nagging, until she just went about her life like she wanted anyway. But she was still VERY nice to ALL the kids and she didn't pick fights with Grandma and when Wela was old and gray Bianca did help care for her and I remember her being a little depressed after she passed, those two had come to their own understandings. Like everyone, your Abuela had her faults but she had MANY virtues, too! So please don't think badly about Bianca, she would have been very happy to meet you guys. She was really a nice lady and she had this knack for really good story telling and dancing, Abuelo understood the nature of Kappas and their need for freedom. He was really joking earlier about your similarities with Bianca, Nina, but don't take it the wrong way... Despite everything Abuelo DID trust her with VERY important things and even though she would have her little adventures, he trusted that she was pregnant already and no major consequence would derive from it. He made sure that the bones of ALL the women he loved are carefully arranged in the same chamber that wait for his own bones." Tío Obe explains. It's such a different family structure from our own yet it is comforting to see that they try to keep the peace in the family. These practices are still culturally accepted, and as Cacique, as long as the peace is kept and there's no signs of abuse, it's not my place to determine any citizen's private family structure... That's up to the family alone to decide.

Even Abuelo had Formal Concubines and has one NOW... Either way Isla said that she doesn't care, the woman has already given Abuelo two children, he was off island and her family was going to sell her off and Abuelo did desire the young woman, he asked her if she would rather go with him and that he would make sure she was protected, she took that deal and he compensated her family well so that they would appreciate her value, they wouldn't be seeing her again. When I met this fair pregnant woman with golden hair from Osetia, a region plagued by endless war she went to her knees and bowed her head to the floor! I was suddenly startled!

"Great Cacique, I carry your next uncle inside of me, please great Lady don't banish me from Karaya! My sons are powerful wolves who love and train to serve Karaya, Don Juan has already foreseen another Alpha warrior inside me. I know you know the ways of the human world... Out there I would have ended up in a pleasure house addicted to Goddess knows what and dead in a few years. Here I have my own villa in the hacienda with my boys, they grow stronger as they train and are well educated and are proud to be Osupa! Besides the blast of Mt. Cemí my sons have never known war or all the things I lived... Cacique I truly love Cobix, he's the love of my life, if the Luna is willing to share him I accept! But I have not only come to love Cobix and my sons, but the family has always treated me as family, not property or cared that I'm human and I have come to love this land! I'm your loyal subject Cacique!" I begged for her to get up and her oldest boy, must be around 13 and so much like pictures of Maco that age, helped. 

"Anisa, I can't banish you even if I wanted! Remember that you're a Formal Concubine, that gives you citizenship and it would be illegal for me to infringe on your rights! This is a private matter between Abuelo, Mamá and you. Karaya is your home and you're mother to Osupa children, your place is here, ok? No more of this throwing yourself at my feet, you are my Abuelo's Formal Concubine, you said it yourself, you carry the Cacique's next Tío inside you." The woman had even converted to the ways of the Goddess and cast off her past religion and family name for Goddesses sake! Why would Selene mate Abuelo to Isla if he had a concubine?

Anisa, was very good natured and I definitely understand WHY she would chose this life... Ura and I HAVE been to Osetia and I have seen the pleasure houses with the war torn façade where they keep the women drugged until the next client took his turn. Here she was very well protected, her children were flourishing and my Abuelo and the family cherishes her. He may have enjoyed himself with women but he was a very lonely man, he had chosen Anisa and she had accepted his proposal before being sold by her family to those brothels. With Abuelo she says she feels comfortable she even bosses him around sometimes, she says it's the first time that she's actually felt that she truly has control over her life without fear.

"It took me living among 'fearsome' werewolves to actually feel at peace! How ironic is that? The real monsters are out there! Don Juan has even prepared everything for my boy's future and even where my bones will rest! I was born to war and my boys will be fierce Warriors, but the childhood they are enjoying is something surreal to me... Living here I sometimes forget the outside! Thank you Cacique, I'm human and I will die soon, it's going to be hard for both the Luna and myself but she's met the boys already and they have taking a liking to her. I am at peace knowing then that when I die Cobix won't be alone again and my boys will have the mother of the pack itself watching over them! It's an honor indeed!" She says chuckling finding a more comfortable position to sit, from the looks of it she's beginning her final trimester. Can't anything be SIMPLE? 

No wonder Isla is going to swallow this pill! I even bet this is how she feels like she ATONES for what she did! I understand the situation, Abuelo didn't know that the Goddess had reconsidered a mate for him, but he already had a responsibility with this woman. Since it's something that my generation doesn't partake in, at least not that I know, everyone has their own life after all! However if you DO go into an agreement with a Formal Concubine it is highly taboo to break it unless you have found your true mate, Abuelo could break the contract right now and it wouldn't be a problem. Anisa's life wouldn't change at all except for the fact that he wouldn't have sex with her. 

She's 38 in human years and is very much in love with him! He's only around 70 years old but doesn't look a day over 45! Only a little salt and pepper on the edges, she doesn't see him as an old man. I had asked Isla about it but she says she's really ok with it and is embroidering some nice sheets for the crib for the new baby, I think she has hope for a second chance for herself as well. Either way I haven't seen her this HAPPY in a while... The Bond is helping them both adapt. Abuelo wants to bring her tomorrow for Formal introductions to the rest of the family and Anisa. This is THEIR life and Abuelo is intoxicated with Isla and all his heart is hers period, but at the same time he doesn't want to fail this woman who has given him so much. Birthing a werewolf child for a human is a gruesome labor and she's doing it a third time. He will never be able to love her like Isla, but he will still love her, I'm not one to judge other people's relationships.

"Anisa, my Abuelo made a vow to you, it would be wrong for me to break your relationship, you are all consenting adults and you should know our laws by now, as Alpha I don't get involved when consenting adults agree on something this way." Since Abuelo and Mamá are True Mates she should be in PAIN if Abuelo betrayed her, but since he's not lying to her, not that he could, it was common knowledge on the island, but the fact that she's agreeing and giving her blessing there should be no pain because all parts have agreed. I'll talk to Moira and Bayoán to see what the law says regarding this. All of this is giving me a headache! I can't wait for all these practices to die out. 

"Anisa if you wish I give my permission for your boys to be educated at The Fort, that way Abuelo can train them himself and take them off your hands for a bit so you can focus on the one on the way! They can ride horses here themselves and visit you everyday if they want. That way the boys don't have to miss either of you at anytime, it's completely up to you." She looks at Abuelo and he kisses her forehead.

"Whatever you want preciosa! I know how these little monsters can be!" He cups her cheeks and gives her a kiss. "What do you say princesa? I'll send Master Carmen over to give you those massages you like..." And he gently strokes her belly kissing her cheek softly. "... and I can come back and forth with the boys if you want and bring you anything you're craving that day directly from Domingo! You can take the jeep and drive to the beach like you like or swim in your pool and take the sun without the hassle of having to tell the boys to settle down or anything. Like a little vacation sweetheart! That way your body's more relaxed to avoid the C-section, remember what happened last time because you were too tense? Hmm? I'll stay some nights with you to keep making sure that the birth is natural, remember what Doula Fransheska and the midwife said about how stressed your body will be after a surgery like that sweetheart we don't want you to go through that, it scares me baby you know I don't like it when you're in pain." For fucks sake! No wonder he has them eating out of his hand! I look at Kayden and he chuckles, this is EXACTLY how HE IS with ME in my pregnancies! It makes me smile. He puts his lips to his Mark on me... I feel the heat of my skin rise. Damn! They even have a live in Doula?! This place IS ruled by women! They are getting PRIMO pregnancy care!

He coaxes her so gently and lovingly that her eyes glimmer and she can't control her smile or her blush! This is why I don't like hanging out with humans! I start gaining sympathy for them... We'll do everything we can so that she can live as long as she can, but in the end we're not the ones who choose when she dies... And human life is indeed short. She already has accepted that the man she loves will continue to be absolutely happy with another woman and more at peace when she's gone, but the other alternative she had in the outside world was completely unacceptable and she made a very bold choice, for a human to go into the wolf's den to try to make a BETTER life for herself, that in itself is commendable! Her attitude reminds me of my own human ancestors! It wasn't my grandfather who saved her, it was HER courage and HER determination to SURVIVE in spite of what life had served her, that will be HER OWN legacy in the Guerrero family and in the memory of her children, she gambled on the monsters and won...
###chapter 178: The Blue Wolf
Loiza's POV

Guadalupe answers Bisabuelo...

"Under that condition I would feel comfortable doing the work Abuelo, Gabi and I do what we can but for the size of our family we do NEED a spiritual guide in the hacienda... Loiza, cousin you have led ceremonies for our family when you were Priestess, we obviously maintain the most sacred rituals and ceremonies for the Temple according to the will of the Goddess and our Great Mother, but I guess you now have a better understanding of our numbers and needs." Indeed! I had only gone through runs through Lobo Azul like everyone does but I had never been inside, it's open to visitors like other historical buildings... Nina has been taking pictures non stop of the family but also of details she likes and would like to add to Hacienda Florencia.

"It's fine Guadalupe! We have another pack coming soon, they have a Priestess, if she wants to stay on I think it would be fine but if not I will definitely ask Moira. You'd be surprised how there's a waiting list of Priestesses that want to come here and are coaxing their own packs, covens, blood clans and tribes in Farie to join us, but you must understand how careful we have to be now. I'm only going to accept those who we had ALREADY had come to agreements before our revenge against The Council, my top priority is the safety of this island." Abuelo patted my shoulder.

"You see how easy my job of being Mentor to your Bisnieta will be Father?!" Bisabuelo was brimming!

"Indeed mijo! Loiza your words calm this old man! We WILL do our best to ensure that your reign is long mija, and every one of us pledges loyalty to either one of these two who rule after! Kayden, my Alpha, I thank you for these precious treasures!" That's really sweet but...

"What are you thanking HIM for?! I'm the one who pushed them out!" He barked out a laugh!

"Hey! You BLOCKED ME OUT! Don Juan, your lovely Bisnieta can be a RUTHLESS TYRANT sometimes! She'll get hers when she gets her next Heat! I'm DEFINITELY going to make damn sure it's SUCCESSFUL, I missed out on the twin's birth and naming, I'll make sure she'll give you another grandchild SOON!" I'm starting to think it was a mistake to let him keep his title of Alpha! Me and my stupid ideas of trying to still let him have SOME RESPECT and DIGNITY! I elbowed him in the ribs pouting, but Bisabuelo was even more delighted laughing!

"You give her a piece of her own medicine my boy! Ha! Mija in this I agree with the Alpha, there was a lot of sadness in the pack Link after that ordeal in Blood Moon. Don't worry Kayden, we always make sure that the Shrines are properly kept and the offerings made to ensure successful Heats for EVERYONE of our family! Also there's a special spell on this property and Hacienda Florencia... Let's just say it will INSPIRE you! Now that I'll hand the reigns to Lupita I'll be able to enjoy my family more! Blessed Be!" Kayden looked at me all smug, I just shook my head at his shameless whining to my great grandfather, he DID miss out on the twins, so I let it go. 

To be fair, after seeing what Morgana went through, my pregnancy would have been a BREEZE if Kayden would have been with me, especially if we were already awake! We know how Twin Souls move their energy... I'm actually a bit confused as to why WE aren't Twin Souls NOW. That WAS a part of the deal! And suddenly he's back to his old shit of giving me little 'white' lies... I have to have a conversation with his fucking Lordship and tell him to cut the crap! Just little over a week from our Awakening and as happy as I am, we ARE an old married couple, I'm not ok with this childish shit at my age! And I look at my Bisabuelo and I kinda get the guy! Meh, in a way I'm an old hag too!

"So your wolf is blue then? Maco that's absolutely fine! I told you I AM one myself, if it hasn't manifested until now there's a big chance that it may never will, but IF it does come over we'll help train you. Wow! To have the mutation active is very rarely found in Gammas, now that we have your blood sample we'll be verifying your coding closer cousin. Next full Moon you can come with us so you can get to know the others better, don't worry Maco there's NOTHING wrong with you. We'll start after we put everything in order but I think maybe Amelia herself would like to study your genetic structure. As your mate it will help her help you and your mind will be more at ease with your own Matriarch checking it out. What do you think Amelia?" Mero is indeed a very beautiful wolf! They are called Blue Wolves the same way that my hair is considered blue... It's so black and lustrous that it gives a blue hue. 

It's the reason this hacienda is called Lobo Azul, most Guerrero wolves ARE blue.

"Are you KIDDING?! I would LOVE to check it out! I had only heard of the mutation before but I didn't know about the whole blue wolf aspect, it will give me a better understanding of not just my own pup, but our nieces and nephews too. Do you think it would manifest in Bayo's son, is there potential for the mutation in hybrids?" Morgana and Bayoán became very interested in that. Salvatore and Florentino were in deep though linking each other.

"You know? We don't remember any, we WOULD have remembered something as rare, we'll add it to what we will investigate about our little cousin. And remember, your wolf doesn't have to be blue to carry the mutation. Either way I can't stress this enough, there's nothing wrong with the mutation except for the fact of it's stigmatized and the difficulties of finding a mate. I myself haven't had the chance to meet mine, every time new wolves come we're very excited to see if those of us who haven't been able to find our mates find them then. It's a wonderful thing that you found Amelia, Maco. I'm 30 and nothing, I go to the Shrines to BEG the Goddess to just send ONE!" I look at Maco and I he doesn't look comforted by that at ALL. I look over at Ura, he's focused on his plate. I reach out to Maco...

'What's wrong? You heard him, even if it manifests you'll be fine!' If anyone can control themselves in any situation it's most definitely you!' I ask him.

'Izz, I'm not worried about THAT, well maybe a little I KNOW what happened with you guys and that Lycan... I don't want ANOTHER mate. I don't care if they do love each other or not, I JUST want Em. Can you just talk to Moira about that? Tell her to send any to our cousins who have none. I'm BEGGING here Izzy!' Awe, he really loves Em and feels like it would be a betrayal to her.

'I'll talk to her brother, but you know that's not how it works! The Goddess has to take into consideration the genetic makeup of someone to match with where there's more potential for reproduction, and those in these types of matings live harmoniously. It's just very stressful for the male, and even then the Goddess gives respite.' I should know... They would come BEGGING to my Temple for it! I'll talk with Moira for an audience with Selene. 

Since my days in Avalon there was still debate on this issue, one of the girls of my year, Autumn, was the Delta daughter of her father's SECOND mate and she said that it was a happy home and that she loved her father's first mate as her own mother. To her and her siblings it was like having two mothers doting on them. She was very clear that her mother was as in love with BOTH of her mates equally. She's a pretty cool chick and her little own group of friends were very nice too. I only curtsied and blew the wind at Blood Moon when she came with Moira, she decided to stay in Avalon and go all the way to her Prime Priestess training. She did mention that her wolf was also blue. Either way I know it must be a BITCH for Selene to sort it out. To recalibrate the damage done by that genocide she must be VERY precise.

'Just talk with her! I don't want another mate not just because Amelia is my Universe, but Izz I won't have time to work on the other stuff we want for our family, Florentino linked saying that he'll introduce our Tío and cousin with multiple mates TOMORROW because they are usually VERY busy with each of their THREE mates and children! You guys would have to get an APPOINTMENT to be able to even see me! Ugh! I don't need that hassle Izzy PLEASE!' I can't help but chuckle, but he's not wrong, he could even loose his company, he wouldn't have time for his other passions.

'I told you I WOULD Maco, chill out! It was hard enough for you to find Amelia and look at poor Salvatore! I bet he spends a good amount of cash at either of The Districts, remember his Lycan is ACTIVE and must be going crazy trying to reproduce, with how apparently okay it is to have a Formal Concubine here I'm kind of curious why he doesn't have one! I'll see if I can put a word for him too! We most definitely need him to be able to really focus on his research, look at the problem the near extinction of ONE breed has caused in our world! Remember it's really personal for us now knowing that we carry the gene! We now have to be more aware of the pups and any other children we ALL have. Now I have to make sure the training and education of the twins is on point! Imagine how it would be if our future Alpha is a Lycan!' He's nodding understanding the other repercussions. It's not just HIM we have watch out for it's ALL of us and the kids! Although the only one of us whose wolf is blue is Maco... Sigh.

This is a little bit uncomfortable for Ura and myself... A few years ago we had a close encounter with a Lycan in Syria. He was fully feral, I tried to control his water, but my powers then are nothing like now and Lycans are extremely strong. Urayoán was watching from a crow's nest he was using for a better position with his favorite rifle to snipe our target, I was to stay close to the ground to pick up the package when Urayoán linked me saying he had scented a Lycan headed my way. When he saw that I was struggling he took the shot hitting him through the eye giving me time to decapitate him. After we finished the mission we checked the Lycans now human body trying to find any signs of who he was but there weren't any, it seemed he was a rogue. OPIA retrieved the body and head. Ura and I weren't ok... Since Lycans are not new to us and we knew how rare they were we didn't want to kill him, but Ura made the call and I gave the killing blow... He started carrying more silver bullets and silver tipped arrows after that. 

It was strange for Ura and me handing in a report indicating how we had just killed a Lycan. Even though our mission was successful and we retrieved the package which we were sent for, we were faced with an impossible decision of ending someone we would really try to help. I felt guilty enough without the people telling Ura and me that no one was blaming us for what happened and that they understood the situation... We knew there were trying to console us but it was making us feel very uncomfortable. "I'm feeling firsthand the feeling you shared with me of how you felt when you returned from Avalon." He was pissed. 

He didn't feel guilty AT ALL! For him it was either his sister or a stranger, PERIOD. The way people were phrasing it indicated that they thought that he could have waited a little longer to make the call since I am a Priestess who should be able to overpower a Lycan, which I was working on. But Ura is extremely practical to the point where if the situation turns into one that you have to make split-second decisions he goes directly to the bones of the original plan. He never lost focus of our original mission...  and the hassle and noise for dealing with the Lycan was more likely than not going to disturb the prey and we would have lost our shot of getting the hell out of Syria sooner which for the past few years is no fun at all! We really wanted to get home ASAP it's not fun to hang out in a country at war. Especially when you have exceptional hearing and they can't stop bombing each other!

Ura's prime instinct of his Gamma is a HUNTER, there is no greater woe to a Hunter than to leave his prized prey slip from his fingers. So we decided to take the Lycan out of the equation so that we could finish our mission and get the hell out of Dodge. He did make sure that the kill was clean as to not inflict any pain on our foe.

It obviously became gossip on the island which pissed him even more! Urayoán hates gossip, he gets his information through all the contacts he has here and usually takes information from first hand accounts. For him, if YOU weren't THERE, you don't don't know jack shit about what really happened.

I just know a few of them, either way, I know to trust his contacts more than the press who loves to embellish gossip...

Now that the world is in the state it was, we had a shot of reclaiming some of our lands back... The protection system towards our Island Maco and Gadiel are working on will also protect Karayita and other small keys in our territory. Karaya is the main island but you could say we're more of a small archipelago and my next move is to increase the number of islands under that archipelago. Ura's contacts have already informed him of several islands in our vicinity that are absolutely empty, mostly just small sand dunes, others as big as Karayita but with a few rich humans... shouldn't be a problem taking. One ended up being three times the size of Karayita more to the South between us and Venezuela. As far as if we have been able to find out it is under the jurisdiction of absolutely no country, only one dude. It's OURS now bitch!
###chapter 179: The Other Side
Place: TWHC ###chapter Washington DC.
Date: Day after the Global Terrorist attack.


Asher's POV

How could this happen?! We had already spoken about possibly being infiltrated by The Osupa, especially after finding out that their new Alpha was a spy herself! Armand and the others were stupid as fuck for attacking Karaya, we had agreed NOT to move forward with that nonsense and now my beloved mate is dead by the command of a BUTCHER! 

We are still trying to determine how many are dead, HELL! We're still trying to determine WHAT they used to blow up the buildings? They're pilles of ashen debris! We have yet to find a SINGLE corpse... They were just incinerated to NOTHING! And with the human authorities swarming every damn building to investigate, it's nearly impossible for us to conduct our own investigations.

"How do you think they were able to coordinate something this big? Is their technology THAT advanced that they can communicate this effectively GLOBALLY?!" William asks furiously. At least our son lives, I have to make sure that he grows up strong, it's the least I owe Deborah. I still don't know how to explain it to him.

"My father had warned them DECADES ago not to stir up that hornet's nest and after Alpha Loiza declared war we had advised to stop the extortion and attacks of the other packs! She literally EXPLODED them in front of everyone to see, we don't even know what fully happened when we sent soldiers into Karaya after the volcano ordeal! Just the gossip of a Priestess who was there and if that gossip IS true, the Goddess herself is kind of mad at US! So what EXACTLY is it you want me to say?!" I don't know who to be mad at anymore. I WILL cut out that BITCH'S heart out and have it as a snack, but these idiots are just as responsable and now they want WHAT?! Not even MY pack stands a chance against The Osupa and we are the largest in Europe... it doesn't matter if we're the last Lycan pack.

"They hail her as Cacique... An old term the packs of the region used to refer to their Alphas before becoming Osupa. Apparently they see her more as a Queen, especially the ones of YOUR people William. I have been hearing rumors that there are Blood Clans ready to join her, apparently the Priestesses of Avalon want to help solidify Selene's power." Robert says downing half a glass of wine, he always has to keep his damn 'style'.

Deborah only stopped in New York before her flight to Zurich to visit with a friend and now I can't get a flight home because every single fucking plane on the globe has been grounded! We tried using our own private jets but The Pentagon grounded us too least we provoke them into shooting us down. Even TRYING to get in contact with anyone back home in the heart of The Alps is proving very challenging and at this point we don't know if it's the humans messing with the world's communication systems or The Osupa. 

"They can hail her as the Goddess herself for all care! SHE HAS TO DIE! We can't allow to be this humiliated!" Idiot! 

"Are you a full on IDIOT Kelsey?! Even the probes we send can only get so close to Karaya before something happens that we loose the feed. Gee I don't know? Maybe the fact that we got as close to them to ALMOST DESTROY THEM, made them raise their already TIGHT DEFENSES! What do you want to do?! We don't even know what intel they have on US NOW! Hundreds of packs are wanting to pledge themselves at least to Avalon if not to her and leave OUR jurisdiction! THEY DECLARED WAR WITH EVIDENCE and WITNESSES! In the eyes of the supernatural world we all KNOW that most will see this attack as JUSTICE!" I rub my face, the pain of not having her is taking it's toll. DAMN your stupidity Armand!

"If even Blood Clans are joining I could infiltrate one and enter the island." William says like it's nothing.

"I hear that they have very gifted Truth Seers and they have the backing of Avalon! After two more Priestesses have joined The Cursed Roses, I don't see how we would find anymore Priestesses willing to help us. You can infiltrate all the Blood Clans you want but how will you enter Karaya William?" At least Robert is keeping a level head.

"I'll find a way." William retorts. I am so DONE with all of them! 

"I DON'T EVEN HAVE MY MATE'S CORPSE TO BURY, TO SHOW MY SON THAT HIS MOTHER IS DEAD!" I roar getting up from my chair. 

All I have in my head right now is how I'm going to explain this to Liam, he's only five years old! No matter how much we tried in her Heats, we only were successful with him. We're supposed to help INCREASE the Lycan population again, but for all our efforts our numbers keep dwindling. 

Father and I had heard rumors that The Osupa have a program with the SAME goal and are succeeding, we wanted to make contact with Alpha Gúarionex to negotiate a posible collaboration and Armand and his brat fuck it all up! How can I ever negotiate with a mass murderer?! I would NEVER allow that psychotic cunt near my son! Will Father still want to negotiate with them? Would he backstab me like that? He still IS Alpha... For him nothing is more important than that goal, even the Council can burn for all he cares.

"Asher, I give my condolences AGAIN, may I remind you that your not the only one! My mate and daughter were in London! You don't see me loosing my shit, I'm thinking about a thousand ways to sink that island! So I suggest you calm your fucking wolf!" Robert thinks he's so fucking cunning! My mate was a TRUE Mate! Of course his pain isn't the same, his was CHOSEN. If it wasn't for Liam I would end myself right now gladly! I waited for her patiently without touching another female to make sure that I would be Blessed with my True Mate soon and when the Goddess granted my sweet Deborah when I was visiting the Dublin ###chapter with Father, I wanted the world for her! I will never scent her beautiful strawberry blond hair again...

"Robert has a point Asher, let's not waler in miniscule details! Just get yourself another mate to raise your pup and give you more! No need for dramatic outbursts, you can go ahead and yodel all you want in your mountains, HERE you shall keep the decorum your father demanded from you! That fucking girl has dealt us the most powerful blow we have ever received in our history, so Kelsey calm down too! We HAVE been humiliated already! A FUCKING GIRL! And you all keep bickering like a bunch of pups!" Xiao thinks he has all the answers because he's an Elder... Another old fossil that should have died ages ago.

"That GIRL is a High Priestess of Avalon! I saw a video where the Goddess shows her favor for this GIRL! That GIRL now has the physiology of an Alpha and the knowledge on how to use that increase in power and that GIRL must have had the FULL SUPPORT of the entire pack to pull of a hunt of this scale! They MUST have some form of radio satellite in that island to be able to communicate worldwide, we have never found any trace of them using any satellite of any country. We have no idea how their technology works!" The humans are on full panic mode! 

Since they left no trace the humans are left scratching their heads, they're blaming each other and threatening to basically destroy the planet. But already we have detected that The Osupa themselves have all nuclear weapons locked! They have EVERYONE in check, not just us. No one in the supernatural world will dare move a finger against them right now! That GIRL has just shown what an exceptional Hunter she is and The Osupa hive mind must be in complete cohesion to be able to achieve this. That is very dangerous for us.

"Mortiana never mentioned anything about a radio satellite or super antenna like we originally thought." Sure Robert.

"As if Mortiana had any time to really verify that information. We need to verify how their technology works, in this I agree with Asher. We must lay low for now. We will work with the vampires but only through William, the last thing we need is for other packs in our jurisdiction want to leave because of entanglements with vampires... A High Priestess... Does anybody know if she has begun Prime Priestess training?" Xiao asks casually. That would be a disaster.

"Karaya is a black hole! I already said that the probes we send are offline the minute they reach their waters! If William DOES succeed on infiltrating the island then we could have a better understanding on how to proceed, however if he gets caught they will torture him to verify why he's there. If they got Tiago to confess who knows what methods they use. We have even offered bribes to some Osupa who we have met for BASIC information BEFORE the blast only for the messenger to be sent back in a small box! What do you think will happen to anyone caught IN their territory? These people are fanatics! And fanatics are dangerous." I can't continue... I desperately need Deborah, I can't think straight since I lost her, this solitude inside my mind without her is swallowing me whole!
###chapter 180: Reincarnation
Kayden's POV


"How much do you remember Grandmother?" After returning from Hacienda Lobo Azul, Nina went with her team to check the conditions at Hacienda Florencia. Izz and I are trying to figure out where Grandmother is in her awakening. 

"I remember who and what I am. I know who both of you are. I know that Gaia has a plan and you two struck a deal so she gets what she wants." A deal?

"Master, do you know what deal we made exactly?! What did we ask for and what was the price?! Do you remember what happened last lifetime?" I have a feeling that I was the one who asked for us not to be Twin Souls this lifetime... Shit! She already knows about Jade. If we aren't Twin Souls she can't know everything inside my head and she hates when I lie or keep something from her.

"Phi remember not to call me Master, I chose to keep my original name to avoid those slip ups! Either way, I'm still putting pieces together, I don't remember what happened past lifetime, but my I do remember that my past body could have easily lived for another 500 years... And yet something did happen that I'm here in this body. I guess it must have been very bad." Her yellow eyes are looking for answers. I'm not liking all these loose ends.

"Babe, do you remember what's your standing with..?" And I pass her a paper with the name Hera. She's in deep though.

"I only have fond memories when I think about her... But I don't think I have seen her in a few lifetimes. Guys I really want to see Artemis and visit with Medusa, maybe we can get some more insight from Hades besides getting our stuff." I agree.

"Hades, uncle, King of the Underworld and Lands of the Dead, welcome us to your realm!" I say out loud hopefully he can give us some clues, he has to respect the contract as well.

We suddenly feel the darkness engulfing us and we are at the shores of The River Styx and we see the Broad Bottom Packet ferried by Charon. He usually will ask for payment but he knows better than to be a nuisance. He ferries us to the gates, Cerberus gives a courtly bow.

In the Throne Room he sits waiting with his vicious smile.

"Well, it was about time you all woke up! Persephone is on her way... Summer... You know." Indeed, Demeter needs to hang out with her 'little girl'. He comes over and embraces Phi looking her up and down and then me.

"Well so far you're both looking ok... Phoebe why are you starting a new life cycle?!" What?

"You don't know?!" I asked him shocked.

"Hades are you serious?! You don't know?!" Grandmother asks.

"All of you told me to keep out of the negotiating this time! Artemis was there but you know she won't betray your secrets. Nephew, all you told me was that my fish tank for Poseidon would be inhabited soon." Now he's in deep though. Shit!

"And here we thought we could get answers from you... But still, you say that Apollo promised to fill your tank?" Phi looks at me, but I don't remember!

"Let me guess, neither of you are fully awake? This is strange... Is Gaia giving you a mission? Maybe that's why I wasn't invited..." Persephone arrived in her black carriage with Artemis and... Ares?

"It's about time you awakened!" Artemis jumps off and jumps me... As usual. She wraps her arms around my neck and I'm suddenly feeling like I can't breathe!

"Artemis! You're killing my man!" Phi points to my face turning blue... Artemis forgets that she is a Goddess and I'm just a mortal. And she gives me a sheepish look loosening her grip.

"I'm so sorry brother! Shit! I hate this! I miss you guys!" She lets me go and pushed Persephone who was embracing Phi and gave her a squeeze!

"I miss you both so much! Uncle, isn't there anyway that they can come back if they do kill that asshole?!" Phi is inhaling Artemis's golden curls and hugging her back for dear life. I used to always love this sight! 

"No. They made their choice. It would require the power of Zeus and I doubt your father will be that magnanimous." He gives Phi a bittersweet smile as Persephone goes to his arms.

"What I want to know is what are you doing here?" Grandmother asks Ares as he came to give me a hug.

"HEY! I'm helping!" He answered outraged. Helping?

"And why and how are you helping exactly? Are you having a little lover's quarrel with Aphrodite again?" Phi and I look over at him. He closes his eyes.

"Phoebe can you please not name her? It's been more than 400 years since I've heard that cursed name!" He gives Phi a kiss on her cheeks.

"You were always smarter than me brother, if I would have been smarter I would have definitely tried harder to pursue Amphitrite instead of leaving you have her!" Uff, what happened?

"As if! Sorry big guy, you had ZERO chance! What did she do THIS time? If what you say is true then this would be the longest you two have been apart." Phi always would put him in his place, yet she loves him very much and goes to him raking her fingers through his hair. He just hugged her waist and started weeping. This is not normal. I go to them and Phi is giving me this worried look.

"He's not lying, Ares what happened?" Grandmother is looking concerned as well. He's starting to regain some composure.

"Artemis, what happened?!" She gives him a gloomy look. And sits next to him putting her arm around him.

"Eros wanted his father to know what REAL love was like... He fell for a human and was going to renounce his immortality to be with her when she was about to give birth. Aphrodite was furious and sent her to The Third Realm..." Persephone explained. Fucking bitch!

"WHAT?! Oh sweetie, how long did it take you to find her?" Phi asked looking at me with sadness in her eyes. In The Third Realm time works different from this one... It's like Avalon, which is in The Fifth Realm, but instead of not having to worry about time, in The Third Realm time moves forward VERY fast! 

"An hour! A fucking HOUR! I gave that cunt EVERYTHING of me for AGES and never once did she show that I was of any importance to her! Tamara gave me more in a decade than that bitch ever did and I fucking FAILED her! She was almost decayed by the time I found her and it was because Uncle felt when The Fates cut her string." Uncle embraced Persephone harder.

"Olympus is a bloody mess nephew, it has been for quite some time. The time of the gods of Olympus is almost at an end. Your father has no more worshippers... Frankly I have my Realm intact because of the nature of it... It's not like mortals will stop dying. Ares and Athena still stay strong because war will probably always be worshipped. Dionysus is always doing pretty well too, but Zeus? His power dwindles by the day. And Poseidon also grows weak! Don't tell me because I don't want to screw you guys over with Gaia, but the contamination the humans are producing is indeed weakening both Poseidon and Gaia. I can only come to my own conclusion that Gaia is more than willing to get rid of Poseidon, who doesn't do anything to protect his domain... I can only deduce that she may want Triton to rule." He's now in deep though.

"Does... He know about Triton?" Phi asks now in my arms afraid of the answer. I look at Hades but he comes and strokes her cheek softly with the back of his fingers.

"No my darling girl, Persephone's spell is holding strong!" What was the spell? He can of course read me.

"My Love they need the explanation again!" She gives a chuckle.

"It's fine! My darlings, I took away your scent Apollo. I can't give him Poseidon's scent because he's not his father, but I was able to take yours out of the equation Apollo. The spell can only be broken if I die, or the second Poseidon dies. That way the oceans continue to be guarded and there's a continuous hierarchy so that chaos doesn't take over." Phi facepalms herself remembering Pasha.

"Hey! You stop that right now young lady! Selene had Pasha's consent to take your place! You are all only partially awake and it will take years before you fully remember everything, but before each reincarnation we are all given a choice for who we want to be. Pasha was made aware of your situation and wanted the freedom of the ocean, she was more than happy to take your place Amphitrite child! It's a good thing that you both are bonding." Persephone always knows how to give her a pep talk!

"Does she know? Is she aware of it?" My beautiful Neriad always needs to double check.

"Of course not! Mortals only remember their past lives when they die. Now can you please relax?! Phi, it's fine! And now more so since she basically is under your protection, but still she's also protected by Triton! You both have a wonderful boy as a son. However he already knows your location my dear, he has been tempted to see you, but both Gaia and Selene have advised against it. A little visit could mean HIM finding you both." I hold Her thightly. I can scent her distress... I coo her to relax her.

"Phi, Triton is strong. We will see him again Love, ok? Don't worry." Artemis has her arms around Ares, he's still not looking well.

"Phi seriously, Ares, Dionysus and myself check on all of them! They are well. Rhodes is safe with Helios and Cymopolea was asking about being mortal and joining both of you. She's been miserable for almost a thousand years now... I told her that I would ask you the minute I saw you next. Hera has her stashed away like she did with you and went to negotiate with Gaia but neither of you had been reborn yet." I feel her fury and a few of her tears fall on my chest. 

Cymmy was a wonderful daughter but Father insisted on giving her to his buddy Briareus and Phi had no say in the matter, especially after Poseidon agreed.

"I knew that twisted asshole would be terrible for my little girl! I can speak with Hera myself! If she would give up her immortality I would be ecstatic about having her in my arms again!" I look at my sister with a pleading look.

"We would have her immediately sister! When did you get so buddy, buddy with Hera?" She scoffs.

"Yeah, we're tight as thieves! What's wrong with that mortal brain of yours brother?! After getting called EVERY name in the book and only because Cymmy asked for me was that I was permitted to see her! You can imagine how our darling step mommy welcomed me. Anyway, neither of you is to go near Hera, she's actually putting her neck on the line and it's only because it's Amphitrite's daughter. Her powers are getting weaker as well, and we can only transport her HERE if you agreed to her rebirth." My darling girl! 

"Well tell her we agree ASAP! Uncle can she come now?" He looks at Persephone.

"I have to negotiate with Gaia, but she had already showed that she would be fine with it and Cymmy is of water... It could work! I'll ask Gaia for an audience. Once we reach an agreement we will send word with Moira. I'll go at once! Who knows how long she'll leave me waiting, you know how she is. When is your next Heat Phi? We're going to have to measure this carefully." Izzy's now calculating and she looks at me. She's not sure.

"We're not sure Artemis, everything in this lifetime has been bizarre! The woman I was born to was a psychotic cunt! You have no idea how much I miss Mother." Phi wrapped her arms around my chest, I couldn't help kiss her head and caress her soft hair. 

Her powers were already becoming weak last time I saw her alive, Artemis was with her when she returned to Delos were she finally turned into one of her beloved wolves and joined a pack that was protected by Artemis. She eventually died as a common she wolf. Grandmother was devastated, however she's in Selene's Realm peacefully...
###chapter 181: The God of War
Phoebe's POV

"I'll be going now, wish me luck that she will meet me soon! She should know when your next Heat will come." There's another way...

"Persephone, they might not have to wait for their next Heat! Phi, Kayden can try to impregnate you the way Orocobix has done so." This is my sweet great granddaughter, I didn't want her with that beast and I don't think I'll ever be ok with Hera.

"I would definitely LOVE to try!" Kayden says with a huge grin! While Phi jabbed his ribs with her elbow pouting. He grabs her mischievously by the waist and passionately kisses her.

After Artemis presented her friends I became very interested in the mind of that young Neriad. Medusa was sweet enough but she wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed! The fire eyed daughter of Doris has a mind equal to my own and possibly faster than that of Athena!

Any bit of information I shared with her, she would analyze and deconstruct to it's most basic form only to reconstruct it in her own vision of simple practicality! It was astounding! It was almost opposite of how Athena thinks. She is more rigid with her thoughts and strategies and to be fair she's not the Goddess of Strategical Knowledge for nothing! But Phi being a Neriad of water gave her the edge of fluidity! She could swim through the sharpest hurdles with the ease of an eel, and has something Athena can never have because of her fire nature... Creativity and mutability! Phi believed every plan was achievable if the plan is PERFECT from start to finish.

Apollo always had his little competitions with Athena but he never stood a chance to best her. Apollo was beloved among the gods for the gifts he gave humanity... Even liberating Prometheus! He who gifted fire to humans and was condemned to eternity's pain of having his liver eating every day! 

Athena however was REVERED! She had a mayor Greek state honor her by naming itself after her of a city that carries her name to this day! She held herself in radiance that day and stood to the right of Zeus. Ugh! How sickening! I had already granted Apollo the Oracle of Delphi, but to have a state named after you was another matter entire... The eternal feud.

Since starting to wake I have been thinking a lot about how her mind works and the potential deals that would have been struck in the last negotiations

My darling Leto was Goddess of motherhood and fertility... She gave up to easily but I have always respected the decisions of all my children. 

"Ha! You can try brother, I have never had a nice rumble with a she wolf, it should be easy enough for a god... I could always volunteer!" Ugh! This boy doesn't change!

"Seriously?! Ares your own ego is going to be your downfall. And here I thought you were so heartbroken! My answer is a most definite NO!" Izzy scowled at him while Kayden just rolled his eyes and flipped him off and Hades smacked the back of his head.

"HEY! It's just a joke! I AM hurting badly here Phi! At least I can come and see Tamara from time to time... But of course, she doesn't remember who I am!" I look over at Hades, he notices and shrugged while rubbing his face.

"Wait, why doesn't she remember you?" Kayden took Izz in his arms... To have a loved one forget you even after death takes a powerful spell.

Hades shook his head a bit exasperated... "Unfortunately, because Aphrodite still is Goddess of not just beauty but love, it kinda gives her some veto like power to Eros's arrows. Before leaving Tamara in the Third Realm, she reversed the effects of the magic of the arrow and fully erased Ares from her memories. She's comfortably in Elysium, but I can't reverse what Aphrodite did. I had hoped her magic would end the moment the girl died and yet, it didn't..." He's so confused about it and pissed as fuck! He's not happy that the spell of a Goddess like Aphrodite can endure inside HIS Realm.

"How can a spell from Aphrodite of all people have power HERE?! That's ludicrous! Ares I'll see if we can find a counter spell. When did she get that kind of a power boost?!" Izzy looks like she's going to be sick and Kayden has his nose at his Mark on her neck. It was also an arrow of Eros that made them inseparable, but Apollo already was infatuated with Phi before that. With so much time that they have built their own affection for each other, they really don't rely on Eros's spell anymore, however they're nervous. Even Hades is uncomfortable... His love for Persephone started off the same way.

"She didn't get any power boost! It's just that she was so pissed that she used everything she had to spite me! Can you fucking believe that?! She's been very weak since because of it... She even reached out to Eros but he has refused to see her since. Hephaestus still loves and dotes on her. He can keep that cold hearted bitch! I was even thinking about joining you dumbasses, but just like I stay strong because of the humans' lust for war, so does Athena. Gaia has promised that if the contract you two negotiated was successful I might be able to join you, Athena can keep at it." Ares says bitterly. Artemis looks at us looking for answers while she's sitting next to the brooding God of War rubbing his back. Never would I think I would ever see such a sight.

"Artemis can you give us a hint?!" Kayden asks his sister but we all know she can't say a word. Instead she goes back to the chariot and gets their weapons.

"You know I can't brother... Here, I know Moira gave you your sword. Please guys, just keep letting great grandmother guide you. If the plan works we will all be free, that's all I can say brother." Kayden clicks his tongue.

"Fine! Ares you say Athena's power is strong?" Kayden pases Izz her trident and she inspects the sharp edges before taking her bow and verifying the string.

"Kinda. But since wars today are being played more emotionally it gives ME an edge! Her way of war is more meticulous and based on strategy... That's why she destroyed us in Troy. But in these more modern times the root of the wars has been less about conquest and more about all these holy crusades and jihads! Since they're more based on ideologies they turn into emotional powder kegs! The Romans made sure to run an efficient army whose soldiers were also builders. Alexander the Great had a vision, even good ole Genghis Khan had an effective communication system in place and a specific targets! Now a days humans are just focused on the PROFITS of war and it's driving Athena NUTS! She can't believe how stupid humans have become and right now HER type of warfare is really not being taken into account. 

"The greed of humans has moved away from meticulous strategy to all out destruction like that Atomic Bomb and those drone missiles! Why plot something with precision when you can just blast it to shit?! It's not just blood lust, it's watching out for the bottom line! I even had a discussion about it with Athena and to be fair not only does it weaken her just a bit, we both find it a bit disgusting. It's just a money venture now! Plutus is doing wonderful because of it and even he is a little worried." The humans will destroy this planet soon at the rate their going.

"I have a counter balance to that! You guys will see it once we make sure to put it in place. This has become a corporate world and we must adapt to it and use it to our advantage and ends as much as we can, and what better moment than NOW?! The humans won't recover from this for quite a while... Just be on the lookout. As for Athena, I would enjoy watching her wither into nothing! Which by the way Hades, can I have a chat with Medusa?" She always asks for a visit. Hades presses his lips and gives her a bittersweet nod. Those three would spend days hunting and having fun, when Phi awakens fully they can all reunite. Those in Elysium don't know they're dead... Usually the pain of the dead belongs to the living.

"Yes my dear, I'll take both you and Artemis to visit Medusa, Ares do you want to visit with Tamara? Maybe Apollo and Phoebe can see something we haven't." He gives me a look for a little hope, I can only shrug at him, I have no clue! He looks a little dejected but nods. He really feels bad for Ares, Hades always has a bad rep from humans but he never asked to be Lord of the Underworld, and even then... The fact that he was so close to such a painful aspect of human grief, it made him very sensitive and emphatic. The charge he originally didn't want, made him much more humane because of it.

Ares doesn't look enthusiastic but Kayden puts his arm around him: "Brother, let us have a look! Either way we'll try to see what we can find among the pack we live in now and we'll get Moira to check in the library at Avalon." Ares nods rubbing his forehead.

"Sure, it's not like I can feel more disappointed than I already am! Oh and Phi, that coven that your thinking about bringing in, do so! I actually started that war... Oops! That witch buddy of yours Apollo was trying to get me a spell Persephone wanted to try out with your cousin Hecate to try to regain Tamara's mind... Her coven had the grimoire with the most precise spell yet the page where the spell was in had it's own hex and rendered every witch in that Coven to forget to tap into their pure magic and now can only achieve power through blood magic... Hecate has been trying to sort it out, but she doesn't have the might of Avalon." Damnit to Hells!

"Great Ares! What a delicate touch! Ask Hecate what she needs we'll see how we can smooth this out. Can't YOU do anything to stop them?!" I ask this stupid boy! 

"Give me a break Phoebe I'm trying! That's one of the reasons I met with Athena. We have enough with the humans to have to worry about the witches ending the planet another way. That coven started a trend of relying more on blood magic than ever! The spell used by Mortiana LeFey against Karaya caused even more conflict between the covens, many are afraid of what you did to the other warewolves and those who have been partaking in that kind of magic are however becoming bold to keep up with it! Hecate is at her wits end! Phi, Hecate is no friend of Father and abhors Poseidon. Phoebe please meet up with her and hear what she has to say, she's also your granddaughter and you know she can help. Many of the Priestesses of these covens have been trying to gain Avalon's favor, so check that with Moira as well." For this boy to be so willing to work with Athena is a miracle in itself, but for him to be consorting with my dear Hecate is astonishing! He's never been dumb, but his impulsive nature always ruins his rational side.

"Ares what do you propose? I already gave the ok to take in Maddame LaCroix and her Coven." He sighed.

"Remember that they too practice blood magic but it's very measured and they not just hold worship to Selene and The Orishas, they also worship Hecate. She has other covens she wants to protect Apollo, I suggest you speak with your cousin, this 'Witch War' is taking a toll on her and it's causing havock in her Realm. Sigh... My recklessness caused this and as much as I should be enjoying this I really am not. I did it to at least have Tamara's eyes look at me like before... But she wouldn't want any of this. Eros and Psyche are with Hecate now trying to cast a new spell on one of his arrows to make me forget her... She's gone and she's living happily in Elysium, it's best I let her go." The God of War learned to truly love someone... Usually one knows when you're willing to let go for the sake of who you love.
###chapter 182: Civilization
Kayden's POV

After coming back home Izz has just been out on the balcony with a joint and a beer with Sophia nibbling corn from her. She's always silent when she visits with Medusa with that lost sorrowful look in her eyes. She fed the pups and I took over to put them to sleep, I just started talking to them about my mother... The Goddess Leto. I linked Mónica to take them to the nursery, they're sleeping soundly through the night now and last night they slept between us. The combined scent of all three made me sleep like a log!

I can feel her anger through the Bond. Her fantasy of skinning Athena, Poseidon and Zeus alive while listening to their screams of agony... It's always in the back of her mind. I used to be an obedient son... What an idiot! I would skin my father if I could too!

She's also worried about Cymmy. People think that because your a god it means you can do and have everything you want... If giving my Beloved woman to his brother almost drove me mad, him giving our daughter to that animal made me want to kill him! I guess this is TWO I owe Hera... SHIT!

After Mónica and Danika took the pups I joined her in the couch outside and sat down next to her wrapping my arms around her, she snuggled laying her head on my chest making Sophia fly to her perch. I know she doesn't want to talk about Medusa... Artemis doesn't like it either. I don't think that is a wound that will ever heal in both their hearts.

"I looked over Tamara, I don't think there's anything that can be done about her memories, she carried the Mark of Venus. I will return to Hades when Persephone has word from Gaia and I'll summon Hecate then, I think that liberating Ares from the spell will work." She scoffs.

"The Mark of Venus... What a fucking cunt! Even if SHE dies that girl will never remember Ares. Why are they like this?! It's just petty and cruel and childish! Kayden I don't care about those cunts, I want my little girl in my arms! And here I was hoping for a longer break before being pregnant again but I'm not leaving her to be found by your fucking father." I'll make sure that she's well taken care of, she won't be alone this time.

"I know sweetheart, I wanted to kill Father for that. I'll talk with Daniella to verify your next Heat and with Orocobix so he can give me more details about getting her here faster in the chance the Heat takes too long. You know that I'm going to make sure that this pregnancy goes well, right Love?" I could feel her nodding and taking a deep breath to help her calm down. We usually just make love and have children easily, this time we have our child waiting for us to do the deed so she can join us already! The moment I fertilize Izzy's egg, Cymmy's soul will possess it and her consciousness will be transferred to the zygote. Her Goddess body will die... It HAS to be precise! By Gaia, I have to inform Moira to not allow her to watch! Those sickos will have to WATCH us and be on the dot the moment the egg is fertilized! 

Now that I remember, I saw the moment that Keaton impregnated Lydia with me!

She starts laughing!

"You're really still thinking like a wolf who has adapted to HUMAN ways instead of your own nature! My Love, she won't care! I didn't care about my Mami doing The Nasty with my Dad!" Ugh! That's nasty as FUCK! And she can't stop laughing! At least she's laughing.

"The moment your disgust hit your emotions I got a hard whiff of that! Ja ja ja! At least your adapting to your Kayden persona better, you're adorable my beautiful sun god!" She wraps her arms around my chest getting herself more comfortable and my heart feeling as light as a feather with her in my arms. 

"It will be so lovely to have her with us again, the good thing is that she is of water, when she starts awakening it will be simpler for her." I'll also make sure that she gets the proper Marks and tattoos to make her invisible to Olympus.

She stayed quiet. I feel all the things that are burdening her mind. I know what her next play will be and I doubt any creature of the supernatural world would have come up with a more creative way to take over the human world with their own weapons! This will definitely be interesting and for this she wants Marcus, Antoine, Ishaan, ex Alpha Stefan, and myself leading this. Depending on the meeting we will have she'll verify with the Betas, her Council and OPIA on how best to proceed.

"Nina said that the Historical Society will buy everything that we have to sell, Nía, Freya, Tali and Morgana are over at the house picking and choosing what dresses and heirlooms they want to keep." She just wants to talk about simple things... I kiss the top of her head.

"Do you want to go over and check out what you want?" She touches the gold pendant she had around her neck of a Taíno Sun symbol from the town of Utuado, located in her family's original island. One of many heirlooms of her family, but this one she's been wearing since her days in Avalon. Kiskeya put it around her neck when she left, her father had commissioned this simple pendant the size little larger than a quarter, when him and Kiskeya were teenagers. The Mirabals hail specifically from that part of Borikén and the symbol is present in many places around their main house like the heads of the chairs in the Dinning Hall. I remember seeing it on her the first time I saw her getting off the plane in Blood Moon but I didn't pay it any mind, it's ironic that she was wearing a golden medallion symbolizing the Sun.

"Nah, Nina knows exactly what I want and had already put it in my room so it wouldn't be taken, she'll later restore and fix anything so it will be ready for Morgana's spell. Most of the items I want I already have and use... That's why Lola isn't partaking either, years ago we went through everything with Dad's permission like if was a shopping spree and we have been using that ever since. Babka had A LOT of really nice clothes and in perfect condition, so we didn't find the need to spend a ton of money when we had bitching clothes at home and since nobody was using it, Dad was happy that his Mom's clothes were being given new life! When the others saw Lola and me dressing in Babka's clothes they saw how good we looked and decided to rave the vault too! We really only have to focus on the stuff before those eras and we can always borrow anything we want, but it's best the people enjoy it! Paco, Jorel and Papo have been bitching to their family for years about keeping so much crap! Everytime we go visit, especially for the Day of the Dead it's a pain in the ass! But having ALL of it is ridiculous! Besides, the REALLY good jewelry we usually don't take ownership of since most of it is very unpractical to wear everyday! We just go to the house and borrow it. I don't even like having The Guanín here, I accepted the other jewelry because it's made specifically for me and my reign, but The Guanín isn't mine! I just hope it's a fad and I can put it back in it's glass case soon!" I was never taught to be frugal at all, but Keaton did teach us A LOT about managing and investing money and both Marcus and I did go to business school. 

I know why Keaton did it... We were going to be his fucking retirement administrators. Either way I am grateful for those lessons! 

Beta Aymaco went further with how he educated his offspring... Even Ayiti is quite frugal. When Maco, Amelia and Bayo sat with Marcus, Ishaan, Tony and myself so that we would have a look at the family's books our jaws dropped. They weren't as ridiculously wealthy as Antoine, but they were wealthier than the rest of us combined.

The purpose of sharing that information wasn't to show off either, again Antoine's fortune alone is greater than theirs by far. But since we were all chipping in to the family's wealth they don't think it's honorable that we are kept in the dark of where the money we're chipping in is going. As Betas, Marcus and Ishaan are way better at numbers than the rest of us so Bayoán will continue his Beta duties while Marcus and Ishaan help Maco and Amelia with the family's finances.

And in spite of their wealth they're all still pretty frugal, except for Nina, and even she thinks some of the stuff we have is absurdly expensive for it's value! 

"If you're going to spend an obscene amount of money the LEAST you should do is spend it on something that matches the price tag! And really? You were complaining about Tommy's suits?! Those ARE WORTH their price! Three million dollars on ONE car... Pffft!" She scolded her mate, Marcus and me. Tony just nods and tells her she's absolutely correct! It's funny as fuck! But she has a point. She herself is a high roller, but through Tali's and Izzy's memories, Marcus and I started to understand what she meant. 

Everytime Nina makes a purchase she studies VERY carefully what she's paying for... The materials, the craftsmanship, the design, the tailoring, she's extremely meticulous! Since she does most of the cooking and is in charge of what crops will be grown in Hacienda Florencia and the orchard she wants for the house she's been checking different seeds, roots and some samples... So far she's only been satisfied with two exporters. She also wants to build a greenhouse at Hacienda Florencia for speciality crops... Fruits and vegetables that are harder to grow in the tropics yet are used in special dishes. Already many chefs are asking for certain crops! It was a very good idea and needless to say we were pretty impressed!

These crops will be more expensive, but since they will be locally grown the chefs and their pupils want them badly because the fresher the produce is, the better the food they prepare will taste helping them make a name for themselves in the pack. 

The Khatris, Ishaan's family are very alike to the Mirabals in their frugal nature. Either way Marcus is helping Adam sort out his own finances, him and Aaron stayed in their family home back in Virginia, so they really didn't have major expenses and they have some savings and bonds their parents left them. It's not as much as what we have but it's a good sum, and him and Umbros insisted in chipping in. Aaron and his mate want to stay in their apartment and have already the paper work to fully purchase it but are going to send the boys to study and be trained at The Fort. Either way Adam told Umbros that he wants a house by Caney Lake in the new city, Nina's going to take them to check out some plots next week.

Ishaan's cousins Ishika and Rian are Kappas who are particularly gifted in agriculture, they are going to be moving into the village close to the hacienda with the rest of his large family, since it's in better condition and can be updated much faster. After she's done with handing everything to the Historical Society, Nina will join them to start the ball rolling there and she will also be close to the Caney District to finish the city. After that's settled she'll start with everything else that they want to do to the house and she's already chosen two particular lots in Karayita that she had already checked out and Maco, Ura and Tony are going to check out tomorrow.

Because of how the market has crashed in the human world, the companies we brought took a hit but it's bearable, Tony's is already being worked on and him and Louis have been coming back and forth to put it back on track. 

The humans are going crazy trying to sell off their real estate to have more liquid founds, so the vineyard Keaton wanted is now little over 30% cheaper! Marcus was ported to California to purchase it ASAP! 

Wolf Skull and other local tech companies had already developed an A.I. system for crop nurturing and collection that has been working locally for almost a decade. It will be implemented there to restore the roots of the vines that are in the best condition and help them reproduce... For this Ishaan's younger brother Viyaan who's a pretty savvy Beta in business too and his mate Cleo Reyes, along with his Auntie and two of his cousins who are also gifted Kappas at agriculture are going to take over and report what is needed and they have already requested Warriors to scout and have security at the perimeters. 

Casimar and Braka are going to send Daguao and a few more members of their house and some other soldiers until a security system can be put in place. Not only do they want to make sure Cleo is secure, they want to scout the market as well. The world's economy is crashing but the economy here had a massive boost because of the mermaids and the collective wealth of the packs that had any. Pasha and the others want full citizenship. 

Already Víctor is extremely excited by the fact that his Heat with Magdalena was successful and Jana has become very friendly with Sybil and Corelia so they're both drafting a new deal with the mermaids to make their citizenship oficial. They have indeed become an extra security system for the island and it's waters and I have already explained to Pasha about Izzy and me when I informed her about Jade's scent. She already knew the story about why she exists and about what happened to Amphitrite, she just didn't know it was us! 

"Loiza is our friend, she protects us and we her and her pups and Karaya. I will mobilize some of my subjects to monitor HIS movements and no mermaid shall mention HIS name anywhere near these waters, yet we still will not say anything to your son unless you or Loiza expressly command it. I do not wish to expose Lord Triton." Now that she's fully informed she knows how to instruct her people better. Izzy had already commanded a special bunker be built at the bottom of Caney Lake in case the mermaids needed shelter from threats from the sea.

"I'm sorry..." I tell my sweet mate.

"For what Love?" She KNOWS! She starts laughing again.

"You don't have to apologize my Sun. I know you're trying to protect me, you always have and I will always love you for it!" She sits up and taking my face in her hands kisses me deeply... How I live to be loved by her! She looks into my eyes smiling...

"We're to old for secrets between us Kayden Black and I know all your tells, we still don't really know what bargain we reached last time, but I have a feeling now that it has nothing to do with lies. But between you and me there can never be lies or half truths." She starts laughing again making me smile. It's true and it makes sense, even when we have tried we always failed at lying to each other, that's why we wanted the Twin Soul mating more often than not... I think we didn't do it last time either. Leaving only one possibility...

"Not dying together... Before we would be born at the same time, die at the same time. I think it wasn't just this or last time, I think this is the third time we've done this. I'm not sure. But it's fine Beloved, I have a strong feeling that we made sure to plan it perfectly. For some reason I feel like all these obstacles we've been having have a purpose and that this island is the principal player in Gaia's plan." It would make sense. All these islands are basically the ruins of Atlantis. The greatest civilization ever recorded... It's not called The Antilles for nothing!
###chapter 183: Sleep
Loiza's POV: 

Tía finally talked with Cesar and Catalina about her affair with their father and that Umbros, Lola and Natalia were their siblings. I had no interest in joining that circus! But we pay attention to what Tali tells us happened in The Circle.

"It's pretty amazing that they didn't lose their shit! I mean seriously! Tía was a menace! I had my fun but I never wrecked any home... At least not to my knowledge or intent!" This is Marcus's first official Circle and he already will be bombarded by The Nina Shit Show Hour!

"Tali what did they say about moving into the Small House? They will be just as honored and welcomed as Alex is." Tía be damned, this is her mess big time, but they are also Osupa and my people either way and siblings of my kin. 

"They were hesitant about it at first but Lola insisted on how much we could use their help to strengthen the family and since they themselves have no more family they accepted! Umbros, Adam, Marcus and Tony are going to help them get their stuff at Atabex City while the others are prepping the house. They're really not angry at Mami but they're not ready to deal with that part of the news just yet and just want to enjoy the having more family part for now. We already talked with Anacaona for sessions were Mami can partake so that they can be able to communicate, but at the same time they admitted that their parents were miserable together since they can remember, so it was pretty depressing either way. For a while all three of us though we were lab rats of Mami of some sort, until we at least discovered that we all had the same father and that made us think of artificial insemination, but we couldn't find a DNA match in the database! Either way they were thrilled! Their scent was odd to us when we were there but Umbros couldn't trace any falsehoods from them and I couldn't read them because they obviously didn't know." I look over at Marcus and Ura starts laughing when he notices and we see Marcus just looking adoringly at Tali. He's almost out for the count!

Freya had fallen asleep two joints ago and Tony was explaining a few things about the Alpha training to Kayden, we've just been getting hammered with local artisanal rum that Víctor handed over so we can have a taste since it was approved for consumption, and Ura had jacked another few bottles! Kayden doesn't know anything about the training because I myself haven't started it either, so he is a little nervous, he knows that when it's this type of team based training you definitely get scrutinized by the tribe and everyone starts studying who is someone worthy to be in battle with. It's basically establishing your street cred among the pack. 

Since this is exactly how we trained in Avalon I've always felt pretty comfortable in this environment. Either way Abuelo gave me the report that many weren't adapting fast enough and sometimes allowing small distractions to break their focus. That distraction... Nudity. Since we're children we never see the grownups shy away when they would shift, this is engrained in our psyche. It's not just that we embrace our bodies... It's that we embrace LIVING! A split second can be the difference between life or death, so if you waste even a second on something as trivial as awkwardness it can cost your life! Also it's very natural in Avalon, every Ascension would be basically christened in a ritual bath that would be purified by every Priestess present, you draw power from the collective through every pore.

Víctor said it best when he mentioned that it will be the next generation the ones who will be able to be as powerful as the ones who already grew up here. This is what we have known our whole lives! When the Spanish invaded our lands the natives and our ancestors didn't understand the garments of the 'New Gods'. Our ignorance of our enemy was almost our demise...

Our ancestors dressed according to the weather and in the tropics... There's really no need for much! Modesty came when the invaders brought their god to these lands, but the creatures of Selene KNOW they are of Selene, she is the one who grants OUR Blessings. We have taken to a lot of human clothing, but they have no idea how many of OUR artists have inspired them... Some of their artists who have used designs by students of our fashion school in the Art Department of the the University! 

Every year for NY Fashion Week, the Met Gala and huge human fashion events students 'Let Slip' their work that their professors have already graded as Original Material, then we place bets on which students will have THEIR work stolen by a renowned fashion designers to present as their own work! Those who's works have been used get startup commissions to extort the designer later and basically be able to keep presenting THEIR work on the world stage. Master Ximena designed two runways for Oscar de la Renta, three for Versace, two for Valentino and one for Alaïa. She made her point, now she dresses me!

There's always a way for ANYONE, no matter the rank, to earn respect and recognition within the tribe. That's why the test to leave the island is for EVERYONE! And that's why there are safe houses all over the globe. 

Damn we really need to fix up that house in Granada! Yes it belongs to our family, however it carries spells and enchantments for protection against human eyes! So it's considered a pack safehouse in the case of an emergency... To enter all you have to do is prick your thumb in a mechanism, it will read and decode your blood, once it reads you are Osupa you're granted access. Almost every family in the island has contributed one or two, the vineyard in Nappa will eventually be added, but since it's going to be used as a business in the human world we can't cloack it like the house in Granada. 

"Either way the house is pretty lively now with everyone who has already moved in and Amelia has been doing really well with the changes!" Nina jumps in taking a shot of the rum. I look over at Kayden and he shoots me a smile and a wink, his Blessing is working! Her mind is healing faster. 

"Yeah no shit! Adam's nephews Ben and Jeremy and Ishaan's niece Inaaya and some of his little cousins have taken over the game room! And Santino is REALLY good! Maco and I took turns least night trying to beat him but the little shit is brutal and merciless! Maco added him to the team that's working on that defense system. Tía María was very pleased with having her son playing with the big boys on something she knows will be important for the island even though she doesn't know what it is. Our young cousin is a pretty cool kid!" Ura takes a shot and a hit and passed the joint to Marcus, but he's out! And Talia starts giggling.

"Here I'll take his! Yo Kayden he's been sleeping a lot lately, should I be worried?" She asks him raking her fingers through Marcus's hair.

"Nah, he's had a rough year too and he's always been going overboard with his duties, he's just exhausted and feels like he can finally rest." He goes over to where Marcus is and checks him and Tali motions to him to lay his head on her lap and she starts playing with his curls.

"That's what I feel from Frey from time to time, she's fine but there are moments like now that she just allows herself to just sleep! There were a few times in her life that she would go on for weeks and months without barely any sleep, I guess they're making up for it now." Tony wrapped his arms around Nina and kissed her cheek.

"Almost all of us who are not originally from here are having that experience! The last few years were brutal and sleep came so hard if at all, I just have to scent my mate and knowing how secure we are I feel like I can sleep for days! And when we go off on runs, uff! I feel like new! Even you guys who have been in the field knew that you could always return to the safety of Karaya and that your family and people were safe. Regardless of even what The Council did, the evacuation plans you had in place saved you as much as Izzy's efforts! And with the extra security you have been adding and since many are accepting therapy it's really been helping everyone be more relaxed. You guys really take it for granted! Regardless of how many mistakes your ancestors may have done, they made sure to give you all a true sanctuary where you could all thrive as you have." Kayden took me in his arms when Tony was explaining his point on the matter. He was remembering how his days would start before dawn inspecting the perimeter of their territory with Marcus and their father when they were just pups, making him scoff.

"Did your father make you get up before dawn to check the borders?" Tony snorted.

"Oh yeah... He wanted a report from every sentinel about ANY activity during their shift, my old man started taking me out when I turned 6, now all we have to do is wait for the alarms and the sentinels are probably playing poker by the security system! Having a satellite is more convenient than I could ever imagine! But I actually enjoyed those times with my my father! He would shift and he would let me ride on him until I could shift myself, there's very little I have to complain about my parents. My father actually reminds me a lot to the memories I get from you all about Beta Ayato, he was indeed a stern man but he was devoted to my mother and me and the pack, and Isla reminds me of my mother very much, she was a Sigma with a pretty gentle nature and used to like tinkering with clocks instead of knitting and my father indulged her in her 'hobby'... Now I actually know it was her true talent and calling, not a mere hobby. I'm sorry about how your parents turned out Kayden, my parents did spoil me though, it made me shallow and reckless and yet it's still no excuse for my own stupidity. Sigh, all I can do now keep fixing their own legacy and reclaim our territory as we fix the company's finances, once the security system Santino is prepping for the premises of the recovered buildings we will include them as safe houses." We feel our brother's pain, Nina gives him a deep kiss and hugs him, I sat next to him and smooched his cheek and Ura shoved us both off Tony and hugged him. 

"Seriously Ura! He's MY mate!" He kisses her forehead smiling... He's drunk and high as fuck!

"And he's my brother and your my sister, Nina I'm sorry I came down hard on your ass sweetheart, and I should've chosen another time, but for real Nina remember that we still would hang out with you. We love you!" And he just smooched her too. She just pouted and gave him the stink eye and Tony couldn't help but laugh.

"C'mon brother, I think we all went a little overboard tonight, hey Kayden do you mind helping Natalie out with your brother?" Tony said making Kayden laugh and he went over to a very drunk Talia and kissed her forehead and he put his brother over his shoulder like a sack of sugar and put his other arm around her.

"Yeah I got these two!" He can't stop grinning, it's not like he's sober himself! If he drops Marcus I can't guarantee that I won't laugh my ass off!

"Alrighty then I got Freya, Nina give me a hand woman!" Frey is taller than both of us but Nina knows how to hold her liquor way better. It was a ridiculously disgraceful sight! And then we ran into Shomari, Hayami, Umbros and Adam who were just hanging out by the star gazing platform on our way to Tali and Marcus's room on the fifth floor
 They were checking out the telescope with a few beers but they were pretty sober so they gave us a hand. Umbros just picked Frey up and Shomari took Marcus, Kayden was about to drop him he was so drunk! Urayoán was trying to get some composure but it wasn't pretty to watch! Haya couldn't stop giggling.

"Let me guess, this is the outcome of your precious Circle?" Umbros started shaking his head.

"In a way, spare us your judgement Umbros! Tonight we are celebrating your new siblings and this awesome rum that Thomas and other Kappas from Blood Moon made! We got samples because the Betas have to take it to the lab to be approved." It's really good and it will be good competition with the Cardona family, they usually make the island's rum and vodka and own the only sugar cane plantation on the here just a few miles west of Ayana's temple. 

Thomas, Aaron and Michael, Gabriel's brother are seeking permits for land in the Ceiba District for commercial production of hops and barley to open a brewery and a still. They would still buy the sugar cane from the Cardonas and the Clementes would buy their hops from them since right now they import the ones they use, so even if their crop won't be cheap since it will take more care to grow, it still will be fresher and cheaper than what they import and there will be more competition in the market! It's really a win win for everyone!

"Did they approve it?! Did you guys like it?!" Adam asked excited helping Shomari put Marcus in bed.

"Dude, look at us! It was awesome! And yeah it was approved otherwise Bayo wouldn't have allowed Izzy to drink it." Ura answers and then he notices their beers.

"Adam, for fucks sake, your drinking the beer now! It's not labeled yet but that's your brother's beer! Clemente's beer has either a more citrus or rich barley scent, I didn't know your brother was a Kappa man!" Ura says slurring half of what he's saying, he's usually also really good with his liquor but when Frey feel asleep he just went overboard trying to keep up with two Alphas and Kayden and Tony are barely standing! 

"He isn't, we're both Gammas but his mate Haylee is, he knows how to brew and manage a still, but this partnership is really Thomas, Haylee and Michael, they're the real artisans behind this! Umbros and I are going to invest when they get all the permits! Damn Urayoán, you're clearly hammered and you still were able to make out the difference in scents, that's INSANE! When are you going to start training the Hunters again?" Not for a while, I need him focused on what I need of him.

"When I'm done regaining as much of our territory as possible... You know what? Umbros may suck at navigation but he's always good to have around in combat and learning in the field is way better. If you both want I'll start taking you with me and I'll teach you myself, with what you hack from Umbros for combat should be enough in case we get in trouble and what I teach you he can hack in return making you both a more balanced team. Want to come?" After leaving Marcus and Tali in their rooms Umbros laid Freya on their bed and I go check her blood to make sure that she's ok, and she's fine, just really drunk but nothing that requires me to flush it out, her body is already metabolizing it and she should be fully sober before dawn. It's a very smooth rum so you barely feel the kick until it's too late, I REALLY want a mojito made with it!

"Can we Izzy?" Adam asked like if I was his mom making me laugh. What?

"Dude, she's putting up a good front but she's just as high and drunk as us, she's just cheating because she can focus the water in her body better, in any case Shomari can authorize you. Izzy doesn't have much of a say with regards to the team." Kayden interjected with a grin. It's true but he didn't had to rub it in! And he just laughed at my thought slapping his mouth shut as if I couldn't see he was laughing! HELL! Even HE has authority over who can and can't come near me by his title of the Goddess's Executioner and as I have allowed him to retain the title of Alpha he can challenge my authority only in the case that the Betas fail. 

He'll Bless Ishaan with a full recovery but it won't happen immediately, the mind is extremely complicated to repair. It's intangible so only the most skilled Omegas are usually the ones who are able to do it. That's why we consider them the most valuable Link of the pack! I am of water, I can heal through water like an Omega, yet I'm not an Omega. No matter how hard I train, no matter if I'm a Priestess, no matter if I'm the reincarnation of a Goddess, I'm not an Omega. I have never have had the ability to heal the mind. Apollo does, but it's because of the nature of his godly powers and it's precisely because of those powers that warewolves have the gifts they do. The wolf has always been a sacred animal to not just Apollo, but to his family, his mother Leto was particularly fond of the animal and because of their protection to her daughter, Phoebe also took kindly towards them, and Phoebe's mother Gaïa is mother to us all... When Selene herself designed our species, it was Apollo who gifted them with the Blessings we have to this day! Is that why MY ancestors worshipped the Sun along with the Moon?!

Kayden is now sober and is thinking about what I just thought about. 

'Play it cool beautiful we'll talk when we get home, ok?' I nod and smile at him.

"Are you serious? But you're Alpha Izz, I don't understand." Umbros tells Ura that he'll talk directly with Bayo, this is a great opportunity for Adam to gain skills that Umbros desperately wants. I'm not going to interfere, he wants to appeal to Bayo while he's on Leave he can be my guest! I've come to love Adam, he's adorable! How could Selene do this to him? He could do so much better! Kayden just can't help but smile.

"Adam our pack is structured differently, I don't have final say on many things, this is how we avoid an Alpha who would become a posible feral tyrant, I'm sure you understand why I'm not the Head of our family and why we have four Betas. Umbros haven't you explained this to your mate?!" Umbros looks at Adam questioningly. Seriously! As a Truth Seer I'm sure he has an idea about how pissed at him I still am! Here I was ready to kill Adam if he rejected my cousin only to feel pity for the guy for being stuck with him! 

'Do better pendejo! You know what's expected of you as an Osupa! Gay, straight, poly, bi, we ALL know since childhood what's expected of us as mates of outsiders! You at least had a chance to know Babka, from what I remember she was very knowledgeable about our ways. Kayden has fully hacked me. Are you hiding something else?' He nodded. 

'Hide whatever you want unless it doesn't affect the family, but Umbros, you still have to trust him! Ok? We all have embarrassing shit but if it's hindering your relationship it's better to let it go like a band aid!' He nodded again rolling his eyes... I'm going to end up beheading my cousin.

"Hey sorry, I guess I still have to hash out the details! Are you guys ok now? Hayami was telling us some bitching stories in Japanese! She's teaching us!" I look at Hayami. This is going to be funny!

"Hayamisan are you explaining to the guys that Japanese is spoken differently between males and females?" And she burst out laughing with Shomari. Nina, Ura and I just smile. Ura and I have never been on a mission to Japan, but Nina spent almost a year there studying she thought us how to speak it, however Urayoán is correcting his now. 

When we hanged out with Hiroto on my birthday he found it funny how Ura basically talked Japanese like a girl! Either way it's not a big deal. When Nina came back she brought a lot of beautiful silk kimonos and cotton yukatas for all of us. I remember how happy Dad was with his blue and white yukata, he would sit wearing it with Mami in the balcony upstairs looking over the lights over the bay at night before bed and I would sometimes join them with Maco for a night cap. I would snuggle with Mami and every single time I would rise my feet and ball my legs on the couch Dad would tickle my feet annoying the fuck out of me. Ha! Sometimes Nía would join us... That's how we spent our last night together. Nina was the one who found his Yukata on the chair in his and Mom's room... She never really paid attention to how much he used it, she sent it to a Japanese Master to restore it as best as possible, it was almost worn out...
###chapter 184: The Meeting
Loiza's POV

"It would make sense that the previous packs and supernatural beings that inhabited these islands know of your collaboration with Selene for the warewolves, it would confirm many things in Gaia's Grimoire." Ever since Phoebe asked why there was a symbol for the Sun instead of the Moon on The Guanín when she first inspected it the thought stayed on the back of my mind. 

"It makes sense especially considering what these islands were once. The Osupa must have retained this information subconsciously, as much as I look in your memory I can't find it." I can't remember it from this lifetime either. After we came back to our room and made love we started brainstorming in the bath tub while I scrubbed his back with a natural loofah enjoying the beautiful bulges and crevices of the god in front of me.

"We didn't even get this information in Avalon either... But... This information used to be available, what do you think happened that they chugged you out of warewolf history?" He grabbed my wrists gently and brought me in front of him and he kissed me deeply, I can live this moment over and over.

"My Uncle and my Father happened... When we decided to take the warewolves as our vessels, Selene had all that information removed. It would serve as a bread crumb trail... It's fine Izz, my godly ego is not what it was, I don't need to be included in every history page as long as you are safe and we're together." He picked me up and sat me on his lap burrowing himself in my arms, his face in my bossom as he breathed in my scent and that of the pups and he lingered there while I started trying to untangle his unruly curls. I still remember when he would leave them to grow long and I would braid them in the old Greek archaic period style. Yet I can feel how he's trying not to think and just rest his mind.

"Your thoughts are far away My Lord." I casually mention as I keep untangling his golden locks. He breathed deep taking in as much of our scent as possible.

"I got a note from Persephone that she handed to Moira." I lift his chin so he can tell me it's content.

"And?" He smiles at me and kissed my shoulder.

"Cymmy is with Selene. She will move up your next Heat for the next full moon, she, Hera and Artemis concluded that we shouldn't take shots in the dark and coordinate it as well as possible and I agree. Izz this is Cymmy we're talking about, I don't want to risk her conception." Hera might despise Apollo, Artemis and Phoebe, but she was more of a mother to me than Doris. My relationship with my original mother and father is just as bad as Kayden's with his own father, however his relationship with Zeus started very well. Zeus trusted and delegated many important responsibilities upon Apollo, it was usually Ares he despised and distrusted.

However what happened to Prometheus never sat well with my Sun God. His only rebellious act towards Zeus rendered him into a mortal human slave to a human king for a year. In the end his half brother Hercules had the pleasure of releasing Prometheus... After this the trust between Apollo and Zeus was strained.

"I agree as well. I'll inform Moira to give Bayoán and the others some bullshit story so it doesn't become a precedent, having the information of the other female Alphas' pregnancies was very useful, I don't want any confusion for future females who would rule." He nods. I'll only have less than a month to get used to the Alpha training full on without restraint, I can already hear Kayden and the Betas giving me shit if I go all out while pregnant and I hate having to hold back! Ugh! I could always spar with...

"I swear woman, stop! Your over excitement over this training is making me more nervous! From what Antoine says it's brutal! Sure have all the fun you want but darling once Cymmy is inside you I'LL spar with you, but WE WILL be chill about it! This would be a good time to focus on Prime Priestess meditation and training. Please babe..." Ugh! I can't help giving in when he's pleading so sweetly!

"Fine, but make sure you have the forms correctly and you have to stretch more. I know you've been doing it, but it's imperative for this training my Love. Remember, the combat training I received is specifically for Gamma's but Mami wouldn't hold back with us except for Nina and even with Nía she was pretty harsh. So tap into my training with my mother and you'll have a clearer picture of what you'll be facing. It shouldn't  be a problem for you but your Kayden persona still carries doubts, you have to sync more with Deacon." If we indeed make a deal to finally end Poseidon I want us to be as prepared as possible. He caught that though and held me tighter and nodded.


_____________

"Well I hope this overdue Council meeting will be held in a civilized fashion this time and hopefully you're all better prepared." I sit down and everyone who was last time was present except for Bayo who's on Leave, and the addition of the Alphas and Betas of packs that handed in their pack's assets. They sat in unison after me, so far so good. Yengiga and Palu didn't know and wanted to hand over what they had, it wasn't much compared to the other assets, so we agreed that it would be best that it be divided among themselves so that they have some startup founds. The pack is wealthy enough especially now, it's way better for the economy if they have the founds to invest locally, either way both of them and Hiroto and Haya have experience administrating a pack so the others can pick and choose who they want to work with.

"Yes Cacique, we are better prepared this time and we ask you excuse past behavior, it was indeed unbecoming." I smile at Braka with a face of relief.

"Thank you General. We have a few items that we didn't address last time, please let's start there. Lord Orwell, I have read the report of the blood clan that wishes to join our people, can you please explain to those here the circumstances?" This has me and Yaya very excited! The Priestess of this clan is Ziggy and she has already asked for a full transfer if they are welcomed. 

"Thank you my Queen, besides a few more vampires who wish to join individually there are a few blood clans that are interested, however I personally don't trust them with the exception of Gau Sakratua Odol Klana from the Basque Country. Aurelia and myself have known Chieftain Aitor Olaberría for over half a century, Lutherus for even longer and I am aware that their Priestess Ziggy Arista is known and trusted by The Osupa. Their numbers are about 350, usually blood clans don't have as large numbers as warewolf packs but their Warriors are dedicated." Indeed blood clans never reach high numbers, vampires don't share a hive mind or grand kingdoms like the elves and fae, this along with their long life spans makes them have more individualistic values rather than a collective mind like us. 

The fact that most were human before is a big factor in what makes them have the least trustworthy reputation in the supernatural world. However this is Ziggy's people and we are trying to do away with past prejudice.

"Thank you for your report My Lord, I share your concern about taking in whole blood clans, I hope you don't take offense. Indeed the Lady Ziggy has been friend to The Osupa for over a century, however I have never met their chieftain. Before we make any move forward I would like to chat directly with my old Master and with the Lady Yaya. Besides catching up I would like to hear directly what she and her clan propose. Has anybody else had the opportunity to read the report? I would like to hear what you all have to say with regards to this matter." The Mark on my forehead is soothing me but it is giving me a warning to not allow one particular vampire, apparently a mole from The Council. I look at Kayden, he gives a very subtle nod and guides my eyes towards Gloria.

"Director I imagine you've had the chance to make inquiries?" She takes a breath and tucks some hair behind her ear.

"As you know Cacique, Everett has a contact inside The Council, we have been able to make contact with him and he wishes to remain in the inside, however his mate and daughter were in London during the attack but not in the Warewolf Council building. His ID and information are in the report that I handed in." Yes, Robert Paige from Moon Shadow pack, Oregon. He hid the fact that his mate is a True Mate when he discovered his mother was used against his father to extract information during The Great War, his pack is led by his older brother Alpha Domenic who specifically put Robert in the inside since they had to submit after The War. 

"Yes, I have read the plight of his pack, I'm sorry that not everyone has received this report, not everyone here are council members so please excuse that this Top Secret information can't be shared with you at this time. Director I am giving you a warning not to disclose confidential information on an individual who is an acting informant." For REAL! Why is she bringing this HERE NOW?! I look at Tía and she's closing Gloria's report that the Director had left open and Gloria slightly blushes.

Bayo did in fact tell me that many meetings of the Council were indeed chaotic, and Dad and Guillermo were trying to guide Yadiel and Bayoán to keep a more disciplined gathering. Fuck that! This will be done correctly or not at all!

"I beg your pardon Cacique, I will definitely keep the information of the informant confidential. As you can all infer by his assistance, him and his pack are no fans of The Council, he has his mate and pup hidden but since The Warewolf Council thinks they're dead he wishes to keep that knowledge a secret and if he sends them to his pack, well... He will be giving them his family's location. He knows of a vampire who will be sent by The Council as a mole, if we take his family in and the weakest of his pack he will tell us who it is and stay as mole as he's been until now. The moment we found out his identity we fully researched him and have operatives in the ###chapter where he is located as well as the vicinity of both his family's and pack's location." Very good. We could find out who the mole is without Beta Paige's assistance, but he has shown goodwill and a we share a common enemy...

"I have read the report, my only question is why didn't his pack request sanctuary and just got out of Dodge?" Shomari asks looking over details of Orwell's report.

"Well think about it, the moment that they would do that they would blow their cover. His pack has their own reasons and agenda to be there and we don't know what THEIR end game is. The Council as well as our informant don't have idea about the amount of information we have on them WITHOUT their help, however him and his pack are working in good faith with us and it would be rude to reject his plea outright. In my opinion Cacique, we could accept his mate and pup, The Council already thinks their dead, however movement in the numbers he asks could put him and his pack as well as our people in a precarious situation." Víctor is sitting back with his arms crossed, knowing his OCD mind, he probably read and memorized EVERY single report, also I don't find any flaw in his plan. He's giving Beta Paige the most important thing he wants which is the safety of his family as a show of good faith, but since we can get the information he offers by ourselves he's not going to give him everything. 

'It's a good play mija.' I hear Abuelo's opinion. 'Indeed, I'm just trying to figure out all the variables.' 

"I agree with your plan Beta, we are already talking about moving a coven, another pack and a blood clan and the document for the fae has been completed and is being scrutinized by Avalon, I most definitely don't want any mistakes. Does anybody have a better plan or would like to suggest something else?" No one speaks.

"Alright, I'll take your silence as approval to Beta Víctor's plan. Director, please inform our friend our conditions, if he does give us the name we want now we will take into consideration full asylum for his entire pack should they want it and every condition be met like the others. Also inform him that if his pack is at risk he should take their safety into consideration first. His mate and pup will be questioned and if everything is clear they shall be my personal guests here at The Fort. Is everyone in agreement?" Everyone nods and I remember to exhale.

"Ok, so Lord Orwell, Lady Yaya and myself will have a chat with our old Master, I trust your judgement with regards to chieftain Olaberría. Once Lady Yaya and I have talked with the Lady Ziggy I'll feel more confident on how to proceed, however those who don't belong to any clan can be verified right away once they have been cleared they are welcomed, these are just precautionary measures My Lord, I hope you understand that." He closes his report with a smile.

"Absolutely my Queen, especially knowing that there is intention of infiltration. I will inform the others so that their eyes are wide open, with Amdis and Mu Daiyu about to give birth soon, Lutherus and Mu Ten will not want any threat near our home. There are about 32 more that would take our Oath, we will make sure they are questioned with the Lady Phoebe present if it's ok with her." Excellent! I look at my old Master and she's kept this pleasant smile through the whole ordeal.

"It would be my pleasure My Lord, the island has a such a finessed touch since more of your people arrived! I just hope that those of my people don't embarrass me!" She is very fond of the young vampire, she says he still has a very innocent mind. He's not even 200! When you can remember a time were Rome was just being founded that innocence is pretty much vanished.

"Any objections?" Everyone looks at each other and remain silent.

'Why are you asking for objections? You have the final say.' Abuelo's just used to the old ways, an Alpha usually doesn't ask for anyone to second guess him, however there are more effective ways to get what you want while making others believe it's what THEY want as well. I link this to him so he understands that there is reason for why I do this. 

'Those are very elaborate techniques, I think you may end up mentoring me!' I smile and he knows it's for him, but no. 'I really need you to keep reminding me the rules Abuelo, I'll determine if it's worth breaking them.'

"What's the next order of business?" So far it's smooth sailing!
###chapter 185: The Admiral's Plan
Antoine's POV

From what I had remember from her birthday, Izzy was pissed at how unorganized and unprepared everyone was in the past meeting. I personally never had these types of meetings at all! Louis and I would take all of our actions into consideration but at the end of the day the final say was mine alone.

"Next order of business... Salas Na Gealaí Clan. Is everything ready for that extraction?" She's doing well, she's managing this pack more like a Board of Directors than a regular Alpha. A very practical approach to ruling, I've noticed that she's more confident in her decisions and Kayden and Orocobix have been guiding her more and helping her see the different choices she can make, she still asks me somethings but with Kayden here she listens to his view. 

"Yes Cacique, they were double checked by Avalon Priestesses at the Lady Moira's command but everything is as it was before and they also have a quite large contribution to the pack, either way we can cause a blackout over all of Europe and the humans' PTSD will act up and they will panic as usual and we could do the same trick as India." Shomari passes around the report from Ireland, as this pack will be contributing assets and it's not top secret we all get a copy and they have a large trade in textiles.

"I don't agree with that plan Beta Shomari, the point of getting these companies up and running again is not only to make money but to utilize their global power. We have to give the humans some breathing room to calm down to jump start the world economy again, it's going to already take quite some time but if we continue to use fear tactics it will also affect OUR business. The Council may want to put a mole inside Karaya, but we all know they have retreated and have their tails between their legs, they don't have the manpower to attack anyone right now. This doesn't have to be a super complicated extraction, all we really have to do is to take all measures for everyone's safety and just bring them with the ships. Besides, we have as many planes we could want right now and the airport isn't big enough for more." Janaína lays out a very good point. Salas Na was being bombarded with attacks but after we decimated The Council the attacks stopped. 

However they're too weak and they still have to deal with more bullshit out of North Ireland since they live so close to the border. Also their pack is barely 1,200 and have been mortal enemies with The Moon's Children pack who are over 3,000 strong for over a century. Council or not, looks like their Alpha Saoirse O'Neill decided to throw in the towel. I can only imagine the things going through her head right now, I was in her same situation. We had two packs that were relentless enemies to the east, it gets tiring after disputes hit the century mark.

As Izzy is verifying their numbers, their location and all the things I know she takes into account she's slightly nodding.

"I agree with your observations Beta, we can't squeeze the humans to a point were OUR OWN agenda will be affected and we definitely don't need anymore planes, the ones we have need updates and refurbishing, some are being stripped down to the bones and are getting every security system in place." She keeps reading some details. In the time I have gotten to know Izz and how The Osupa handle their affairs I have come to have many epiphanies. They might complain about some things about themselves yet had they grown up in another pack they really wouldn't care, like this meeting! And yet it really makes sense to have these regularly, especially in such a large pack.

Bayoán gave me a little snippet of what happened last time and how he even was embarrassed not just of being chastised by  his little sister, but the whole ordeal. I've been to wolf gatherings, balls and meetings with other packs with my Father since before I could shift and they were ALL shit shows and shouting matches! The fact that in her FIRST meeting Loiza showed that she would not tolerate that behavior not giving a shit if many of it is already considered standard, made everyone get in line. I probably would have started shouting too! But the fact that Ayato was trying to contain it was enough to show that to some that behavior was being viewed by themselves as beneath them.

The day after that meeting and everyone was taking in the pack working in harmony for it's revenge Braka, Gloria and Ayiti were talking about how they even felt a bit of fear and shame over how it was conducted. Nina and I were waiting to talk with Izzy about the reunion and Nina scoffed when she heard them.

"What I don't understand is how YOU are all surprised! Izzy is a Priestess of Avalon! Go ahead and ask Lady Yaya if the Lady Moira would have tolerated whatever bullshit you guys did yesterday. You guys wanted a temporary Alpha but you forget that she's lived longer in Avalon than here and those bitches don't fool around, so my sister putting the smack down shouldn't have surprised any of you. I recommend that whatever bad habits you have to kill them at once and make damn sure to be prepared and conduct yourselves like the professionals you're supposed to be!" I remember being so proud of her at that moment. 

My fierce chèri may be a mess sometimes but when it comes to her work she's VERY serious. Before starting any project she itemizes EVERYTHING and double checks all of her blueprints, the geology on where the construction will take place and only works with engineers and artists she trusts.

I can feel how tense the OG Osupa are except for Víctor, he wasn't here last time but he got the report, and from what I heard he was furious and Urayoán told me on Izzy's birthday that it was Víctor who would serve as team leader every time they had a mission together and praised how meticulous he was and how before starting he would present his plan and ask everyone if they saw any flaws. He didn't know he would be pack Beta and there's no room for mistakes in the field... Knowing how much of an asset he would be in that position, Izzy swallowed her pride and asked him for his expertise. When I found out about the WHOLE story I became embarrassed again because I don't think I would have put an ex lover who I was angry at in such a place of power in the pack. 

"Cacique if I may?" Admiral Casimar interjects. Izzy gazes at him with a pleasant smile.

"Yes Admiral, do you have any suggestions?" He hands her a report and after looking it over she passes it to Víctor and he reads it over.

"As you can see from the report, the ships we have are in perfect condition but if we are going to go through with the different plans for the pack we will need more. We can do a convert mission to the nearest naval base and take a few! My crew can be either ported or flown there and we can acquire what we need, we would just need cover." Izzy looks at Víctor as he passes the report to Gloria. He looks at Izzy and nods, he agrees with Casimar's plan but doesn't look his way. She is absolutely relaxed as she looks at Kayden and he smiles at her nodding agreeing with the plan. Kayden KNOWS about the history of both men and his mate but he really doesn't give a fuck, he told me last night that it did bug him at first but that it was Víctor who relaxed his mind. Víctor and Casimar are another matter entirely. They are working together, and Víctor doesn't seem to be bothered, he just isn't engaging with Casimar and vise versa. It's absurdly funny and if it were me I probably would die of awkwardness, Izzy however isn't even flinching and is acting absolutely aloof.

"Director Gloria, Councilwolf Ayiti, what say you to the Admiral's plan?" Both women start writing down somethings and verify their notes and they're clearly linking with each other.

"It's definitely posible! We will need some time to prepare, but its potential for success are very high! I will put a team together and we will fly you over, if we are going to hijack some ships we will need enough sailors to navigate at least three or four, should that be enough Admiral?" Gloria asks and Casimar nods and agrees with the plan.

"Alright! What about the Wives of the Gods Coven? Are they in imminent danger that they need an emergency extraction or can they wait until the new ships are secure?" Izz looks over to Phoebe.

"My Queen, Maddame LaCroix and her people are holding, but they do need a faster extraction and the team has to be well versed in witches magic. I suggest that while OPIA prepares a team to bring the Irish and give them a designated time, Admiral Casimar can make a fast pickup since they are less than a thousand and it's not so very far. Morgana, Lady Yaya and myself have interrogated them thoroughly." Izz nods.

"Admiral, is that acceptable for you?" Izzy asks and he nods.

"Yeah, we can definitely do that, where would be the rendezvous point My Lady?" He's taking down notes and I notice him writing down latitude and longitude points... I know nothing about navigation.

"We'll have you head out as soon as we've prepared the team who'll escort you, we want to assure that every witch has been checked again the minute they enter your ship, so Morgana has an original spell she's been working on for a while and it will alert of deception and melt away glamour once a threshold has been crossed. Endora had a suggestion and now it finally works to perfection! We intend for it to be cast on every plane, boat, vehicle and Karaya itself as well as every safehouse we have. But prep your crew, it shouldn't be more than a few days Admiral." He knows their location.

"That's fine, it will give me more time to coordinate the safest rendezvous, also I would like the cloaking system to be amplified, The Gulf has several oil rigs and some have newer equipment that have the potential of tracing us, that's without mentioning the upgrades OPIA reported in Coast Guard boats. Cacique we could also do with some upgrades for speed." Gloria writes it down.

"Yes, that's absolutely fine Admiral, I'll have techs to arrange it immediately. Does anybody have anything else to add to this mission?" Izzy asks while writing down her own notes and calculations asking Casimar for the locations he thinks are best and he passes her his notes and she copies them down and hands him back his notepad with a smile and he smiles back... You can really see his yearning and immediately his resignation. Poor guy, I look at Kayden who's sitting at the right side of Izz and I can tell he saw that but he looks just as relaxed as her. No mated wolf, especially an Alpha, would be too keen on having their mate gawked at but he's calm, he was however looking straight at Casimar where their gazes met and the Admiral had to lower his eyes in submission. Kayden kept gazing at Casimar as a warning.

"Alright, now to the next item... Ladies and gentlemen, are you ready to take over the world?" Our Alpha asks with brimming smile...
###chapter 186: The Overtake Plan
Loiza's POV

Only a few know what my plan is so most look confused.

"Take over the world? As in the planet Cacique?" Stefan from Rumania asks confused looking over that particular report. He and everyone from Rumania are doing well and him and Beta Ioana, his cousin, handed a small company that's in pretty good shape, they also handed the legal deeds to their territory and village making it now OUR territory. It's overrun by another pack now, but I intend we reclaim every bit that was taken and ensure a full automated security system that Santino and a few of his buddies are designing at Wolf Skull. 

We have satellite images from every territory and the only ones that are not occupied are Oceani Luna in Sardinia, Mahina Katoa in Tonga, Blood Moon and the territory of Blue Moon which is being excavated and the dead being laid to rest in peace and the land is being blessed by Priestesses to decontaminate it of all the curses bestowed upon it by Marius. The survivors don't want to return, but are relieved to have the bones of family members that were just thrown in that ghastly pit they were in.

"That's correct Stefan, that's the reason I invited you and the Alphas and Betas who have contributed wealth to Karaya or have experience in running a pack. Your contributions have given me a devine inspiration from the Great Mother herself!" They look at each other but already Marcus, Tony and Ishaan are passing around the documents with the findings and conclusions of Professor Ibarra and his team.

"Our pack has never engaged in taking over anyone's territory, our ancestors were basically refugees themselves and because of their determination to survive is why we're all here today. However our survival is being threatened again... Not by The Council of either Warewolves or Vampires. The fae and the elves are not a threat to us either. Everyone here, whether you were born Osupa or are so now as new citizens, KNOWS that none of those entities are REALLY a threat to us. What The Warewolf High Council did to us was a tragedy but we all know how much worse it could've been had we not been as prepared as we were, and with the extra security measures put in place afterwards has all of us sleeping soundly at night. They, along with everyone in the Supernatural World still don't know that we have a satellite in orbit and we do have plans to build on that technology but it's Top Secret information for now. The point is that even those who are new, understand how SMALL of a problem these organizations are to us!" Everyone starts discussing this and agreeing.

"We agree with that Cacique, I don't know about you guys but as brutal as that Alpha training is, no offense Councilwolf Orocobix, I and everyone who came here feel stronger and better rested. To be honest I was desperate and couldn't bear to keep loosing my people, but coming here was the best decision I've made and am sure that most, if not all who submitted to your rule agree. However I don't see how it will help on taking over the world." Stefan and Ioana were studying the numbers given.

"Well it's not like we are going to go from country to country and invade! We are going to use a back door if you will." They all look up from the papers and Víctor is chuckling. Him, Ura and I had talked about this strategy years ago, I just never knew I would be in a position to actually implement it! Once the other packs started handing in corporations my forehead Mark would keep insisting on implementing the thesis Víctor, Urayoán and I had envisioned so I contacted Carla.

"Let me explain. As we agreed the Supernatural World isn't a threat to Karaya Island, in any case the threat is US and that's how I want to keep it. I WANT the rest of the Supernatural World to get to a place were they won't even DARE look our way with any ill intentions, yet our greatest threat comes from the humans. This planet that our Great Mother has gifted us is slowly dying and the humans are too focused on the bottom line and lining their pockets as much as possible to actually give a fuck! Just now Admiral Casimar has even mentioned about the increase in oil rigs off the Gulf of México! They KNOW they are killing this planet! Director if you please..." Gloria hands binders of HUMAN studies from different countries and corporations which concluded that the current way they live is destroying this planet.

"In front of you are studies not from OUR people, but from human scientists proving that they are KNOWINGLY destroying ALL of us and they don't care. Gaia is becoming weaker by the decade because of it and more than ever she's afraid for every pollinating species on earth, they are her most precious creatures and with good reason. If every single human, warewolf, vampire, elf, etc. were to END right this instant, this planet would not only survive it, but would thrive! However if every BEE would die, ALL life on this planet would cease to exist. I'm not just talking about every man, woman and child here people... I'm talking EVERYTHING! It would be the end of LIFE! Every species of plant, animal, even the soil itself will be gone! Everyone you know would die in an estimate of 4 to 6 years depending on the species. And funny enough the humans ALSO have this information but their greed is larger than their will to LIVE! Because of this Gaia has determined that humans have forfeited their rights over HER domain so it's up to us to gain control." I allow them to take a few minutes to verify the handed information. 

The humans have known of the consequences of their actions for DECADES and instead of correcting their rape of this planet, they have opted to squeeze the life out of it and eventually themselves with it.

"This report from this oil company is from the fucking 70's! They've known for over half a century?! Are they completely mad?!" Yengiga as well as the others look furious... And that's exactly what I wanted! Their anger will help fuel their determination for this plan to succeed. Betas are BOSSES at calculating variables in economics, however the Alphas have the right demeanor to face and stand up to competitors, politicians and unruly Board members who may challenge them. Those who have experience running a pack let alone a company will be better suited to head this project.

"You would be amazed at that trash island they have in the Pacific Ocean Yengiga! And there are ports were the smell of rubbish is so intense that we literally have have to use Kosiooruns to be able to breathe and I'm not talking about low tide! Trust me, having enhanced smell in these places is torture!" Casimar's face at the recollection was priceless.

"There are days in New Delhi that the sky looks so grimy that you don't even want to breathe... And the streets! Ugh! Nobody cares about the litter all over, we would keep our territory clean but human habits have a way of infecting our habits as well." Ishaan's observation of his own past home country makes him pinch the bridge of his nose shaking his head. "I'm just satisfied that our pups won't have to grow up in that environment, this is the cleanest air my people have breathed, if we are to stop the demise of Earth we definitely can't keep waiting for the humans to fucking grow up! We have a plan to not only stop them, but destroy the industries that are causing these disasters."

"Hai, I'm seeing these numbers and they look good but if we're not going to conquer the humans, what backdoor is it we're going to use?" Hayami asks while pointing out a study to Hiroto for a new nuclear power plant for the Hokkaido region in Japan and his face gets dark.

"We are going to use the same tactics they use! Some of the companies many of you added to the overall wealth of the pack won't just be used as business ventures to make money. Make no mistake, the numbers before you are so you can see how we CAN make very good profits from what we intend to do, and we definitely need the experience you all have to make it succeed. For those of you who don't know her I have invited Professor Carla Ayraguay, she's the most qualified person on the island to help ensure that this project starts on the right foot. She heads The Human Studies Department at the University and she in particular teaches human political science, her and her team have come up with a very solid plan to beat the humans at their own game, Professor if you may?" She hands out the paperwork for the plan to everyone.

"Hello everyone, as the Cacique has stated we intend to use a back door. It just so happens it's the same one unscrupulous humans use to get their way. Now in all fairness not all humans are happy with the status quo and have been trying to fix the situation, the problem is that the corporations of the industries that are the main source of pollution also have vast amounts of wealth to pay off politicians who pass, or in this case DON'T pass the necessary regulatory measures to control the destruction they cause. They have skilled lobbyists who redact many laws themselves to give them an edge in standing firm to their profit margin. So the plan is that WE will do the same! Profesor Ibarra has outlined different tactics to make vast amounts of money so that we could use it to pay off politicians ourselves, but we also have the means to blackmail them into early retirement. 

"We already have operatives inside the governments of the biggest global players, and we intend for them to run for public office in these countries. So while we structure most of the companies to provide renewable energy sources with lobbyists redacting legislation that opposes the industries that are killing our planet, we will infiltrate every major political party in these countries with our own candidates and utilize glamour and other spells and potions we already use and some new ones to steer the narrative in OUR favor. We also already have a team of some of our best hackers to create an escape exhaust if you will, so that the wealth of these companies 'drips out' and is reduced to a point where it will make it impossible for they to pay both politicians and their lobbyists, and mess with their systems rendering them blind to what their actual numbers are. While the world is in this chaos, we have already erased big chunks of information they use to determine where there are oil reserves and humans who knows that information will have their memories purged of it. The remaining piece of the plan will be to manipulate the market in our favor and crashing theirs rendering it unsustainable." Carla smirks my way making me smile. Her team has been working on different tactics and in my opinion it still needs tweaking, but knowing myself I'll probably make it more violent than it needs to be, this will do for now.

Everyone is silent and suddenly Tía starts a clichè slow clap while laughing...
###chapter 187: The Mole
Robert's POV

"That's the deal the Cacique proposed, they already have an operative waiting for the ok to have a portal ready to bring Marla and Rachel after being questioned by a Truth Seer and they will be tattooed with a protection symbol we all wear. They are to be her personal guests, but they don't think it wise to move larger numbers from Oregon. If they go along with that it could raise suspicion to your pack, however if the pack is in imminent danger they will definitely consider moving everyone. If that's the case then they would make a treaty with Moon Shadow and grant sanctuary. Robert, they have the means of getting the information about the mole The Council wishes to plant without your help, but if you give it to them now it will be easier to appeal for any assistance. Either way your mate and daughter are welcomed whichever your choice is." Damn! Dominic and I were hoping to get my sister and nieces and nephews out as well as some orphaned pups but I see their logic.

Dominic is very interested in an alliance with The Osupa to fully crush The Council.

"Everett do you think she'll at least take in Juliette and her boys? I'll give her the name but Dominic and myself will feel better if we are sure that they're safe. I understand their logic and it would be suspicious if our Luna and my niece were to leave Moon Shadow, but Juliette and the boys are not even acknowledged by The Council." She's already been through enough when her mate Sawyer was killed by rogues last winter she was devastated. I can hear he's asking someone about my request but it's so muffled I can't make it out.

"Beta Paige, do you copy?" A female voice asks through the comm.

"Loud and clear, who am I speaking with?" I've only communicated with Everett, but I already know how careful The Osupa are with their security. It took that idiot Armand decades to attack them and still it was short lived and lost everything because of it. They're operatives in London already knew who my family was and one evacuated them while the others were preparing the bombs, they're in a safehouse but I don't feel comfortable with them staying in England at this point.

"This is the Director of our intelligence agency Beta, please excuse the circumstances of meeting this way. Know that your request for your sister and nephews has been linked to the Cacique and she's discussing it with the Betas at this moment, so please bear with us. Yet know that if she allows for them to come they too must follow the same protocols, understood?" Betas? Plural? They definitely aren't messing around with their security...

"I understand Director but I can't be online for much longer, will it take long?" I will give them William even if they just take Marla and Rachel but if I can secure Julie and the boys I'll take my shot! It will definitely help me focus better around these idiots and Dominic will have one less thing to worry about.

"They are aware of your circumstances Beta and we are at this moment adding an extra layer of security to the line. We already have a portal ready to be opened to the safehouse where your mate and pup are and a Truth Seer and Tattoo Master to get them over here ASAP." What's with this tattoo thing?

"I'm sorry Director, what's the tattoo for?" Everett had mentioned it before but didn't say the reason for it.

"As you can imagine Beta as much security as we have implemented there are numerous forms of attack. Two of our members have been possessed by a particular deamon, fortunately we have knowledge on how to become invisible to them with a particular symbol that repels any and all entities. That's why everyone in the island is marked with it, it doesn't matter it's size as long as it's made to perfection. I hope you understand." Possessions?!

"And it protects from ALL entities?" We did get a report from Mortiana that her cousin Morgana was mated to a wolf in the island.

"Indeed, so far it's protection has not failed us--- hold a moment Beta." I have to inform Marla and Domenic about this. If it's protection is this strong Domenic should consider it. "Beta, the Cacique has allowed for your sister and nephews to come but no more, is that acceptable?" Praise the Goddess's Mercy!

"Yes! I will inform my brother of your decision so he can inform our sister to be ready. I'll send you the coordinates of our pack--" 

"No need Beta, we already have agents in the vicinity awaiting orders. But inform your Alpha about the process so there's no misunderstandings, both extractions are to be as fast as possible to avoid any detection but be assured we have eyes on all of you. The second you give us the name of the vampire we will move at once." I text Dominic on the throw away phone what The Osupa are willing to provide sanctuary to Julie. And after a few minutes he answers to move forward and that Julie is packing up!

"Director, my brother has accepted the conditions. The vampire who will try to infiltrate is called William Roy." I proceed to give a detailed description but they already know who he is!

"Thank you for your cooperation and patience Beta Paige, we know that you're worried about your family but know that we will still have eyes on Moon Shadow in case they need immediate assistance should anything go wrong. So please inform that to your Alpha and in case of an emergency one of our agents will give him a particular flair gun to only use in the event he is under any attack and your pack can't handle it, ok?" These people have a backup plan to their backup plans! And these morons still think they have any chance at all!

"Yes Director, thank you and thank Alpha Loiza for her mercy." She took revenge on The Council better than Dominic and I could ever have dreamed off! 

"She personally thanks you for your assistance Beta, but know that we have agents in the ###chapter where you are. You don't have to risk yourself anymore, it would be our pleasure to host you as well." Yeah but not in the bunker.

"Director, do you have an agent in the bunker chamber of the D.C. ###chapter?" I text Marla to be ready and to allow them to tattoo them and to answer their questions truthfully.

"We do not Beta, but we have the means to infiltrate it and place a bug." That won't do.

"Director a bug won't be enough. As long as I'm there I can help deviate their plans and advise them on wild goose chases, things are quite chaotic now and I have their trust. Besides, my brother asks for weekly reports, I can't leave my post." The consequences could be dire for Moon Shadow. The ###chapter in Seattle was among the ones spared and The Council could still mobilize an attack.

"Very well Beta, but we highly recommend that you move out and contact us the moment you sniff out any suspicious activity that you've been detected, understood?" I don't want to join the dead anytime soon.

"I understand Director." Dominic sends me a text that their agents are already there.

"Good, Beta already your mate is being questioned and our agents are at Moon Shadow. Do you see the small blue compartment about three meters to your left?" I take a look and indeed there's a type of little mail box.

"Yes Director I see it." What's this about?

"Excellent, open it. Inside you will find a small yellow box, it has a ring inside, the moment your family is secure the ring will briefly vibrate, when you're secure you just have to tap it twice and it will signal us that there's no one around and you will be able to talk with your family. The sound is coded for your ears only, so if someone does see you they'll just think you're talking to yourself, yet if someone does see the ring you're to destroy it to dust and we will find a way to contact you." And just as she said there's a white ring inside! 

"I have it!" I put it on and it gives a little glow. 'Beta Robert Paige DNA detected... Online' Whoa! I want to laugh, if this is just a taste of the technology they have, these morons don't stand a chance!

"Ok Beta we have detected that the ring has recognized your DNA, nobody but you can activate it, if someone else puts it on we will detect the change and it will be deactivated. Please be patient with it if the connection might be faulty at times, but we're working on increasing it's range. Do you have any questions?" This is fascinating! Definitely Armand could have made a killing selling this technology, but it's so specific that I have no idea how he intended to sell it without knowing how to use it! What an idiot! He would have basically been selling technology that the buyer would have to reverse engineer upsetting the buyer. How much time would they have to examine and study just THIS to understand it and make it work?!

"The only question I have right now is how long until my family is in Karaya?" I understand that they have to take their security measures, that's precisely why I want Marla, Julie and the kids there, but my wolf is anxious!

"It shouldn't be long Beta, don't fret. The Masters are very familiar with the tattoo so it won't be long, just be on standby they should contact you shortly. Now we must cut communication, once they're all here they will contact you, understood?" I take a deep breath to calm down. Dominic sends me another text saying that the questions went well and that the boys are being tattooed first while Julie keeps packing, Marla must be in the same boat.

"Understood Director, I thank you and Alpha Loiza for this, I will be able to play my part with more peace of mind because of it." Definitely... I will never forget how my mother's corpse looked after The Council tortured her to death to get information from my father he didn't have. Dominic was ecstatic when The Osupa decimated The Council.

"Here we are trying to figure out the best way to destroy them and they go ahead and bite the biggest dog in the park causing their own destruction! I definitely want to meet Alpha Loiza and thank her for basically doing our work for us!" Dominic couldn't stop laughing for a while.

"Good then Beta, you'll be contacted soon and remember to get out the moment you feel they suspect something. Either way our operatives inside will inform us of any suspicious activity. Thank you as well for your assistance and good luck! Be vigilant of your surroundings and if an agent contacts you they will use the code 'It seems the weather is changing' to let you know it's us, ok?" Damn they really think of everything!

"Understood Director." As long as they're safe I will be able to work my own magic...
###chapter 188: Mirabal-LeFay
Bayoán's POV

Morgana and I finally decided to name our son after Yacahüey. At first I wasn't on board, I mean the guy was a total badass but his and his family's demise was one of the saddest stories of our family history! I saw it as a bad omen. Yet Morgana kept getting dreams of him with Adelola next to him. She went to the Burial Chamber and brought offerings for him and his family and a jar of raw honey pollinated from orange blossoms for Adelola's council. 

Already Nina has the design ready of how she's going to redo it and there were consumed offerings she had brought with a copy of the design hoping for the approval of our ancestors, especially Adelola and Imotonex. None of us would dare make changes without communion with our ancestors. Nina left the copy of the blueprint during the New Moon symbolizing our humbleness and sincerity, we are strongest during the full moon but we also have less control. When Nina went to check the chamber the next day it smelled like lemons had exploded all around giving us the green light. 

I have never had an apparition of Adelola, however I remember Babushka saying that when she did the chamber would smell of fresh lemons.

Nina lit frankincense to call our ancestors forth, a very typical ritual to purify the mortal world to allow them passage. Yahir and many from Alhilal Almuqadas want to finance a chunk of land east of the airport which is pretty dry to grow several species of dates and frankincense trees... The Agricultural Department of the University is verifying if the crops would be viable to grow there. 

Both are good crops to have since right now we import both from Oman... If they say it's possible to grow a quality crop here, we will definitely grant them a subsidized loan. Nobody has wants that land because of how dry it, is making it ridiculously cheap! Janaína and Víctor are in agreement of just giving it to them since the whole pack would in fact benefit because it would mean not having to deal with all the hassle of importing the goods to Jamaica and then transporting it here. The dates are mostly for special dishes Samira and other Chefs make and it's convenient... The frankincense however is another story. The Temples burn it from dusk till dawn and all the Shrines burn it for special ceremonies, even Morgana and Endora need it for special rituals and with a whole coven coming here we will have more demand. Yet the tree is becoming endangered, so Jana and Víctor have a point. Knowing Izzy and her own love for the scent and knowing it's value, especially as a Priestess, she'll more than likely agree.

Morgana made a five star pentagram of salt placing the element that goes to each point and lit the frankincense on the top point, sat in the middle of it and started chanting a prayer that Adelola had written herself in patois in reverence to Changó and to the ancestors who came before. I just sat in the bench trying to channel our doubts and the answer to the riddle of my mate's dreams.

Suddenly I started seeing what Morgana said she saw herself in her dreams and I felt a serene peace and when I opened my eyes Morgana's eyes were fully black and started speaking in mix patois...

"Wattagwan wid you mine pickney? No bodda for our darling babi who is greatly Blessed. Mi beloved Yaca an di girls had a tragic demise yet his life was full. 'Tis one of the saddest days fi a madda to lose her first born pickney and Imotonex fasted for a month, suh great did fi him devastation. Mi si great things fi dis beautiful pickney of fi wi house, just because Yaca met a tragic end it has nothing to do with our new little Beta witch. When we name a child after an ancestor 'tis to celebrate them life, not them death. Yacahüey's name wi bring more powa tuh di pup's aready promising bloodline." Morgana stayed like a statue, unblinking. I still can't believe I'm actually talking with Adelola herself! 

"Great great-grandmotha mi deh yah, suh yuh sey it fine tuh name mi babi wid fi him name?" It still worries me to no end. I never imagined I would become so jittery as a father, how did Dad and Mom do this with the SIX of us?! How did Imotonex and Adelola do this with 14?!

"Yuh too superstitious mi pickney! It wi all be irie. Yuh muss truss yuh grandmotha inna dis." She seems very persistent in this, especially if she has been trying to connect with Morgana to get her point across. Morgana's eyes were going back to normal and she was waking from the trance.

"Even Adelola knows how superstitious you are my handsome wolf! Ha!" She says as she gets up and dusts herself. Great! Now she's totally going to ram that in for months! I help her clean up before leaving.

"Are you ok? Did you feel any discomfort my Love?" She looks tired.

"Nah, it was soothing. But I am a bit drained, I'll go to the Shrines to meditate and get the naming ceremony set up for dusk with Magdalena. She is however very pleased with how we all came together and are strengthening the family and even engraved some additional spells in my mind to add to her grimoire for various situations, I intend to pass it to mine and start prepping for... I guess we're going to name him Yacahüey then? I don't know about you but there's no way I'm going against Adelola on this, she seems to want the best for our boy Bayo and she's already given him gifts of various spells for his own grimoire. I felt her wish about him being guided correctly in magic as well as his Beta blood." Well I guess that's settled.

As if I'm going to go against the wishes of an ancestor AND Morgana! I have to much other shit to deal with like getting off this Leave! I've been giving Morgana everything she needs and having her and the pup's scent near is incredibly soothing, but as much as I complain about being a Beta sometimes I miss being in the middle of everything. Shomari gives me news on everything that's going on until Víctor comes nagging and I can smell Izzy behind this, too. I just have one thing to say to Morgana about it!

"Yes dear, is there anything you want me to do?" I'm fine with the name, Mom and Dad named Nina after his wife Guanina who died in that same tragedy and she's fine! I have to get a grip!

Morgana started laughing at my clear indication of acceptance and pulled me down to her to kiss me, this woman just does what she wants with me! I wouldn't have it any other way... 

-------------------------------

"So you finally have a name?" Maco asked. I stayed behind in the house since Cesar and Catalina were moving into the Small House today and I still had somethings there and Amelia had sent Nasser to go get some takeout from his sister's restaurant. The house is so lively with Lola, Ishaan and Santino staying over, Adam's nephews love coming over to play with some of Ishaan's niece and little cousins and Nina and her crew taking measurements and additional studies of the soil to ensure the structures integrity. 

She wants the Burial Chamber done before focusing on the village by Hacienda Florencia that's been called Villa Florencia since it's forever. That way there will be enough living space for Ishaan's family, many of them have already moved into the houses that Nina's team have approved as safe and are helping themselves with all the repairs and Ishaan and his brother have offered to buy the village from us to start creating their own legacy within the pack. 

Maco and Amelia decided that since we don't have any real use for a village since we already have so many properties and projects, they're going on to sell it at half the value. With the size of the Khatri family and the fact that they have several ranks especially Warriors, techs and Kappas, it would be wise to definitely help them get a good place in the packs hierarchy and have them as strong ally within the pack. 

"Yeah, I don't really have much of a choice in the matter! Dude I just spoke to Adelola! Has she spoken to you?!" I open a beer for each of us and he clinks it with that dashing Maco smile!

"Actually no... The one she has taken a liking to talking with is Amelia and Em goes down every other day making sure that everything's in order before the work begins in a few days. And yeah I don't have any say on my daughter's name either! When Bisabuelo said that the pup would be a Beta Amelia had already insisted she will be named Asenath and Great great-grandmotha already stamped her approval! Ha! Do you think Imotonex had any REAL power in this house!" Maco chuckles as he sits back to take a break from getting all his crap out of the sewing room. They're taking all of his and Gadiel's prototypes and projects to their new building downtown that Bisabuelo gave him.

As Head of the family, Maco has already made all the arrangements to recognize the Guerrero family as our kin and Janaína has already prepared a press release to inform everyone and that the DNA records of EVERY single pack member would be double checked. We can't FORCE anyone to acknowledge their bloodline as family, but it has to be in the database! This has nothing to do with filial ties and everything to do with medical safety since we make most of our components for health, camouflage, even weapons based on DNA... I have been going over Dad's diaries and they don't say shit about it! I love and miss that old man but damn it this was reckless as fuck! Sigh...

"Asenath will be a fine name for our little nice! I'll make sure to verify both her and Yaca's curriculum, at least they'll both be starting together." I'm just a little worried about Nía... Her own Heat should be coming soon. She had barely turned 18 when we had to evacuate, because of her age and since she's not an Alpha, the Goddess in her wisdom can delay a female's Heat. But those two are stuck at the hip and they both have been getting extra training from Ura and Maco and they want to make the trip to Oman to negotiate costs for seeds and baby trees for the farm they want, Fatima and Roxy want to go too and they've passed their test to travel. I told Nía to deal it out with Víctor.

"So you're going through with Yacahüey as our new pup's name? Looks like Adelola will definitely ALWAYS have some power over all of us! I'm just glad she's on our side brother! Papo was here the other day to check out the layout Nina had designed for the Burial Chamber, they want to redo theirs too and after sat in the garden for a bit after. He says that he also wanted some council... Dude, him, Jorel, Paco, Pepe, Germán, Gisela, they're trying to deal with Fernando and try to get rid of their hoarde. I'm meeting him tomorrow with Nina to show him the numbers of what we made from selling all the crap we had to the Historical Society and all the items that they might want to borrow in the future as descendants themselves. Enid sent Joey and Bree since they get those honors as well. Good thing is Enid and Marianela are coming with us to see if we can talk some sense into him, it's a bitch going over there for the Day of the Dead celebrations! We bought two lots in Karayita and Tony bought the one right next to us for almost nothing! Hopefully this will give him a new incentive to sell at least HALF of that hoard!" Yeah no shit! If their house didn't have the same protection spell placed by Adelola herself all their crap would be ashes. I finish my beer and pat my him on the shoulder.

"Well I'm just glad I don't have to deal with that shit! Good thing you're Head of the family big brother!" He sneered at me giving me the stink eye.

"Gee thanks!" He says as he pinched the bridge of his nose.

"Hey! I have a naming ceremony to set up for dusk. See you then?" He smiled and raised his beer...

"We'll be there brother! To Yacahüey Mirabal-LeFay! I'll make sure to add him to our book!" 
###chapter 189: Bad Habits
Loiza's POV

You have to be fucking kidding me! After hours of starting this training I could understand Bisabuelo's and the rest of the Guerrero family's frustration.

When they told me this training was BRUTAL that's exactly what I was expecting! But after just two days of watching this brouhaha I have had enough! I wasn't born an Alpha but I did get training from Mami, and Braka would put Cleo and me to practice different Alpha crippling moves to end our enemy, but this training is FINE! 

I'm not saying it's EASY, I'm just saying it's doable and actually quite fun... When I have a Guerrero Alpha sparing partner! I actually had a nice bonding time with Abuelo and it REALLY got fun when he went all out! He DID get me in the end but I definitely learned A LOT! I totally get where Mami got her moves and she never went easy with any of us, except for Nina. If she won you KNEW you WOULD be in AGONY for hours! And that's exactly what I got from Abuelo... We went all out for little over an hour but in the end, he had more tricks in his arsenal, I even cheated using some of Phi's strength. He still beat me like a PUP! At least my cousin Yolanda, Tía Constanza's daughter is an Omega and we both got to work on speeding up the healing to my face, ribs, broken shin bone, clavicle and broken arm! Then we worked on Abuelo! His poor hands! Ha! He looks like shit too, but damn he has a nasty right hook and his wolf Chaka really got Aryn's hind leg good! We couldn't stop smiling at each other! 


"Mija! I must say that was very impressive and still you only was unconscious for less than two minutes! Shit! If you're mother were alive you could EASILY defeat her! I could see her training! If this is now I'll make sure that you can take Caguax before long! He defeated both Yureibo and myself and even Braka lost to him! He is so far the strongest Alpha of the pack. Basically if it weren't for the fact that we all know you can eliminate us with a though, it's him who's the strongest. He was going to challenge Gúarionex... We we're still discussing it as a family. The Real Dynasty was dying out and Yadiel was physically strong, there's no denying his godly blood as well! I imagine that it if weren't for the eruption, it would still be the Real Dynasty who ruled..." We both felt suddenly uncomfortable, and I took his hand in mine and he gave it a little squeeze.

Even if every family in the island seeks recognition, the Alpha's have little other choices than that of Warrior. This is their gift... Power. But even in the wild, a bloodline of the pack can be finished by the wrong decision. It's our wolf's nature! I feel the rush of power through my veins and everyone who shares my blood shares in that rush of power. Yet the loss of the other Alpha still hurts... That pain is shared by the pack. The pack is life! And for the Alphas that life is OUR LIFE! Their hearts beat with your own... It took me over a year to re-learn that! Ura was so patient! I don't imagine my life without it... It frightens me!

"It's fine Abuelo, I intend to see this through! I want to see how far my body can go without my gifts! I would like it if you could keep training me and spar with me as you did now, ok?!" I could feel my clavicle bone snapping in place! Fuck! That's ALWAYS a painful heal!

Kayden couldn't stop linking me with his bullshit! I mean seriously! He was never the BEST at warfare and he could never outsmart Athena! Give me a break! My beloved has other traits I adore!

'Ugh! WILL YOU FUCKING STOP! THIS IS WHY ATHENA AND ARES BEAT YOU AT THIS EVERY SINGLE TIME!" That shut him up!

When I had to spar with the others I had to hold back... Even with Kayden! It wasn't fun anymore!

And as stated one of the main problems... Nudity. Ugh! I've seen enough!

"Tío Yureibo, would you mind it if I stepped in?" He sat down for a break and had some water and fruits, cheese and cured meats brought to us. We usually keep lunch light when we train and a very heavy meal after... Lots of puking goes on in training, no need to strain your stomach more. 

"Do you have any suggestions mija? Don't get me wrong, they're strong and have the potential to be easily more powerful but they hold back I just don't understand. Is being naked THAT unconventional? I mean, we do it ALL the time when we shift!" While Tío Yureibo, myself and most of the Guerrero family Warriors went to the outside showers to wash the sweat off, and sat down on soft thick white cotton blankets with woven bamboo mats underneath naked allowing the wind to dry us and cool down our bodies while we had a lunch and a break, the rest of the Alphas were scampering for their clothes or putting on some robes! It was quite the spectacle!

Kayden, Tony, Hiroto and Cesar came over to sit with us...

"WHOA! What are you doing?!" I asked stopping them and Kayden was about to give me a kiss when I stopped him while taking a bite of a banana and breaking off a piece and putting it in his mouth.

"I asked what do you four think you're doing? These mats are for hygiene and not having the grass up our ass! Did any of you at least wash the sweat off with water before you put those robes on?!" They all looked at each other like if they were caught with their hands in the cookie jar! I get up and tell them to follow me to talk with them in private... Kayden has a robe for me and I just started laughing at the sight! His eyes were BEGGING me to put it on as I shoo it away, it's hot as fuck today!

"What's the matter with you guys?! You're missing punches, not avoiding hits on time and thinking too much on your next move! And those robes... Do you know WHY they're white?" They look at me like lost school boys. I purposely closed my link with all of them, including my golden God, I won't be doing him any favors if I give him a crutch here.

"Because they look nice like that?" Oh Cesar! I facepalmed myself and Tony smacked him in the back of the head.

"Guys, why do you think you stink after a workout?" I'm going to have to baby bird feed here! Did these wolves HAVE any civilized ways?

"Because we sweat?" A question Tony?

"Ok, that's a good start... Have you ever smelled sweat Tony? Like the second the first drop leaves your skin?" He looks at the others looking for help. Oh my Goddess!

"Ok I'm not even going to ask about how you learned basic biology. Guys, sweat is just water being expelled from your body, the PRIME reason for us sweating is to lower our body's temperature. As wolves our metabolism works up to 7 times more than that of humans because of shifting, rapid regeneration, etc. So we sweat way more. Now here's the fun bit... SWEAT doesn't have a bad odor, however the BACTERIA that feeds off your sweat DEFECATES on your skin... THAT'S the stink you smell! Bacteria POOP! Now imagine how the person who makes sure those robes are cleaned and disinfected must feel every time he or she has to pick up after you! It's rude as fuck, so spread the word! The robes are white because that kind of washing will wear of the dyes used for regular fabrics, that's why training robes and break mats are usually white!" The look on their faces was hysterical! Kayden KNOWS this information! 

I head back, we have to change this training method pronto before these bad habits become deadly to them!

"Tío Yureibo don't you think we should first help them with being comfortable in their own skin? I mean, we know the consequences of a split second errors in combat for OUR people. However I think we CAN teach an old dog new tricks! I say we teach them to CRAWL first!" He smiles at me! And looks at them looking awkward and us not even flinching. 

Yureibo hasn't left the island in a very long time except for Blood Moon, he's in charge that their family's legacy fighting style lives on and he can't be risked to go off island. I will admit, I'm still in pain but I think I can get the knack of it before the Full Moon and be able to continue after I give birth! And I'm pretty sure Abuelo should know how to spar with me pregnant. He definitely knew how to measure himself! These techniques are pretty challenging and definitely if I didn't have my Priestess powers I'm pretty sure Caguax COULD challenge me. 

However by Karaya Law having a ruling Alpha recognize your linage whether it be through the male or female line makes absolutely no difference! Caguax would be basically challenging HIS own family not for THEIR sake, but for HIS own and it would make him look very dishonorable giving reason to his family to discard his name. NONE of us want that! I look forward to getting the beating of my life with him! I imagine SEVERAL times! But as long as I get to learn this it's TOTALLY worth it, Kayden will get it eventually and I desperately need him to. 

Whatever else our parents are our first Masters and I want every single one of our pups at their strongest, especially Deacon, I will miss Jade like crazy but I've little by little made my peace with it, but I KNOW the power she will wield especially under Moira's tutelage. So during that time I need to make sure Deacon will be trained and educated as well as possible and Maco and Bayoán have been talking to Johanna about the curriculum for every pup of our family.

"Is this seriously necessary?!" That's right... He REALLY disliked the Spartans, to be fair so did I, but their training methods are the most humans have come to how WE train. We always have medical support, but during training we practice like if we were already in REAL battle and our sparing partner our true enemy. Just as they won't show mercy in real combat, neither do we in practice. I clicked my tongue. I keep my link closed.

"Which part? The getting your ass kicked to actually LEARN how your opponent should feel after you've defeated him! What on Earth is it that you guys do during training in your packs?! Somebody gets a scratch and everyone goes to the nurse? Here we will go to an inch of our lives to make sure that we tried EVERY SINGLE strategy to the very end! How do you guys think you're going to survive this training? Do you think this is brutal?! Dude we're going to go to do something in the training that is going to stop some of your ridiculous behavior!"

I link every single Alpha there, break time's OVER!

"Ok guys I KNOW that most, if not ALL of you are quite bashful when you're naked. I got news for all of you, we've already seen all of your balls and coochies! It's not like it's something we haven't seen before! So for the rest of the day we are going to focus on ONLY that... Now STRIP! ALL OF YOU! This is an order!" They start taking everything off slowly. 

"You will all learn that you're NOT A HUMAN! You're a WOLF! YOU'RE AN ALPHA! You're bodies are perfectly sculpted weapons! So what if we see you? We're your brothers and sisters! So what if your enemy sees you, he shouldn't be able to get away from you alive to say shit! I heard that the Guerrero training was BRUTAL according to some of you... It's bullshit! It's hard as fuck but you all have the strength and potential to take this on easily, but you being self conscious about your nakedness is making you loose focus! That ends TODAY! We want that whenever you are challenged by an enemy, that you are the one ALIVE at the end of the battle! We want it to be YOU who returns home to your home and to your families! It will very likely be uncomfortable and awkward at first but It could really cost you your life guys, I'm serious here! I have been in the field enough to know that changing from your human to your wolf and back again and actually caring if you have anything on could cost you dearly! One of our Beta sisters is undergoing a terrible ordeal because of one wrong split second move and it wasn't even about something so trivial as showing a boob! She's been recovering for over two years afraid of her own WOLF, afraid of EVERY wolf! Still... She fucking SURVIVED! She was naked and about to lose her arm and still she prevailed! Tonight while all of you are cuddled up in your comfortable beds not having to worry about security, I command that you investigate what happened to Moraima. She's still healing, but she's HOME and we along with her family are making her whole again! For today and every day I want everyone to strip the moment you step foot on this training field, no robes will be available and you will wash for breaks! Nobody wants to spar with someone who's filthy, that's another type of training you'll get eventually! If you have an opening from your opponent you will take it! Don't hold back because they won't either, so if you feel like you're going to break a bone, DO IT! This is ridiculous! If you hold back in training how will you know how far you could go in real combat? And so what if you're in pain? There's always someone who will help accelerate your healing so you can get back out there! You ALL saw how my own Grandfather kicked the shit out of me, but I didn't back down until he put me down. OSUPA DON'T BACK DOWN EVER! WE FUCKING SURVIVE EVERYTHING AND ANYTHING UNTIL WE DIE! THAT'S THE ONLY MOTHERFUCKER THAT SHOULD EVER HAVE THE ABILITY TO END YOU AND EVEN THEN YOU FIGHT HIM! DO YOU FUCKING UNDERSTAND?!" At least they were standing straight and not focusing on covering their balls! Meanwhile the Guerrero's were riled up!

"CACIQUE, ARRUFFF!" And the afternoon was filled with the howling of their wolves.
###chapter 190: Gratitude
Kayden's POV


"CACIQUE ARRUFF!"

Ugh! She's flexing hard on purpose! 'Deacon I seriously need some backup here! Can't you persuade Aryn?'

'No, I agree with Mate. Kayden I'm here to help you channel your godly nature as well as your wolf. We are WOLF! Why are you letting your HUMAN be ashamed? Apollo doesn't care, and he NEEDS to get stronger to protect Mate from HIM, needs to get stronger to help train our pups!' Great, getting scolded by your wolf with your nutsack out!

'Yo Kayden, does she still have her link with you cut off?' Tony really doesn't care about being naked at all anymore and the first time we spared he kicked my ass! I guess growing up in the South of France would help you deal with nudity better than Virginia, I'm still channeling too much of Kayden's upbringing, UGH! Even Everett got over it really fast! 

"Kayden my boy, I saw my sons ripped to shreds! If THIS is what it takes to defeat anyone threatening my mate and my pack I'll be making sure to adapt!" The old wolf is determined to learn every new trick and doesn't look like that beaten up Alpha who had almost lost his desire to keep on going. Both him and Abigail look younger and stronger. 

'Sorry Tony, she's got me in the dog house with you.' She does have a point though. 

'Shit! I just wanted to know if you had any idea if she intends to pair us up... I could really use a break from Xavier! He's literally killing me man and I have a feeling he's really getting off on it!' I look over at where Xavier is just laying back in the shade looking like he's napping. 

'Dude we just saw Izz get PULVERIZED by her GRANDPA and SHE was getting off on it! That's how they're so efficient! Learning to ENDURE the worst pain and not let it distract you. I KNOW she went easy on me and I have a feeling that this little speech of hers is a warning not just on nudity, but that we're going to have to learn to take the pain and not let it affect us in real combat, look at how they're training the PUPS!' They're not going easy on them AT ALL! Those kids are getting beat to a pulp and are getting back up fast and counter attacking even faster! It's ADORABLE to watch them growling, bearing their canines showing the ferociousness of their wolves and showing no fear of the next broken bone and they still can't even shift! 

Those kids could EASILY hunt, kill and destroy their counterparts of other packs with EASE! It's kinda comforting knowing that the pups can hold their own, if Goddess forbid something were to happen, knowing that the pups can gang up and EASILY take down a full grown Warrior puts a smile on my face, Deacon will definitely be trained this way! Alpha pups of newcomers are being trained by the Reyes family, however once they master that training they're coming here. Yengiga is exited and working his ass off, his oldest son and niece will start their training here next week and was joking that he doesn't want to look like a total chump in front of them, he is very proud with his son passing the first step in his training, the boy is only 13 but he's quite fierce and his cousin is bolder in my opinion... That little girl is fearless! Izzy, Ura and Tali had already warned us how their parents wouldn't hold back on them last night in The Circle. 

Even in chess, Ayato never let any of them win and he would play with every tool in his arsenal, it was expected of the children to catch up as fast as possible. Last night I was looking through Izz's memories and the physical pain she endured was WAY worse than ANYTHING Keaton put me through in training, and Lydia had no part in our training or education at all for that matter... To be fair, Luna's are not usually expected to do any of that in most packs. Isla on the other hand has always had her own office and official pack duties like every single Luna before her. She and Abigail have become very close friends sharing their joint grief, and Everett is happy his mate is laughing again and going out with new friends!

For The Osupa the WHOLE pack is responsible for ALL the pups and to ensure that they are as strong, fast, agile, knowledgeable and powerful as possible and the whole family is the first to step up in their development.

The Mirabal family had basically THREE parents training and educating ALL the pups to their maximum potential and I'm sure that had Ayiti found a mate, he or she would've absolutely been involved. It's what Umbros is doing with his and Adam's nephews, Nía, Nasser, Nina and Tony are very doting, Morgana has enchanted every nursery in The Fort and the one in the house with a major complicated spell that had both her and Endora comatose for almost 24 hours to ensure they're heavily protected. As Patriarch and Matriarch, Maco and Amelia have been taking their duties very seriously. And Ayiti has been drawing up the first training the Beta pups will receive as Orocobix has a schedule for Jade and Deacon, and her and Isla spend as much time in the nursery as Mónica herself or just take the pups to Isla's rooms and put them all on the floor while they encourage them to crawl and stand or simply take them to the lagoon for their swimming lessons, where now there are always a few Mermaids waiting excitedly to help with this chore for EVERY pup in The Fort. They're doing this all over the island and even the vampires are allowing them near their children to encourage them to swim.

I am very aware that Maco and Bayoán are taking the reins for the education and training for all the pups and Ishaan and Marcus are making dozens of calculations for their financial future. As Cacique, Izzy has to take a back seat on this to focus on her own training and ruling of the pack, but since she granted I keep my Alpha title and am father to the future Alpha, it's expected of me to start training our kids immediately and help train any other Alpha born to our family, this is expected of Tony as well, I already approved Orocobix's schedule and when the time comes Tony and I will be paying attention to Orocobix's instruction, neither of us want to fuck this up!

Because she can't have as much time as she wants with the pups she's making sure that they're top notch swimmers ASAP! Karaya's best defense is also potentially dangerous for the pups, the ocean is our strongest shield but it's expected from everyone to teach the pups to swim almost as soon as they're out of their mother's womb. They're using the fact that the pups still have a feeling of security in water, and by teaching them to swim they're helping the pups start strengthening their muscles and bones as early as possible.

This weekend we went to Karayita to check out the plots that Nina and Tony picked and it's beaches are very placid so we let Deacon, Jade and Nyma play on the sand and they started crawling towards Bayoán who stripped and got in the water with Yaca encouraging the pup to float and kick. Ben, Jeremy and Inaaya were in the water with Aaron, Adam, Umbros and Nasser, Haylee doesn't know how to swim very well yet and didn't have to deal with her boys having so much access to water back at Blood Moon, however Aaron, Adam and Leo had taught the boys to swim at the lake and Umbros is teaching them how to recognize underwater currents, how to avoid them, how to get out of them if caught, how to know if the conditions at the rivers, streams, ponds and lakes are safe and what to do in emergencies, what animals to avoid, which ones they can eat, he and Adam have even been teaching them and Aaron how to surf. Haylee and tons of newcomers are learning how to swim but she's still insecure... So when the pups started crawling towards the water she started to panic and was getting up to get them when Nía held her hand before she could interrupt the pup's curiosity.

"It's fine Haylee! There're no underwater currents in these waters and it stays shallow for at least 13 yards, that's why Nina picked this area of the island! It's the most kid friendly and it allows the pups to explore and learn to be bold but cautious!" She stripped down and invited Haylee to sit with her in the shallow water to watch the pups. Aaron started calling for his mate... She couldn't resist when the boys called for their mother and joined Nía, but to be fair they were all wearing swim wear, when they don't have intention of releasing their wolf they usually have pretty bitching bathing suits, I loved that purple Izz had on, I can't wait for our Heat! Either way the kids started splashing them but Nía started to hunt them out underwater like a shark and the they started squealing and laughing while Bayoán, Umbros and Nina went closer to shore to wait for the three babies headed their way.

I sat on the sand and watched with Marcus, Ishaan and Adhira, Ishaan's older sister and mother of Inaaya. She was smiling while seeing her daughter playing freely, her mate was one of many of Chandrama's casualties and Ishaan and Lola were taking care of Inaaya while she is going through heavy mate grieving counseling... The fact that she's pregnant serves as some comfort to her, they have a very strong family unit and their mother Kashvi is staying with them at the house. Since she's a Kappa who's main talent is cooking and weaving, the family is getting a lot of Indian comfort food! Nina has been paying close attention and taking notes and already asked Jorel and Otoao, to make her a weaver to her specifications. Kashvi's also getting extra income by going to The Fort and teaching her secrets to Berto and Domingo and she's also been hanging out with Samira since she wants to open her own restaurant Downtown that two of her nephews will eventually manage while she, her two sisters, Adhira and some nieces and nephews will focus more on weaving different textiles for another business venture once they too move to the mountains in Villa Florencia, the woman is a machine!

"Thank you for bringing our family here Ishaan, I know what it cost you but Baba would be so proud of you! Mummy definitely is!" Ishaan put his arm over his sister's shoulder and kissed her head. 

"The price was worth it, don't think about any of it Adi, just focus on your health and our nephew on the way. Ina is safe, going to school, training and having adventures with her new friends as it should be! So just let Mummy and us pamper you, ok?" He put his hand on her belly and she cupped his cheek with her soft smile.

Maco and Amelia decided to indeed sell them Villa Florencia and Ishaan and Viyaan bought the next two plots adjacent to the ones that Maco and Tony bought and one on the many hills overlooking the Caribbean on the bigger island Ura and his team found, you can even see South America in the distance! I already told Izz that Marcus and I are getting two plots next to them and so is Tony, the view is insanely beautiful! Next week the projects to build on both Islands will be announced and it feels like it's going to be a gold rush! 

Those who know have already made their claims including Víctor and his brother, Papo already got two for the Ollers, Elder Juan already paid for one big plot in Karayita and three for the other island, Enid got a big one on that island too, so did Gadiel and his brother, and even Avis got a big one for his family in Karayita. Sammy and him have the same intention of starting their own house like Ishaan with the Spogel's blessing since the same alliance will be formed with them and us, and he's also making offers to Isla for the Real ancestral home. Since Viyaan knew, Cleo told her family so Casimar also got one on the bigger island and Nasser and Tony told Louis and Yahir, so Louis paid for three plots, one for himself and one for Yahir and Fatima, he intends to start his own house and he's almost as loaded as Tony and lost everyone himself, so him and Samira have taken the financial responsibility for their family, and has given Yahir, Nasser and Fatima a portion of his own wealth so that they can start their own legacy. Yahir bought the apartment they live in, yet while Louis is building a new big house in Atabex since Samira is opening a second location of her restaurant there, Yahir is building his own house in Caney City in the mountains with intent of opening another restaurant there, he intends to give Fatima the apartment when he moves out. Shomari, Jana and Hiroto took out a small loan each to get a plot in Karayita. Even Grandmother and Cesar bought one, and yeah, she ORDERED me to pay for it or else! The other two smaller Islands are still being studied by the Geology Department and so far it seems that one of them can't be built on, so it will mainly be a wildlife reserve where members of the pack can camp and have day trips.

After the robes were taken away I went with Tony, Cesar and Hiroto to the shower which is a natural spring waterfall with a yearlong temperature of 72⁰ F, the fresh water falls freely and lands on stones which lead the water to a hidden drain which leads to an underground river. It does feel really good, and after we joined Izzy and the others where they were relaxing before going at it again.

"Happy now?" I asked her as she allowed us to sit on the matt, while she placed a plater of fruit, veggies, cheese and cured meats.

"Very much so! We all stink either way and our noses are acute enough to notice but DAMN! You guys would train like that?! I mean, we are used to A LOT of vomiting during training, but it's because of the intense pain not because of how our sparing partner's smell is making us sick! It's a question of being considerate and having good manners! C'mon guys you can absolutely do this, it's just NATURAL for us, I refuse that any Alpha of this pack be killed by anyone over something so trivial as awkwardness between shifting. Tony wasn't too used to it in the beginning, he didn't mind being naked that much but he still was shy, but look around... Nobody gives a shit!" And she lays down putting her head on my thigh, her scent is intoxicating and I'm using all of my self control to not get hard! She just started giggling!

"Hai! I have already talked to the other Alphas from home and they're getting better at it, we can clearly see the results. We indeed have been taking too many human traits! Funny enough the females are getting used to it faster! Hayami doesn't mind anymore... Not that she minded much before. Her mother trained her and shifters are more of the same mindset as here... Ichikasan would have loved it!" Hiroto leans back with a sad look. He loved his 'stepmother' very much, he always says how loving she was.

"Well good! Hayami has been doing really well with Beta training from what I hear in the pack Link and Enid wants to train her too for white out missions. Both her and Shomari have excellent genes, the pack is very curious and exited to see how their eventual offspring will turn out! Shit, I'M very excited, Shomari already prepared the paperwork for their upcoming Heat and Lady Magdalena and the girls are prepping rituals galore for all the upcoming Heats in The Fort. We woke up at dawn yesterday for a Blessing ritual for her own pup and Amelia goes everyday now to meditate, she's doing very well!" I already have the Blessings I prepped for Ishaan and Lola, but I need an opportunity to grant it to them like with Em. 

I've been monitoring her progress and I already notice that there are days that she doesn't even think about what she went through and she doesn't mind stripping to go on runs with Maco anymore. At first Marcus was concerned about her going on runs and shifting in her advanced pregnancy, we were taught that it would harm the pup but it's the contrary. Amelia though the same until she saw many pregnant females shifting looking about to burst, but Estefanía explained that it was total nonsense that The Council had been pandering. A female warewolf's body is designed to shift at ANY stage of her pregnancy and the pup will ALWAYS be protected by her womb, it's actually essential that they ALWAYS be able to shift to be able to protect herself and the pup in that crucial stage from other predators. In fact it helps the mother keep a nimble and relaxed body to make the birth easier and less painful. Marcus has been spending more time at The Fort's library and Tali's head to relearn everything he thought he knew.

Moira already gave the Betas a bullshit story about why Izz is getting her Heat this upcoming Full Moon instead of almost a year from now like she was supposed to. Something about having her mate and causing a trigger to reproduce again... They're not idiots, but they accepted it. I'm so glad that everything is sound proof at The Fort, there's already going to be about five couples having their Heat this coming Full Moon including Hayami, Nía and Sakura, Gadiel's mate! It's basically going to be a mayor fuck fest that nobody wants to hear it! 

However Izzy and I are both yearning for our daughter safely with us... I have been thinking about ways to thank Hera for her mercy, she tried to kill my mother when she was at her most vulnerable to wipe Artemis and me off existence and I know she's not doing any of this for me, however I owe her. How do you thank someone you have hated for thousands of years?
###chapter 191: The Bully
Robert's POV

"Are you all ok? How's it like?" Marla and Julie are safe in Karaya Island and William has infiltrated Gau Sakratua Odol Clan with some Unseelie Changeling glamour magic, I don't have much information on Chieftain Olaberría but vampires aren't immune to fae magic. Billy boy basically took out one of them and is impersonating him. When I informed Everett...

"Yeah, we have eyes on him. Edrigu García, Chieftain Olaberría won't be happy about that and the Lady Ziggy has been informed, she's livid but will keep quiet to not alert The Council and is waiting for The Osupa's answer to best proceed. So don't worry about it, we've got it covered!" Ok...  

"We're all fine you have to see this place Bobby! We got in late last night and the kids were grumpy, all of our biological clocks were out of sync, so we were escorted to our apartments in The Fort, like no shit Bobby it's a FORTRESS! And Babe these apartments are so chic you'd think we were on a boss vacation! I had my own apartment with Rachel, and Julie had her own with the boys right next to us. We all got a medical checkup first and after getting what can only be described as the best meal ever, we were given a potion to be able to fall asleep. You can imagine Julie and I trying to get the kids to take a bath and putting them to bed but after their bath and their meal, Estefanía, that's the doctor who checked us, administered the potion to the them to make sure that Julie and I didn't go overboard! They were out in minutes and I slept like a log after taking that potion myself. But Bobby when morning came and we went out to the balcony... It's like waking up in another world!" She sounds very happy and I can hear the kids giggling in the background.

"Have you seen Alpha Loiza yet Love? How's Juliette's mood?" She still goes into those silent spells that scare the shit out of Dominic and me.

"We did. Baby I don't know what The Council hopes to achieve by any type of revenge, I can tell you right now it's not happening. Anyone who sees this place will just see that The Council is embarrassing themselves. Alpha Loiza received us with honors in the Throne Room and babe, when I say Throne Room I MEAN not some little bullshit Hall like Alpha Jackson has in his pack house that makes him think he's the shit! I'm talking about a HUGE dome architectural feat! An actual COURT where there are benches for people to sit and in the center a wide stone staircase with shallow half Moon pools at their sides and two platforms for the supplicant at turn, we stood in the one closest to her. It was intimidating to say the least! I mean it was packed! But I'll tell you this baby, I need cash! These people have STYLE! Remember when I told you I loved Alpha Loiza's outfit when she blew up that idiot Armand?" Ha! She's something else! By the Goddess I love this woman but her sense of 'style' is going to make us broke!

"Yes dear I remember, how's Julie?" Marla has always been a pampered Daddy's girl and is easily distracted by shiny new toys, but I understand... Rachel is my only little girl too and they both gang up on me!

"She's actually quite good! After meeting with Alpha Loiza, and yes that white dress she wore, not the actual one but the dress is up for sale and it's very popular! So after our audience with her we were interviewed by The Fort's top doctor Daniella and she could see right away Julie's depression. I explained what happened and after examining us she contacted a specialist in mate grieving counseling! Can you believe that shit Bobby?! They have not two or three pack doctors, they fucking have SPECIALISTS for EVERYTHING! And it's because that's the purpose of Omegas and Chis and Phis! They're not servants here, they are the HEALERS of the pack and are VERY respected. I just learning how they classify their members and we're doing it ALL WRONG! They asked her if she was ok with me taking care of the boys so that they could admit her to the hospital and start intensive therapy! At first she was a little hesitant but Healer Tatiana started reasoning with her and she gave in. They gave me another apartment with more bedrooms, so tell Dominic not to worry, the boys are with me. The hospital has a huge separate building that looks more like those rehab retreats that humans have for those who are addicted to something and it's REALLY peaceful! But here's the best part... We met up with Everett and Abigail and babe, they're looking VERY GOOD! Abby is recovering so well from loosing Jonas and Jeremy that she's going in HEAT this coming Full Moon!" WHAT?! It's true that she still should be fertile, but Dad told us that Abby stopped getting her Heat almost a decade ago before he passed, nobody understood why and now something reactivated it?!

"Are you serious?! HOW?!" And Omegas are the DOCTORS?! Where the fuck is this information?!

"So check this out... She says that she was sceptical about The Osupa treatment until she DID start feeling better. Both her and Everett would just talk to their therapist together about the boys. She says that the first week was horrible because they wanted her to remember how much she loved her sons and they don't administer any medication in this period unless they see that the stress is to much and for sleep, but basically what they do during that time is allowing her mind to process and ACCEPT the tragedy that happened, but the point isn't to forget their sons, but that when they do remember them it's joy they feel instead of pain, like allowing a festering wound to drain you know? They both said that the pain was almost unbearable but that they were under strict supervision the whole time, but after a while they started feeling better and started receiving water therapy, nature runs, guided meditation in one of their FOUR Temples with a Priestess or Handmaid... Healer Tatiana explained that Julie will be going through something similar, but because Sawyer was her True Mate the process can be a little longer and more delicate. That's why they don't recommend that the boys be around, they don't want the boys to see their mother go through such a painful process that could traumatize them more and they don't want her to focus on anything other than her own health having to worry about her pups. And yes, the boys are going to receive therapy too, but after their examination they determined that the boys need more recreational therapy and that they will chat with a psychologist three days a week. But they were very concerned about Juliette's mood and they mentioned something about her pupil dilation at some answers she gave. Apparently she was in worse shape than we thought and the pups were better. Tatiana said that it's actually very common since the mother tries to shield her pups from trauma at the cost of their own health, but that in the end they wither and it's worse on the pups in the long run. They want to mentally stabilize HER before they determine that she can continue her therapy outside the hospital and that she won't hurt herself and not freak out the boys. Didn't the Lady Charlotte mention that changing her diet wasn't going to help at all? I think it makes sense Bobby, especially after seeing Abby and Everett. And not only is she getting her Heat, baby she looks STRONG! And Everett looks like he looked when Dominic and Bethany had Elizabeth!" Fuck! Dr. Lenard said that Julie just needed to change her damn DIET! He never really even TALKED with her, he mainly talked with Dom... Abby's getting her Heat! I have NEVER heard of a female getting her Heat after not having it for that long. 

I have to report this to my brother! Bethie is  10 and every Heat after that hasn't been successful, Dominic is training her to be his successor despite the bullshit of the Elders. We're still determining who's still loyal to The Council but if it wasn't for our doubts he would have told them off when Alpha Loiza proved that a female can definitely lead like a BOSS! He even has gone as far to say that even if he had a son, he would have to prove that he could do a better job than Bethie. For a 10 year old, Elizabeth is her father's daughter through and through and is by his side at almost all times learning everything necessary to be Alpha of Moon Shadow.

"Babe how long do they estimate that Julie will be hospitalized and how did they achieve for Abby to get her Heat?! I've never heard of such a thing. And will they send the kids to school?" This could also help Marla and me, Rachel is six and besides that other Heat that was successful even though Marla had a miscarriage, we haven't had any more luck and unfortunately Rachel isn't a Beta. Henry, Juliette's oldest is, however I started training him but the boy is only 12.

"Tatiana says she doesn't like estimating time of therapy, something about how healing the mind is extremely complicated, but she hopes that Julie will be able to come back to The Fort in about a month. I can go see her but from a distance and no interaction for now, they want to get her out from the abyss first. They do allow letters and they gave her a dairy so she can write down anything she feels and that's absolutely private. Abby says that sometimes she re-reads her's and has a good cry but she feels better after. What happened to Abigail isn't a big miraculous thing here Bobby! Many females that came from other packs are getting their Heats too! I told Daniella about us and the miscarriage and about Bethany. I have an appointment next week with a sud-specialist because Daniella couldn't find any anomaly, but her practice is more on all around medicine. She does EVERYTHING and is the Head Master Healer of the pack but if she can't find anything she recommends a Healer that focuses on just that particular area, so next week I'm going to see a Dr. Ruby McIntosh, apparently she used to be a doctor at Blood Moon Pack and left with her family when The Osupa found out about Keaton and Lydia's backstabbing shit! She started training the minute she got here on that specific field because her sister had fertility issues, notice how I said HAD Babe! I'm trying to stay chill about it but I can't help getting a little excited! About Bethany they said they would have to examine her, they also want to examine you and I imagine Dominic as well... Something about a specific secretion males produce to encourage the female's body, it's really interesting! Why the fuck doesn't The Council have this information Bobby? And don't worry about the kids, they start school next week too, Master Johanna, she's basically like the Headmistress in charge of education at The Fort, will examine them and determine what will be their curriculum, who will train them in combat and what additional classes they need to ensure that they reach their maximum potential! They're at the Lagoon right now watching as the little ones get their swimming lessons and Babe you should have seen their faces when they saw the Mermaids! SHIT! My own jaw hit the sand!" MERMAIDS!

"What do you mean MERMAIDS Marla?! The kids aren't in the water are they?!" What the actual fucked up shit is this, The Council has no information about this AT ALL!

"Relax Bobby! I'm watching them from the balcony. Babe the Mermaids are full fledged CITIZENS of Karaya and are now considered a part of the pack! Even the vampires trust them! It's actually really cute how much they are helping with the pups swimming, they even have their own little ones encouraging the pups to play! I'll ask permission to tape it to send it to you, I can imagine the heart attack your going to have when you see your little girl chasing a Mermaid, ha ha! I almost spit my own heart out but they're harmless. Well, not to outsiders, but they're everywhere here, I even heard that they swim up the rivers and go inland." Well I'll be damned! What kind of Alpha is this?! We already knew about the vampires and fae, but Mermaids? I'll make sure it stays that way, whatever Xiao, Kelsey and Asher want to do, it's best they don't know about this extra muscle The Osupa have.

I have a lot to report to Dominic! I KNOW my mate acts like she's unbothered by the whole baby thing, but I KNOW it DOES bother her. I definitely want more pups with my mate but the Goddess has Blessed me more than I deserve and Rachel is my little princess, I would be totally fine if only having her is the Goddess's will.

"Ok, I'm relaxing Babe... It's just you have given me a ton to think about. Let me know what the doctor says next week and I'm trusting you to keep me posted on everything else, and yeah check about the video, I'm still figuring out this ring. So you need money Babe? They have places to shop sweetheart?" Usually we have to leave the pack to go to the mall, we only have a few shops and dinners in the village.

"Bobby you would have to see this place to believe it! They have three CITIES, like with fucking skyscrapers, granted not Space Needle high, but high enough to make an impact and the architecture here... Uff! It's really something, Bobby this doesn't scream PACK to me you know, it's more like... A country, that's the best description I have. Cities, shops, restaurants, cafés, highways, bars, they even have a Red Light District in the capital, they have a fucking CAPITAL for Goddess sake! The rumors we have heard are a crass underwhelming representation of reality, so keep that façade in The Bunker with those bunch of assholes! I feel bad for Asher, I really do, and Daphne was a nice lady, but Armand fucked everyone over, and the hospital where Julie is at Babe... It's not empty. Like they're thousands of wolves suffering from the lost of loved ones or PTSD from constant battles and that's without mentioning all the work their doctors are dedicating on reconstructive surgery on the survivors of not only the volcano blast, but of all the attacks that were happening to the other packs! Other packs are coming Baby, but now that everything is calm they can proceed with less hassle... I swear, I don't understand why Chairman Cain insisted on keeping those attacks after someone fucking entered their building and literally BLEW people to shit! And seriously Bobby you have to tell Dominic to get the Omegas off serving drinks and cleaning, Beta Janaína said that she would redact how they structure the pack using the Greek Alphabet so that Dominic and you can study it. And fuck yeah I need money, well to be honest I don't NEED it, all our needs are being met, but they have REALLY nice stores and I would love to go shopping! Everett and Abby are taking us to their favorite beach tomorrow with a picnic, they're living in a nice condo Downtown, but they're building a house by the lake in Caney? I think it's Caney City in the Mountains and now have the project on hold to see what's the outcome of their Heat. If it's successful they're going to change the parts of the layout they can at this stage of construction to make it more pup friendly, they're taking us on the weekend to check it out! They bought the condo either way since Everett is working for OPIA HQ now and is training with a particular family, I'll get more info tomorrow." I'm trying to get my mind around all of this! And what the fuck is an OPIA?! Greek Alphabet coding? THREE cities?! As far as we knew they only have ONE! 

"Ok sweetheart, I'll contact Everett to see how I can send you money, either way if you can use your credit cards, don't ok? I don't want anyone tracing you, remember that your playing dead Babe. Dominic liked that The Osupa were being very cautious so him and your Dad came up with some accident were Julie and the boys died. So as of now no contact with anyone, this is how we keep them alive, ok?" My Goddess! Julie must have been near the edge! 

It wouldn't be the first time a True Mate committed suicide after their mate's death, hmm... Lenard is a Mu. Now I can't wait to get my hands on that code. I can always count on Marla to make good decisions, except with money but we have more than we need and she's her father's only heir so I can forgive her that, but she's always been super sharp, even when I didn't think so in highschool, she was just a typical blond cheerleader and would bully the shit out of me! I never could get laid because of her! And then the Goddess mated her to me and I find out that it WAS her little plan all along that I didn't get laid! My little minx had received a vision years before, that I was her mate, she was a contender to go to Avalon but failed and Charlotte got to go instead. She's always been very devout, but after that vision she started hiding it, she started to amp her charm level at school and became THAT girl by the time we reached highschool! By then everyone was eating out of her hand and made my social life non-existent! I still can't spin my head around that fucked up shit and I'm a damn BETA! Marla is a Kappa and sings like what I imagine Selene herself must sound and used her super powers to state her claim over ME! It was diabolical and I still find it hot as fuck! 

"Ok Bobby, I can't keep talking, contact Everett and I'll try to contact you again soon Babe. And don't worry, I'm not contacting anyone, tell Daddy I love him and miss him, send my love to everyone and tell Dominic I have my eyes on Julie and the kids. Oh! I almost forgot, Julie forgot her phone on her dresser and that's where she has a ton of pics of when Sawyer was alive and of your parents. She was so angry about it and Tatiana says that part of the process is not erasing the passed loved one, but to allow the pain to flush out and be able to remember the memory with joy, isn't that exactly how it should be? Besides, they also need them for the boys' own therapy. I'm going down to the Shrines here to give thanks to the Goddess for our safety and for yours my Love, Bobby you have to promise me you're not going to do anything stupid! I fucking need you freako! Remember that you still have my heart in your hand idiot, I love you!" Ha! Oh man, I used to be the fucking Beta's son and heir and the girl I liked started calling me Freako! It took me a minute there to put everyone in place when I became Beta! The whole family thinks it's funny as shit!

"I love you too my Beautiful Bully! Give my Little Princess a kiss from her Daddy!" She has my own heart in her hand, it's been months since I've held them... Protect my family Selene, I am your servant.
###chapter 192: The CEO of the OCC
Marcus's POV

I thought that the Beta's office was big, the Council Chambers are an exquisite extension of the Throne Room, Víctor and Jana herded us to a good sized conference room in the North Wing with a great view of Itiba City and partial view to The Gardens, it was really nice! It's a simple conference room with it's table and chairs, yet it lacked that stale coldness many conference rooms have. 

The table itself is different than the one in the Council Chambers... That one is large but simple, what makes it special are the legs that are carved with an elongated wolf running in chase of it's prey with fangs exposed. They're both similar in that their both round but this one has a whole carved motif of wolves in battle in the center. The wood is also dark, but the carvings in the center are of different colors of wood layered. The weather is just as nice here as the rest of The Fort, and the sound barrier that doesn't allow sound to leave the room also blocks cold air from leaving if we do decide to turn on the AC, like in any other room. It's just usually not necessary, the weather is perfect and I just found out from Nina how the insulation of their walls work and how they mix their stucco and incorporate old spells. It makes air-conditioning really unessential and heating isn't necessary, although I did see hearths all around Hacienda Florencia and Adam and Everett were recommended to put a few in those houses in Caney City they're building.

I still haven't spent a winter here and Tali says that the weather stays pleasant but in her memories I can feel that it does get nippy in the mountains. Fireplaces are there in case the cold gets uncomfortable, but there aren't any in the coast with the exception of fire pits. The Osupa love bonfire nights, especially the ones that they have Friday nights in the large open grass lawn in front of The Fort with music and dancing. Before the Lady Yaya or Izz would just repair the damage of the fire, now they built a big fire pit and many more on the beaches. The ocean is the tribe's shield and wolves of all ages love spending their off time from dawn to late into the night enjoying them, and in some beaches many of the pups have dug little canals so that the Mermaids can join in and tell them stories of their people. 

"We really haven't had much use for this room for years, it used to be the beginning of the Natural Science Museum until the one we have now was constructed. And this was the original table that used to be in the Council Chamber, the carvings in the center may be beautiful but Agüeybaná the 2nd hated it and Imotonex just thought it was unpractical as fuck since they had to exchange so much paper work, but for the purpose of what you guys are going to be doing this should be fine right?" Víctor asked his cousin Professor Ibarra who studied the layout as he slowly nodded.

"Yeah this is fine for now Vic! If this works according to plan we shouldn't be here so often later on, but for the next year or two this will be our HQ! This should be fun cousin if you two want to stay--" Víctor was already giving his cousin a look.

"Pfft!" Was Janaína's response.

"Fuck no Sebastián! We already have enough shit going on, this battle is all yours guys... Enjoy!" Jana and him just left the rest of us to it.

"He's always been moody... Anyway, let's get to it guys." Every Alpha and Beta in 'The Corporate Committee' took a chair. The moment we sat, a holographic touch screen appeared where each of us had to place our finger print and it scanned our face and retina. Every security measure keeps getting amped and Wolf Skull has one of the contracts so Maco and Gadiel are making bank! Their main competition are not complaining though since they have the contracts for the security systems of all the buildings, laboratories, wearhouses, factories and distilleries we'll be using. That's a lot of ground to cover so they are getting well paid for that too! It's our job to make sure that the cash flow for this endeavor keeps coming into Karaya.

"Alright is everyone in the system?" It's pretty user friendly and it gives us access to every account and contract each company has.

"Yes Professor, I'm in the surveillance and security system and my men are ready to clear out the lab in New Delhi." Captain Bruno who's heading security mentioned. The company Ishaan and Viyaan ran for Chandrama with their now dead Alpha that nobody's mentioning, is a good sized pharmaceutical. However because of the surge of Chis, Phis and Omegas we have the manpower to run the entire laboratory without humans is possible and many recently graduated wolves are standing by.

"Ok, let's stop right there! No more calling me professor. I'm not calling any of you Captain, Beta or Alpha, so just call me Sebastián, Sebas or Chago. Otherwise I'm going to be thinking about grading your work, I don't think anyone wants that especially me! I already have enough papers to grade. Now we have to establish the first order of business and that is who's going to be Chairman of THIS Board and how we're going to re-structure these companies. Good thing is that those who are going to be lobbyists have already started their work and those who will run for public office are in place in opposing political parties, so no matter who wins we still get that chair!" This plan is a massive undertaking! I never thought I'd be helping take over the world!

"Look, I'm saying it right now. Louis and myself have a LOT of restructuring we have to do with our company and Cesar and Basili know the area and the market, they're investors after all. Captain Bruno and the Third Regiment were able to clear out the building up in La Défense without anyone noticing and the factories were empty, so we'll be coming and going until all the security system is in place, however we have to work on the new marketing about adding the new products and getting the correct equipment for the factory. Merde! If we didn't have to focus so much on those fucking attacks from The Council we wouldn't have to fix this mess!" Louis slaps Antoine in the back of the head.

"Is this what you still have in your head?! I bet you're missing my input every waking minute! Ha! Antoine mon garçon, we SURVIVED! We got most of our people out! They're ALIVE thinking about how next to experiment with their pattè and what nitro tank to mount on their ride, instead of patrolling day and night and still be in panic mode when one happened! I love it when I forget about WORRYING about the pups while I blead in battle. I REALLY don't miss that at ALL! Have you seen how THEIR pups, no offense Captain, train? I NEVER had to endure that amount of pain at that age! I never had to run battle strategies or calculations that precise at the different ages I'm seeing. Their pups not only can EASILY defeat any of ours, some of them scare ME! And what's scary as fuck is that they REALLY ENJOY IT! I'm glad that not only do I get the damn luxury to SLEEP! Like imma right guys?! Intense training, precise education and nurturing what everyone's good at and POOF! You have a recipe for a harmonious functional wolf pack! We had our loses frère, but do you think YOUR father or mine for that matter would have even considered the offer The Osupa gave us?! Merde, WE almost didn't take it! Sebastián, what Antoine means is that we have a lot to fix so we definitely can't LEAD the project, Cesar and Basili could help us negotiate with other packs nearby we know were not doing so well. We might be able to unite them to our cause! I personally think it should be Viyaan who leads us, he wasn't pack Beta but still was the one who kept it afloat in the middle of everything they endured." The room is silent. We felt it in the Link. 

There was a time when sleeping through the night without a fucking care was a LUXURY! Is this how humans in well off countries feel? Beta training is intense, but when I see the pups I feel like a weakling! Louis is right, some of those kids could probably take me on, especially the ones who can already shift! 

"I'm going to second that vote and would like to add Marcus and Ioana as well. I must admit that working around human laws to register their territories was a smart move, it gives the pack two ways of fending off invaders, if they can't be wiped out, we could contest in human court and risk exposure! And I don't know about you guys, but how jittery the humans are right now I don't think any pack would want them to get trigger friendly or get the attention of the Hunters Guild. And let's face it, Betas are better at this part of business... So what do you guys think? CEO, CFO and COO respectively and the rest of us remain as directors?" Palu says determined, she lost her Beta fending off The Council. 

Kayden tells me that she and her little sister Pua who's also an Alpha have been putting in a lot of work. For a while they were thinking of taking another island of their archipelago, however without the same technology that The Osupa have they would have still been wiped out. Right now none of them are thinking of going back or reclaiming their territory.

"I definitely can get behind that! Louis is right, Cesar and I depend on making sure Mach 8 is successful again... I personally don't like being broke or having some of our people broke and taking out loans they shouldn't have to, those from Oceani Luna lost most of their investments. It's our responsibility to make sure they get it back and make sure they thrive. After going through the restructure plan again last night, and Louis, I'm with you! I fucking LOVE being able to go over this boring shit with a glass of wine instead of thinking that everyone is in danger 24/7! So checking it out I think we need some Kappas for the new marketing." Basili's focused on the plan, but Oceani Luna didn't move as rapidly as Lune Premier to move their assets. 

Basili's pretty pissed at Cesar's and Tali's father, Alpha Franco, for not moving fast enough, especially when Antoine's father had advised him to do so. Apparently my mate's father was kind of a bum! He didn't have a problem cheating on his mate and fathering pups with Ayiti, didn't listen to council and if he wouldn't have been killed in the attacks it's more likely than not that there would be no more trace of the members of Oceani at all. That credit goes to my amazing mate! I go into her memories of those days and it was REALLY bad with almost a nightly attacks, they were tiring them to give a final strike. Antoine did listen to her about how to change the defenses to something better organized than what we achieved at Blood Moon. But when she heard about what happened to her home she, along with Lola and Umbros were devastated. She still kept at it, she was so sure that they would get their home back and even though she showed total confidence on Izz, she was a tad unsure when she heard about the plan for the mating ritual. It was Lola who wasn't worried about it... She had worked the most with Izzy out of the three of them and wasn't fazed at all and assured Talia so that she could continue to work without doubt.

"Don't worry about the marketing for now Basili, I already have Ibáñez Ideas LLC. already on it, good thing is that they have dozens of interns from the University with new ideas for every product. So about Palu's and Louis's suggestions, where do we stand? I personally don't have a vote, I'm just a consultant for now, but I think it has good potential." I kinda gulp... Viyaan, Ioana and myself look at each other, none of us look to sure about this.

"I vote yes. Louis and Palu give good reasons for this. Out there we'll have a different structure for each company independently, however with those three minds at the helm I feel much more confident staying as CEO of my company. Goddess knows how irritating it is contending with human directors and we at least can't get rid of them right now. Viyaan was going to help us oversee the vineyard in Nappa, but I like this plan way more!" Kayden looks at me shrugging.

'Don't give me that face Marcus! This should be extremely easy for you!' That's not what worries me, Kayden can be a little too impulsive in business, I'm going to be coming and going too and checking every account. But since we're all going to have access to every single one of EVERY company everyone will be on the lookout for any anomaly. Yeah, I think I can do this.

"Guys I don't mind taking the reins with those conditions, like Basili, Ishaan and I also had the luxury of going through the numbers the past couple of nights. He's still recovering from what he had to do but we already have most of the work and new products in development, right now we have to focus mostly on getting that lab up and going as fast as possible. To be able to introduce these new products we have to go through the regular process that humans ask for before sale and distribution, we know that Tunu and Hayan potion work and how it's definitely going to blow the competition of other sleeping and anti-anxiety medication out of the water! But we have to break down the chemistry and it has to go through both animal and human trials whether we like it or not, have them approved by not just the Indian government, but every Health Department of every country, good thing is that the patents are already getting settled. Ishaan, myself and a great number of our people know this process like the back of our hands, Svasth Pharma isn't in the same distress as Mach 8 by far, Moonshine Liquors LLC is also in pretty good shape are we still moving operations out of Richmond?" The only reason Viyaan wasn't pack Beta was simply because Ishaan is older, stronger and faster and with Ishaan not at his strongest Viyaan has been training with all he's got and taking charge of their family. 

"Not yet Viyaan, but we already secured the new headquarters in Miami. Marcus, Ioana? Before we go ahead and take it to a vote do any of you have any objections?" Sebastián looks at us taking a sip of coffee Domingo sent up for us with some pastries... I love that man!

"I don't have a problem handling operations, it's nothing new to me and I must admit I was surprised when I heard Marcus had done the same thing I did. If Viyaan handles executive and Marcus handles finance I can manage my part without any problem. What do you say Marcus? Three Betas without the Alphas messing with our numbers, this actually should be fun! The combat training is what's killing me! Actually it's more like Hayami is killing us! Damn girl, you're even giving the OG's a run for their money!" Ha! Ioana isn't wrong! Alphas always fuck up our numbers, they're more useful handling the Board Directors and debating with the competition.

I've seen her tactics and her numbers are impeccable, but Haya has the advantage of being a hybrid and having a Beta mate who's in tune with both Víctor and Bayoán who know The Osupa Beta training. It's like she IS one of the OG's! The Betas understood and we had a little chuckle at Haya's little blush, she looks like an angelical vision but she's really HADES! Some Betas from her old pack still give her some shit and that's when Carlos decides to pair them up so that she can wipe their ridiculous smirks, the Ayraguay family have taken on the task of training the Betas. That's the thing with bullies... Once nobody cares for their stupid crap they lose their edge and HERE the pack doesn't give a shit how you look, The Osupa care about ability. If you have it, you EARN your own respect, and those who used to taunt her are now singing new tunes since their prejudice is what's frowned upon here and they're in the minority. They're slowly coming around.

"We can always do extra sparing Ioana!" Hayami offers but Ioana just let's out a...

"Pfft! Sure Haya, I enjoy getting my ass kicked to a pulp so much that I'm going to go ahead and do it in the weekends! Fuck no! First invite me for a beer at Clemente's before asking to fuck me up!" We do laugh at that! Ioana and Haya have become thick as thieves and both are getting a lot of notoriety at The Drag! We're supposed to be able to get our cars next week, don't ask me what Kayden told the Lady Moira, but she's going to handle it along with other stupid shit we want!

"I've been doing this since I was a kid and besides a few changes we have to make in Moonshine Liquors, we're ok. I'm fine with it." Kayden's right, I'm not pack Beta anymore and don't have to focus on the pack's security, I can definitely do this without a problem, Talia hates staying on island for long periods of time and she can definitely give us a hand. I know she's taking time off to spend time with me and with this she has a way to have her cake and eat it too!

"Any objections with this plan?" Sebastián sends us all how the Board would be structured and everyone agrees with it. Viyaan is now CEO of The Osupa Corporate Committee... OCC for short.
###chapter 193: The Weekend
Benjamin's POV

"AHHHH! No matter where we live you're still a jerk Ben!" He's got to be kidding me! James always does this in training! His mom is a Kappa and Chef Yolanda got an interest in her and decided to take her in as an apprentice and he and his family got the perks of living at The Fort. 

Now that Jeremy and I go to school here because Uncle Umbros talked to the Cacique, we get the perk of getting to study and train here too! We could have moved to the house if we wanted, but Mom and Dad didn't want to impose. I don't know what the fuss is about, Jeremy and me love our apartment and it's great not having to share a bedroom! Besides, it's not like we're not at the house every time we can to play with Inaaya. Before we came here Ina already warned us that they train at beast level mode and her training is even harder because she's a Beta. 

"Why am I a Jerk Jimmy? Because I beat you? That's the whole point!" Master Cahuey stopped us and Healers Estefanía and Varónica come to check on both Jimmy and me.

"It's fine James! It's just a broken femur, we can fix that fast, let's take a time out but as you get used to the pain your body will start numbing it out and wait till you're able to shift! But pain is a part of it mi cielo, ok?" Healer Verónica calmly explained... Even Mom told us this! What a crybaby! Before we started school we saw how the kids here play and they go all out! Mom was a little upset at first, but Dad likes how we're being trained.

"Damn! If Adam and I would have been trained like that... Shit, no wonder we're getting our asses handed to us! You boys pay attention to EVERYTHING Master Cahuey instructs, do you hear me?!" We gave the only acceptable answer to that.

"Yes sir!" Mom chuckled, she's a Delta and even she says that her training is hard, but she's not upset anymore. Master Cahuey sends a report to everyone's Mom and Dad about how we're doing every two weeks and they seem happy.

"Is there something personal between you two?" Ugh! This is embarrassing! The other kids aren't making such a big deal and now they're all looking at us! Ina got beat to a pulp and she was holding her tears as much as she could like the champ she is! I still couldn't avoid holding her hand while both her and her opponent Zoé were being healed, still they hugged after and they went at it again! Bayoán has been giving her some pointers on some Beta moves and even giving us cool strategies! But Jeremy and me get our special pointers from Maco and Ura they are Gammas like us and the Cacique herself was born a Gamma! Now Ura has to teach all of us how to hunt and track because Jeremy beat him at Call of Duty! But the best part of our day right now is helping Santino and his buddies with a new video game they're developing on the side!

"He's just a jerk!" Jimmy said. My brother looks at me signaling at the other kids, they're gonna think everyone from Blood Moon is like this! Ugh!

"Master Cahuey there's nothing personal between us, it's just that we never hung out together before and don't know each other that much! Jimmy I didn't do it because I don't like you or anything I promise!" He looks at Healer Verónica and she nods and takes him to the clinic.

"We have no enemies here! That doesn't mean that there won't be pain! Part of your training isn't just to defeat your partner but to conquer your pain! You must learn to accept that pain and still fight through it as if the attack is REAL! As if your life depends on that control because trust me, there will come a day when it will! The match is over when one cannot continue and has to be healed, listen to your wolf! Even if you can't shift yet, your wolf already knows how to help you heal, listen to it's natural instinct and allow it to guide you. Our wolves grant us with insight that our human is still trying to understand at your young age... And yes sometimes they say stupid stuff that's absolutely embarrassing and we can't believe we share a mind with them!" We all laugh! It's funny because it's true! Oh boy, sometimes I can't believe the stuff Kota comes up with!

"However, pay attention, they sometimes catch something you don't, ok guys? You're all dismissed for today." My favorite words of the day!

"Ugh! I couldn't go for another round with Zoé! You're really trying to kill me!" Zoé gives her a hurt look.

"No I'm not! That's mean Ina, what will the new boy think if he heard that?! He's really cute!" Zoé says with a sly smile looking around. Wait, what new boy? I look at Jeremy questionaly and he shrugs.

"What new boy?" We all train together with different Masters but clases are in different rooms.

"Well we have a new Beta taking classes with us and he's here with his brother and little cousin. Tía Lola said that their daddy is helping us and Izzy let his family come here to keep them safe." Ina says looking around. Dad has warned us to not call the Cacique by her name even though she said we could, but Dad likes to keep things formal. Him, Mom and Uncle Adam started calling her Luna the moment Alpha Kayden found out she was mated to him. And like everyone else at school so did we, right until we got here and saw her in the Throne Room. We've only seen that kind of stuff in movies!

Jimmy came back limping a bit but he's fine.

"Seriously Jimmy?! You know that was a fair attack! Look, I'm sorry I broke your bone are you ok now?" He sits on the grass and lays back.

"Shut up Benjamin! Damn it! It hurt like Hades! I'm sorry too, did everyone stare for long? I hope nobody tells my Dad!" If someone told MY Dad that I acted like that I KNOW my butt would be TOAST!

"Yeah they were staring!" Zoé tells him looking at him shaking her head. "Dude you have to understand, we're not used to taking sparing personally here! You were totally embarrassing!" Jimmy covered his face totally ashamed.

"UGH! PLEASE nobody tell my Dad!" Oh brother!

"We won't Jimmy, but a lot of others saw." Jeremy simply tells him. Him and his Dad are Deltas, Master Cahuey is starting to pair us up with partners of different ranks to also learn their particular fighting forms, tomorrow I'm supposed to spar with Soleil and she's a Beta and is just as good as her cousin Zoé... I can't wait to see if I survive them! Ina can still kick my butt most times!

"So where are these new kids?" I ask anyone.

"What are you guys talking about? By the Goddess Jimmy, was all that necessary?! Would you guys really complain like that back at Blood Moon? We never saw how you guys trained." Soleil comes over with her older brother Miguel... THAT'S a sparing match I definitely need to level up big time to be able to beat him! At 13, he can already beat some Alphas! Him, Soleil and Zoé are all Betas and are all cousins of Beta Víctor. While Zoé is daughter of Professor Ibarra, Miguel and Soleil are Madam Miguelina's great grandkids, through Selena, who's Gadiel and Rubén's older sister and is mated to Beta Víctor's cousin Mabó del Valle. Uncle Umbros told us that he is one of the best infiltrators the pack has, and is running for a Senate seat back home! Jeremy and I definitely want to get stronger to be able to join OPIA!

"Can it Soleil! I said I'm sorry ok! Oh man, even if my brother hears about this he's going to totally mess with me!" Miguel gave him a little kick with his foot for giving his sister lip.

"Relax Jimmy, geez! Soleil, Papi already told us about how it's going to take them time to adapt, but seriously Jimmy, you're going to have to overcome the pain man. What are you going to do if there ever IS an attack and the grownups are focused on protecting US? We all die! The way they protect us the best is by teaching us to defend ourselves. Dude we can help you with extra practice! We don't care where you were born, but you're an Osupa Warrior NOW, that means a lot to our pack and we totally gotta work with your street cred!" Miguel tells him with a scowl. But your reputation in the pack is super important! The Cacique is who she is today because of her reputation. Santino is the same age she was when she had her encounter with Bayo and their Dad and I doubt he could do something so cool! And that video is proof that Gammas can use any fighting forms, Ina has been trying out Epsilon moves but we have to be faster to achieve them.

"Thanks Miguel, can it be Saturday? My leg is still healing." Miguel already looks like he regrets the offer but he pouts and nods at him.

"FINE! but only EARLY and only one hour! I like having REAL fun on my weekends!" We ALL do! I still remember the day we got here and we got to The Fort it was dawn on a Saturday and kids were already playing soccer on the huge lawn at the entrance! We would wake up early at Blood Moon, but this was 'Yule Morning' early! But we totally get it now! We work hard on weekdays so EVERY weekend is treated like a HOLIDAY! 

There are so many festivals, we get to run horses and checking out the paths that we'll be able to run when we turn 16 and can shift, learning how to surf and we still haven't tried so many things! We don't have to hide what we are here. The best weekend we had was when we went on a run with the Cacique and the rest of the Mirabals and Ina's family through the island! Us kids got to ride on the grownups! They showed us the coolest waterfalls and swimming holes, where to find fruits and vegetables we were allowed to take without getting into trouble, which type of fish and birds our wolves will find find fun and yummy to hunt and eat, it was so much fun! Our family has never done anything like that before, not in so much territory, not without our guards up at every minute, not with so many family members... It's like we were a pack of our own! It went late into the night, we had a fire and the Cacique, Maco and Nía found some roots they gave to Nina, Ina's grandma and the rest of the Kappas and Ura tracked down a pig and they cooked all of it, it was awesome and we slept under the stars... I'm never forgetting that weekend! 

"So is anyone going to give us the tea? Were you guys talking about the new kids?" Soleil just ignores her brother and is fiddling with her ring looking for anything interesting.

"Yup! Zoé thinks the one in our class is cute! I haven't seen the others." Ina says after a sip of water. Does that mean SHE doesn't find him cute?

"Is that so? Ina let me tell you something about our cousin... She's totally boy crazy! By the Goddess Zoé we're just 11! Either way maybe we can invite them to go to Fortaleza Beach for a while before dinner, that way we can skip showering now!" Beach? Skipping a shower? Soleil is BRILLIANT!

"Yo, count me in! Does anyone know where they're staying?" Meh, Santino still has to upgrade his game, Jeremy already finished it and it totally pissed him off... At least Ura and Maco found it funny!

"Sure, I can do without seeing my Moms right now, should we get changed really fast and meet up at the East stairwell? I think they're staying in the fourth floor not far from Luna Isla and Master Orocobix's rooms." Jimmy got up and dusted himself off.

"Sounds like a plan, we meet up in five minutes, ok? Benny is it ok if I come with you guys?" Since moving here we ALWAYS have an extra bathing suits in our bedroom in Uncle Adam's apartment, and Jeremy and I have finger print access except if there's a handkerchief tied to the door handle... Grownups are so weird!

"Sure! So we're all in?!" Everyone goes running to their rooms... I guess that's a yes! Jeremy, Ina and I run to the 6th floor and knock just in case. No answer. So Jeremy opens the door and we run to the extra bedroom with bunk beds for us, something about us staying with them once in a while to give Mom and Dad a break from us? Ina goes to the bathroom while Jeremy and I go to the closet were we have our stuff and we change in a rush!

"I'm ready guys! Let's go!" Ina shouts from the living room. Ah, she wore her turquoise bathing suit with red stripes and shorts! She looks so pretty! She wants to cut her hair like Zoé's... I'm trying to talk her out of it, but I think she can't look ugly either way and I know she's also thinking about her training. She's been studying the Cacique more and she has big goals. She wants to join OPIA too and wants to be Pack Beta one day!

She's so cool! And her eyes are like Bambi's mom, she almost cought me staring at her eyelashes the other day but Jeremy totally had my back and distracted her! 

"Oh my Goddess! You guys are so slow!" Jeremy gives me a look... Ugh! Focus Ben!

We all met up and ran up the stairs.

"I think it's this one guys, I checked with my Mom!" Miguel said pointing towards the West Wing, I think those apartments have a view to The Mermaid Lagoon.

"Ok but will everyone calm down? We look like trick or treaters and we have no idea what they find rude or not." Excellent point made by Soleil. And she fixes her hair and knocked on the door and it was opened by a pretty lady with straight long brown hair.
###chapter 194: Competition
Henry's POV

What's going on? Swayer, Rachel and I go to the door where Aunt Marla was at. 

It's a bunch of kids, and SHE'S with them! 

"Hello kids, what can I do for you?" She asked them hesitantly. Our little holiday ended yesterday and today we started in school and training... After I was tested they insisted I was capable of joining the other Betas. This is way harder than school back home, Dad used to tell us stories about how much stronger than other packs The Osupa were and as I saw them training today I could see why. 

"Hello ma'am, we're going to the beach and wanted to know if the new kids would like to join us if that's ok with you?" One of the girls that was in my class today asked, I only caught HER name in class... Inaaya. She's really cute and finished her trigonometry answers really fast!

"Ummm, well... Rachel maybe is too young... Do you boys want to go?" Aunt Marla asks getting an angry scowl from Rachel.

"I want to go too!" Rachel bellows, but I grab my brother's hand and go change.

"Good thing we went shopping yesterday and got new swimsuits!" Swayer says while changing. We've never lived in a place like this, we don't have to hide what we are or link everything out of fear of human's ears.

"It's fine, just hurry up!" I'm not missing this chance to get to know her better!

We ran out with a towel and Aunt Marla chuckled amused.

"Why can't I go?!" Ugh! Rachel!

"Now honey, these kids are bigger. How about you and me go to the lagoon and you can try to race the Mermaids, ok?" She started pouting but it looks like it worked.

"Now you boys behave and remember that we're guests here, understood?" We both nodded and grinned at her and ran out.

"So your name is Henry right?" The tallest boy asked.

"Yeah and this is my brother Sawyer, what're your names?" I asked as we ran out The Fort towards the beach path that leads to Fortaleza Beach by Cofresí Bay. Everett promised Uncle Robert that he would make sure that we adjusted to life here, and besides everywhere we've been so far we've learned how to get from place to place. One of the Betas gave us a map and told us that as guests of The Fort we also can borrow a horse if we wanted! The kids here get to race horses from place to place... My Mom's grandpa tried that in our pack but the horses were always spooked, here they're super chill for some reason.

"My name is Miguel, this is my sister Soleil and my cousin Zoé, they're Jimmy, Benjamin and Jeremy, they're originally from Blood Moon and this is Inaaya, she's originally from Chandrama. Are you guys liking it here so far?" Whoa! She's from India! For a second I thought she might be OG Osupa. 

"Definitely! Being able to go to the beach as often as we can, eating the food here, getting to ride horses... How did you guys get them to be so calm around our kind?" We're not riding now, Fortaleza Beach is the closest beach to The Fort, but man I REALLY like that we can now do so!

"Well that's because when our people arrived to Karaya they started bringing horses that the pups started using when the Spaniards brought them over. At first we drugged them with Tunu to remain calm, however the ones we have now have been bread here for centuries and are descendants of those that were brought long ago. We have scientists who's only job is to care for them and to make sure that they're not inbred! Basically we drugged them and their descendants became used to our scent, the howling, they noticed that the apex predators of the island, us and our wolves, wouldn't hurt them, so they got used to us. Some died in the blast, but when we got Karaya back most were scattered all over and were very happy to see us back! How do kids in your pack get around fast?" Soleil explained nonchalantly as we dropped our towels on the sand and we all jumped in the water.

"We run! My great grandfather tried to implement it but I don't know why it didn't work. Maybe we didn't drug ours." Sawyer said. I don't care about the other boys' old pack so I just ask her...

"Did you have horses in your past pack Inaaya, you're from India right?" I HAVE to pay more attention to the training! I asked Master Cahuey to allow Sawyer and me just observe today and I had to remind my brother to pay attention, he's a Delta and even they have a very particular fighting style. But from what I saw just today I can already determine that they don't waste any move, they have definitely perfected their human fighting forms to be the most precise to finish your opponent with the last wasted moves and energy. I saw how Zoé DESTROYED Inaaya every single time, then get healed and get back up to get trashed all over again, yet every time the fight would last LONGER. Zoé's not getting tired, Inaaya was just learning and adapting. 

This reminded me of how Uncle Dominic trains Elizabeth and us, he always tells us not to play with our food and get cocky and to finish our opponent as fast as possible. After a while, I was able to determine who were OG Osupa and who weren't but she was tricky... She's a Beta after all! Our minds think differently from other ranks. We can register every fighting forms and just take whatever we think will finish the job faster. And yet I was explaining to my brother that here EVERY warrior adapts to each other's fighting forms as well.

From what I'm learning from the Greek Alphabet coding it makes way more sense than what we do. Betas can calculate from here to the Moon but the reason why there are always more Gammas and Deltas is their ease to change or trade one fighting from to another. My Beta pride got a hit when Everett showed us the battle between the then Gamma, now Alpha Loiza, with TWO Betas with what I was explained were Epsilon and Kappa technics! I calculated the speed and power she used on her hits... I don't know if even Dad could have achieved that and he was also a Gamma. I'm determined to learn their ways if it'll make me as powerful as possible, and from what I could see from Inaaya, so is she.

"Yes Henry, we did actually... In the end we had to leave what was left of our territory. We lost precious hunting grounds and we had to eat them... I don't want to talk about it, I remember when we had to put my Nala down. I couldn't eat from her... My Baba traded her with a friend so that they didn't eat their own horse either." Oh shit! No wonder she is so determined to get stronger!

"I'm sorry Ina, can I call you Ina? I--I didn't mean--" DUMMY!

"It's ok Henry! It's in the past! My Uncle got me a new mare, she's not Nala, but she's my Shakti. Don't get bummed, ok? New home, new life and Izzy, Ura and Auntie Lola already promised to teach us how to drive! She learned at 14 because she was in Avalon, but Maco, Ura, Auntie Tali and Auntie Lola learned at 11!" Izzy? Avalon? Does she mean the Alpha?

"Inaaaa! You shouldn't refer to her so informally!" That kid Benjamin whined.

"Give me a break Ben! Just cuz your dad is a super stickler for formality doesn't mean I have to be! Haven't you noticed on your OWN how much she hates all that grandstanding! Yo Henry, Sawyer, when you guys arrived she just wanted to invite you to dinner at the house, not the whole Throne Room show! Is she SUPER scary and not to be messed with? Yes! At this point I assume you've both seen what she can do... But she's also a really sore looser at Halo! I'm sorry, she gave me the green light to call her Izzy and Imma taking it! And yeah Henry, you and Sawyer can call me Ina." I look at 'Ben's' face and he's not liking her response at all... Interesting.

"Still, you should chill out on that! You may be closer in hierarchy but still everybody calls her with formality! Dude, even Domingo and Berto aren't being as informal in front of her, even with outsiders around her own siblings call her by title most of the time now!" Hierarchy? Are they related to the Alpha?

"Hey Ina, are you related to the Alpha?" Might as well ask. Yet...

"Her Auntie is cousin of the Alpha!" I don't remember asking him! The moment I open my mouth to give him a piece of my mind...

"Is YOUR name Ina now?! Hey Henry, Ben's a sore looser too! Especially if Jeremy CREAMS him, which is usually the case!" Oh man, she's the cutest girl I've ever met!

"Can you two SHUT IT! This is hella embarrassing! Seriously!" Jeremy is DONE with both of them. I can already scent Benny's frustration and I can't help but smile! He ALSO thinks she's cute! I looked into Miguel's eyes and I he saw it too... He looked neutral but I'm pretty sure he might have caught some bias from my end. 

"I'm sorry for what happened Ina, would you teach me some good trails Saturday?" Oh and the weekends are SACRED here! Please be quiet Sawyer!

"Sure! I live up there is the Mirabal home, do you want to meet at dawn?" Oh man! She totally said YES! And Benjamin is turning blue! Ha! This has been the best first day of school ever!

"SURE! Can you help me pick a horse?" I now notice that Zoé isn't happy... Hmm. 

"Oh brother!" Benjamin apparently is annoyed.

"Tsk! Sure Henry don't worry about this dummy, he's just a nag sometimes!" I smirk at her, she gives me a little smile and dodges my eyes.

"Hey guys someone cleared out one of the pits!" Soleil and Jeremy run out of the water towards one of the round fire pits on the beach. The Sun was setting, I've never seen it on this beach. I held out my hand to help Ina with the final waves out of the water and she took it and smiled at me! I got my towel and wrapped it around her shoulders, she gave me a look with those large dark eyes...

"Hey guys my Abuela gave me the parafernalia!" Soleil seems pretty cool... I grabbed some of the s'mores stuff and prepped one for Ina, she blushed a little and Dane was purring! He's never done that!

"Hey Henry, when we were getting ready I heard that Master Cahuey may pair us to spar, just know right now, I'm REALLY sorry!" Miguel said before taking a bite off his s'more. From what I saw today I already warned Sawyer and Rachel to hold their tears as much as possible. My father would've absolutely approved of this training.

"That's fine man! I get it! How much pain do you endure until it doesn't hurt?" I start prepping my own s'more and Ina sits next to me and Dane is a little dizzy. I take a breath and command him to control himself.

"It ALWAYS hurts dude! It's just that after a while you're adrenaline rush is so high that it's like if it didn't hurt. Remember, pain is there to help us determine the damage we suffer, however the more we control that adrenaline rush, the more we can ignore the pain and fucus on survival, get it?" I nod. Yes, that does sound about right.

"Guys I have to go, my Mom just linked me to go get some grub! Bye!" Jimmy gets up and leaves.

"Yeah, my Mom linked, too, Imma out!" Zoé said glumly.

"Ben, you heard Mom! And we have a longer walk." The two brothers leave with Benjamin giving me a sinister look. Whatever dude!

"See you tomorrow in class Henry, nice to meet you, see you tomorrow Ina!" Jeremy excused themselves. She waved at them and I linked my brother.

'Sawyer go back, I'll meet you later! Just do it and don't argue! I mean it!'

"See you later guys!" And he leaves! And just at that moment Ina started getting up until I stopped her.

"Ina is your wolf purring?" My Dad told me that his wolf started to purr for Mom since he was nine!

"Yes! Nala is purring! She's never done that before!" I looked at her and kissed her cheek softly.

"My wolf is Dane, and he's purring too!" I held her hand and she put her head on my shoulder.

We sat until it got dark and my Aunt Marla linked me to get my butt back.

"I have to go Ina, see you tomorrow?" I looked at her sparkling eyes and she kissed my cheek this time.

"Sure, I'll be going this way home." I walked with her to the entrance and she waved goodbye at me... I love it here!