
###chapter 1 - Protective, Possessive!
********
"To save her family, Zezi surrendered to the Vampire King—her fated mate. Now trapped in a gilded cage, she must defy his dark allure before his bite destroys her wolf soul. But when he threatens her daughter’s life, loyalty and desire collide in a storm of blood and forbidden fire."
********
"We finally found one!"

"Shhhh," Zezi said as she laid down her six-year-old daughter on the bed. Mira was a beautiful chubby girl with brown curly hair. She stirred lightly in her sleep before smiling peacefully once again. A smile that wiped away the frown that had crossed her face when her father barged into the room.

Zezi smiled then too, before she turned to her husband who still stood at the door. He was quite muscular and his gray uniform fitted a little tightly against his skin as usual. He looked tired; his brown eyes, which were usually filled with optimism, now had frustration swindling in them.

He walked across the room and hugged her, relaxing in her arms. 

"We finally found a body."

"We did?" She pulled away so that she could see his face. 

That was great news! 

For quite a while now, werewolves had been mysteriously disappearing from different packs in Teeland. When the packs' alphas discovered that it was getting out of hand, they came to their King, Alpha Gery who was the King of all werewolves in Teeland. He had responded by sending his warriors off to these different packs to find out the unknown enemy and kill them. But things hadn't gone as planned because soon the enemy attacked the Capital and so far, they were losing.

The enemy never left a body of their warriors behind but the werewolves knew that those that disappeared were dead. Their mates in the pack had either turned insane or depressed from loss. There were even occasions when the mates had died.

If they at least were able to find a body, then it meant that they could at least know what was killing them.

"You don't look happy. What is it? You know this is great news, right?"

"It is not, my Love. I don't know which is worse. Knowing or not knowing." He sighed and stepped back a little before pacing worriedly in front of her.

She took in a deep breath, ready for whatever it was.

"Tell me."

"Vampires, those bloody bloodsuckers!"

She gasped silently, her body stilled with shock before her voice came out in a defeated whisper.

"That is impossible." She muttered to herself, allowing her brain to process everything before she finally snapped.
"But they are gone! They got wiped out! There is no way they are the one. Something must be wrong, check the body again!"

He came to her immediately and held her hands so she could calm down. Then he spoke to her softly, watching her eyes flash with different shades of worry.

"I know, I know. That was what everyone thought, too, but I swear they are the ones. The blood-drained body, the marks, everything. It's them, my love."

"That is not possible." She shook her head slowly, her voice a little shaky.
"They will kill us, they will kill everyone. Don't you remember what they did to us?"

His jaw clenched, and he wrapped his hands tightly around her; she was the one to find peace in his arms this time around.

"I will never let anything happen to you or Mira. I'd rather die than let anything happen to you."

"I'd rather too." She nodded and immediately put control over her emotions, just like she had done for many years. It had been a long time since she cracked like that.

"What did the Alpha say?"

George let her go then. He walked to the window, glanced quickly at the star-filled sky then at the room, while he avoided her gaze.

"What are you not telling me?"

"Nothing." He shrugged dismissively.

That didn't convince her one bit. She had known George for years, and she knew that he could be a good liar to everyone else, but when it came to her, he was terrible at it. She didn't waste her time to try and listen to his heartbeat to confirm it, it would be of no use anyway. He was a Beta, a highly trained and powerful one. He knew how to control those things.

"Just tell me." She sighed, feeling exhausted already.

He clenched his fists before he started talking, "He wants to send you to the First Borderline. Since we know what we are up against, he wants..."

"Me as a war general to be there." She completed his statement.

The First Borderline had the worst hits, werewolves disappeared there every minute. It was like the war front.

"He gave you my pass?"

He sighed again, pushed his hair backward, and nodded. The room was not so bright but she could see his face. When was the last time he got a good sleep? When last did any of them?

He suddenly heard a bag being unzipped, and his eyes flew open. There Zezi was, her slightly curvy self, packing clothes into a bag.

"What are you doing?"

"My duty."

Before she could say any further, he was right by her side.

"You can't leave," he said tightly.

"I am the Zeta of this pack. It is my duty, let me do it."

His eyes widened with fear.

"You will die!"

She looked at him calmly, she knew he was right. 

"Then let me."

His nose flared in anger, he clenched his fists yet again. At this point, it was starting to feel like blood wasn't passing through his veins at how tightly he clenched them.

"It wasn't an order; it was a favor. He knows we have a child that needs your care, he is only asking."

"There is no difference."

She didn't stop packing; she couldn't make herself look up at him or her sleeping daughter. It would hurt too much.

"There is!" His voice raised from the hushed tone that they spoke in. Zezi's eyes flew to their daughter but she was still sleeping soundly. She let out a breath of relief before turning to her husband.

"The men we send out there have families too. If everyone had stayed back just because of the fear of dying then we would have been dead. Those people at all the Borderlines are out there giving their lives for us."

"And it is all the Alpha's fault! He should be the one to face the consequences. Sending off warriors to attack the enemy when we didn't even know what it was. It doesn't make sense."

Zezi furrowed her eyebrows. "You aren't making sense right now."

"Alpha Gery isn't sending the warriors to protect the borders. He is sending them out there to fight, tossing them into some forest. I have advised him countless times to cease our attacks, but he won't listen to me, and now he wants to send you off?! He knows you will be so determined to perform your duty. This is manipulation!"

A shock wave ran across Zezi's veins. That wasn't what the Alpha told the pack.

"If we were just at the borderline, we wouldn't be taking so many hits, we wouldn't be losing so many lives."

"That doesn't change anything," Zezi turned back to her bag and resumed packing. "He definitely thought it was best that we go and meet the enemy instead of wait."

"And how well has that turned out?"

"Geo..."

"My love." He held her hands, his eyes locked with hers, his voice gentle, his resolve breaking. "Please, don't go. Stay for me, for Mira."

"George, I..."

"Mummy?" A little panicked voice interrupted their conversation.

They both turned towards their daughter but they weren't ready for what they saw. 

There Mira was, shaking and crying.

"Baby...? What happened?" They both ran to her, sitting on either side of her, while her small hands held theirs tightly.

"I had a dream." Tears rushed down her face.

"What is it? Don't worry, we are here. No one can hurt you." Zezi hugged her protectively while George hugged them both. 

They spoke softly to her till she calmed down. When it was over, they sat by either side of her again.

"What was the dream about?"

"Mummy, are you going somewhere?"

Zezi could immediately feel George's burning gaze on her. She refused to look at him and kept her eyes focused on their daughter instead.

"Why did you ask, Sweety?"

"I dreamt that you left and never came back."

The air in the room became tense. She looked up then and just as she had thought, George was looking back at her. His chest raising and falling in a sort of fear while her eyes filled with shock. They shared an intense gaze for a while, she couldn't tell what exactly George was feeling. His eyes were filled with so many emotions.

"Are you going somewhere?" Mira's voice raised with panic and they both looked back quickly at their daughter. Mira was staring at the unpacked bag still opened loosely on the sofa.

"Are you leaving me? Are you leaving Daddy? Mommy, are you going somewhere?"

"Mira." George tried to calm her down but she burst into tears.

"Daddy, tell mummy not to go." She ran to her father and wrapped her little hands around his neck, still weeping.

"It's okay, it's okay. Mummy is not going anywhere, I promise, she is not."

He patted her slowly, his eyes on his wife.

"She is going to leave me." Mira continued to cry.

"I said she is not." He smiled lightly at her, trying really hard to convince her. "Come on, my Love, tell her yourself."

The attention was back on her and her lips parted lightly, her mind fighting an internal battle. She could hear her daughter whimpering again.

"My love?"

She smiled reassuringly and hugged Mira. "I'm not going anywhere."

"You promise?"

She looked at her husband. She knew there was more than one person that wanted her answer and whatever she said now would be it.

"I promise."

He sighed in relief, nodded then left the room.

Her daughter stopped crying and soon fell asleep. After that, Zezi joined him in the living room. He handed her a glass of water then he flopped down to the chair.

"Thank you for staying."

"Anything for the family."

He stood up and hugged her, sniffing in her heavenly scent. It did things to him...many things.

"I'm sorry if I sounded selfish a while ago, I just don't want to lose you."

"I understand." She hugged him tighter. "I really do."

"There has to be a way to stop this, a way that nobody else has to die and I promise that I am going to find out."

"You better do, because one more death and I disappear."

"You wouldn't!" He pulled her out of his embrace to watch her face; his, horrified. "You promised!"

"You selfish man." She pressed her hands against his chest, feeling the rough uniform against her palms. A mischievous glint appeared in his eyes.

Oh, how she had missed that.

"Selfish isn't the word," he said against her neck and she closed her eyes briefly from pleasure.

"It...isn't?" Her voice came out in a hushed whisper. His lips were softly grazing his mark on her neck and it sent sparks down her veins.

"No." He held her face between his hands and watched her eyes flutter open. He leaned in a little then smiled.
"The word is protective."



###chapter 2 - A Little Too Fast
"We need to retreat, Alpha Gery," Zezi said again.

"We don't."

"They are Vampires, Gery." The Luna, Sky, stated the obvious. Even as she tried hard to hide it, fear was clear as day in her voice.

"Doesn't mean they can't be defeated." He smiled weakly at Sky and she looked away, worried.

It was midnight and they had all been forced to come down to the meeting room because of the terrible reports reaching them from the Borderlines. Everyone felt tensed as they all stood at the round table, discussing the next course of action. They were desperate for a safe way out.

Alpha Gery wanted to say something else, but he caught the empty seat next to Zezi, and he snarled. "Where is your mate?" 

Zezi bowed her head in respect. "He will be here soon, Alpha."

Gery clenched his fists and Sky patted his back a little before giving him a smile. He relaxed immediately and Zezi looked away. 

They were real mates, blessed by the Moon Goddess. Looking at them reminded her of what she was...or wasn't.

"We cannot back down. We keep on moving."

"But Alpha..."

"Have you considered the pass yet? You are the best we have, Zeta; I need you at that Borderline."

"My daughter..."

"She will be fine, I will have my Luna here look after her." He gestured to his wife who smiled blindly at Zezi in return. She was a little woman compared to the Alpha but she was a good and powerful Luna nevertheless, just as she was a wonderful mother.

"You can be rest assured, Zezi. I will take good care of Mira. She will have a great time with my pups."

Zezi's eyes shone with refusal and it didn't take long for the Alpha to figure out what was going on.

"It is your mate, isn't it?"

Zezi could sense the trap. Alpha Gery and George were never on great terms. She knew she had to pick her next words carefully. "I'm sorry, Alpha, but I can't leave my daughter."

He clenched and unclenched his fists in anger that he was trying really hard to control. "I hope you know what you are doing. You are the Zeta of this pack and your pack needs you!"

Zezi could sense the underlying challenge in his statement. He was already questioning her dedication to the pack. If it had been anything else, her wolf would have just easily submitted but this was her daughter. "And my daughter needs me! We all know that she is sick."

There was silence. 

Zezi had stood up to the Alpha. But then again, everyone knew never to come between parents and their children, their wolves were always at the most protective. 

The room was tense. The Luna held her husband hoping with all her heart that things wouldn't escalate.

"Is your mate lost or something?" Alpha Gery changed the subject while he stared daggers into the empty seat and the tension in the room seemed to have flown right out of the window.

Before Zezi could say anything about him being on his way or apologize for his lateness, the door to the room they were in flung open. There was her mate, looking tired and really pissed. His eyes roamed across the room and when he saw the Alpha, anger lit in them.

"When were you ever going to tell us?!"

Everyone found his tone shocking. Indeed, he and the Alpha were never on great terms but they had always maintained the relationship needed for the position they held in the pack. George's tone, right now, was definitely not maintaining that relationship.

"You don't speak to me like that, Beta."

George slammed the door shut and rushed into the room at wolf speed, but when he spoke, his voice was filled with respect and laced with an underlying sarcasm.

"When were you going to tell us that the Vampire King left you a message, Alpha."

Everyone's eyes were on the Alpha now. He was visibly seething in fury. His eyes filled with anger as he stared George down.

"Gery?" Sky spoke up, demanding an explanation from her mate, but when he didn't speak, George spoke again.

"The only reason we found the body was because they wanted us to. They tattooed on it a reminder for the Alpha to sign a sort of deal and stop all this bloodshed."

"Is that true, Gery?"

"More like slavery." He finally scoffed from being put on a spot. "The deal is a deal with the devil."

"How about we be on the devil's good side for a while?"

Zezi's eyes flew wide open and she held George in a firm grip. Trying to stop him from doing anything stupid.

"I am tired of you disrespecting me!"

"This is not disrespect, this is the truth! How can you call yourself our Alpha, watching us die at the altar of sacrifice because of your ego? This fight has been going on for months and the body says the deal had been down for three months. Three good months, you watched us die, slaughtered like sheeps. How much longer were you going to watch us die? A few more months? Till there is no one left?!"

The Luna turned swiftly to George and snarled. Her wolf didn't like the tone with which George had spoken to her mate.

"George!" Zezi snapped. The room became tense again for a while before Alpha Gery spoke.

"I am your Alpha, you don't question my decisions!"

George snarled. "You are not my Alpha, we both know that."

When George came to this pack some months ago, he was a rogue, and Gery's father had taken him in. The thing was that George came from a long line of Alphas; his wolf was of high rank, and after getting trained for a while, Gery's father had made George the beta. Even after Gery's father died in a war, George's wolf still saw him as the Alpha seeing that Gery lacked the kind of strength that his wolf would consider superior.

The Alpha's eyes changed to blood red, his wolf was at the surface. He took some steps closer to George who stood his ground firmly. "Then it is best you leave."

"I won't be the one leaving," George smirked. 

His mind was foggy with anger and he allowed his beastly side to do the thinking for him. All his mind was calculating was how he could easily bring the Alpha down. Indeed, the Alpha was twice his side, but he felt certain that he had a good shot here because, one thing was sure, he had never been defeated before.

They both stood there, staring daggers at each other, waiting for the first person to make a move. 

All George could see was red; he couldn't think straight, and anger was rushing through his veins. Someone like Gery was undeserving of being Alpha. If he took him down now, then he would sign the deal and all this bloodshed would stop. His mind didn't take into account the risk involved, his mind wasn't taking anything into account.

He felt someone's hands on his arm and pushed whosoever it was aside, slamming the person across the room while his eyes were still set on the Alpha.

"Enough!" The Luna's voice rang out, radiating with power. Alpha Gery was the first to step aside, letting his mate's voice get to him. Sensing that his opponent had backed down, George's wolf pulled back into his mind and he could see clearly once again. 

Then he remembered that he had slammed someone across the room a while ago. Fear rushed into his veins.
He looked across the room quickly to see Zezi slammed against the floor, pain and displeasure etched into her face.



###chapter 3 - Attractive Danger
Fear ran even faster down his veins, and he rushed towards her, but before he could reach her, she stood up and sidestepped him. 

This wasn't the first time something like this was happening. It was always boiling down to the fact that they weren't real mates.

The Luna and Alpha Gery spoke in hushed tones at the far end of the room, while Zezi made sure to stay far away from George as much as the small room could allow. George leaned against the wall, tugging at his hair and sighing while he thought about the consequences of what he had done. 

He mostly definitely didn't want to turn rogue once again.

When the Alpha and Luna were done arguing, they came back to the table.

"I will sign the deal."

There was silence. 

"You will take a message to where we found the body to alert them that we are ready to submit." 

Zezi nodded. She would have to go to the border of the Capital of Teeland, the Capital being where they were.

"I will go with her." George started walking towards the table.

"That will be impossible. You will be taking your sweet time in the dungeon thinking about the consequences of what you have done here today."

Before anyone could say or do anything, guards rushed into the room and bound him with silver chains. He didn't resist but the pain that lashed across his skin made him groan loudly in pain as they dragged him away.

When he was gone, the Alpha handed Zezi a stamped message and left the room. Zezi knew that the only reason why the Alpha would choose to send George to the dungeon instead of banishing him or doing something worse was because of the Luna. So immediately after he left, she turned to the Luna and thanked her.

"No problem with that at all, Zezi. How about your arm, does it hurt?"

Zezi subconsciously brushed her hand against her arching arm. It did, but it was healing fast. The reason why it even hurt to begin with was because of the kind of force George, as a Beta, commanded.

"Does he do this all the time? Are you safe?"

Different images of when something like this had happened in the past flashed before her eyes and she blinked to lock the images away. She took consolation in the fact that it wasn't him, it was his beast.

"He loves him." Zezi finally said.

"Does his wolf?"

"His wolf sees me as a stranger." Before the Luna could say anymore, Zezi added. "We have been together for years. What matters is that he loves me."

The Luna nodded, backing down. "I will just go and get Mira while you send the message."

"That won't be necessary, Luna. She is with Aunt Alice and I won't be gone for long."

The Luna started leaving. She was always one for white silky gowns, and even as she parted, the moonlight from the window seemed to shine upon her. "If you want to see him before you leave..."

"I don't." Zezi smiled, thanking her. "I will be on my way now."

***

That night, Zezi had sent the message. When she got back, George had been released from the dungeon. He apologized to her for his behavior, just like he had done every time something like that had happened. They both knew it was something he couldn't control yet it didn't change the fact that it hurt. 

They got a message from the Vampire King again. This time, it wasn't a body. Maybe because their intention to surrender was now clear. They found the letter stuck with an arrow on one of the trees around the Capital's border. 

The message was about the Vampire King and some of his kind coming to the Capital to sign and finalize the deal. Everyone was uneasy. The Alpha had already made an announcement about what was happening, and they knew that once that deal was signed, nothing would be the same again. The vampires were cruel creatures, fearless too. They were immortals, they had no life to protect, only their souls.

The havoc their kind had wreaked on the world were fearful tales that would be forever remembered. 

The pack was unusually quiet as they waited in anticipation of the arrival of their doom. Yet they knew it was better this way, better this way than the war.

When the Vampires arrived, their presence brought with them a sense of dread. The Alpha and Luna had been the ones to welcome them. They tried hard not to show fear in order to reassure the rest of the pack.

If deals were to be signed between packs, it would usually take place in the Alpha's office but this time around, they decided to use the little hall in the pack house. Each kind taking a side. There were warriors at the werewolves' table; everyone was alert. A sharp contrast to the calmness at the Vampire's table. They looked calm and in control, something that should be odd considering the fact that they were just five.

Their King sat in the middle, two women at either of his side and a man at either side of the women.

The hall was a beautiful one, filled with beautiful light and a heavenly scent that seemed to struggle with the aura of death the vampires carried along with them.

Not knowing what to do, Alpha Gery rose to address everyone. "We are here today..."

"Cut the formality, I don't have time to waste." The Vampire King's voice cut him short. There was something sharp and cold about his voice, commanding even. He signaled to one of the men at the end of his table and the man stood up with a scroll in his hand.

"Your delay has caused me to review my terms, Gery."

Alpha Gery gritted his teeth at the disrespect. It hurt more that he was powerless. The way they came little in number showed how confident they were in their strength, what hurt most about it was that they were right.

One of the Vampires went across the hall and placed the new scroll before Gery, then he went back to take his seat.

Gery clenched and unclenched his fists as he read through the scroll. He flung it aside and slammed his fists on the table. 

"That is just too much!"

The Vampire King was unfazed, he watched the furious Alpha through bored eyes.

"Is that so?"

George reached across the table quickly to see what the new term was. Anger clouded his eyes immediately but he knew better than to speak. 

"I cannot allow you to turn 500 of my pack members by tomorrow night." Gery chest was rising and falling in anger. 

The King stared back at him with a raised eyebrow.

Gery pressed his lips together then he spoke through clenched teeth, like what he said next was driving a dagger to his heart.

"They won't survive it."

"What does it matter?"

Gery clenched his fist tightly against the table. This was just too much for him! He could hear Sky say something to him through their mind link, but he couldn't exactly make out what it was, though he knew she wanted him to be calm so that he could think straight. They all needed that from him right now.

"The deal is that we surrender to you, you will be our King and we pay a certain quota of everything we get to you every month. The quota we are to meet is already ridiculous."

Something ticked in the King's jaw. "Then I believe we are done here."

As if on cue, they all stood up immediately, turning away from the table. 

It didn't need to be spelled out; everyone knew that once they stepped out of the hall, it meant only one thing. 

There would be a full-blown war. 

Not like the one they had been battling for some months but one that would happen once and for all. They also knew that they wouldn't survive it.

"I beg you to reconsider." Gery forced himself to say. 

The King's eyes flickered to one of the women by his side, the slightly taller and rigid-looking one; she nodded lightly. Her movement was so small that it could have almost been missed.

They all settled down and Gery let out a sigh of relief. At that moment, Zezi rushed in, her boots making a muffled sound against the tiled floor. Eyes turned towards her before she scurried to the seat next to George and they looked away.

"Where have you been?" George whispered to her.

"Mira." Feeling uneasy, she patted her hands on her gray uniform. "What have I missed?"

George passed her the scroll, and when she read it, she was angry, too. This was insanity! Werewolves and vampires were two different kinds and turning them was a slim chance of survival. It was more or less like saying they wanted 500 pack members dead by tomorrow night. They had already lost so many pack members during this war already.

"480 then." Zezi heard a calm, sharp voice say, and her eyes flew in the direction of whoever said it. 

It was the man seated at the center of the table. He had a sharp jawline and a crown that sat gloriously on his jet-black hair. He was quite muscular and he looked like a godly sculptor in his blood-red robe. The more she looked at him, the more she felt uneasy. There was just something about him that she couldn't put her finger on. 

Something about him felt so different and dangerous.



###chapter 4 - When Sparks Shouldn't Fly

"I beg you to reconsider." She heard her Alpha say, frustrated. It looked like there was no headway in the argument. 

"I have already done that and I say 480." 

The uneasiness set in again in Zezi's veins. It was like there was something about his voice that made her feel strange, something that drove her to a certain edge that she couldn't explain.

"I will give you more territories." The Alpha said in defeat and the Luna looked at him sharply. Everyone did but he didn't look back at them. 

"All territories." The King started point blank and silence settled across the hall.

The first deal had left only five small packs under Gery's command. Unless he was willing to sacrifice the lives of 480 werewolves, then he would have to surrender totally to the King. He was caught in a tough place and he knew it.

George looked up at the Alpha and he knew he was considering it. He swallowed a lump in his throat, he might have been wrong about Gery after all. Maybe he did deserve to be the Alpha because here he was about to give away the little that was left of his authority and power to save 480 lives.

"Fine." The word pushed past his teeth. He knew the implication of his agreement; once he signed that deal, he would be nothing, just a mere werewolf. He would be reduced to nothing.

He felt his Luna's hands on his, holding him tightly so that he could understand he was not alone. Zezi and George shared worried glances before looking away.

Then the signing began. Agreements upon agreements about different packs under Alpha Gery's command. 

When it was Alpha Gery's turn to pass a scroll to the Vampire King, he signaled to Zezi who took it and went to the other side of the hall where the vampires were seated. She took a quick note of everyone who sat at the table; their gazes were empty, and they all looked pale. When she got to the King, she tried hard to keep her head down. She put the scroll forward, and he took it, but his cold hand had mistakenly brushed against hers. Immediately, fire lit in her veins. She looked up instinctively only to see that he was looking at her already.

She got lost in his eyes then, feeling trapped in a spell that she couldn't resist. It was as if she could suddenly see all the different emotions he buried behind them. Her breath caught in her throat and she gulped.

He looked away then, his eyes on the mark etched firmly into her neck. His black eyes turned a shade darker and his jaw tightened. Then he blinked and just like that, it was all gone. He was cold again, unreadable, like whatever she had seen happen hadn't happened at all.

She blinked in confusion then turned away, resuming back to her side of the table. No one seemed to have noticed anything being amiss.

She sat down, visibly shaken. George put his arms behind her and whispered something to her but she couldn't hear. She looked up at where the King was again but he was going through the scrolls, his eyes focused on them. 

She felt so confused and dazed, the rate at which her heart was racing didn't let her think straight. She felt George lean in and whisper something to her ears, his lips brushing it lightly. He looked up at her then, cold emotionless eyes staring at her across the hall before he looked away yet again, his eyes set on the scroll. 

She stood up abruptly, gave an excuse that she didn't even know if it sounded right then dashed out of the hall. She could feel him looking at her but she didn't look back.

What had just happened had to be some mistake. She was a lone wolf; there was no way she could ever have a mate, and even if, by some chance, the moon goddess decided to change that, there was no way it would be a vampire.

Vampires and werewolves were not mates, they were enemies, enemies that boiled down to the very root of history.

***

Zize pulled down her bags that she had been packing three nights before. Tears rushed down her eyes, she didn't know what to do. With shaky hands, she grabbed her clothes and folded them hazardously into the bag.

She could hear the worried voice of her daughter in her head, remembering what she had said the night she wanted to leave but she pushed it to the back of her mind. She needed to leave, she had to do this.

She was really grateful that Aunt Alice had Mira with her. She wouldn't have known what to do if they were still here, she wouldn't have known what to tell them, what to tell George. How would she say it?

How could she tell anyone that the Vampire King everyone dreaded, everyone including her hated, was her mate? There must have been some mistake. Mates don't happen between the two kinds. What was the meaning of this? She had already lived with the fact that she would never have a mate and built a family. Why now? Why him? 

She zipped up the pack, ready to leave. She needed that pass though, the one that the Alpha had sent to her through George three nights ago. Her heart ached that she would be breaking her promise but she knew that if she stayed, she would be risking too much. He must know that they were mates too, and she wasn't quite sure if he was the type to take having a mate seriously. He wasn't an easy man to read and there wasn't so much she could get from his blank eyes.

Too many thoughts were running through her mind. She finally found the pass in the pocket of one of George's pairs of trousers. She tucked it into her pocket. Without any more hesitation, she dashed into the garage, flung her bag into the backseat of the car, and in no time, her hands were on the wheels. She swirled out of the garage, her mind in a gaze, then suddenly she stumped her feet on the brakes, and the car screeched to a halt. 

What was she doing? Was she really going to leave? Her daughter, her family, everything she ever had. 

Would she really leave everything behind? 

Could she do that?

***

Back in the hall, the King watched the scroll blankly once again before he looked up at the werewolves. Their tensed faces etched into his memory, then he looked at the empty seat at the end of the table and he nodded lightly.

"Where is your Zeta?"

They all looked at the King confused. Alpha Gery was the first to speak. "Off for important matters."

A lot of thinking was going on in the King's head; his eyes seemed to have turned a shade darker, too.

"What..." he dropped the scroll on the table; the small movement echoed across the silent room. He was fighting with a force that was more than him and fighting this was difficult. "...matters?"

George didn't like the possessive tone he used. There was something oddly familiar yet so strange about it and he didn't like it one bit. This King could poke his nose into the packs' business but Zezi shouldn't be one of them.

When Alpha Gery spoke again, it was obvious that he felt uneasy by the close questioning.

"I'm afraid we can't discuss that; it is a pack issue and has nothing to do with this."

"It does. Turns out your Zeta is my mate and I think she just fled." He looked icily at the Alpha, then said, "Find her."

Silence cast across the hall, and before anyone could do anything, George bolted out through the door. He had suspected that something was wrong but there was no way he could have suspected this.

It was impossible! He told himself over and over again. Vampires and werewolves could never be mates. Besides, Zezi was a lone wolf. She wasn't destined to have a mate. Wasn't that how they had ended up together in the first place?

This was just impossible.

When he got back home, he ran into the house shouting her name.

"Zezi?! The Bloodsucker's King is saying some really stupid things!" 

The house felt empty. His voice echoed back to him softly and his eyes slowly became glassy. If Zezi had indeed fled then it would mean things, things he didn't want to be true.

He ran to the garage immediately to see the spot where Zezi's car used to be empty and his heart sank.

It was true.

Zezi had fled.



###chapter 5 - Run, If You Can.
When she got to the First Borderline, the warriors had found it a little strange. 

Why would the Alpha send the Zeta here if they were meant to sign a deal to put an end to the bloodshed? Yet they had seen the stamped pass and they couldn't question any further. Besides, she was the Zeta, the war general, fourth in the rank of power. Too much questioning was a challenge to her authority. 

While Zezi settled into the tent that they had built for her, different thoughts kept running across her mind.

Maybe she had been wrong. Maybe he didn't know they were mates. Something about the way he looked at her made her feel like he hadn't known, like he had mistaken it to be some passing feeling.

Yet a part of her told her that was just wishful thinking and she very well knew it. 

Or maybe he did know, and he decided he didn't want her, an enemy, just as she had decided that she didn't want him. 

Something told her that was impossible but she prayed with all her heart for it to be that. She dreaded vampires and the thought of being mated to one drove a dagger right through her heart.

A message soon came for her, that there was a message for her at the headquarters. She left the tent after a while; something about everything felt uneasy, and what she heard when she was about to enter the headquarter's tent proved it.

"He wants her sent back with immediate effect." An agitated voice said.

"Did he say why?" Another asked.

"Not really, but from some things he said, I think it has something to do with the Vampire King. I can't really tell what it is," the first one said.

Zezi's eyes flew open and her heart raced.

So, he knew. But of course, he did. It was a mate bond after all.

"She is going to resist, you know that?" Another who hadn't spoken before said.
"She is our Zeta, she will easily overpower us."

"And that is why I told you to get the silver bullet guns."

Silver bullet guns?! What was this?!

"Are you a fool? Not a scratch, the Alpha said."

"What do you presume we do then?"

Zezi didn't wait for whatever it was they had to say. She retraced her steps and slowly disappeared into the night. She couldn't stay here, it wasn't safe here anymore. She ran into her tent, grabbed her bags that she never unpacked in the first place, and fled. She didn't even know where she was going but she knew she couldn't stay. The pack was about to just hand her over to the King. The Alpha must have wrapped a favourable deal around finding her.

She chuckled humourlessly at that thought while she ran across the forest at wolf speed. She couldn't even blame him if he did. It was just her, a pack member, against the whole pack. She tried to imagine what George would be doing. Was he angry? Devastated? Or was he confused? What about her daughter? She was certain that no one would tell her what was going on. 

Tears rushed down her face. She didn't even know what she was doing or how far she could even run. Where was she even running to? She didn't know anything but there was one thing she knew. 

She was running away, far away. It wasn't safe here, it wasn't safe anywhere.

******************************

"There must be some mistake, she is my mate." George finally let out when he got into the Alpha's office. It was dimly lit and smelt of inks and documents. It was quite stuffy for a large office.

It was already in the evening of the next day, and they still hadn't captured Zezi yet.

"I understand how you feel about all this but we need her here to confirm everything."

"Confirm?" George chuckled darkly at that. He knew what this was all about, he was no fool. "That is not what you want to do. I have seen the scrolls prepared, you have crafted another agreement around Zezi." It was getting harder and harder for him to contain his anger now.
"How could you do that?! She is my wife and the mother of my child!" He banged his fists against the table and the Alpha leaned back in his chair.

"I am doing this for the pack."

George chuckled darkly again while he muttered to himself.

"The pack, of course, the pack." Then his eyes snapped to the Alpha, his voice cold. "Would you be doing this for the pack if it had been the Luna?"

Something ticked in Gery's jaw and he slowly clenched his fists.

"I didn't think so."

The Alpha stood up calmly.
"You are not true mates, George."

"There is no difference to me. I love her just as much as I would have if the Moon had bonded us together."

"The way I see it, there is a difference. If you had been true mates, this wouldn't have happened to begin with."

George stepped forward angrily, "You better not go further with plans of handing over my wife to that monster. Don't test me!"

"There you go again with challenging me!" It was the Alpha's turn to be angry. His eyes flashed between two colors. He took a step closer to George, who firmly stood his ground as usual, but for some reason, no one took a step further. It was like they were waiting patiently for one person to be the first to lose it.

The Luna stepped and one look at them made her know that they had been at it again. She sent a glare their way. How could they be doing this when they had bigger trouble on their plates? Gery stepped back, breaking the tension.

"I have bad news."

George immediately became worried, and all the anger he felt disappeared.
"What is it? Is Zezi alright?"

"She is, it is the werewolves we sent after her that aren't."

Amidst everything, George found himself smiling with a sense of pride.

"She didn't kill them, did she?" He heard the Alpha ask. 

"No, she ensured she left them alive but that isn't the problem."

All eyes were on the Luna now. If that wasn't the problem, then what was it? 

"The King thinks we are intentionally keeping her away from him. If he does anything, we are doomed, Gery." The Luna threw her hands in the air dramatically.
"I tried to speak to her through the pack link. She blocked it off."

"I know, I tried too."

"We are doomed, Gery."

"Don't say that."

"If we don't get a hold of her soon, he will go after her himself. You know what that means? If he gets her first, we have nothing to use to our advantage." She said the last part in a hushed tone, as if she was embarrassed to think of Zezi like that. George snarled at the last statement and she mouthed to him an apology.

Everyone became silent then, each turning in their minds different thoughts.

"I will go. I will find her." George broke the silence.

The Alpha scoffed.
"How? You can't use the mates' mind link, you are not true..."

"I know that but I am that one person she can't hurt when I find her. I know how she thinks too. I am your best bet."

As much as the Alpha didn't want to admit it, he knew he was right. Zezi was a powerful and calculative Zeta. She wasn't made the War General for nothing, and who else had the power to bring her in, other than the mate she had gone through heaven and hell with.

"How do I trust that you will do as you've said?"

"That is up to you, Alpha Gery. It is already tough on me that I am bringing my wife in. Think whatever you will." He flopped down into the nearest chair. 

While different thoughts ran across his mind, the Luna and Alpha stood at a corner of the office speaking through the mind link they had.

He stared at the ceiling and he sighed. His eyes became glassy as he thought of what he had to do. The Luna was right; if they didn't bring Zezi in soon, then the Vampires would consider them enemies. They would never see them as subjects ever again, neither would they ever sign that deal for peace to reign. 

The Vampires had one rule when it came to enemies too. They never leave them alive, just as they had done for years. He and Zezi had a first-hand experience of what the rule was like. Wasn't that how they became rouges in the first place? 

"Alright then. Find her." The Alpha's voice rang through his mind, interrupting his thoughts and leaving him startled for only a second. He had spoken to him through the pack's link, something he hadn't done for a long time. George knew what it meant. It was a subtle reminder that he had control over him.

George stood up and he almost swayed on his feet. His legs felt weak. He nodded, he knew at that moment that he had made a decision.

"Before that, I need to see my daughter and speak to Aunt Alice. She needs to know that I will be gone for a while."



###chapter 6 - A Switch in Plans
Zezi hid behind another tree, her senses alert. She was listening attentively for any movement. 

It had been two days or maybe even more she couldn't really tell. She was running out of supplies and she had left behind her weapons at the tent when she fled. 

Her eyes ached from lack of sleep and she was sure she must stink. It had been a while since she had a bath and she hadn't come across any river yet, nor had it rained. She couldn't waste the water she had with her on her body, she was reserving that for her thirst. 

She ran to the next tree and laid her back flatly against it. She bit her lips to stop herself from crying. She felt so cold and alone. She missed her daughter and her husband, yet she knew she couldn't go back. If she did, she wouldn't be able to stay. He would take her away, she would be forced to leave with the enemy. 

She was certain that with the Alpha, knowing everything now, he would have drawn up another bargain that involved her. 

But could she blame him? It was just her, a pack member, against the whole pack. Any Alpha would do it.

She came across another werewolf who attacked her yet again. This time, it took a little longer to bring him down. He had shifted into his wolf midair and her steps had flattered a little. 

She had snapped too, shifting into her wolf. A huge silver wolf that made the other cower. Her wolf had blue eyes, just as she did. Her wolf was angry and desperate. She growled in warning to her opponent, a brown wolf that obviously stood no chance. But the wolf didn't listen and he had charged at her instead.

She tried hard not to kill him but this wolf was determined to do otherwise. Whatever madness had set in his brains. So when he sank his canines into her arm, past her fur, she didn't hesitate to draw her claws sharply against his neck, rippling his lungs open. 

The wolf fell with a thud, lifeless. Some distance away, she could hear a wolf howling in pain. 

They were here.

With her bag in her mouth, her wound healing fast, yet her fur stained with her blood, she ran.

***

When she finally changed back to her human form, it was at night. She was so thankful that she had packed some extra clothing or else she would have to be scrolling along this forest naked.

She was hungry, tired, and afraid. Changing to her wolf had made her use up all her strength and she had now ran out of food. She fell to the floor exhausted. 

How long exactly could she run? Where was she running to?

Away, her mind answered.

But where was "away"? Was what she was doing right? Was it wise? 

She couldn't think for long because soon, the sleep that she had been trying so hard to avoid for a while now tackled her and overcame her.  

She found herself falling into a nightmare of what had happened the night she became rogue. The night the vampires came into their pack and killed them all.

She could feel it all again, the fear that rushed into her veins as she discovered that her parents were gone. She could hear the screaming, she could feel the fire burning, her legs aching from running too much. 

It all happened when she was eight. They had attacked them and her pack had not been ready. It was an ambush, one that happened in the dead of the night.

While she ran aimlessly with tears running down her face, someone had pulled her aside quickly. Before she could even scream, a hand was over her mouth while the person pulled her along into a dark passageway.

The voice she had heard made her cease her struggling. It was a voice she knew all too well. It was George, the Alpha's son.

"Run and don't look back. Run, Zezi. I will be right here by your side, we do this together."

That was the night her hatred for Vampires began. Up until then, it had just been tales of their cruelty but that night, she experienced it and lost everything. 

Except George. 

He had lost everything too, yet he stayed with her and they did it together.

She started shivering as she laid on the cold floor. Tears running down her eyes, the images still playing in her mind, the voices still loud in her ears. 

***

When she woke up again, she was standing face to face with a warrior. His eyes became wide with discovery. Immediately, he realized who she was, but before he could say anything, she had already tackled him to the ground and left him unconscious. 

She packed up her bags quickly, pushing the hunger away. 

They were here already?! How long had she slept?! 

The sun peeking through the trees answered her question and she gnashed her teeth. 

It was daylight!

She knew she shouldn't have fallen asleep! Now what was she going to do? 

Before she made it far though, she heard a silver chain swinging swiftly across the air. With her accelerated hearing, she knew where it was going to land. She jumped off the ground at that instant; the chain that was supposed to have her legs in bondage held thin air. 

She looked back at her attacker and that was when she made a mistake. There her husband was, behind her, his eyes holding pain that seemed suffocating.

Silver chains wrapped firmly around her legs then, altering her balance and ripping her harshly from her thoughts. She fell with a thud. She reached down quickly to loosen the chains, but it burnt her hands, and she cried out in pain. 

"George..." She called out in a painful whisper. He walked closer, next to her attacker; his eyes still hadn't stopped holding all that pain.

"The Alpha wants no harm upon you." He said when he finally got in front of her.

"George...?"

"I advise you come with us quietly."

His words hurt. She understood that he could be mad at her for leaving without an explanation but he should know why. 

This was just plain hurtful. How could he turn against her like this? Out of everyone, he should understand!

She blinked the tears that refused to stop rolling down her cheeks away and smiled painfully.

"Or what? You will kill me?"

"Zeta Zezi...."

"Whatever, Beta." She glared down at the chains still wrapped around her legs before looking up at them.
"You definitely won't be taking me alive. I will make sure of that."

George's jaw tightened, and then suddenly, a smile crossed his lips. Zezi's confidence washed over with confusion.

Did he, perhaps, want her dead?

George turned around swiftly, hitting the warrior next to him on his neck. The warrior fell unconscious, and then he pressed his thumb on his forehead. His eyes rolled back for a while before they retained their normal position, and he tossed the warrior aside.

Then he winked at her.

"I was hoping you would say that."
Relief washed over her and amidst the pain, she found herself smiling back at him.

This was the George she knew. The one that was with her all those years while they were rogues, the one that was always willing to take any risk for her. The one that decided to accept her proposal for them to be chosen mates when they discovered that she would never have one. Although now, she really didn't know how she felt about that but it was reassuring to have George with her. Reassuring to have him here with her again, like every other time he never left.

He pulled out thick gloves from his pocket and undid the chains. He brought her up, carrying her in his arms because she wouldn't be able to walk for a while till the wound healed. Which was going to take quite a while considering it was silver.

George had an ability passed down to him from his generation. He could make people forget things if he wanted to. Just like what he had done to the warrior, he would forget ever seeing Zezi or who attacked him. It was mostly a game of luck with the power because sometimes it would work and other times it wouldn't. This was just one of those few lucky times that it did.

He brought them to a river, where she was able to have her bath and change her clothes. Throughout the journey, they both kept quiet.

When they finally got to somewhere they could rest, George tended to her wounds. She was healing at a rather fast rate but she would still need a while to stay off her feet.

She leaned against the tree where she sat, tired. She gulped down the bottle of water George had given her while she stared down at the empty food wrapper. It was so good to have her belly full again.

"I'm sorry." She finally mustered the courage to face what she had been avoiding. He looked at her from where he sat some distance away then looked away. 

When did he become so hard to read? So distant. It felt like whoever he was while saving her a while ago had completely been replaced.



The King's Move
"How is Mira?"

"She is fine. Aunt Alice is doing a great job."

"I--I had no choice. I had to leave."

It was quiet, like he wouldn't say anything in return. It got to a point that she was starting to doubt if he had even heard her.

"You should have told me."

"I just..."

"I know we are not true mates but we love each other, don't we?"

Zezi furrowed her eyebrows at that question, "Where is this coming from? This thing about not being true mates? We chose each other, George. Of course, we love each other."

He stood up then, pacing in front of her before he stopped abruptly.

"Is it true? I have to hear it from you. I don't care how it must seem to everyone else, if you just say it isn't, then I will discard all the thoughts I have been coming up with. We will go back there right now and tell them that the Vampire King is nuts."

His eyes looked like they carried weights of sadness. The way his shoulders slumped showed how hard it was for him to keep up with all of these. He pushed his hair back and she could see how tired he was. He looked drained, worse than the night at the house.

"It is true, George."

"But--but you are a lone wolf! Have you forgotten that, Zezi? Back when we were on the run and we met this witch while we were looking for your mate, she said you were a lone wolf. Have you forgotten?"

"I know," the sadness she felt was starting to choke her.
"I remember but it is true. I don't know how it happened but it is true." 

She so badly wanted to stand, to go to him, but she couldn't. The pain was still there, burning.
He started pacing around again while mumbling denial to himself.
"No, I came all the way here for you to tell me that it is not true. Your words were my last hope. Your words, my love. Just a 'no' would have done it."

"George..." She called out to him, scared that he would do something bad to himself but he kept mumbling while he drove his hands crazily through his hair.

"Just your words...your words..."

"George!" She finally snapped and it was like he was hearing her call him for the first time. He turned to her abruptly.

"It doesn't mean anything. If it did, I won't be here running away."

His tensed shoulders slumped then, his lips parted and it was like a sudden realization dawned on him.

He felt stupid for a moment. Then he came to her, a knee on the floor while he looked directly at her. He watched her for a while, a tear ran down his face. She reached up to him, weep the tears away. She cupped his face between her hands and smiled reassuringly at him.

"It means nothing." She kissed him then, a passionate kiss that filled with a sort of underlying promise. He kissed her back, just as passionate, just as needy.

When they drew apart, he bent to her neck, drew her up in his arms so that she was pressed against him. He spoke against his marked etched into her skin while he allowed himself to be engulfed in her scent.

"I don't want to lose you, Zezi. I don't ever want to ever lose you."

With her fingers, she brushed against her mark on his neck lightly before leaning into him.
"And you won't."

As much as he wanted this moment to last for them, he knew he didn't have enough time.

"We have to leave."

"I have been thinking about that. Where? There is no "where" out here."

"There is and we can leave right now."

A smile played on Zezi's but it faded away almost immediately. 

"Mira."

"I have plans for that too." He pulled away from her then sat by her side. 
"I went to see Aunt Alice before I left."

Aunt Alice was someone that Zezi considered as a mother. When Zezi had just gotten to the pack, Aunt Alice was dealing with the grief of losing her daughter. It was so painful for her because she had to deal with the pain alone, her mate had died some years ago before it happened. 

Aunt Alice had taken her in and ever since then they were family. Aunt Alice loved Zezi so much that she was willingly to lay down her life for her.

"I told her to tell the Alpha that she would be leaving with Mira to another pack in our Alpha's territory, so that when everything comes down it won't affect Mira's health."

"So...?"

"Well by now she must have gotten the pass from the Alpha to leave. The thing is that she is not going to another pack. She will be waiting for us somewhere around the border."

He watched her for a while trying to see if she would connect all the dots together but he couldn't wait anymore and he said out in excitement.

"We are flying out of Teeland, my love! Aunt Alice, Mira, you and I, we will all disappear."

He chuckled and pulled her into an embrace. She smiled too, happiness rushing fast through her veins. But something flashed into her mind and a coldness immediately creeped over her. 

It was like she was in the hall again and his hand was brushing lightly against hers. She gulped, it was suddenly hard to breath.

Then the King's eyes flashed into her mind and her heart raced. Those dark eyes that seemed to trap her in.

The more she thought about it, the more she felt that he was someone who wouldn't easily let something that he believed was his go.

George's voice snapped her out of her daze and she sucked in a deep breath.
"...their car will be waiting for us. All we have to do, is get there."

How long had he been talking? She couldn't remember.

He stood up, packed up their bags, strapped it to his back and bent to carry her.

"George, I am worried, I think..." She stopped when she noticed his arms go stiff around her. She looked up at him to see that his eyes had been rolled back. He stood like that for a while before his eyes retained their normal position and a glare crossed his face.

"I hate when he does that." He said then continued walking. 

"Alpha Gery? When did he start using the mind link again."

"Well, since yesterday."

It was quiet for a while as George tried to maneuver their way through the forest.

"What did he say?"

"That they saw a warrior unconscious and they believe it was you." A sly grin appeared on George's face.
"He also asked if I had seen you. Well I said no but I think I might soon."

"You know something about you, George?" Her voice sounded teasing and a mischievous glint appeared in his eyes. It had been quite a while since they ever had time for each other.

"What?

"You are such a selfish man." She drawled and he chuckled lightly. 

"Selfish when it comes to you, Zezi. Gladly, truly and wholeheartedly selfish."

******************************

"We will be there soon. By tomorrow all these will be behind us. It will all be over."

George said when he finished building up the tent they could rest in for the night. The fire burnt softly at one side, while Zezi stared blankly into it. She still couldn't help feeling uneasy and no matter what she did, she couldn't stop remembering his cold hand brushing lightly against hers nor could she forget his eyes. 

There was something dark, dangerous and compelling about his eyes.

"Are you listening?" George said next to her and she jumped in her own skin. Looking back at him, startled.

"I said it time for us to go to sleep." George arched an eyebrow at her.
"What were you thinking about?"

Her mouth felt dry and her heart clenched with disappointment and annoyance.

Him...

She had been thinking about him but how could she say that? Although her thoughts had been channeled towards other intentions, it pissed her off that she even thought about him to begin with.

"Nothing important. Just worried, that it is all."

He held her hand reassuringly and smiled.
"It will soon be over, my love. I promise you that."

She nodded. She sure hope it did. She honestly couldn't wait.

When she left, he followed after her but his steps stilled all of a sudden. She hadn't noticed though, so she made her way into the tent.

Alpha Gery's voice rang in his mind then.

"The warrior you knocked out cold is recovering."

"Figured that out, didn't you, Alpha Gery?"

"I Know you are with her."

His reply was abrupt, blunt and sounded unwavering.
"Then you must know that I am not coming back."

"I understand you, Beta, but it is no longer the pack against you anymore."

"Your tactics won't work on me."

His mind was quiet before Alpha Gery's voice rang in his mind again and he could have sworn that he sensed pity and sadness in it.
"The Vampire king has your daughter."

Whatever resistance George had in him, at that moment, instantly came crumbling down.


###chapter 8 - Tempting The Beast
"He stopped Alice when she was about to leave the pack and seized your daughter."
George didn't respond, he didn't know what to say.
"There is more."
"More?!"
"Like I said, it isn't the pack against you anymore. He has sent the rest of his kind back to his Empire. He is giving us a day to give Zezi to him. If we don't, he will kill Mira and every single one of us."
George heart raced at that thought. 
Fear wasn't always something he entertained but even his wolf that was full of ego and pride about his abilities knew when there was a challenge that they couldn't take down. 
His wolf was shouting at him for being stupid. Zezi wasn't even his mate. Why must he risk his life like this for her? He was shouting back in his mind that she was his, just like he was hers and being true mates didn't matter.
When it came to Zezi, there were many things that he and his wolf never agreed on. Like what she truly meant to him.
Alpha Gery's voice snapped him out of his internal battle.
"I know you covered up your scent and Zezi's and we would never find or we might but it would be too late." 
There was a moment of silence, like the next words would never come.
"Whatever plan you have to leave, George, I am begging to stop. There are a lot of lives on the line. For the sake of your daughter, make the right decision. Talk to Zezi, tell her everything."
He couldn't take it anymore, the pressure on him. He started closing down the link and the Alpha sensed it. He started shouting through the link, saying everything he had to say quickly.
"Don't hide this from her, Beta George. If he finds her, and I know he will, he will kill you. He will kill us all. He..."
The link snapped shut and he sucked in a deep breath at being back into his environment. His legs felt weak and he staggered but there was someone by his side to steady him. He turned around and there was Zezi. Without saying a word, he pulled her into an embrace and he wept.
"I don't want to lose you."
She didn't say anything. She didn't know what to say but she patted his back gently making him know that whatever it was, she wasn't going anywhere.
When it was over, they were sitting by the fire again but it was cold this time and the fire was little. Smoke taking its place slowly.
"What did Alpha Gery say?"
"He has Mira."
It didn't need to be spelt out, they both knew who the He was. Zezi's hand rushed up to her chest immediately. It felt like she had been stabbed.
It hurt so much.
What if he does something to her?
The next words he said held no comfort or reassurance. He told her everything not leaving a single word out. When he was done, tears had dried up on her face. She stood up abruptly, went into the tent and got her bag.
"Where are you going?"
She chuckled painfully.
"You still have to ask?"
"You don't have to do this. We can come up with an idea. I can get Mira and Aunt Alice out, I know I can." His eyes were begging, desperately.
"How?" She tossed her bag to the floor, feeling weak from within.
"I will come up with a plan, I always do, my love."
She held her head in her palms, it suddenly felt so heavy. When she looked up at him, tears were rolling down her cheeks again. 
"Oh, George..."
There was just so much determination in his eyes that made her crumble from within. One that she knew all too well, one that she had for long admired and loved but not now. Now, it would only bring them to their doom. 
Even she knew when to give up.
"We will be together, all of us, I promise you."
When she finally spoke again, her voice was choked with tears.
"At what cost?"
"None!" It was obvious that even at that point he didn't believe himself.
"Don't lie to me. We both know that a lot of people will die. That is selfish, George. For me, packs will be vanquished, everything will be destroyed just because I want to stay with my family. He won't even let that happen. You know how they are, we both know. He said he would kill Mira and he will do it."
"He won't."
"Stop it, George. Just stop!" She finally snapped, her chest raising and falling.
"Stop thinking I can avoid this, that we can avoid this."
An hint of anger and desperation crossed his face then. He held onto her hands, vibrating from weakness.
"What do you suggest I do then?! Let you just go to the monster. We both know how they are and that is why I don't want you to have to face that. I love you and if I am even going to lose you at the end, I won't let it all go down without fighting for you. What kind of husband will I be if I don't fight for you?"
"But you've already done that. You've fought and you've fought hard. We've both fought." She chuckled caressing his face tenderly. He smiled too, tears running down his face while he nodded.
"And now it is time to stop."
"Oh, my love." He pulled her into an embrace, his heart aching badly.
"For everyone, the pack, Mira, Aunt Alice, you. Let me go."
His arms tightened around her while he wept into her neck.
"I..."
"I don't want you to die because of me. I don't want our daughter dying because of me. I don't want anyone dying because of me. He is a monster and he won't stop till he gets what he wants."
"I know...I know..."
"Then let this happen." She pulled out of his embrace and looked at his face.
"How about this, I promise to come back."
"Don't."
George shook his head.
"Don't raise my hopes. We both know that is a promise you can't keep. Once you leave, you are never coming back."
"I will, even if it kills me."
******************************
The moment Zezi and George stepped into the pack, they knew there was no going back. 
There was just this silence that felt suffocating, like everyone was waiting for a certain doom.
Maybe they had thought that she wouldn't come back and they had tried to hide away in their houses waiting for their death. The air felt a bit heavy. 
They took another step and immediately guards surrounded them. George explained that they were here to surrender and quickly they were taken to the Alpha's office. 
The Alpha and the Luna were more than happy to see them. Alpha Gery kept talking about how much this sacrifice means to the whole pack, never had George heard him apologise so much in his life. The Luna was just as sympathetic and she kept affirming that their sacrifice would never be forgotten.
"I just want to see my daughter and Aunt Alice." Zezi said, not in the mood to accept praises.
"Alice is in her house." Luna Sky answered with a smile that didn't feel so reassuring.
"What about my daughter?" Zezi pointed out.
When no one spoke immediately, her heart raced. 
What had that monster done to her daughter?
"She is with him. He won't let her go till he has you."
"Is she..." alive? She wanted to ask but she couldn't bring herself to.
"We don't know."
George clenched and unclenched his fists.
"I am not having that crap! You better pray that she is alive and well because..."
The office door flung open at that moment and everyone turned to see who it was. There the King was, his hands folded behind him. His eyes roamed the room and stopped when they laid on Zezi. She was looking back at him too but she pulled herself out of that spell quickly. Fear was in her eyes as her mind took note of one important thing.
He was alone.
She speed towards him.
"Where is she? Where is my daughter?"
His jaw tightened instead and he didn't say a word but his black eyes studied her, taking every inch of her face and burning it into his memory.
She slammed her hands against him to push him away but that had been her mistake. A sort of heat radiated beneath that fabric he wore and engulfed her skin. She felt it all again, like that day in the hall. The fire crossing quickly through her veins. She staggered back and looked up at him. She could have sworn that something flashed in those black eyes but she wasn't quite sure.
Then she heard it.
"Mummy!"
She looked away from him quickly. Someone was putting down her daughter. Happiness exploded in her heart and before her daughter ran towards her, she was already there on her knees, her arms wrapped firmly around Mira. 
"I thought I lost you right there. I would have never forgiven myself." She whispered to her daughter, tears running down her face. She felt George pulled them both into an embrace like they always did. 
This time around though, their blissful moment didn't last.
"Take your hands off her."

###chapter 9 - Monster
The voice cut through the office.

Dark, sharp, cold and absolutely daring. 

Just like that day in the hall. 

George gnashed his teeth, staying still while anger drummed in his head.

She was his! His!

No, she is not. 

His wolf snapped at him. He heard Zezi call him quickly, like she was afraid of what would happen if he didn't step away.

"George..."

The King was there, still looking at them calmly but the tightness in his jaws showed just how hard he was trying to still have the reigns of control.

"Take your hands off her."

George stood up abruptly. A sudden fear had crawled over him. He felt cold. He immediately grabbed Mira and carried her in his arms. Before Zezi could stand, she felt a cold hand tight around her wrist while she staggered to her feet. 

It happened so fast.

She was just kneeling on the floor right there a moment ago and now, here she was by his side. He was fast, faster than they were. So fast that her sight had blurred for a moment. 

It was only then she noticed the woman who had brought her daughter in some moments ago. She was a little pale too, just like the rest of them but her aura held some calmness... some life. Not enough to grasp unto but enough to make a difference. 

She gave Zezi a little smile but she looked away, not returning it.

They were all the same. They were all monsters!

"There is it, our Peace Treaty but don't forget that once you break the rules, we will be coming for you." She heard him say. 

She looked around the room, her eyes landing on Mira. There were so many things she wanted to tell her. She looked up at George, his jaws were tightened. She couldn't looked at him for long though, the King had pulled her out along with him and slammed the door shut. He immediately started walking and she had to fall into quick steps behind him.

"I have to say goodbye."

She wasn't sure if he heard because not once did his steps flatter. She tried to listen in on his heartbeat but she heard nothing. Then a smile crossed her lips at how ridiculous that was.

Had she easily forgotten that these were monsters without a heart?

"I have to say goodbye to my family." She said a bit louder this time. 

Black cars screeched to an halt some distance beside them and her heart raced.

The thought of leaving was absolutely different from it actually happening. She looked around to see her pack members everywhere, looking at her with gratitude in their eyes, pity too. But their gratefulness knew no bounds and she knew it. It was like they were thanking her for being their sacrifice.

"I have to say goodbye to the people I love."

His feet came to an halt then. She staggered to a stop, her heart racing. For a while all she could see was his blood red robe, she could almost see the rigidness beneath the robe. 

"No."

With that he pulled her along till they were seated in the backseat of the car. She looked out hurriedly through the tinted glasses, her eyes searching for Aunt Alice, George or Mira. She really wanted to see them.

"You won't find him. Stop looking." She heard him say coldly to her and she almost jumped in her skin. She had almost forgotten that he was there.

"I just want to say..."

"No!" He sat up abruptly, and leaned closer to her. She could see his face now, every feature like she hadn't see it before and admist everything, she found herself admitting that he was handsome. 

An handsome monster, her mind snarled.

Then her eyes flew to his, those magnificent black orbs were flashing between black and blood red. Tiny black zig-zag lines ran across his face, like black ink spilling hazardously beneath his skin.

She should be afraid, terrified even.

And so she was. She sank back into her seat, wanting to get far away from him. Fear raced in her lungs and coldness creeped over her. 

This was the face of a monster, one she had seen before. 

Images of the vampires slashing through her pack flashed before her eyes. 

She sank deeper into her seat, fear clear as day in her eyes. She could feel her lips quivering slightly. Her nails slowly turned into claws and dug into the seat. 

He saw it, then he blinked. The black veins slowly disappeared and his eyes maintained its usual black colour. He sat back in his seat, his jaw tightened once again.

It took a while before she calmed herself down.

Throughout the rest of the journey, silence reigned.

*****

At a point they had stopped. She had wondered what was going on but she refused to ask. Why would she? She knew that she wasn't going to get an explanation after all.

It got even more strange when they all left the car and started walking, going into a strange forest by the roadside.

Different unorganized thoughts ran in her mind while they did that. She stepped on a twig and almost lost her footing but she steadied herself right on time. She could feel his eyes on her at that time but she was determined not to look back. 

As much as she could, she would try not to look at him. 

Then they got to a cave. They went in, lit torches were hung on both sides. 

Zezi's heart raced. The problem wasn't about seeing, her wolf's abilities involved seeing in the dark and she could see just fine. 

The problem was that this cave would be part of her obstacles when she wants to escape. She knew she was already a long way from home but now while they maneuver their way through this cave, she understood that it wasn't only a long way from home anymore, but also a very complicated way away from home.

*****

It was a Castle, a huge one that she felt that it was possible for her to get lost in. It was as if they could sense her presence way before she even got there. 

Of course, they could. She was different. She certainly was sure she smelt different.

While they made it up the stairs, the maids had welcomed them. They were now in the hallway with different doors on both sides. She just wanted to be shown where she would stay so that she could get away from him as soon as possible. Staying within such a close range to him muddled up her feelings and made her really angry with herself.

'He is monster.'

She kept the sentence playing over and over again in her head. Allowing that night when she was fourteen to etch permanently into her mind. The pain, the loss, the grieve, everything. 

She wouldn't forget so easily.

"You are here quicker than I thought," a voice chuckled behind them and she turned to see who it was. 

It was one of the ladies that had been next to him that night. She had on a long gown with a shade of red that seemed way too sharp. 

What was it with these people and red?!

She was quiet lean, tall and beautiful. She had long black hair and eyes that seemed to always have a tinge of humor in them.

Her aura was absolutely compelling yet there was something about it, a sort of darkness, psychotic darkness.

"What is it, Laura?"

"I had imagined that you would be ripping their throats apart by now. Do you know how much I was hoping that you would send us the signal."

"Turned out they were not as stupid as I thought."

"Maybe," Laura shrugged.

"Well, killing them would have been fun."

Monster! Zezi's mind screamed. She clenched her fists by her side.

"But would it have been worth it." Laura said to him with a sick smile.
"We've lost so much because of the..." Laura's eyes seized up Zezi. "little inconvenience."

"Is that so?" He drawled out calmly. Zezi looked up at him, it was so hard to understand what he was thinking or to even take a guess.

She looked back at Laura and she looked shaken, fear flashed in her eyes before she blinked it away.
"Definitely not," She smiled broadly at Zezi. "Welcome home."

Something about the way she had said it, made Zezi feel like she didn't want her there. 

Well, that made it two of them.

Zezi took a guess at who she could possibly be. A lover most definitely, probably a modest one since she hadn't flung herself on him yet. If he was already with someone, then all she would have to do was convince the person to be on her side. There would be no need to give the person a motive, the person would already have it.

Seeing how Laura obviously didn't like her presence, this should be easy. 

A complete win-win!


###chapter 10 - Dangerously Close
He started walking away then and she had no choice but to follow, his hand was still firm around her wrist. He turned back abruptly making her almost walk into him.

"You know, you should always clean up after your meal, Laura. You still act like such a child."

Zezi turned quickly. She saw it then, blood just around Laura's lips. How had she missed it?

She tried hard to maintain her breathing. Every moment here reminded her about how much of a monster they were.

Laura's tongue slithered out to lick it away and she smiled blatantly at him. Like whatever made her terrified of him moments ago had disappeared into thin air.

"Well, I do that because you always look out for me. Don't you, brother?"

B-brother?! They were siblings! 

Zezi sighed in defeat. How was she going to easily escape if there were no jealous lover(s).to aid and abet her plans?

They soon resumed what was starting to seem like a journey to her room. They finally came to a door at the end of the hallway. In haste to get away from him, she quickly pushed forward and pressed down the handle.

But alas, it was locked!

He reached from behind her with the key in his hand and she froze up. 

This was exactly what she didn't want. She didn't want them been close... at all.

It felt hot all of a sudden. The minute seemed to dragged on, every moment a torture. When the door finally swung opened. She rushed into the room, her eyes adjusting quickly to the darkness. 

It wasn't all that dark yet though. They had gotten there in the evening. She could see light seeping in through the curtains. Something about being here with him in the dark made her so uncomfortable and vulnerable. She reached for the curtains but before she could throw them open, the lights came on.

Beautiful sharp lights that flashed straight into her eyes. It took her a moment and a few blinking to adjust.

He was there by the light switch, something unreadable in his eyes. 

She stopped then, her heart racing. He took a step closer and she took two steps back. He stopped, folded his arms behind him and suddenly anger glinted in his eyes. Only for a while before it was gone yet again.

He looked at her for a few seconds, the way she backed away from him in full determination, the way her chest rose and fell, the way her eyes held so much fear. He took note of it all and without another word, he was gone.

It had happened so fast. One moment he was there and the next he wasn't. Zezi breathed out in relief. She immediately went to shut the door. 

Funny enough, he had left the keys behind.

She had no time to process or try to figure out if it had been a mistake. Something told her it wasn't though but she really didn't care. As long as she was far away from him and those compelling feelings, she was satisfied. 

She locked the doors and dashed to the bed. She stayed there for a while before doing that one thing that had crossed her mind the whole day. 

The pack link.

If she could just reopen it and channel her energy to communicate with George alone then that would be great. She had never tried it before and she didn't know how far it could go but she was willing to give it a shot. 

She closed her eyes and tried to lift the block she had placed there. Sweat broke across her skin as she did. 

Why was it proving to be so difficult?

She tried harder and harder. Then finally it worked.

She waited to feel the connection but instead felt a certain void and emptiness like there was nothing at the other side. 

The pack link... it was gone!

Her eyes flew wide open when her mind proceed what this meant.

There was magic here.

*****

The next time she opened her eyes was when she heard a knock. She remembered crying herself to sleep and now she was really hungry.

"Milady?"

Milady? What was this? The ancient times?

She turned the key in the lock and opened the door. A petite, chubby woman with a large smile wheeled a trolley in. She looked... sort of alive and that made Zezi feel a little at peace. 

She must be human. She didn't smell like one though but that must have been because she had been here for far too long.

The trolley was filled with quite the variety of food that it could contain. Her eyes roamed hungrily on it and her stomach grumbled.

"Someone is hungry," the woman flashed her a smile. She quickly pulled the trolley to a small table at one corner of the room.

Zezi hadn't even noticed that was there.

"It's news about you all over the castle, Lady...?"

Castle? Zezi had thought it was a Castle the first time she had seen it but to hear someone tell her, it sounded a little strange.

"Zezi." She reached to the trolley too, setting out the plates.

"You are not as cold as I had thought," she noted. "I'm Gwen and I most definitely will be telling my kids about the King's mate tonight. Oh, they are going to love it."

Zezi didn't know how to handle this sort of happiness. Not after she had just had to leave her own family. The urge to see her family again rushed over her and she pressed her fork a little too hard against the chicken.

"I heard of the circumstances surrounding your presence," Gwen's voice drew her out of her thoughts. Zezi looked up at her then, observing the pity in Gwen's eyes.
"I know how painful it must be. Sorry."

It was hard to battle with her tears. She nodded, not saying a word simply because she couldn't. 

Gwen finished setting up the table and Zezi resumed to her food. The only comfort she got from all these was that her sacrifice ensured that her family was alive, she hadn't dragged people down to their death for her.

Well except for that one werewolf. 

Her mind snapped at her. He had deserved it though. It was a game of Life and death and too bad that he had been the loser.

When Zezi ate the little her appetite could allow, she asked for a tour so she could find her way around the castle. Gwen was more than glad to help her. Although, Zezi couldn't help but note something strange about her. She couldn't put her finger on it but it was just there.

It had been a while now that Gwen had taken her touring the castle. She had come across the kitchen, library, dinning room and some other rooms that weren't that important. With each room they came across, disappointment set in. What she wanted was for Gwen to show her a place and tell her it was restricted. Now those rooms were the ones of importance to her right now. 

It could even be a chamber or a certain hallway. Those were the ones that mostly held the answers to an escape plan but so far, everything looked completely normal. Which baffled and annoyed her at the same time.

"...Oh, there she is. Beautiful and gentle Lady Delice. Milady!" Gwen's voice snapped Zezi out of her thoughts. 

Then she saw the woman that Gwen was greeting with so much excitement. She was the same woman back in her pack. The one who had brought in her daughter and offered her a smile. 

She was at one side of the hallway, a book in her hands while she spoke to a couple of maids with a gentle smile on her face. Just like Zezi had noted before, she had a certain calmness around her.

"Gwen!" Delice called back in  excitement. She walked towards them, smiling momentarily at Zezi to acknowledge her, but once again, Zezi didn't return the smile. 

She was no fool. She knew that beneath that smile, was what they all truly were.

Monsters.

"Thank you so much for your help last time, my kids really loved the books. My mate and I had such a peaceful time with them occupied."

"Gwen!" Delice's eyes flew wide dramatically and Gwen chuckled. Gwen's eyes filled with pity suddenly. 

"Sorry about..."

Delice immediately shook her head.
"Please, don't. Things happen."

Zezi took note of that. She found curiosity seeping into her slowly.

Sorry about what? What had happened? 

Delice looked behind Gwen where Zezi stood and smiled once again.
"Welcome to Lavida, I hope you like it here," she started walking away then she stopped. "Sorry about... your family."

Zezi shrugged. She wasn't going to be taking pity from these monsters. She knew what they were capable of, she had seen it all first-hand.
"Things happen."

"They sure do," Delice left then. 

Gwen had sensed the tension but decided that it would be wise not to make a comment on it.

"Next, the Ballroom!"

The ballroom looked entirely busy. There were people working everywhere. She couldn't really tell if they were pulling down the decorations or just giving it a finishing touch.

"Preparing for a Ball?

"Oh no, not a Ball, a wedding."

Did she just say wedding?

"A wedding?"

"Yes. The King's wedding."


###chapter 11 - Within the Hallways
The words jammed into her head and her throat dried up immediately. 

This just couldn't be happening to her.

Gwen looked around, a little lost in the moment.
"It was supposed to be tomorrow but things happen anyway. Soon enough all these decorations will be gone."

Gone?

"What do you mean gone?"

Gwen snapped her lips shut. It was like as if she was chastising herself in her head for saying too much. Then she started a reluctant speech to get herself out of the mess she was tangled up in.

"The King was supposed to get married tomorrow but you are here now so..." She shrugged and chuckled nervously.

So there would indeed be a jealous lover to help her after all!

"To who?"

Gwen sigh uncomfortably, "will it be alright for you to know that? I mean, you won't be angry? You know this thing between mates, it can snap at..."

"I will be perfectly fine. Who was it?"

It took Gwen a moment of internal debate before she finally answered, "Lady Delice."

Zezi nodded slowly. 

So there was indeed something beneath that overly wide smile after all.

The next room had been the training room but Gwen didn't let them go in.

"I heard you are a war general, I assumed you might like weapons." Excitement danced in Gwen's eyes. 
"I have been saving the best for the last and I hope you like it," she squealed like a child.

Zize smiled broadly at her. She did love weapons and she did love the idea of this very much, "I do, very much."

"Oh, this is so great! I will tell..."

"Your kids and husband about this."

"Yes, I will. They will love to hear everything!" 

Gwen chuckled and Zezi found herself laughing too. If only she could just go home and tell her family about this too, like this was some dream that never happened. 

How nice would that be?

The rest of the tour was silent. Zezi kept taking notes of all the passageways and the many, many stairs. By the time they were done, she was tired. 

She retired back to her room and by now, it was already really late.

"Thank you, Gwen. Your company for the rest of the evening had been great."

"No. Thank you, my Lady. It was wonderful listening to your heart beat all evening. It has such a wonderful rhythm. I will tell my kids about it, they sure would love it," Gwen giggled.

"You are a vampire?" Zezi croacked out. 

"Of course, we all are. Except you, that is."

"But..." This was hard, she had been in such a comfortable space with her all evening only to discover that she was the same with them. "You don't look pale like them."

"Oh, my Lady. We only look pale when we've not had blood. Once we do, we look very much alive."

The thought sent her stomach rumbling not so pleasantly. 

They were all the same, all of them.

Gwen smiled, wishing her a goodnight. Then, she left.

Zezi pulled the door closed, stunned by Gwen's statement. She had been sure that she was human. Now that she thought about it, she had heard her talk to Delice about having a mate. 

How had she not connected the dots? 

From now on, she decided not to judge anything by how they looked but instead, study them carefully.

The next day, Zezi came down to the kitchen herself. The kitchen staff were nice but it didn't shake Zezi out of the fact that she was in captivity. True, she had surrendered herself but she had done that because she had no other choice.

She went up to the Training Room right after that. It was sort of empty. 

Maybe people didn't really train around this time. Back in her pack, the Capital of Teeland, people trained any day, all day. 

She missed home, she missed family. 

She caressed George's mark on her neck and she let her promise of going back ring over and over again in her head.

Then she made it into a section of the rooms. There were different weapons hung on the walls, even different types of guns.

"She isn't the book type, I see."

A voice drawled with a dark chuckled. She knew that voice!

Zezi turned abruptly to see the one person she had guess it would be.

Laura.

"And she isn't the pleasant type, I see," a sly grin crossed Zezi's lips and it was obvious that Laura didn't like the tone. 

"I am. I just don't like you."

"Beautiful and blunt. We don't get the double B's often."

Amusement set in Laura's eyes at that statement.

"You sound just like the type I would roll with but that doesn't change anything." Laura started walking towards the wall, letting her hands brush lightly against the weapons.
"Your place here is wrong!"

She flung a knife towards Zezi who quickly side-stepped it. The knife dug firmly into the wall behind her instead. If she had been distracted for just a moment, that would have been her. 

Anger stirred in her veins. She looked up at Laura who looked a bit disappointed.

She had been right, they were monsters. 

"You are just a little inconvience. It will only be a matter of time till your luck runs out. Whatever spell you have casted on my brother to make him think that you are his mate will be fading off soon, I can promise you that. Doesn't it not sound ridiculous? You are a wolf and he is a vampire! How absorb!"

"I agree. It has to be a spell. Break it, I want to be free from all of these too."

"Do you take me for a fool?"

"You can't blame me. You did sound foolish a while back there. Because why would I leave everything I love and bound myself to a monster?"

A knife flew swiftly in the air at the mention of 'monster'.  This time though it nipped at Zezi's shoulder, slashing a little of her flesh. She grimaced at the blood but she had no regrets. The slash had been worth it because she had attacked too.

Laura looked back at her in anger while she nursed her own injured arm which was healing all too quickly. Red flashed in her eyes for a moment before she restrained herself.
"You won't be so lucky next time."

"There will be a next time? Sounds like fun."

Laura siezed her up again before she shook her head, "you are nothing compared to Delice, you will never be able to replace her."

*****

The wound wasn't easy to nurse though. A cut from silver healed a lot slower. Gwen had helped her dress it. Something Zezi wasn't all too comfortable with now that she knew what she was, but the process had gone down well anyway.

Zezi went out again, touring and taking note of every hallway, burning them into her memory.
She must have wandered too far by now but she really didn't bother, she was determined to have the whole map of the castle in her head by the end of today, and if she came across any problem, she wouldn't hesitate to shift into her wolf and fight even if she knew that she might not come out alive.

While she toured, Zezi came across one hallway in particular, one that her instincts told her to stay away from. She didn't need to be told it was a restricted area, it was like she could feel it the very moment she came across it but she went in anyways. 

Wasn't this what she had been hoping to find? Maybe there would be a door at the end that led outside? A passage, perhaps? Now wouldn't that just be absolutely lucky?

Whatever she had hoped for wasn't what she got though. There, some distance away from here, in the dimly lit hallway, were four men talking in a hushed tone outside a door. The atmosphere seemed tensed and for some reasons she suddenly felt fear. 

Her mind screamed at her to run but she couldn't. It was like her feet had a mind of their own and her curiosity drove her relentlessly. Asides all these, it felt like there was something there that was pulling her in, tugging at her heart and compelling her. She found herself making her way closer to the little tensed gathering. They hadn't noticed her yet and she was hoping that it would stay that way.

One of the men suddenly dropped down on his kneels, his hands on his neck while he growled in pain. She couldn't really see clearly so she moved closer and her heart raced at what she saw.

His eyes had been rolled back, plain white while he jerked vehemently like life was leaving him. His body folding into impossible curls in his struggle.

She looked up from the man and the eyes she saw next stilled her to where she was.

It was him.


###chapter 12 - Something About His Royal Majesty
Just like his eyes were when they were in the car, they were flashing from red to black and those black veins hazardously lined his face, down to his neck where the robe started covering the rest.

She stepped back slowly in fear.

The fear she felt for him was overpowering, more than even the bond she couldn't fight.

A cold hand grabbed her from behind and she turned, startled.

"You shouldn't be here."

It was Gwen but it wasn't the sunshine Gwen. This Gwen had something dark and monstrous in her eyes as she pulled her away from the hallway.

"You shouldn't have come here."

Zezi looked back at the man lying on the floor. He had black blood oozing out of his mouth, a sharp contrast with the sparkling clean white tile. His eyes had also been permanently rolled back, leaving a plain whiteness in its wake. His body stiff as he gave his last fight and suddenly he went limp.

She looked back up at him and she immediately felt trapped because no longer could she look away. The compelling bond and fear tussled into one, each one trying hard to overpower her.

She wanted to look away, so badly but she couldn't. It was like she enjoyed and feared what was going on with her at the same time. It baffled her. He didn't look away either, not for even a second.

So locked remained their gaze till Gwen dragged her completely out of the hallway and she couldn't see him anymore. 

When they got to the room, she still felt dazed. 

That dark aura around him terrified her to her very bones.

That aura of death.

"You shouldn't have gone there at all. I should have been there to stop you," Gwen mumbled to herself.

"What was that? What had happened back there?" Zezi finally found her voice.

Gwen stopped for a while and stared at her. Her gaze was cold, nothing like the one that had welcomed her and she had felt at home with.

"I can't tell you."

"So all of you kill without touching your victims?"

"Not all of us and vampires don't die, we are immortals."

"But he died!" Zezi snapped. She felt like she was slowly losing it. It wasn't safe here, it wasn't safe at all.
"He died. Except if he didn't. Except if there was another way. Except if he wasn't."

"Don't trouble yourself about it, My Lady. It will do you no good. It is best you act like it never happened." Gwen started leaving but Zezi's brain was working really fast and before she could close the door, Zezi ran at wolf speed and pushed it back.

"What is your King? He is no ordinary vampire, is he?"

Gwen stared at her coldly for a while before she spoke, "the King of all vampires is no ordinary vampire." 

Without another word, she left.

Zezi locked the door shut, then made her way to her bed. 

Why did it feel like that statement meant a lot more?

*****

The next morning, Zezi had awoken by a knock. She opened the door and there was Gwen wheeling in a trolley with a smile plastered on her face. Not any of that cold look she had on yesterday. It was like that person was entirely gone or had never even existed to begin with.

"Rise and shine, my Lady!"

Zezi nodded curtly then dashed into the bathroom to freshen up. While she did that, she heard Gwen talking as she set the food on the table.

"...I tell my kids all the time that an early to rise is always an early to shine. How about that?"

Zezi didn't spend so much time in the bathroom. Immediately Gwen was done setting the table, she was already out with a clean dress on her. 

"That was fast. You are indeed surprising."

Zezi stared uneasily at Gwen, comparing the cold one that had held her hand in the hallway to the one that stood by the table with a large smile. 

This just didn't feel right. 

She took note of the long sleeve that Gwen wore, contrary to the short-sleeved flowery dress that Zezi had seen her wear for the few days that she had been there.

"The food is going to get cold."

Zezi made her way to the table, sat down and sucked in a deep breath. The aroma of the food was absolutely enticing. 

"Enjoy your meal," Gwen said, turning to leave.

"About yesterday..."

"Yesterday?" Gwen chuckled.
"What about yesterday?"

There was something about her face and that large smile that seemed totally out of place.

"Tell me what happened in that hallway, Gwen. I need to know."

"What hallway?"

Zezi stared back at her but something she saw in her blank eyes made Zezi's heart race.

It was like as if she had forgotten. 

Zezi would give anything to be able to listen to her heartbeat right now and determine if this was all a big facade but...

Gwen had no beating heart. 

The more she stared at Gwen, the more worried Zezi became. 

Had they done something to her? What exactly had she walked in on to make them alter Gwen's memory? Or maybe she was just really good at lying. 

Well, that could be it.

"I know you told me to pretend it never happened but..."

"I don't know what you are talking about, Lady Zezi." Gwen's eyes furrowed in confusion. 
"Maybe this new environment has your mind mixed up. If you are finding problems adjusting, just tell me and I will tell the King. Or you could just tell him yourself," Gwen winked mischievously, her voice hinting at something entirely different.
"I wonder how that would go down."

Excitement rushed in Zezi's veins before she blinked quickly, banishing the thoughts that had ambushed her mind against her will.

For a brief moment right there, she had imagined Gwen's last statement.

Imagined how it would go down. 

She was mad at herself for even thinking it. She felt digusted with the raw thoughts that had flashed in her mind. 

How dare her mind bring up such images with a Monster!

"Forget I asked," Zezi finally said, giving up. She was certain about what she saw though.

Her only conclusion was that they had most definitely altered Gwen's memory.

"Alright then. It's going to happen sooner or later. It definitely will happen." Gwen said on a teasing note while she wheeled the trolley past her.

Zezi definitely didn't agree with her statement and she had turned from her food to air her thoughts when those long sleeves Gwen wore caught her eyes once again.

She squinted at it and without a word, reached for Gwen's hand that was closest to her and ripped the sleeves off. 

Gwen immediately stopped. 

Marks! Long red marks of whips that stretched up Gwen's plump skin. 

Zezi gasped in horror and stood up immediately making her seat fall back. She traced those marks with her eyes. 

They seem to run on and on till she couldn't finally see them anymore, till the gown Gwen wore buried the rest. 

Her body must be full of them.

Those horribly looking marks!

That must be the reason why she was wearing such an overflowing dress.

She must have been punished but Vampires don't scar that easily. They heal quickly, even faster than werewolves. Whatever she had been punished with was no ordinary thing. 

Then her mind flashed to what she must have been punished for and her heart sanked. 

She looked up at Gwen whose eyes were cold once again, just like that night in the hallway. 

She snatched the piece of cloth from Zezi, her hand holding the handle of the trolley in a death grip.

"What did he do to you?"

"Nothing compared to what he will do to me if you ever wander so far that hallway again, my Lady. You don't have to worry anyway, you don't have to worry about anything. Just don't delve too deep, sometimes not knowing is bliss."

"Gwen."

Her eyes switched again and a smile plastered on her face.
"Your food is getting cold, my Lady. Enjoy your meal." 

This time around, Zezi wasn't confused. They had not done anything to her memory instead they had punished her. Zezi picked up her chair and sat back down, her brain thinking fast.

She knew what she needed to do.

What had happened in that hallway wasn't anything ordinary, probably something bigger than she had suspected. Most likely something she shouldn't have ever walked in on.

These creatures were dangerous and she needed to get out of here while she still had her life. 

Although, she knew that the King would never allow any misfortune to befall her but to her, he was already the biggest misfortune that could have ever befallen her.

It was him she needed to run away from.


###chapter 13 - At the Door
Gwen started wheeling away the empty trolley out silently before Zezi's voice stopped her.

"Hmm, Gwen?"

"Yes, my Lady," there was a determination in her eyes like she was ready to keep on her act even if it would kill her.

"I need a book and a pen or pencils, anyone. It is boring not doing anything in here all day."

"That?" Excitement sparkled in Gwen's eyes. "I'll get it for you. Are you perhaps a writer or an artist?"

"Both, if stick figures are considered exquisite art and if short bedtime stories are considered powerful books."

"Oh you are so funny, my Lady," Gwen chuckled uncontrollably. "I'll tell my kids and husband about this. They sure would love it."

"They sure would."

"Anything else?"

"No, that will be all."

Gwen gave her another bright smile before wheeling the empty trolley out and closing the door. Immediately, Zezi saw the door closed, she sucked in a deep breath. She didn't even know that she was holding her breath all that while. 

The long marks she saw on Gwen's hand flashed in her mind and she shivered.

She had to get out of here real soon and that book and pen will come handy in mapping out her escape.

Whatever had happened back in that hallway was none of her business to find out. Her one and only business right now, was her escape plan. 

*****

Gwen had brought her the things she asked for quickly, the moment she left, Zezi locked the doors and got down to work. She immediately started mapping out each hallway she could remember and connecting them together. What she remembered wasn't enough though, because the more she tried to fix up a way that she could leave, the very fact that she didn't know a way that led outside except through the front door, was a big hole in her plans. 

She quickly went down to the kitchen and had a small chat with the kitchen staff. They were all friendly to her as usual. They were even happier that she had been the one to strick a conversation with them first. She tried to twist her questions in a way that she wouldn't be suspected. Her primary aim was to know if there was any way out but the conversation proved futile. Although they hadn't suspected her, their answers didn't help her at all.

One even suggested that if she wanted to go on a tour round the kingdom, that she should ask the King and he would readily oblige.

A suggestion she had passed off with a nervous smile. 

Knowing that nothing would come out of this, she had rushed back up to her room and gotten back to her plotting.

Page after page and it was all the same. She tore out the pages, crossing out the plans that led to a certain failure. Tears streamed down her cheeks. She couldn't stay here, she knew she couldn't stay here.

She sat down and continued plotting again, scribbling down everything she could remember madly. Her eyes danced with desperation as her hands tightened on the pen. She heard Gwen call out for her but she refused to answer the door, her presence would only distract her and she really didn't need that right now.

Soon, Gwen was gone and it was silent once again. 

She stood up, her eyes squinting while she roamed around the room. Trying to see if there was something that she could remember that would help her plans, but there was nothing. 

A cry of desperation rang out from her throat then. She reached out for her book and flung it at the door, then fell on her kneels, next to the bed, and wept. 

"I want to go home," she mumbled to herself, her voice choked with tears. She drew the pillow close, like it could fill up the hallow void that was growing in her. "George, I want to go home. Oh, Mira. Oh my daughter. I want to go home. I can't stay here, I don't want to stay here."

Her hands flew up to the mark on her neck, finding comfort in it, but somehow, it wasn't enough.
She cried ceaselessly to herself till her body was shaking from how hard she was crying. Then she heard her door creak open and her eyes flew to the door immediately.

The door was firmly shut. 

Zezi stood up, her body swayed from weakness and her eyes ached badly but she forced herself to walk up to the door. She flung it open but there was no one there, even the hallway was empty. 

As she locked the doors, confusion settled in her stomach.

Someone had definitely been there and she was sure it wasn't Gwen. 

She turned the locked in the door, tried the handle to ensure it was shut. She remembered locking the door before too.

The person that had been here must had definitely had a key and she couldn't think of anyone who that could possibly be except the King.

*****

When she woke up she found herself in a broken state. Papers littered everywhere, her body aching from the awkward state she had fallen asleep in. 

She sprung up immediately and started fixing it. Gwen or anyone would be here any minute, and she didn't want her walking in on this. When she was done, she went to the bathroom and freshened up. 

It didn't take long for her to get out. With a towel wrapped around her, she tried to search for the gown that would fit her mood today. She was determined to put herself in a productive mood. Being sad and desperate like yesterday would only cloud her judgement. Escaping was no easy and fast game. 

Soon, the knock came.

It must be Gwen with the trolley again. She closed the wardrobe to get to the door quickly. She turned the key and unlock the door.

"Just set the table while I find something to wear, I'll be real..." the words died in her throat at who she saw.

It wasn't Gwen.


###chapter 14 - Dangers of the Mark
Her hand tightened around the doorknob while the other tightened around her towel. He stood there by the door rigid, his eyes on her. Taking note of her wet hair and her very exposed neck. His eyes darted to the mark and once again, something ticked in his jaws.

"I thought you were Gwen," she managed to say but he said nothing, his eyes turning darker and darker with every lingering moment.

She wanted to close the door. Fear rushed through her veins then as the image of what she saw in the hallway cross through her mind. She wanted to sink into herself and stay far away from him yet she couldn't even close the freaking door?! Why couldn't she just look away from his burning gaze? It was like as if her feelings were out of her reigns of control, compelling her and drawing her to him. Yet there was fear, a large tussling fear.

She heard someone coming up the door at that moment and he did too. 

"Your Majesty, I was just wondering..." A male voice started to say but before the person could get to the door, the door slammed shut in her face.

She staggered back then, regaining her composure. She didn't allowed herself to think of how stupid she must have looked back then or chastise herself for being lost in the eyes of a monster as always, nor could she process the fear and try to calm herself down. That would just be a waste of time and that wasn't going to do her any good right now. 

She found a dress and pulled it over her head, when she was done. She went to the door and pulled it opened. Before he even took a step in, she went back immediately, leaving between them a good amount of space. He noticed but he stepped in anyways, followed by a man that looked a lot older. He was lean and had glasses that sat on the bridge of his nose. It looked like his eyes were running deep into his skull, like they've seen too much. He must have been the one talking some moments ago.

"Lady Zezi, I have heard so much about you," the man started.

"Good things, I hope?"

He must be one of them, one of those monsters but he looked like a doctor, the white coat on it screamed it already, and it was always wise to make friends with doctors wherever you go. 

"I am Doctor Bruce."

Zezi smiled and took the shake. It was firm and short, his skin was a little wrinkly too. How old was he? A thousand years?

With each movement she made, she could feel his gaze on her neck. Her hand came up slowly to cover George's mark, she suddenly felt protective of it. Something about the way he looked at it made her really worried and afraid.

"Get it off her." 

She heard his voice interrupt whatever speech Doctor Bruce was starting to give her about how wonderful a Kingdom Lavida was.

It was soronous to her ears and it held so much power. It was almost as if she had missed it.

"Your Majesty, I need..."

"Get that mark off her immediately. I hate it."

Zezi staggered back, her back coming in contact with the wall. She placed her hand over the mark on her neck and looked up at him. He was far away by the window but she still felt like he was so close to her, like she could even reach out and touch. She indeed felt fear for him, not the coldness, and hatred in his eyes made her flinch. 

He wanted them to break the bond she had with George. She had to do something and she had to do it quick. If this bond came off, then there would be nothing restraining her from falling into the power of the mate bond she had with the King. There would be nothing controlling her. All hell would break lose.

"No!" She squealed out, frightened.

He arched an eyebrow at her. A silent question of if she was challenging him on this.

She was! She was also willing to face the consequences whatever that might be.

"He is my mate."

"One you chose," he corrected, his voice cold. "Breaking the bond will not kill you, nor him. You are not real mates after all."

Zezi gave a short mocking laughter and something in his eyes flickered. She could have sworn that it was confusion.

"Is that what they told you? George is my real mate, the bond we share was given to us by the Moon Goddess. You know what is wrong? This thing that is happening right here," she gestured her hand between them.

"This is what is wrong. I cannot have another mate since I already have one mate. Don't you think about it? We are of two different kinds, why would we be mates? Whatever we have isn't a mate bond, it is a mistake."

After her statement, the room felt suddenly cold and silence reign. Her hand tightened on that part of her neck and she looked straight at him, while she ensured her heart wasn't racing wildly. 

It was hard to tell what he was thinking.

Did he believe her? She couldn't tell, but there was one thing that she could see in his eyes. It was anger, one that she couldn't explain. One that burnt everything in its path.

He stood up straight, pushing away from the wall he had leaned against, and she immediately became on guard but contrary to what she thought, he didn't come close to her. He only tucked his hands into his pockets and nodded slightly, burying his emotions as always.

"Run the tests," he said, his eyes still on her. 

"No! George is my mate! If you do this it will kill him, it will kill him!" She begged desperately, trying hard to get away from the approaching doctor. Some nurses busted in, she could feel them doing something to her amidst her struggles, but she couldn't tell what.

Soon her struggles dwindled, till it finally stopped, her eyes clouding over before she finally fell unconscious.


###chapter 15 - Surrender
Zezi woke up to the smell of drugs and the sharp smell of antiseptics. She found herself on a bed that wasn't all too familiar and within four walls that she didn't know.

Her sight was a little blurry, while she tried hard to take in everything she could see. There was a man by the window. She couldn't see him clearly, he had his back turned to her and the light from the window made it hard to be accurate. Joy spurred through her heart when the image came close to the one she had in her mind. A kind of fire laced her skin.

Was all that happened to her a dream, a nightmare she had finally been able to get away from? Had she been knocked out during training, and now waking up in the hospital of her pack?

She looked up at the person by the window side again. The fire that crossed through her fire, igniting the longer she stared at him. 

Strange. 

She did love George but never had her body reacted towards him. 

This was absolutely new feeling, she loved it. 

"George..." She croacked out faintly and the man turned around but he didn't move closer towards her.

It annoyed her. 

Why was he keeping his distance.  

That was very unlike George.

She raised her hand up to touch him but he was too far by the window side.

"George...?" 

But the response she was getting from this person made her started rethinking everything.

Maybe this wasn't George. But then, if this wasn't George, then who could it possibly be?

Shs heard the door flung open, then a voice.

"Your Majesty, she is awake!"

"I can see that."

That voice.

Not the first one. 

The second. 

That voice. 

She knew that voice. It came back to her then, everything. So it wasn't a dream after all, it had all been real.

She coughed lightly and the doctor handed her a glass of water. 

She closed her eyes, gulping down the water to quenched a thirst she was only now realizing that she had.

When she opened her eyes, she could see better this time. Her sight was still a little blurry though.

"How long?"

"Just four hours." The doctor said passively. "Gwen will be here soon to get you your food."

They heard the door creak open and they both turned to the door.

"You are leaving so soon, your Majesty. Won't you like to stay a little longer with your mate?"

His mate.

Those words seeped through Zezi's ears, she dropped the empty cup on her bed frantically, and her hand immediately went up her neck. She signed in relief when she felt the tender mark on her skin still there, a smile streched out on her lips.

"I have other things to attend to." An angry voice cut her out of her thoughts. Before she could look at the door he was gone and for reasons that she couldn't understand, a sort of sadness tugged at her heart. 

Now what exactly was going on with her. She couldn't be feeling pity for this Monster now, could she?

*****

Zezi hated being in the hospital. It had this smell that reminded her of too many things that she wanted to forget. 

She unlocked her doors and pushed it open with a smile. She didn't know what they had done to her in the hospital but what was important was that they hadn't taken George's mark away from her. Now all she had to do was go in and continue her plan on escaping from this hell hole. 

Her smile disappeared soon though for next to her bed, with her escape plan in his hand was the King, and he didn't look pleased.

"You are quite the artist." He commented.

Zezi staggered back, she didn't want this. Her brain took in the important fact that they were alone and her heart thundered in her chest.

"But your plan lacks fundamental details. You will never make it out of here with this." He placed the book gently on her bed. Then turned back to her. He fiddled with his robe as if to adjust it or smoothen it out, which was unnecessary because it was already perfect.

With each step he took, she took two steps back but this time he didn't stop, he instead came closer and closer. Her brain was thinking fast, her heart was pondering in her ears, her body heating up, that annoying but now familiar fire crossing through her veins again.

Between this fear and this bond, one would surely overcome her eventually but she didn't want to find out which one it would be. 

Her back came in contact with the door soon. She fiddled with the keys she still had in her hand, trying to reach the lock without taking her eyes off the enemy. She finally did, the key slid into the lock but before she could turn it, his cold hands were already on her, pulling the key away from her grip.

Her heart raced, the closeness was over powering. One that wrestled with the fear and made her weak. The images of what the vampires did to her family flashed before her eyes, so did the fearful images of him in the hallway and in the car. Her breath caught in her throat and she tried hard to sink deeper into herself. She wished the door could just swallow her and spit her out on the other side.

She heard a low growl rumble through his chest then and her eyes flew up to look at him. Once again, she was trapped. She could feel it, the fire crossing through her veins, the heat radiating between them and his hand on hers was no longer cold. It felt warm with life. 

Her eyes took in the fine features of his face and she suddenly felt like touching him. She wanted to feel his skin beneath her palm, wanted to run her hands through his night black hair.

She imagined how it would feel if she grabbed it in her fist and pulled it to the point that was next to pain.

Imagined how that might make him feel.

He was close, too close. His scent filling her nostrils despite her intial motive to resist, wrestling with her senses for domination.

Too much.

It was taking over her brain.


###chapter 16 - A Costly Request
The mark on her neck felt hot suddenly like fire on her skin, snapping her out of her thoughts making her growl in pain. 

The torturous moment lasted for only a split second but it had been so painful. When it was over, her chest was raising and falling while she blinked in confusion. Her burning gaze on the tiled floor.

'That had never happened before,' she thought as she threw her hand over the mark. It felt unnaturally warm against her palm. 

It must have been her thoughts? That was why it must have happened.
How lost in thoughts had she been? Maybe that wasn't the right question. How much of the bond had she allowed to consume her?

"Stop thinking you can leave this place, I won't let it happen."

She looked up at him immediately, his eyes were brewing with anger once again.

She processed his words slowly while his hand left hers on the door lock and he backed away like it was a difficult thing for him to do. 

The distance between them made her think clearly now and her eyes widened when she finally processed the implication of his words.

"No!" Her voice cut through the room.
"I have to see them." She cried out desperately. She didn't know what it was. Maybe it was the frustration of knowing that what he said was true or the burning need for her to see her family one again. She didn't know but whatever it was, went through every inch of her body and made her weak.

"No! I need... I need to see them."

He stepped away from her and she followed after him. She was desperate now, whatever came over her, she didn't know. 

"Please, let me go to them. I can't stay here. I need to see my daughter! I need to see the people I love." 

They were away from the door now and he had gone back to take the book. She cried after him, begging. When he tried to turn away, her hands clasped upon his arm. The move had been sloppy and although she was able to hold upon him she had fallen to her kneels. He stopped abruptly.

"Please. This can never work, we are not the same. Just let me go back to my family." Tears rolled down her checks. 

His hand reached for hers, rough against her own then he slowly loosened her grip on him and soon she wasn't holding him anymore.

She stood up slowly, there was a wreaking weakness battling with her but she was done begging. She nodded in defeat while she strode back to bed but she never made it there. The weakness sent her crashing through the air. The last thing she remembered was someone holding her, the usual fire in her veins then a farmiliar darkness.

*****

"How much longer am I going to have to watch her like this?" 

It had been a whole day since she fainted and from the looks of things, nothing was improving. They were back in the hospital again. 

The King stood by the window, watching her chest raise and fall faintly.

"Was it the test? Did you run the test well?" He asked for the umpteenth time and Doctor Bruce shook his head. 

"Definitely not the test. We have done everything medically possible. Her wolf is fine, I think the problem is just her."

"Tell me what exactly is wrong."

"She is caught up in a void that she has built up for herself, like a safe space. She is having a hard time adjusting to all these and now she has trapped herself in a dream. It is a sort of coping mechanism. Only rare werewolves have the ability to do this." He repeated the words he had said a while ago.

The King nodded, he had hoped Doctor Bruce would say something different but it was just the same.

"Like I said, your Majesty, if she wanted to see her family so badly then maybe you shou..."

"No." He growled in warning and Doctor Bruce kept his mouth shut.

The King fumbled with his robe once again before running a hand through his hair. He was tired and although he was a master at hiding what he felt, he was having trouble hiding this one.

Then he looked up at the doctor firmly.

"Do whatever you must to get her out of this state."

"Yes, your Majesty."

*****

It was safe in her head, safe in the dream she had trapped herself in. She was back in her pack with George and her daughter. It was a time before the war, before the uprising even started. 

It was beautiful, it was safe.

But it didn't last long because soon the images started vading away. She looked around in confusion, trying hard to grab upto the things that were disappearing. The first person to fade into the growing darkness was Aunt Alice, followed by everyone else. 

"No, no, no! I said no! Stop!"

She felt herself falling into the very void of loss she was running away from. She could hear someone calling but that voice quickly became overshadowed with the noise of war.

It was that night again. The night when she was 14. She could see the vampires going round, sucking the life away from each werewolf they grabbed. She could feel her legs aching from running too much.  She was trapped in this nightmare once again, reliving it all over again.

It wasn't good in here. 

Her head hurt and tears ran down her face. She saw her parents finally, those who sacrificed their lives for her so that she could get away. She watched them die while she stood in hiding, her heart bleeding.

"Zezi!" A voice called out to her. 

The pain was hitting into her head, crushing her heart.

"Zezi!" The voice was louder this time, it pulled her out of her nightmare and soon she was back in her environment.

Panting, trying hard to catch her breath. She could hear the loud beeping in the hospital ward, her eyes roamed across the room trying to adjust to the light. She could feel someone drop her hands slowly but before she turn to see who it was, she saw someone else. 

Her daughter right by her bed side and George some distance away, his hand holding hers.


###chapter 17 - An Unforseen Threat
"How is it that you are here?" Zezi asked immediately they were left alone. She hugged her daughter once again. It was like she just couldn't get enough. "I can't believe this."

"I didn't believe it too when Alpha Gery summoned me and said that the BloodSuckers' King had requested for us. We were brought here immediately. Blindfolded and all."

"I missed you so much," she said and grabbed his hand tighter.

"I missed you too."

"When are you coming back home, Mummy?" Mira, who sat by Zezi's bedside, asked. 

"Hmmm... soon."

"My friends said, their Mummy and Daddy said, they are not coming back."

"Don't listen to them. They don't know what they are saying," George answered, seeing that Zezi was at a lose of what to say. "Mummy and Daddy wants to talk. How about you stay over there and play with Teddy while you wait for us."

"Yes, Daddy." 

Mira hoped off the bed, leaving them alone.

"The Doctor said you got to a breaking point and crashed. Are they hurting you here, Zezi?" He asked with the most tender affection in his eyes that were absolutely filled with worry.

Despite herself, she found herself chuckling at his question. 

"Definitely not."

His hands snaked around her, pulling her into a firm embrace.

"I have missed you so much," he sniffed her in, "so much."

He let her go.

"These past few days have been hard without you. It is so hard coming up with excuses for Mira. Aunt Alice is still being helpful but it is rough on her too. She misses you."

"I do too. It has been hard for me too. So hard."

"How does he still let you have that?" He gestured to the mark. 

"I lied to him about us being true mates."

"I don't think he will believe that. You can't have two mates, everyone knows that."

"Don't worry about it. I think he believes me."

He pulled away a little, then bent towards her neck sniffing her in his lips brushed against her mark while he mumbled, "I have I have missed oh so much."

This should be calming, this should be bliss, but for some reasons, it wasn't.

She found herself pulling away from his embrace, but he was so engrossed in how much he had missed her that he hadn't taken note of her action. He  placed a finger underneath her chin, so that she could look up at him. Then he leaned in for a kiss, she leaned too, but just when they were close enough to seal their lips together, those black eyes flashed her mind and she pulled away instantly.

George watched her in confusion.

"I can't."

"Why?" His voice was laced with seething rage and a tinge of disgust. "You've accepted your fate as a Bloodsuckers mate?"

Anger brew inside her for some reasons. 

"That is not it. I just... I can't."

She couldn't explain it. How could she explain what she couldn't even understand?

He straightened up, his face still filled with a shadow of anger.

"Do you still want to come back home? Your promise, remember?"

"Of course, George!" She answered in a harsh whisper, defending herself against George's tone. 

"I was hoping you would say that."

He winked at her and she chuckled lightly. 

"I have been making plans, my love." He sat at one small part of the bed, his eyes twinkling with mischief. "If you can can make sure you pull some stunts to have me here a couple more times, then I can map it all out." Then he added with an overconfident certainty. "It will work."

"I don't know about that, George."

She hadn't been here for too long but even she doubt the possibility of her ever escaping. 

A glare crossed George's face and he held one part of the bedsheet in a death grip. 

"Do you want to spend the rest of your life bounded to a monster or do you want to come back home and live with us, with Mira."

Zezi instinctively turned her head to looked at the right corner of the ward, where her daughter was playing with her favorite brown teddy, while seated on a long chair that she was seeing for the first time. 

"Remember what they did to us. There is no way you could possibly pick those monsters over your family."

The memory of what had happened that night when she was 14 flashed before her eyes, and she shook her head, her face filled with a frown, her hands tightened into fists and her nails dug into her palms.

"I want to come home," she gritted. "You know that."

"I do."

His face relaxed, he gave her another wink, but this time, she didn't chuckle.  

"I was having that nightmare again."

George sighed. 

"Again?"

"Yes." She gulped, nodding lightly. "I heard your voice and it brought me back to life." She reached her hand up to him and caressed his face, her eyes pools of gratitude. "You always save me every time. Thank you."

He placed his hand over hers, but he didn't look quite pleased. Something Zezi had found absolutely confusing.

"It wasn't my voice you heard."

"What?"

That was impossible. She had heard a male's voice while having that nightmare and she was certain that voice was his. That same voice that saved her from that nightmare so many times in the past.

Only his voice and Mira were able to do that. So what was he saying?

"You didn't even react to my voice at all, nor to Mira's." His voice dropped painfully low. "It was his voice."

"His... voice?"

That can't be right.

No way!

She tried to remember the voice she had heard and it played once again in her head. It truly didn't sound anything like George. It was deeper with that powerful dark aura. 

It was indeed him!

"We need to get you out of here," George's urgent voice snapped her out of her thoughts. He suddenly became restless, his chest racing and falling at the implication of what was happening and what could happen in future if nothing was done to stop it. 

"We have to do it quickly, my love. The more you stay around him, the stronger the bond grows. Soon, I am afraid, you won't be able to fight it anymore. Not even my Mark on you will be able to stop it."

Her head rang bells and suddenly it all grew silent. 

She could still hear George's voice though, like a faint whisper.

"I'm sure he knows."

Her hand crawled up to her mark slowly. 

That must be why she still had it. He knew that sooner or later it would be useless anyways. That soon enough, she would consumed by the bond and having it on would be hell for her. She could be the one begging him to claim her and take it away.

He was simply waiting, patiently.

Hr heart thundered at her discovery.

She couldn't let that happen.


###chapter 18 - Answers Might Kill
Zezi didn't need to pull any stunts to have George and Mira over. They were always brought to her twice in a week, like a drug prescription. It didn't take Zezi long to figure out that this must have been due to a mental health, something that the Doctor had prescribed and started how mandatory it was.

During their visits, George would spend time with her, then leave her and Mira to disappear into Moon Goddess knows where.

She knew he was trying to find a way for them to escape and many times she had been scared that he would get hurt, but the Moon Goddess must really be on their side, because he always returned safely to her.

She hadn't seen the King after that day though. It was like as if he was deliberately avoiding her. Zezi had no problem with that anyway. After that forced closeness they had shared in a room, she was determined to stay far away from him.

Not now when things were starting to look up for her. Not after she now had hope of finally leaving this dreaded place.

Doctor Bruce had firmly warned her to stay away from strenuous activities while he took care of her, so she wouldn't crash once again. This meant no training for her. So left with no other choice, she decided to explore the library.

The library was a huge one with good lighting and nice ventilation. It had long rows of high shelves and although they weren't colourful, they weren't dusty either. This meant that they took good care of their books.

She passed by an empty seat on her way in, a seat she persumed the Liberian should be seated in.

Zezi strolled into the Book Alley, her fingers brushing lightly against hardcover after hardcover. Picking some and flipping through, then putting them back on the shelves in their right placea, but not before taking in a sniff. 

They smelt like old books that survived the test of time.

Wonderful.

Zezi was no writer but she loved to read, something that she had stopped doing for a long time now because being a War General was highly time consuming. Not to talk of being one of the Capital of all Packs.

She continued her search for a book that could steal away her attention, and finally she found one.

Her eyes roamed the library, checking for a good window seat to aid her imagination.

"Time of Darkness, excellent choice."

She had a calm voice say from behind her and she almost jumped in her skin. She should have been used to this by now. They moved really quickly and their steps were usually silent.

The intruder was right in front of her in an instant.

Delice.

Something twinkled in her eyes as her they roamed the book cover.

"They were dark times indeed."

Zezi looked at the cover, it was just a black hardcover with 'Time of Darkness' written in a large zig-zag red font.

"What is the book about?"

"History." Delice shrugged while she picked a book off the shelves, putting another in its place. 

Wasn't that like, going to mess up the order of the books?

She had bigger things to worry about right now though.

"How long ago? A hundred years? Two years? A thousand?"

"10 years ago was the end of the datk times. It lasted more than that though." 

With a book in her hand, she started swaying to an empty seat by the window side. 

Filled with curiousity, Zezi followed.

"What had happened?" She asked, pulling back a chair to sit on, while Delice gracefully settled into the seat opposite her, a small table in-between them.

"We once had a King before His present Majesty. It was his Father and he ruled," her eyes stared on blankly like as if she was remembering something unpleasant. Her book was tight in her grip, her features was overshadowed by something that seemed like fear. 

It was too faint though, Zezi couldn't really tell.

Delice remained calm though, her voice even.

"With power. Dark power. He would attack different beings. Ones from the Underworld, ones that roamed the Earth, ones that flew above. Anything to have acquire more power, anything to control."

Then her voice became more quiet.

"He wanted so much power for himself, that he was willing to sacrifice his own."

Zezi leaned further towards the table and she asked quietly, "kill his kind? The vampires?"

Delice titled her head from one side to another.

"Yes but I meant his very own."

Zezi's eyes grew wide in realization and she leaned back into her seat. 

His son.

Reading the mood, Delice went on.

"During his time, there was so much chaos. Your kind must have suffered too. His last attack on your kind was on a large Pack in the North." Delice placed her book gently on the table, then she looked up at her once again, her lifeless and sympathetic eyes holding Zezi's gaze. "Ganov, was it?"

Zezi's head rang bells.

That was her home, somewhere far away from Teeland or here and that was ten years ago.

"After that attack, His Majesty faced his own father and killed him. It was a blessing upon us, a freedom."

A light smile of relief crossed Delice's face at that. 

As for Zezi, too many thoughts were running in the head.

"So you mean the King is... good?"

Delice frowned lightly, looking ahead yet not looking at her.

"Not good." She shook her head slightly, then smiled faintly. 

"To kill the kind of Monster that his father was, on one could be good."

Then she leaned over the table, towards Zezi slowly, like she didn't want to scare her. 

"Gwen told me about what you saw."

Zezi's heart raced. 

This must be about the hallway, about the King.

"For your sake and hers," cold hands curled around Zezi's that was on the table, flinching her away from her thoughts. "please do not wander so far again."

Zezi frowned, standing her ground.

"I have questions."

"You don't want their answers."


###chapter 19 - Taking Over Her
Zezi shifted uncomfortably in her seat, clearing her throat awkwardly as Delice stood away from her, with her usual gentle smile on her face.

"I heard you were supposed to get married to him."

At that question, Delice's grip tightened around her wrist slightly.

"Gwen sure loves to talk."

"Ouch, you are hurting me."

Delice quickly let go of Zezi's hand go with an apologetic smile.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to."

Zezi nodded, rubbing her wrists, not because of the pain because that had now faded away, but she just felt the need to keep herself slightly distracted.

"Does it hurt?" Zezi asked, looking up at her.

"It doesn't matter."

It was hard to read Delice's facial expression. It was ever gentle but the way her grip had tightened around Zezi's wrists earlier had given it all away.

She certainly had feelings for the King. Whatever it was, he was important to her. She wondered if the King considered Delice to be important to him too. 

A not so pleasant feeling settled at the base of her stomach and she pushed it away immediately.

Jealousy? No way!

George was right.

This forceful bond was really messing with her. 

She couldn't wait to finally get rid of it by getting away from here. She just hoped that George's plan would work. The last time they had visited, he had told her that he was making progress, and that soon, being here would be nothing but a mere memory.

She honestly couldn't wait.

"Your heart has a nice rhythm." Delice voice snapped her out of her train of thoughts and she instinctively crawled up her hand to her chest, where her heart was beating beneath, in a protective manner, like as if Delice was out to steal it from her. 

Delice's gaze burned at the back of her hand, a gentle smile still playing on her lips, before she finally spoke once again.

"It has been so long since I heard one beat."

"How old are you?"

It wasn't obvious, but Zezi had observed that Delice's eyes had brightened with interest.

"Just a little over hundred."

"Then why haven't you gotten married to him a long time ago? You could have, you had the time."

It took Zezi every strength in her not to be yelling right now.

Somehow, she felt like it was Delice's fault that she was stuck in this Moon Goddess forsaken situation. If she had been married to the King, then he would have been bounded to someone else. By the time he would finally find her, just as he had done now, the situation would have been all too complicated. So complicated that he would have thought that it all wasn't worth the complications of doing things any other way, asides from the way it already was.

This was all her fault!

Delice chuckled lightly. It was like the first real she had e er given since they had met. 

"I hope we talk like this some other time. I know you think we are monsters but..."

Zezi didn't let her finish.

"Gauva was my home."

"Oh."

"I hope you understand now. I can never see you as anything, but monsters."

***

A couple of days had passed after Zezi's conversation with Delice yet she still had this weird feeling, something she couldn't really describe.

As much as her thoughts were powerful enough to distract her, what she found more distracting was George's restlessness.

He stepped out of her room's door for the fifth time in 30 minutes before returning back to her. 

It was once again a visiting day.

Of all visiting days, this one was the one that made her feel scared for George the most. She didn't even know why.

"What are you doing?" She whispered, even though there was no other person in the room except for her daughter, who was playing with Teddy on the bed.

"The hallways are clear as I calculated."

He stoped in front of her. She was seating on the dressing chair and he rested his hand on the dressing table, leaning down towards her face.

"Quick," he said, hurrying over to Mira and carrying her in his arms. "Let's go."

"What?"

Despite her confusion, Zezi stood up from the dressing chair she had been seated in a moment ago and followed him.

In no time, they were outside, running down the hallway to the Moon Goddess knew where!

"What is going on, George?" Zezi asked, looking around.

The hallway seemed slightly empty, Zezi wondered why.

It was all so strange.

Suddenly George stopped and put Mira down. Zezi quickly picked her up, looking around like as if they could be caught at any moment, while George moved along the wall, pressing his ear to it. 

Her heart raced as she took in what he was doing. 

Was this really happening?

She brushed her daughter's hair, hugging her firmly.

"I have my car by the cave," George said quietly.

"And how do you supposed we get out?"

She pulled Mira closer protectively. 

Had George gone mad? They could easily be caught like this.

George moved back at that moment, a smile on his face before he started moving some things on the wall.

"If I'm right, they are having a dumb ritual ceremony thing at the moment. We have an hour to get out of here." He looked up at her with a smile on his face. "For two skilled werewolves like us, that is more than enough."

"How did you know that? About the ritual."

Zezi could hear little clicks, like things were falling right in place. Her heart raced.

It was indeed happening.

"I found it out." He winked at her, going on one kneel, and pressing his ear to the wall, listening. "All we have to do is get out this castle, blend into the crowd in the street and we will be here in a heartbeat."

It was official. George was crazy!

"You think they will not hear our heartbeats?"

He sighed, raising to his feet, to look up at her. 

"This ritual thing they are doing, makes them kind of high and their senses are slightly altered at this moment, making them just like us." He raised his hand, brushing Mira's hair lightly. 

"We would have to wait forever to get an opportunity like this again." His eyes darted to the mark on her neck and he frowned. "You know we don't have forever."

He was right. This was a risk they had to take. 

Her gaze followed him, as he fell to his kneels and his moving things around to unlock the passageway they had luckily found.

But she had one more question.

"What about the Weres back at home? What will the King do to them when he realizes I'm gone?"

"Nothing," George shrugged, "he won't think they planned this."

"What if he does? Didn't you say the ritual thing will alter their senses? What if he can't think straight and he goes right ahead to ambush them?"

George looked up at her. 

His face screaming 'you ain't helping'.

She knew, she really wanted to just agree with him and follow his plan. In fact, she had no idea why she was being so stubborn.

"My love," he whispered intimately, holding her gaze. "We should only worry about us. You, me and Mira. We are all that matters."

"George--" she started, wanting to disagree.

"Whatever doubt you are having right now is not you. It is the bond you share with him. It's trying to mess with your brain, his presence here is strong and it's affecting you."

Zezi blinked, remembering how strong the bond was.

Was it really the bond?

A click snapped her out of her thoughts and she looked sideways at the opened circular passage door came open.

She could hear a distant echo and she turned to the dark passageway, gulping as Mira held tighter upto her.

"Once you get far away from him, you will be you again." 

Two warm hands cupped her face and George pressed his lips against hers. 

She pulled away from him immediately, her eyes wild, her skin crawling with disgust.

George flinched, like as if burned. 

Zezi's lips parted from surprise.

Oh, no. 

The bond was really getting to her. 

"I need to get out of here," she whispered, scared as she headed straight to the passage way.


###chapter 20 - Sheep in Beast's Clothing
Getting through the passage was easy... in fact it had been suspiciously too easy.

Stepping out finally at the other side of the passage door, which was a small circular brick space on one of the sides of the high walls of the usually highly guarded Castle, Zezi was left stunned to see that George had been really accurate about the ritual that was going on.

She hadn't expected this degree of accuracy.

The streets were filled with vampires in different robes, mostly red, roaming about. George was quick to pull his family into the crowd and maneuver their way down to the cave with a speed of absolute urgency, which Zezi matched without a second thought.

Her heart was racing, almost like it would burst out of her chest at any moment and explode on the floor. 

What if her absence had been noticed? What if the vampire doctor had come for his regular check up of her and realized that they had gone missing? What if he had told the King? What if the King was coming after her with his clouded senses?

Oh goodness. She really hoped not.

What if Laura had been the one to notice? Laura hated her. What if she was coming to hunt her down right now? What if they were coming after them right now?

Ahhhh! 

Her paranoid mind was starting to get the better of her by the second.

She looked around as they speed across to see if anyone would notice them, or if anyone was after them, but the vampires looked dazed and a little disoriented, yet the fear of being caught that she felt was highly consuming. 

If they were caught what would happen to her? What would happen to her family?

She could feel her body shaking slightly and this wasn't because of the speed with which she was running, but the fear.

An absolute wreaking fear. 

It was clamping her throat and making it go dry. 

She needed a distraction and she needed it fast. 

She looked to her husband, as he led their escape path with Mira as he firmly held her to his chest with one hand, while with the other was firmly around her wrist.

She thought about what could be going through his mind as his hand held tightly unto the only two people he had in this world.

Oh her husband!

He was the bravest werewolf she knew. Always ready to fight through risk to save his own.

Just like he had saved her on the day these bloodthirsty monsters had attacked their pack. Just like he had always been saving her ever since then. 

He was always saving her.

She wished she could protect him from all of these just as he always protected her.

Her eyes went misty but she blinked her tears away quickly. Now more than ever, she needed her clear sight.

She smiled faintly at the sight of her daughter's shut eyes.

A happy sad smile.

It was a good thing she wasn't the one carrying Mira. If she was to be carrying her at this moment, her hold on her might be a death grip and got a child that was already sick, holding her that tight might let to something else.

Mira was just like that. 

Delicate. 

Sometimes the most unexpected things made her sickness worse. 

The fact that she wasn't already bedridden by now with everything that had been going on lately was a miracle.

She felt a jerk, pulling her backwards, her weight swayed, her boots hitting the ground before she held her position.

Right in front of her was the mouth of the cave.

"We are here," George said to her and she could fight the smile that stretched across her lips.

She couldn't believe it. 

"We have no time to stop and stare, my Love." George said with an underlaying chuckle.

He was finding all these exciting and as much as she was happy about this, there was something she remembered about this cave that didn't put her at ease.

"It has magic," she whispered hurriedly. "The vampires but something here. My link with the pack got--"

"I know, it happened to me too. But this is our only chance."

"What if something happens to us in there?"

"Whatever happens to us in there, my Love, will be better that whatever our fate will be if those bloodsucking monsters were to capture us again."

"I don't like monsters," Mira pitched in, in her childlike voice, at the recognition of that word that now seemed to have twice as much fear grip on her than before.

She must have been listening to George a lot lately, while he absentmindedly complained about her being here, away from them. She could already feel the effect of her absence in the lives of these two people she loved the most. 

"My Love. We have to go. Now." He pulled her gently along with him and she had no choice but to suppress her worry.

She flashed them both a smile.

"Let's go."

They stepped into the mouth of the darkness, awaiting any form of doom that loomed within the shadow of this cave, ready to fight it with every last strength they had. 

They carefully maneuvered their way through the echoing darkness, careful not to fall into any trap that the vampires might placed there.

The cave was like a maze, a couple of times, they had ended right back at the place they started. 

This increased how tensed Zezi felt, claiming that it was some sought of magic the vampires had placed there that was rendering their efforts furtile.

She didn't say it out loud not to scare her daughter, but George knew that what her claims implied. 

It meant that they might never be able to escape because the vampires had the cave spelled. 

As much as George wanted to stay calm and positive, the situation and Zezi's uneasiness was starting to get to him and his growing agitation was starting to bringbhis wolf to the surface. 

After an frustrating maneuvering around the cave, they had once again needed up right where they started.

"By the Moon, this Cave is spelled, George." Zezi cried out frustrated, and Mira grew a little tense in George's arms.

She didn't know the consequences of the cave been spelled but she knew that if her Mother was sounding like that, whatever was happening, wasn't something good. 

"Maybe there is a way we can trick the spell." George answered in a forceful calm tone.

It was taking a lot to suppress his wolf. 

This would be a bad time for his beast to take control. That would only cause them more problems.

"I don't think that's possible. I feel like they are coming after us right now. I feel like--"

"Shut up, you little pesky wolf!" George snapped at her, his eyes wild red in the darkness. 

Zezi gulped, hitching backwards, away from him as he growled at her threatening.

His wolf was here again.

The beast that lived in him but hated her.


###chapter 21 - Claws of Death
"G-George..." She stuttered, glancing quickly at their daughter that he still held firmly to him even in his beast state. 

She knew she had no need to worry about Mira, he would never hurt her, not even when he was like this.  

If there was anyone she had to worry about right now, that person was her. 

His wolf hated her to the core. 

"Geor---"

"He can't hear you." A growl snapped her sentence short. "I've pushed that idiot far back in our mind and he is going to remain there till I'm done with you."

"George you need to come back right now." The words rushed out of her mouth, her gaze fixed on George, looking past all his beastly form, right to the person she knew and loved, to the person she knew loved her in return. 

Just as much, probably greater.

This wasn't the first time this was happening and everytime it had happened in the past, things had always gone wrong. 

Horribly wrong. 

"You need to---"

"Shut up!" He slammed his fist against the cave wall, right at the side of her face. 

She froze. 

The closer he got, the more terrified she became.

She needed George to regain control already. This was a situation she was all too farmilar with and nothing about it was ever good. She would have had scars to prove for the past occurrences of moments like this, had she not been a powerful werewolf herself.

Her claws slowly starting replacing her fingernails as she got ready to defend herself in case talking him out of this state he was in, didn't work.

He was shaking his head, growling, snapping, into the darkness as his head turned in different directions, like as if there were enemies everywhere that he was directing his growls to.

George was fighting him, as usual.

Then he stilled, his head hung low. 

Her eyes glimmered with hope instantly at his drop of action.

Despite the fact that her heart was still racing wildly, she summoned courage and spoke up.

"George? Is that you?"

"AHHHH, SHUT UP!" He snapped his gaze upwards to her again and she sank back into herself, making her back slam suddenly against the cave wall that was only a hair's breadth away from her before. 

Her eyes were calculative and sharp. His slightly muscular frame was blocking the only escape route she had from him. He had cornered her skillfully to the wall in seconds.

She suddenly heard the sharp scratching as he pulled his claws down the cave wall that he had earlier slammed his fist against.

"I hate HATE the sound of your voice. I don't know what he wants with you, you are not even our mate." He hissed with venomous hate. 

Mira sniffled her tears, and his attention snapped from Zezi immediately, although it didn't serve as enough distraction that she could make her escape upon. 

He patted her in a stiff movement, making it look like a strenuous exercise, that showed just as inexperienced he was. 

There would always be a difference between George and his wolf. 

"I won't hurt you," he said in a growl which he had intended to come out kinder.

"Let me have our daughter, she might feel calmer--"

"Our daughter?" He chuckled, menacingly. It echoed all around her and for that moment she couldn't help but view George's wolf in almost the same light of "monsters" that she had viewed the vampires. 

She hated George's beast.

George had never lost control to his wolf for this long before. 

What was going on?

This was starting to be extremely terrifying.

"Don't be ridiculous. You know that you are truly nothing to us, nothing but a magnet of trouble. Look at what he is doing for you. You are not our Mate, you were not given to us by the Moon. You are useless, an unnecessary baggage. It is absolutely disgusting that you bare my mark."

Before she had time to react, a large hand curled around her neck, claws digging fast, her breath sharp as she gasped, begging while she attacked him fiercely to let her go.

Her claws dug into his hand, leaving behind long, deep, bleeding cuts.

He grunted in pain, but her fight didn't stop him. It only made his grip tightened even more around her neck. 

He moved forward, his breath hot against her face that was already draining of blood due to suffocation. His mark on her neck burnt hot against her skin, his nails digging too deep, hot tears streaming down her face. 

Where was George?!

"Daddy, mu-mummy is cr-crying. Leave her a-alone!" She could hear Mira crying, but it was staring to feel like she could hear her from a distance. 

Her eyes were misty as her gaze didn't flatter from him, her struggling was starting to slow down too, as she could feel warm liquid run down her neck.

She was getting weaker and weaker.

"Die slowly, wolf. By the time he is back, you will be gone and we won't have to endure you any longer."

Her body was growing limp. 

He could have snapped her neck, yanked out her heart, any death that was faster he could have given but he had decided it would be this. 

He was trying to punish them both.

A slow death for her so that she could watch the image of the man she loved slowly bring her to the end. A punishment for not leaving after the first time this had happened, but insisting to stay and carry his mark and be a Mother to Mira. 

A punishment for George for marking a wolf that wasn't his mate. A punishment for George for taking his destiny into his own hands and deciding his own fate. A punishment by making him watch helplessly from the back of his mind while he ended her life.

There were many things she was rethinking and regretting already. George would be torn by the time he got back control, only to meet her lifeless body, Mira would have to live with the trauma of watching her father kill her Mother. 

Why did it have to end this way?


###chapter 22 - A War Within
Then she thought of King. 

She didn't even know why but she was thinking of him.

She thought of the massacre that might come from this and, the lives that might be lost, the blood that might be shed, th---

Her body dropped to the floor with a thud, her bloodied claws clawed deeply against the cave floor as air rushed into her lungs. She drew it in quickly, coughing and attempting to stand up on her feet immediately. 

Her chest raising and falling, her vision a  blurry, the darkness not making any of it easy. 

What was that?

What had saved her?

She looked around quickly, trying to find her daughter to ensure that she was okay. 

She was. 

Sitting by one side of the cave, with tears running down her cheeks while she held her kneels and wept against her yellow gown was Mira.

Thank Moon Goddess she was save. 

She hurried to bed immediately and Mira readily leaped into her embrace. 

Crying even more. 

She needed her to stop crying. She might fall unconscious and this time around, the Pack Infirmary wasn't anywhere nearby.

A few pats on her back and she was doing okay.

Good.

One problem solved to a good extent.

But then there was another worry that took over Zezi.

Where was George?

She listened in so that she could hear if George was anywhere nearby, but with how weak her body was and how it was focusing on healing itself, her abilities were as strong as they would have been if she wasn't so badly hurt.

She wanted to call out for him but she remembered that she had been saved from his grip.

What if his wolf was still in control? What about the Being that had saved her? What if it was killing him and it would move to her and Mira next?

Or what if the vampires were here already?

She suddenly felt hot all over, not in a good way.

Or maybe it was the vampires but not one that was loyal to the King. What if it was one of the King's enemies that was planning to attack her to get to him.

A King always had enemies.

At this point, she wasn't thinking straight anymore.

She closed her mouth, allowing George's name to die in her throat while she pulled her daughter close, standing up to her feet, ready to defend them if anything goes wrong. Her eyes searching for an escape route. 

She saw the distant light at the opening of the cave and followed instantly.

She was going back. 

She would have to leave with Mira, she hoped George was okay and even if he wasn't, she knew that he would have wanted her to escape with Mira. 

She knew she would face punishment if she returned to the King but she would rather die than have anything happen to her daughter in here.

Somehow it felt safer to be in the Castle. 

Closer to the light she got, till she heard it.

The echo of a stone dropping on the floor behind her. 

Then a shadow of a tall figure standing in front of her, blocking away the light she was heading to, standing firmly in her way. 

Till he leaned against the cave wall like he was absolutely exhausted.

George.

His eyes no longer wild red with his wolf's beastly insanity, as he leaned against the wall in support while he walked closer to get. 

So he had been the one to safe her after all. Saved her from himself once again.

For how long would she continue to do this?

She stepped back immediately, her claws and canines at ready, growling at him threateningly to stay away.

"It's me, Zezi." He said in a pained voice.

She knew he was himself once again, but she had been guided by instincts to protect them from him nevertheless.

"I hurt you again. I know, I'm sorry."

Apologizing. 

Right from the start of their relationship, that had been the unbreakable cycle. 

His wolf would hurt her then he would apologize.

George gasped, his hand holding his head from a headache that he was still struggling with as a result of the way he had snatched back the control from his wolf.

He had seen what his wolf was doing and he had lost it. 

"You are bleeding." Zezi said, observing the red liquid that slowly moved down his nostrils.

He rub it off, surprised that he had bled. 

His wolf was really getting a lot to handle. 

Whenever werewolves chose their mates, their wolves sometimes had no problems with them, if they did, they would succumb as time went on, and if after all that time, the wolf still didn't like the chosen mate, they would simply ignore the whole situation and do only that which duty mandated them to do. 

The only time wolves would become as violent as George's wolf was if there was a deep sense of attachment that it had developed with the real mate.

George had never met his real mate before, in fact, he had a belief that he would never. He had also never had any attachment with any female before except Zezi. Sure he had sex with a couple of females while they were on the run, that had been before Zezi had made her proposal and he had accepted. None of those females had he seen twice and if any had been his mate, he would have known. 

The only conclusion they had gotten to was that George's wolf was like that because he came from a long line of Alphas. Wolves with Alpha blood always preferred their Moon Goddess given mates.

After apologizing, George would mostly try to make it up to her with words or actions or both but she had no time for that right now. 

"We have to get out of here," she said and without looking back at him, she started maneuvering her way around the cave with George following behind. A couple of times, he had crashed to the ground, weak and tired. 

As much as she still angry with him, he was George and she cared about him... a lot. 

So she went back, pulled his arm around her neck, her hold still firm on her daughter and miraculously this time, they came out at the other of the cave. 

The breeze felt heavenly.

The sun, a good sight.

She could feel the invisible chains around her go slack and fall.

She smiled blatantly at her daughter, tears in her eyes, while she hugged her, then she felt large arms go around her too. 

"We made it, my Love," George said.

She stiffened before she relaxed into an embrace. She observed how her skin wasn't crawling with disgust too. 

Being far away from the King and that ridiculous bond made her feel more like herself once again.

Thank Moon Goddess.

The warm lips that sealed against her lips brought her right out of her thoughts.

This was the part where she would reciprocate his act of intimacy and tell herself that although he had almost killed her, that had been his wolf and not him.

Yet this time around, she could not.

She tried to pull away from him, attempting to end the kiss.

The kiss ended quicker than George had planned, not for Zezi's weird movement, because he was absolutely certain she wasn't trying to push him away, but for a snickering voice and a high pitched laughter that forcefully pulled them apart.

"Oh, my brother is going to kill you alright."

(check after ###chapter 69 for ###chapter 23, thank you for reading and sorry for the inconvenience.)


###chapter 23 - Death's Invite
All around them were vampires, their eyes seemed to be in a crazy daze, their fangs peeking out from the corners of their red lips, their robes no longer on them.

Laura swung around the branch of the tall tree she had been sitting on, landing neatly on the ground.

"Aren't you so bold, kissing another on my brother's territory?" Her eyes glimmered with a deep shade of mischief, one that stood ever so obvious and couldn't be mistaken for otherwise.

"We are out of the cave, let us go!" Zezi tried to move in front of her family for protection, spreading her hands to her side, but George took the move, stepping in front of her and spreading his hands sideways, sending them a threatening growl, his wolf at the surface.

Considering what had happened in the cave earlier and how close she had been to dying, sensing that his wolf was coming to the surface gave her no ease.

The only reason his wolf would be willing to fight was because George and Mira were in danger, too, right now. 

Laura laughed. 

"What a pathetic sight. Isn't this just funny?"

There was no laughter from her lifeless army and she snapped her gaze towards them and chuckled menacingly.

There was a round of forced laughter after that.

Zezi arched an eyebrow at them, the ridiculous sight in front of her, distracting her mind from fear for a split moment.

Satisfied with the response, Laura turned back to them. 

"The thing is, even outside the cave, my brother owns it all. You are still kissing another on the King's territory. I don't know if you are brave or just stupid." 

She folded her hands across her chest,  clicking her claws together, an evil grin stretching across her lips. 

"But here is the thing, again. You never made it out of the cave."

Zezi looked back instinctively. 

Right there, behind her, where the cave they had come out from was a while ago, was an empty space. 

Realization crashed on her but it was too late.

"The cave you are really looking for is far away from here. You were just dabbling in an illusion. Despite how much I don't want you here, I feel insulted that you think you could just slip away that easily. Have you no idea of how superior we are to you, wolves." She ended on a note of disgust.

"You evil---!" George growled, his wolf taking full control at the full realization of the deception, but before he could move forward and attack them, a gush of wind rushed past Zezi, and in a blink of an eye, it all went down.

***

Whatever Zezi had expected wasn't what happened.

They all got dragged to the Castle, although Zezi wasn't blindfolded, her sight turned into a blur as a result of the speed used by the vampires.

By the time they got to the castle, she was swaying lightly on her feet from dizziness.

She crawled on her kneels, reaching quickly for her daughter, pulling her closer in protection, while George stood in front of them, ready to take on death. It reared its ugly head and challenged him. 

No matter what was happening and no matter what the Moon Goodness had in mind when she did this, this was his family and he would protect them till his last breath. 

They were in the throne room, surrounded by blood-sucking monsters (guards).

George eyed the walls, looking around to see if there was any escape route they could take if things went south, farther south than they already had, but there were none.

There was a throne at the center of the large room, then guards at each strategic point. 

His wolf was whining in his head.

If they died now, it would all be his fault, fighting for a werewolf that wasn't even theirs.

He ignored him, still mad at what he had done earlier, concentrating instead on trying not to show fear in order to protect Zezi and Mira.

His family.

The door swung open and there was the sound of boots clicking against the floor, then the sound of people bowing swiftly in respect.

Zezi didn't need to turn around, she knew who that was. She held more onto her daughter, who, although didn't understand what was going on, she was already slightly shaking in her mother's arms. 

She brushed her hand over her head, whispering to her slowly.

"Mama is here, Papa is here, Don't be scared."

"Brother," Laura's sickening voice raised with a smile. "I caught them trying to escape."

Zezi looked up then, next to Laura now was Delice, her eyes filled with deep sympathy.

Zezi looked away quickly. 
She wasn't going to be fooled by the female show of understanding. 

She knew they were all the same.

Monsters. 

The lots of them.

"Let us go!" George voiced out, his eyes glimmering red. "She is not yours, she will never be yours."

Zezi tensed up immediately, realizing what trouble this might lead be. 

She wasn't ready for this. 

She could feel it.

When she looked up this time, her eyes locked with the King's, and her heart raced.

He seemed calm, but the way his hands clenched into fists by his sides and the way his eyes were stormy with rage gave him away.

"She is mine!" George's voice thundered and she saw anger flashed in the King's eyes. 

The King looked away from her, his eyes now on George. 

"She is--" his voice cut short, pain shot through him, his neck stiffly raising, and then he crashed onto his knees, grunts of pain escaping his lips.

"George," she ran to him immediately, but he was shaking on the floor, veins becoming visible from pain in his neck. "What are you doing to him?!" She yelled, glancing up at the King. 

The memory of what she had seen in the hallway flashed in her mind and fear took complete control of her. 

The blood on the white floor, the struggle, the limp body.

No.

"Stop!"

Desperate to do whatever to stop this, afraid that she would lose him, promises threatened to tumble right out of her mouth, but she held her tongue, begging instead.

"Please, stop." She cried, tears running down her cheeks, her hands around George.

"Daddy, wh-what is happening to Da-daddy."

Desperation spiked at her daughter's cry and the sight of her husband.

"I'll do anything! I'll do anything, please stop."


###chapter 24 - Desperate Consequences 
Immediately, George went back to normal, his fist loosened, his breathing fast, as he tried to pull himself slowly from the floor but failed miserably.

He reached his hand for her and she held it gently in a reassuring manner.

"It's okay," she wiped her tears away. "You are okay."

"Da-dadd-y..." Mira said, sniffling, and despite his pain, George managed to offer her a smile. 

They would have stayed in their family moment forever, but the hands that pulled George and Mira away smashed the moment, letting it shatter away like pieces of broken glass.

She looked up to beg once again but the King was no longer there.

When had he left? She hadn't even noticed.

In no time, they were dragging George and Mira out of the throne room.

There were strong hands on her too. Dragging her away, trying to separate the family.

Mira reached out to her in tears but before she could hold her daughter, the guards were gone with her. 

They had taken George away too.

And she?

She had been brought back to her room. The guards let her alone, shutting the door.

"What are you going to do to my family?" With her voice filled with tears, Zezi turned to the only available person, Laura.

She snickered. 

"The dungeon."

Her heart dropped.

"You cannot throw them in the dungeon. George is weak and my daughter is sick. Please!" She was begging at the top of her lungs, her throat strained with how painful it was that her tears were choking her. "Don't you have a heart?"

Laura shrugged, "It's dead."

Zezi swallowed, trying to seem logical in order to deprive Laura of the satisfaction of seeing her broken. However, she felt that it was already too late for that.

"You can't put them in the dungeon."

"It's the King's orders," she said heading to the door. "But don't bother yourself too much. My brother intends to get rid of them very soon."

That had better not be what she was thinking.

"What is that supposed to mean?"

Laura looked at her from above her shoulder and flashed her an evil grin.

"Figure it out yourself."

No way!

She ran up to her feet at that thought, running to the door to push it open, a foreign feeling crossed through her body at the unbudging impact, like this was the strangest thing to have ever happened to her since she got here. 

The door was locked!

She banged madly against it, shouting to be let out but there was no response. 

She could hear guards at her door, guarding it.

Her breath fast and rapid, she flopped to the floor realizing he was now doing what she had expected the first time she had gotten here. 

He was now taking her like a prisoner. 

Her hands were shaking and she brought it up, holding it against her chest, whispering to herself, "It's my fault, it's all my fault. My daughter. Oh, George." 

Hot eyes welled up in her aching eyes before rolling down tear-stained paths on her cheeks.

She didn't know how long she had spent there, but there was a knock, and she jumped up to her feet. 

The room now seemed quite darker than it had been when the guards had brought her in.

She held the doorknob, pressing it down over and over again. 

"Easy there, big guy," she heard a familiar voice say jovially. 

Gwen?

That was Gwen!

"I'm just here to bring her a late lunch."

Then the door pushed open, and in came Gwen strolling in with a trolley of food.

Before she could get the chance to bypass them and escape, the door was locked yet again. 

"I need to get out here." She said to Gwen who offered her a wide smile instead.

"You must be hungry," she walked away as if nothing had happened, pulling the trolley to the table to set it up. 

"My kids love all the tales I tell them about you, it keeps them occupied while they argue and plan about the day they'll finally get to meet you. Gives my mate and I more time too," she blushed, then winked. "Please sit and eat while the food is still warm."

"Food is not my problem!" 

Zezi rushed to her, holding her hand again in a desperate plea.

"You must help me get out of here."

Gwen's smile fell when she looked up at her, it reminded Zezi of that day that she had seen those lashes on her skin. 

They were gone now though.

"Even if I wanted to, Milady, I cannot. I cannot defy my Sire." She said, her voice as cold as ice and as firm as she had ever heard it. It was almost like there was a fear of a distant memory keeping her act in order. Then she smiled broadly, as if tension hadn't just filled the room to the point of suffocation.

"Please," she drew the chair back and pulled her gently into the seat. "Your food."

Then she held the trolley, pulling it along with her on her way to the door but she paused, as if on a second thought, and looked back at Zezi.

"If there is anything else you need, tell me, let me help you with it, my Lady."

"Is he going to keep me locked in here forever?! I want to see my family! And he better not hurt them," she flew up to her feet, banging her fists against the table at that thought.

She had been so deep in thought, she hadn't heard Gwen's offer.

Gwen's smile broadened, "you might not be able to step out for a while and my visits here have now been limited to only three times a day. Again, my Lady, is there anything you might need?" she asked, completely disregarding her outburst. 

Furious about her helplessness, she sat back in the chair. 

"What can you possibly help me with?"

"Anything. You just have to ask."


###chapter 25 - All The Same
She just had to ask?!

"Let me out of--"

"Anything," Gwen spoke before she could go on. "Selected limited things, my Lady."

Zezi's spirit dropped at that. 

"Fine, great." She replied flatly. "Can you take me to the King then?"

"There is an order that you must not step out of this room."

"Can you please tell the King that I want to see him?" She asked with a sigh of defeat, her heart filled with a certain bitterness at that.

Gwen smiled sympathetically.

"Is there anything else that I can do for you, Milady?"

Zezi frowned at her question.

What was that supposed to mean?

"You can't send my message to the King?"

"The King does not want to see you, Milady. Even if I deliver your message, which I definitely cannot do directly to him, it would have to go through Lady Laura--"

"Never mind."

Laura.

Just the name sent a thousand daggers through her heart. Lady Laura hated her plainly and didn't even attempt to hide it. It was obvious that nothing good could come from her. Even if the message was to be sent, she might either ignore it or do something worse with it. 

Her mind filled with the boiling embers of rage that hissed at its contact with the ice of helplessness and defeat that was growing more and more in her heart.

What should she do?

"Just leave me alone," she snapped, fixating her anger on Gwen, wanting to hurt her just as much as she was hurting. "You are useless."

She settled back in her chair, holding her aching head in her hands.

Gwen's smile only broadened. 

"I know this is hard but our King means well. He might not know how best to express it but he is doing all this for your good and for his, if you will just---"

"Don't try to sell your King to me, Gwen." She said, rising slowly to her feet, her eyes flashing blue with her wolf slowly coming to the surface. Her voice was thick with rage, sounding foreign to even her. 

"He has my family down in the dungeon because of a bond that I don't even want, a bond that I despise with all my being. His presence in my life has done nothing but ruin it. Everything was perfect then he came!" She paused, her chest raising and falling with rage-filled ragged breaths. "And now I have to face this. All of this! ALL YOUR KIND EVER DID WAS RUIN MY LIFE AND YOU ARE STILL DOING IT!"

She ended, slamming against her fists the table, leaving behind a dent. 

Gwen's hands tightened around the handle of the trolley she was still holding; her smile had dwindled, then suddenly, she was smiling again. 

"It is the best, Milady, for you. The King does what is best, and you will be able to deal with it better if you would just try to forget about your family." She concluded, with no other expression on her face except for the smile she had plastered across her lips.

"Forget?" Zezi felt like she had been hit by a truck a dozen times, her healing abilities stopped while bleeding and left for dead. "Can you forget about your own family?!"

Something flashed in Gwen's eyes, her smile unwavering, her hands still holding the handle of the trolley in a tight grip.

"If that is all, I will now take my leave, Milady." She turned away to drive the trolley out through the door, then stopped when she remembered the need to knock first so that the vampires at the door would open it for her. 

Zezi watched her with a burning hatred. With no one else to direct her rage at, she saw Gwen as the representative of all her enemies, with how she had been answering her questions, it was only right to see her that way.

"You didn't answer my question."

Gwen's hand dropped and held the trolley once again.

"They committed treason against the King, running away with his mate. Have you no idea how important a mate is?"

Zezi's nose flared with anger. How dare she still be smiling?!

"Anyone that commits treason against the King shall be punished by the King. That is law and it shall be followed."

"So you are just like the rest of them. I was hoping to be wrong." Zezi said in a tone that was barely above a whisper. She took a step forward, making her chair screech against the floor as her movement pushed it back.

Gwen stood her ground, her face and aura, calm.

She was not afraid, it was obvious, or maybe she was just very good at hiding it. 

She could be either, Zezi didn't care.

"I ask you again, can you forget about your own family?"

"They are not the real ones you will have. The bond with the King is the one you should trea-"

"Can you?!" She yelled into her face, rushing to her with her wolf speed, her eyes now full blue.

Gwen kept her lips sealed. She looked away and knocked on the door calmly.

The door swung open, and without a word said, she wheeled the trolley out, and the door swung shut almost instantly.

Zezi staggered away, her steps flattering, her legs threatening to give way under her. 

Then, finally, she reached the window, holding onto the curtain and pulling it aside.

The setting sun, although not strong, flashed into her eyes, and with how much sensitivity she had right now with having her wolf still very close to the surface, it felt like a burn. She pulled the curtain shut fast.

Then she attempted to look out again, but this time around, she couldn't see anything because of how cloudy with tears her sight had become. 

Giving up, she pulled the curtains shut and slid slowly to the ground, hugged her knees, and wept.

How would she be able to possibly save her family---

The sound of the door swinging open with full force made her look up immediately. 

Her eyes widened with surprise at the intrusion.

Quickly, she stood up on her feet; she couldn't afford to look vulnerable, whosoever that was.

Worse, it could be Laura.

It wasn't the suspect, though. Instead, the person she laid her eyes on made her go still with shock and sent her heart racing with an unwanted familiar feeling that crossed through her veins. 

"Your Majesty?"

"You requested my presence. Here I am."



###chapter 26 - His
"You summoned me, I'm here. Now speak. I have other things to get to."

She gulped, nodding.

"My family. Set them free. Let them go; my daughter is sick, and my husband---" her voice trailed off as tears threatened to overcome her at the thought of the condition they might be in. 

The inhumane treatment that they might be going through at that moment, the pain, made her heart ache, most especially for her daughter, her darling little Mira. She knew nothing, she didn't deserve this.

"Please, just let them go. It is me you want." She said, her voice firm and laced with unhidden disgust.

She watched him for a moment in anticipation of his response, taking in his silence, watched as he looked at her through black soulless eyes. As a usual thing, whenever she was around him, she had to fight the consuming mate bond that relentlessly drew her to him like a magnet far more powerful than her entire being, a force mightier than her that always threatened to bring her to her knees before him, to summit, to let fate happen as it should.

It was always a battle.

But the embers of hatred towards his Kind had just been further rekindled in her, and her loathing for him was just as much of an unshakable presence.

Using her wolf's hearing, she listened and heard no beating from him. All she could hear was her heart pounding with fear and rage in her own chest.

If only he had a heart, then it would be a pleasure to rip it out, watch his poisonous black blood coat her claws, smear her skin, and drop to the floor while it beat its last rhythm in her hand, every beat slower and fainter than the last, till it finally stopped. 

Forever.

Oh, an immense pleasure.

But he had no heart, so she would need to beg, even more than she was already doing.

"I'll do anything."

Something clicked in his jaws and he seemed to have gone stiff for only a brief moment before a corner of his lips tugged up in a shadow of a smile. 

A mockery. 

She knew it.

He took a step towards her, and she held his gaze, not allowing herself to be swayed by the absolute dominance that slammed into her the closer he got.

Her stomach churned with disgust at her body's reaction to every simple move he made. 

She hated this mate bond. She wished 
it never existed, to begin with. The restraint that George's bond usually had on her seemed to be disappearing into thin air by the second.

He was close enough now that if he could breathe, his breath would be fanning her face. 

Light like a feather and warm with life.

She remembered the last time he had been this close and how she was turning to mush with desire. 

It was a pitiful sight for a warrior like her. Her body cringed at the memory, but what was more pitiful was that it felt like it was happening again. 

Wanting to regain quick control of herself and not caring how she'd look if she had to give a brief moment of a show of vulnerability for it, she took a step back, looking away for a brief moment before looking back to regain her stand. 

"I see, you want to use me again."

"Use you?" The words sounded foreign to her, her voice sounding a little like a whisper from a strained voice box.

"It's all you've ever done since you laid your gaze upon me." He replied coldly and his voice shifted something in her. 

Something she certainly didn't want shifted. And certainly not by him.

She balled her hands into fists by her sides, digging her claws slightly into her palms, distracting herself with pain and the smell of her blood.

His gaze darted to her clenched fists immediately, then back up to her face in a flash.

"With all the lies you've been telling me, there is no wiser conclusion. I know the little pup isn't your real daughter. You fight for her just as much as you fight for the wolf's claim you now wrongly carry." He said with a calmness that promised behind it seething rage. "You fight for the wrong things."

A storm of rage built up inside her, powerful and deadly. 

"They are my family! They are important to me. Mine!" She declared with finality.

Whatever emotions had passed through him at her statement, he had kept it away from his face.

"I don't understand you. The things you value, they make no sense. The things that you are truly yours you don't want and the ones that are not yours, you fight for."

"They. Are. My. Family."

"I am your mate." His voice was still at the same tone, but his eyes were darker than she remembered it to be a moment ago, zigzag lines slowly appeared underneath his skin, running from the collar of his blue robe, slowly up his face.

Despite the boldness she had built in her, she flinched at the sight of those dangerous lines, and she backed away towards the window behind her, but he stalked her slowly like she was, but to him, a prey.  

"You should want me. You should fight with me. You should stand by me, rule with me. It should be only me."

She stopped, sensing that he would just continue following her all the way, and once again, he would have her trapped. 

Having her trapped like he had done the last time he had been in this room was a thought she dreaded so much.

She couldn't risk that happening again, nor could she risk allowing his presence to further weaken George's bond with her.

"But no. You ran away from me the first time we met, lied, and tried to manipulate me ever since then; you've never given me a chance. You don't even know my name."

"What else should I have done? I already have a family. My family."

"Your family?"

Rough leather grazed her skin as he pushed his hand around her neck, angling a thumb by her chin to tilt her face even further up to him, reducing the distance between them to a hair's breadth.

Her mark was starting to feel hot against her neck again, her head drowsy with a need that she knew only he could satisfy, her body absolutely betraying her.

"You can't belong to them. You are Mine."



###chapter 27 - Good, Maybe 
In the past, Zezi was quick to always find strength in her wolf whenever she was feeling too weak to combat a situation but not this time.

Against a mate bond, her wolf was far more vulnerable and she had to be the stronger one for the both of them.

She pulled her hands up to his hand, not looking away from his burning and accusing gaze, as she tried to pull it away from her neck and the mark that was increasingly burning hot against her skin the longer he invaded her private space.

"My family, please. Don't kill them. I'll do anything."

Speaking was hard as she tried to hold her breath, to stop his scent rushing into her nostrils and flooding her senses.

Something shifted in his gaze and his hand fell from her neck. 

Then he took a step back, his face hard and his eyes as cold as ice.

"I shall no longer execute them, but the pesky wolf and little pup dared my wrath when they tried to abscond with you, and they shall be punished fully for it." 

She opened her mouth to defend her family but he held a hand up. 

"They are my prisoners and my prisoners they shall remain, till you come to me yourself begging for me to take you due to the very need of me." He gave her a one-over, and Zezi straightened up under his scrutinizing gaze, not wanting to look one bit intimidated nor affected by a man she knew must have killed many without even laying a finger upon them. 

A man who called himself her mate but whom she only saw as an undeserving curse laid upon her by the Moon Goddess.

Seeing him always drove a dagger through her heart...

----and made her ache so badly for his touch, the need growing more and more consuming every day that it threatened to drive her insane.

She clenched her hands into tight fists by her sides once again, drawing blood. Focusing solely on the pain to take her mind off him. 

His gaze shifted from her face once again, glancing briefly at her hand and the blood that slowly dripped from her clenched fists down to the floor, then his gaze darted right back up to her face. 

"You won't last long."

The moment the door slammed shut behind him, she drew in long breaths of relief, pushing a hand on the wall as she leaned heavily against it for support, smearing it with her blood in the process.

Her chest was rising and falling fast, her body growing weaker and weaker, punishing her for denying it yet again the pleasure and growing need that it so much rightfully craved.

Finally, she got to the bed and sat by the edge. 

Fighting against the next pain that hit her in waves.

Her neck-- aaargh-- the burning ache. 

She stood up, fighting against her weakness as hard as she could as her legs swayed slightly underneath her. 

Being affected by his presence was the norm, but this much? Something was wrong.

She stared back at the mirror as she bit her bottom lips, suppressing her throaty grunts of pain. 

There was George's mark on her neck, and with a little more focus she could see it fading slowly away.

The pain hit her again, making her hurl over; a groan slipped out through her lips, and her hands slammed against the table in a crash as she lost balance and rested heavily on it for support.

Her breathing was faster now. 

More rapid.

She raised her head, and inhumane growls rang out from the depths of her throat.

Pain.

So much that it made her eyes clenched shut and ache.

Pain.

So much that it shook her to her very bones.

Her eyelids flew open, revealing the dangerous shade of blue they had now become.

Her hands extended against the table, her claws elongated as they clawed down on the surface of the hard wooden surface, sending some things crashing to the floor along the line.

Her grunts later became a long howl.

Filling the room, dissolving into the walls, ringing into the night.

Then it was over and her head was bowed again, her breathing ragged, her hair covering her whole face.

Carrying George's bond was starting to get unbearably painful.

She heard a click and her eyes quickly darted to the door.

Gwen stepped in, looking at her with anticipation. 

Zezi was sure that she still looked wild and her howl hadn't gone unheard, but Gwen had acted as if nothing was out of the ordinary.

"How did it go, Milady?"

Zezi frowned, her lips dipping to the corners over her extended canines, in confusion.

"Did it go well?"

Her canines slowly drew back in, changing her features when they finally disappeared back into her mouth.

Noting that despite Gwen hinting that she wouldn't help, she had done it anyways.

Of course, she was the one who had helped to convey her summon to the King. Who else would it have been?

"I guess. He won't kill them anymore. For now." Her heart ached just saying it. 

This wasn't in any way better. They were still in that moon-forsaken dungeon, receiving punishment; they were still very much at risk. He could kill them at any time.

Her family was suffering because of her, she hated this!

But she had to sound appreciative because she would still need Gwen, and she would need her to be willing for whatever it was she would do next. 

That would only happen if she knew that her help was received with gratitude.

She didn't even know what it would be but she knew better than to risk the only vampire she could use around here. 

Gwen smiled, taking her free hand by the wrist and pressing a letter into it. 

"His Majesty has invited you for dinner."

She frowned, her rage burning again.

No way!

This was an intentional punishment!

Why would he want her there? To show that he had power over her? Why would she dine with the person holding her family as his prisoners? Someone with no mercy who was comfortable with having a child within the cold, dirty walls of a dungeon?

Why would she want to sit at the same table with him?

She hated him. 

She wouldn't go.

"Don't you see, Milady, you have one more chance to convince His Majesty to let them go?"

Zezi's frown slowly dissolved.

Wait---

She hadn't seen it like that. 

Maybe, this wasn't so bad. In fact, maybe this dinner was a good thing after all.



###chapter 28 - Dine With The Devil
Zezi didn't like the elaborate long blue gown with the deep V-shaped neckline, styled with barely anything for sleeves, that Gwen had made her wear. Neither did she like the silver heels Gwen had slid her feet into nor how she had gallantly dressed her black hair in a high bun and decorated it with little shining silver stones.

She hated everything, including the fact that she was now walking down the hallway and heading to the door of the King's dining hall. 

But this must be done, she knew it and for that very reason, she kept the advice that Gwen had said to her playing in her head over and over again.

"Be well-behaved, Milady. I know it is hard but please try to be. Our King was brought up differently, very differently, and his moves are rather clumsy. You have to show him that you are willing to submit to him. Only then, will he stop fighting you."

Many things in her advice, was Zezi against. 

Submit to him?

A thought that sent her whole body crawling with hate. 

Yet she could pretend to be all of that, that Gwen had advised and more, anything for her family to get out of this Hellhole alive.

But Zezi was no fool. She had sensed the sudden change in Gwen's attitude and she insisted on knowing why. She had left the room, pledging unwavering loyalty to her King and been absolutely deaf to reasoning, then came back an absolutely changed person? 

What had happened?

"Why are you helping me?" She had asked, her eyes ever observant, watching Gwen's every move to catch every single expression that passed over her face no matter how quickly.

"I'd rather die than have any of my little bats in prison, the King's dungeon is the worst. My kids and my mate mean the world to me and I understand your pain. I wish I could help you more than this, but I'm afraid I cannot."

So she had done a rethinking. Gwen, being a mother and a wife, had come to Zezi's favour, but still, she was no fool. Despite Gwen's grand help, she still wanted to be careful with her. She wouldn't risk forgetting that her loyalty was still with her King no matter what. 

She knew how this was.

She stopped at the tall doors and stared daggers into it. 

Then she heard a guard announcing her presence, and almost instantly, the doors were slowly thrown open.

She didn't hesitate to step in, there was no running from this. 

"Your Majesty," she greeted when she got in front of the dining table, which had at its head, the King sitting in all his dark, evil glory. 

How nice it would be, if he had a breath, so she could be the one to cease it. 

Forever.

His dark eyes took her in slowly, then he sat up in his seat ever so slightly and gestured with a dismissive hand at a seat to his right-hand side. 

She went there, her heels clicking against the floor, each noise highly disturbing to her ears.

Then, a guard, out of nowhere, pulled out a seat for her; she sat, and he left. 

At that moment, she made a mistake and took in a deep breath.

The smell of rain. First rain. The smell of him. 

It hit her.

She stopped herself immediately, making the air almost choke her in her throat, but the damage had already been done. 

The hunger that ignited in her stomach was almost consuming, she had to resist the urge of throwing her head back against the chair and shutting her eyes from the sheer pleasure that went through her brain, consuming every sense of her being. 

Her heart raced at the fear that jumped through her in a flash.

Would she survive this?

She wanted to pull her seat away or switch seats, but that would be an obvious show that he was winning. 

She tried to hold her breath instead, breathing in only a little and breathing out just as much. 

Anything to make herself not fall under the devil's spell over her. 

What a foolish bond. 

What a crazy goddess.

The mouth-watering food with wonderful aroma in front of them didn't help matters. 

It was like he was the only one in this room that she could smell.

Her hands tightened around the fork in her right grip, her claws digging into her palms yet again, her blood dropping to the table.

The electric jolt that went through her body was insane. 

Her gaze snapped quickly to the King who was holding her by the wrist, a handkerchief in his hand, as he wiped away her blood off the table, his eyes red and a little dazed with a kind of lust.

Bloodlust?

Oh, no.

He took the fork from her, wiping it clean, then inside her palms.

"I'm alright now, thank you." 

Her voice thankfully sounded firm as she pulled gently away from him, resisting the urge to snap her hand away instead.

He mustn't know that he was affecting her this much, although she felt that her pounding heart at his touch, had already given her away.

"Eat." The King's voice seeped through her ears, and she nodded stiffly, picking up another fork, but she noticed that the King made no attempt to do the same. 

And for some ridiculous reasons, she thought the food might be poisoned. 

"You are not eating?"

"It's useless to me. I only need blood," his gaze darted to a side of her neck, and Zezi was immediately glad that Gwen had picked a high collar gown for her, "and souls."

That chilled her to her very bones.

"Why dinner then?"

He settled back into his seat, two fingers pressed to his forehead like she was a disturbance.

A mere pest.

"Just eat."

She had something more to say, but Gwen's advice suggested otherwise. 

So she ate as little as possible because she indeed had no appetite. She endured him even though the dinner was starting to draw like the longest hour of her life, hoping that in the end, he would do her a favour and let her have what she wanted.

But the dinner came to an end, and what she wanted was nowhere in sight, not until the third night, when he raised his goblet filled with blood to his lips, and said to her. 

"I will take you to see them. My prisoners."



###chapter 29 - On His Honour 
The word of gratitude that had slipped through Zezi's lips had been stiff and heavy.

It was about damn time. 

Seriously, she was already starting to lose her patience and was already scared that doing as Gwen had suggested was giving her the opposite of what she wanted. 

Great things did come to those who waited. 

She had followed after him, down many stairs, with many guards behind them, holding up lit torches to light their way. 

Zezi could smell the anguish in the air, the pain, the suffering, and her heart ached the further down they went, to know that her family was within these dreadful walls or, even worse, killed her. 

Then they stopped and took a path.

She could hear a whimpering. 

Mira's.

Her eyes grew glassy immediately, all her pretense shattering to the ground.

"My daughter--" she whispered with a gasp. "Mira." She teared up, her face quickly turning into a mess. 

She took a mindless step forward, ignoring the guard that moved behind her, as she held onto the bars that stood between them. 

They burnt her with immediate effect, but she hung on, wanting to suffer just as much as her family was.

Mira was chained to the wall with leather straps, her hands and legs spread apart. She looked so sick. So sick and so small.

Zezi had never seen her daughter like this.

Why was this King so wicked?

She raised her head with tears in her eyes, her sight greatly dazed with absolute exhaustion.

What had they done to her daughter?

"Mum--" her voice trailed off with a forced shiver. "I'm cold."

"Zezi--" a familiar voice seeped through her ears and she snapped her gaze right to him. 

In the small cell, on the other side was George. He was chained to the wall just like Mira, except they had used silver, making only the bands around his wrists and his ankles, leather.

"Let the bar go," he whispered, his voice so low that she could barely hear him. "You are hurting."

Zezi bit her lips, looking down at her hands, the smell of burning flesh and blood hitting her nose. 

Then she let it go and turned to the King, falling on her knees, her head bowed and her hands spread flat on her thighs.

"I have come down on my knees, begging, with absolute want for you, desperate craving, and an irresistible need." She paused, taking in a ragged breath, salty tears by the corners of her lips. "You now have what you desire. Let them go."

The King's eyes went cold and his face stiff. 

He knew what this meant and hated every bit of it.

A lie to his face.

What was she doing?

"Rise up on your feet."

Her hands balled into fists on her thighs, with every word she spoke, she could taste her own blood. 

They were heavy; they were knives to her heart, but the sight of her family sent her own body shaking with deep-felt sadness. 

"I want you, your Majesty."

"Stand up," he commanded in a gruff. 

"I feel like I might die if you do not take me!"

"My love... what are you doing?"

"The very need of you, the very crave. I cannot fight it anymore." She looked up at him, holding his gaze, her eyes wild and her teeth a bloody smile.

She looked nothing short of crazy.  

"Take me. Please."

"Cease this nonsense at once."

"Let my family go!"

It happened in a flash.

So fast.

One of the guards was nursing a clawed part of his stomach with a hiss, the rest with their swords at ready, the King looking like he had just seen something beyond him, all their attention was on Zezi, who had a dagger to her throat, her claws stained with blood of the guard she had stolen it from.

"This should be good." She chuckled. 

The King folded his arms at that moment, something like humor in his eyes. 

Great. He thought she was bluffing.

She pressed the dagger further and drew blood. 

At the sight of the red liquid, something in the King's jaw ticked and his eyes darkened with rage.

"Drop it."

A hysterical laughter. "I'd gladly die."

"I will kill them, all of them." He replied, immovably calm. "Kill these pathetic wolves, then bathe in the blood of the rest that breathes..."

More blood. 

More fainting pulse.

"Drop it."

Her heart was racing. She was getting weak far too quickly. Why was she getting so weak already?

"My love... Pleas--"

"Shut up, George." Her eyes were firm on the King, it was never a wise move to look away from the enemy. "You want me, but if I'm dead, you can't have me."

"I'll turn you."

She gulped at the thought. Waking up as something she hated? The Moon forbids. But she showed no fear, she had something to back her up.

"I'm a wolf. There is a high chance I'd die anyway. We both know you don't want that."

She could feel herself going faint. 

This dagger's blade was made out of silver.

"Drop it, Zezi."

Her body almost stilled at his mention of her name, almost yielded to his command simply because he was him. 

Her mate.

"I want only one thing."

Whatever sign he gave to his guards was very subtle; they put away their weapons, and the next thing she could hear was the slacking and dropping of the chains. 

As much as she wanted to look at her family, she didn't. She couldn't risk it. If she looked away from him, he would move fast and take this dagger from her.

She would just have to hold on and stay not blinking.

She could hear Mira calling out for her, her husband's painful groans as he picked up their daughter.

"Swear on--"

"On my honour, I swear that the wolves are now free, and that they may be led to the passage alive and unharmed from now onward."

Don't blink.

Don't. Blink. 

"My love."

"Go."

With a sigh, the King commanded, "Take them there."

In a flash, they were gone. 

Time was starting to drag on, painfully.

It was starting to become herculean to even stand on her own two feet.

Don't blink.

But the blood she was losing was sending her head absolutely dizzy and heavy. 

Don't blink.

She could feel how it dripped down her neck into the arm of her white gown and the round neckline.

Don't blink. 

Despite the fact that the King had already promised their safety, she wanted to stay like this for as long as possible, hopefully till they would be in that car George had prepared at the other mouth of the cave.

Don't--

The dagger got knocked out of her hand, and instead of fighting, she fell backward, right into a pair of strong open arms. 

She was going faintly but she didn't care, not until she heard the voices of those she thought she had set free.

Her heart tore apart, and tears welled up in her eyes, as she opened them to the one looking down at her.

"You swore on your honour."

Her voice was so low with emotions and the weakness from the blood that she had lost.

His hand ghosted over her forehead, brushing her hair aside, his eyes hazy with something she had never seen before.

"I have no honor."



###chapter 30 - Eliminating The Problem 
Her eyelids were heavy, and they were slipping close fast; she felt herself being lifted in his arms, all the fight in her quickly seeping right out of her body.

Not because he was holding her but simply because she no longer had any fight in her.

She was far too weak.

"Take them to the Execution Ground, I'm getting rid of the problem for good."

She heard him dashing out orders, her heart feeling totally destroyed at them; not being able to do anything about it broke her even more.

She couldn't even open her eyes! 

She tried to speak, move, do something but no. 

Totally futile!

She could feel him breeze out of the dungeon; she couldn't smell the anguish nor hear the voice of her family that she was now scared of not hearing anymore, now more than ever. 

Or it could just be because she was falling unconscious.

She heard a door swing open and felt herself being settled into bed, a blanket dragged over her, gently.

Careful treatment as if she were an egg.

With a sudden gust of wind, the door swung open suddenly once again.

"Brother."

Ah. 

That familiar sickening voice. 

Laura.

"Prepare for the Turning."

"Right now?"

"Do not question me."

The door slammed shut in a hazy distant noise.

Zezi felt like she had missed some parts of the conversation. She was constantly falling into deep sleep, struggling, then losing. 

She suddenly felt liquid drop to her lips and rolled on her tongue. 

She couldn't taste nor process what it was. The silver she had used on herself was numbing all her senses.

Whatever it was, she gulped it down quickly. It was only a few drops, and somehow, she seemed to want more. 

But her body was relaxing and she found herself finally losing the battle. 

But she had to stay awake!

What would become of her family if she slept?

She had to stay--

"You smell like ivy," a raspy voice said above her. She felt a cold palm pressed to a side of her cheek which quickly turned warm, then a forehead pressed against hers. "I love ivies."

The next second, she felt a cold tongue against her neck, licking the open cut of the dagger.

It had gone deeper than she wanted it to.

She let out a shaky breath at the sensation of him and her skin sealing up, her body turning down every other command to jerk away from him. It was like she was an immovable lump of flesh and bones. Her mark burned hot against her skin, anytime his tongue came in contact with it.

"Sleep." He whispered before pulling away and that was all she remembered before falling right into the firm arms of darkness.

***

BloodSuckers.

Filthy, dirty, cruel, bloodsuckers.

They shouldn't have existed to begin with. 

George's anger was plain for all to see but just as much as they could all see it under the gentle light of the moon that was glowing down on them, they knew it was useless.

He had been brought out here for a trial and they knew that none of those ever brought out for a trial before the King lived after. 

This trial would have usually occurred in the King's court, but why would they do that when every one of them would certainly end up being executed? 

This simply made things easier. 

George had heard a lot about this place from the guards that had brought him here; with the little time they had, they had given him enough information about their so-called "justice system".  Not out of pity, nor fully out of hate but because they simply found him to be of low rank and useless.

He had no idea how he would be executed, but he was not worried about him; he was worried about his daughter.

If only he hadn't brought her along. 

He did this to them. If only he had planned better. If only he had noticed that the cave was spelled. If only his annoying wolf hadn't taken over. If only. 

His wolf was agitated in his mind and didn't attempt to start an argument to push the blame away. Although, he chipped in that if only he hadn't clung on to a mate that wasn't his, they wouldn't be in this mess.

George pulled Mira closer; she was shivering in his arms from cold and hunger. They were on the podium for all to see, the bloodthirsty creatures' eyes twinkling with absolute delight like they were some clown put on the stage for a show.

Their misery was something of a great pleasure to them.

He hated them. 

They had always been destructive, that was how they were. Trying to save Zezi from these creatures had been the right thing to do, he only regretted that he had brought Mira along and the fact that his escape plan was a failure. The results, not the action. Never the action.

'You stupid pathetic being.'

His wolf snapped at him but he ignored, just as much as he had always ignored it when it came to matters concerning Zezi. 

Suddenly, he could hear boots approaching the podium in determined steps and everywhere went quiet. 

Only one person could command such respect. 

The leader of all these evil creatures. 

His claws poked out slowly, but he quickly controlled himself because of the child in his arms.

Still, his rage was like a burning ember.

What a delight it would be to rip him apart and toss his severed head across the field like a ball. 

The BloodSuckers' King sat on his throne, his crown firm on his head as he eyed them with coldness.

Then he gave a short note, announcing to the crowd their "crimes".

George did not pay it any attention until he felt all attention on him again and heard, "You may plead your case."

Immediately, he started to plead his case.

He knew that no matter his plea, nothing would change, the King certainly wanted him dead. But he had to do something more for Mira. 

Maybe he would have mercy on her considering that she was a child... his mate's child. 

The thought soured his heart and he ignored his wolf's cheering at his admission.

Although, from what he had done to them already, that was greatly unlikely.

Anyway, George hoped for otherwise. As long as his so-called mercy wasn't the option of turning her into one of them instead of letting her go. 

Instead, he would rather kill her in his arms, before they would make her into a monster like them for the rest of her very long life.

Nothing was worse than being that creature that sucked blood.



###chapter 31 - Gongs Of Judgment 

"Milady!" The doors flung open, and Gwen stormed in, totally ignoring the men by the door that had tried to stop her. 

Her steps were determined and her eyes showed that no matter what they did, she wasn't ready to back down in the slightest.

As for the men, their job was to keep the King's mate in the room, so they could let this slide. Besides, this was Gwen.

"Milady," Gwen rushed to the bedside where Zezi was sound asleep, her face dissolved into a relaxed smile. The smell that hit her nose almost stilled her to a stop, a whiff of powerful aura that only belonged to the King. 

Her eyes slowly widened in realization. 

Lady Zezi must have had the King's blood.

Gwen had already heard the rumors of the dinner and how it had gone down, but she had been in a little Well if the emergency trail that was going on right now on the Execution Ground wasn't enough confirmation of how terrible things had gone and how much further they would go, this was more than enough.

Things had gone wrong. Really wrong. 

She looked around the room, her brain calculating fast, and then, out of nowhere, she was able to get her hands on a pen and paper. Quickly, she sat by the dressing table and started writing on it.

A plea.

It was of utmost urgency and importance that she did this on her Lady's behalf.

She would have to find a way for it to get to the King as soon as possible. Again, she reminded herself that she was only doing this for her Lady and the bit of conscience she had in her wouldn't let her do otherwise. She knew it wasn't her place to interfere, but she couldn't just sit by and watch disaster unfold.

She had little bats too and a mate, putting herself in her Lady's shoes; she knew that if she was the one who had to face this kind of situation, she would go mad and she would want someone to do this for her.

So, therefore, the best she could do would be done.

Finally, a full stop was drawn at the end of the last sentence. She was done writing the plea, writing down everything that her Lady could offer that she believed might move the King enough to spare her Lady's wolf family.

Ah. What would Lady Zezi do about all this when she wakes up and finds out?

Before getting lost in the train of thought, she restrained herself from thinking any further.

Now was not the time. 

What she needed at this moment was to seal the deal with Lady's blood. 

In a flash, she was by her bedside once again, holding Lady Zezi's dangling hand by her warm wrist.

Quickly her claws shot out, and she punctured the tip of Zezi's pinky slightly, allowing her blood to drop to the exact spot on the paper she needed it to be. There was no sign of pain from her Mistress, she looked as peaceful as ever. Also, once Gwen pulled her claw out of her punctured pinky, the bleeding hole sealed right up, dry blood that quickly turned black, left, staining the surface.

Still holding her wrist, Gwen mumbled some words under her breath. Slowly, the blood on the paper glowed, and something like a wrist chain made out of red light glowed around Zezi's wrist; Gwen moved her hand slightly, and the light dissolved right into her skin, fading away. At the same time, the blood regained its normal colour too, no longer glowing.

There, an unbreakable blood oath.

Making blood oaths was something every vampire could do, but not many made blood oaths for others. It was amongst the most powerful kinds of oaths. Besides the fact that it was binding for life, it could only be performed out of absolute and true willingness. Gwen had been scared that it wouldn't work but since it had, it only meant that her Mistress had complete willingness in her heart to do anything to save her family.

Her lady would thank her, her lady would be grateful, her lady would and to her with absolute gratitude, not minding the sacrifice she would have to make. 

Her Lady was selfless.

She stood up.

Her Lady would be nothing but absolutely grateful.

And if she wasn't? 

No, to hell with that thought.

The warm feeling of her Mistress' wrist caressed the inside of her palms. She was only now noticing how alive her Mistress looked. 

She made the mistake of taking in a deep breath, and immediately, the consequences hit her.

The smell of blood. 

Strong.

Her gaze darted to her Lady's wrist and her penetrating gaze became fixated on it. Her moving pulse, her visible veins beneath her skin. 

She could smell her blood lingering in that air, and slowly, she dropped back to her knees, her grip on her Lady's wrist tightening by the second, her eyes slowly turning crimson, her claws sneaking out, and her fangs poking from the corners of her lips. 

She was going primal fast, instincts guiding her.

Control was no new thing to her but for that moment, it seemed to have slipped right through her fingers. 

Her Lady's blood would be sweet. 

Her Lady's blood wouldn't be like the packaged ones.

The vibration of life would still be very much present.

She moved her wrist closer up to her lips.

She would taste only a little, then she would stop, only a little wouldn't be able to kill anyone.

The shadow her image cast against the wall, aided by the glowing light above, showed as her mouth widened the closer her wrist got. 

The hunger she could feel in her was primitive.

Bang!

A gong from a distance snapped her right out of it.

Bang!

She dropped her wrist with the speed of light, rushing up to her feet, her eyes wide with surprise at what she was about to do. 

Never!

She had never slipped like that before. She was supposed to feed before coming here and she had skipped it upon hearing what had happened to her Lady. 

She quickly sprinted away, putting the plea into the scroll container that she had intended to show her children that night.

She had no time for this.

The only reason for the drum banging was repeatedly running through her mind.

The judgment had been passed.

Once again, the King had won his case. 

Bang!

On the seventh bang of the Judgement Drums, the execution would happen. 

Gwen could already hear the people cheering. Her hand tightened around the scroll and she sprinted right down the hallway, hoping with all her heart that she wasn't already too late. 

After the first three bangs, there was always a pause. A moment for the 'guilty' to make peace with their fate and surrender themselves to their punishment. 

That was the moment Gwen was counting upon.

That pause.



###chapter 32 - Evil Option

Unlike last time, she wouldn't be able to deliver this plea to the King herself. She would have to go through Lady Laura as she normally would. In fact, the only reason she had been able to deliver her Mistress's message directly to the King before, was because he had been strolling along the hallway at the exact moment she had stepped out of Lady Zezi's room, he had also beckoned her to tell him about Lady Zezi and how she was faring.

This time around, the King wasn't strolling through the hallway, so to Lady Laura's door she ran.

Her hand rose to Lady Laura's door but before she even had the chance to knock, it flung right open.

"Gwen," she declared with surprise. "What are you doing here? You are supposed to be feeding." Her eyelids came together in a slant line and she said pointedly. "This is your break."

"I have something of utmost importance to be delivered to his Majesty, Lady Laura."

She held up the scroll and Lady Laura took it, moving it a little closer to her face before her nose scrunched up like a stench had just hit her nose, and she dropped her hand.

"The wolf's blood is on it." She commented with unfiltered disgust. 

"It is a Plea and a blood oath, my Lady."

She smiled, an evil grin crossing her lips.

"I have supplies, packaged food," she added for further unneeded clarification. "You must be hungry. Will you snack on that while you watch the execution with me? It will be a wonderful sight from the part of the podium I will be sitting in."

Gwen straightened up. 

It might seem like just an invitation but it was far from that. Lady Laura was inviting her to her side of the podium which meant a silent claim, an offer for Gwen to be able to gain her favours and those that others will give her knowing that she was associated with Lady Laura. All these would come at a price though, her absolute loyalty and submission.

"The fourth bang should be anytime now." She reminded urgently, her slim lips revealing her perfect teeth in a smile that showed that she hated to wait for answers, as a nail now turned into a claw was now playing with some strands of her black hair.

Gwen was thinking. Of course, she knew the gravity of her proposal. If she were to reject it, then she had officially signed herself into being an enemy. Picking that wolf over her would be the fine line she shouldn't have crossed. A fine line she would certainly regret.

"My profound apologies, my Lady, but my so--"

"You may go. I understand that you wouldn't even know how to conduct yourself standing next to such high Royalty. You only ever would be able to relate with the low-class wannabes like that wolf anyway. Stick to the dirt that you came from."

Gwen bit her lips, her face bland of emotions. Lady Laura never ran out of hurtful words, but she was very important to the King, not just because they were siblings but because of her unwavering loyalty to him. 

Whosoever crossed would only be a thread away from crossing the King. Crossing her was bad enough.

"I am really sorry but my son is sick."

"So?"

"The scroll is of utmost importance."

"Just leave."

She slammed the door shut in her face, with a sigh of frustration. 

These low-class vampires always found a way to piss her off. 

As Gwen sprinted off, she couldn't help but think that maybe she should have gone to the Royal Adviser instead, but Lady Delice's position in the castle had been something shaken with uncertainty ever since her wedding with the King had been called off. Gwen wouldn't want to risk anything further than it already was. 

She would just have to hope that the plea would reach the King before it was too late.

Lady Laura was the only way they had.

She could feel her fangs poking out through the corners of her lips again and her speed increased.

She really, really, needed to feed. 

If she went back to her Lady like this, she would be nothing but danger to her. 

***

"Laura," Delice called out as she pushed the door open.

Delice didn't really fancy Laura's aesthetic. Her room was always looking like that of a witch, with tables filled with countless little bottles, the smell of herbs and different concoctions thick in the air that already had an eerie aura to itself, and there was the furnace that Laura kept lit almost every second of the day. The room definitely had a heater; she just wasn't using it, not like any of it was really needed anyway.

In fact, this room always made Delice uneasy, like it was a Being conquering dark magic. Laura hated the mention of dark magic though. She said it reminded her of her mother's dark times, so Delice never said anything about it.

Laura turned to her with her rare sincere smile. 

"Finally, she made it."

"I'm sorry, I'm late. I had to feed and--"

"Keep your excuses and help me with these earrings, will you?"

Laura had a couple of ear piercings, so this would take a while. 

She stepped forward, helping her.

"I can't wait for the fourth gong. It's been so long since we've had this, you know?"

"The last one was barely a moon ago."

"Like I said, so long."

"Does it not just please you to watch--hey, careful--"

"Sorry."

"Back during the Dark Times, we had times like this every day, even more than twice a day when we got lucky."

Done with the earrings, Delice stepped away and Laura quickly handed her necklace over to her. 

"You almost sound like you want to go back to those times."

Done with the necklace, she looked at Laura in the mirror. She was always excited for things like this, and just as always she had dressed the part. An exquisite blue long dress with long sleeves that swept the ground whenever she walked. 

Laura was the Queen of extra.

"No matter how bad something is, there is always something you'll enjoy. That's enough. Let me touch up your make-up. With that bland brown gown and lack of jewelry, you just look sad."

"I have no intention to look glamorous. Unlike you, this doesn't excite me."

"Why not?" She asked, standing up and looking at her. "You will be sitting at the High Table."

Delice frowned. 

"Your brother's mate's family is about to be executed."

"And why should I be concerned? She and those pathetic wolves came here, ruined everything, and took your place. This is a victory for us. Once he gets rid of her, she will lose her mind and probably even kill herself due to loss and grief. With her gone, you'll finally be Queen, and not just that, you'll also have the man you love."

"Laura...

"Don't you love my brother?" She looked at her through slanted eyes and Delice nodded her head.

"I do."

"Good. So shut up and let destiny play. Also, I'm older," she tapped her finger against the tip of Delice's nose playfully.

A bang. 

"There it is. It has begun."

She held her hand as they headed to the door, tossing something quickly into the furnace as she giggled excitedly.

"Come with me now."

"What was that?"

"Nothing important." She said, ushering her out, then the door shut slam. 

The scroll slipped deeper into the embers as the fire consumed it.



###chapter 33 - Daddy Loves You 
Bang.

They were only a few steps away from the cheering crowd, and Delice could see the podium distantly from here. Her face heated up at the sight of the King in his seat. Seeing him always made her feel that way, she loved him. But he had a mate and she had to stay away... for now, although Laura would argue otherwise. 

Her gaze shifted to the other side of the podium, landing on the werewolf who had his pup in his arms, as he looked around with misery in his eyes.

Her heart went out to them, the one that was certainly not beating but still, it did.

"By the Blood, I forgot!" Laura stopped suddenly in her tracks.

"What?"

"My bracelet!" She dangled her bare wrist up to Delice. "The very one my Mother gave me. You know how important that is to me right? It's the last thing I have of her. I don't feel complete and I can't watch this execution if I don't feel complete." Laura's lips quickly stretched into a smile. "It's on the table, next to the last bottle containing a green liquid. Don't touch the bottle, get the bracelet. I don't want to miss any of this and the seventh bang will be soon."

"Laura I--"

"I'll save you a seat." She pushed her forward lightly, turning her around to face the Castle gate. "Now go."

Just like that, she was gone. With her guards behind her. Not that she wasn't enough to take any danger she was to face, but Laura loved to flaunt that she had power over other people, even after having power of her own. Delice didn't think having guards around her was necessary most times; she just didn't like having too many people around her; she loved her space.

Delice sighed, turning back.

No one would have taken up her seat anyway, so Laura's promise was unnecessary. But this was how it was; anytime Laura forgot something, she was always the one to go back and get it. Delice believed this was because she was seeking a mother in their friendship, filling up a hole in Laura's life that had been left open after her Mother's death.

In their friendship, she had to keep Laura happy and in return, Laura looked out for her. 

That was how things were, perfect, just as the best friendships should be.

She made it past the gates and up the stairs, putting in the key that Laura had given her before she vanished, in the lock. She pushed the door open and went around the table for the bracelet, finding it at the exact spot Laura had described. She had a really good memory, one of the qualities that forged her tremendous hunter. 

Just as she was about to leave the room, though, the whiff of blood crossed her nose, and she stilled. 

Her gaze darted to the lit furnace immediately.

That was where it was coming from.

Her face grew cold as she wondered what Laura had been up to. She remembered that her best friend had tossed something in the fire on their way out earlier, saying it wasn't anything important.

She took a step closer, crouching by the flames with one fear in her mind.

Was Laura getting involved in dark magic?

That didn't make sense. 

Why would she want to be involved with the very thing that killed her mother?

***

Bang!

Sweat formed on his forehead. 

The seventh bang was here, and now it was time for the execution of their so-called ''judgment'.'' Although he knew she wasn't here, George couldn't help but look around and search for his wife, his Zezi. His love.

This bastard that seated himself upon that pathetic thing he must think of as a throne must have done something to her. 

What had they done to his mate?!

'She is not ours!' His wolf snarled in his mind. 

Although his wolf had resigned to silent anger for a while, knowing that doom had finally come upon them for someone irrelevant, the wolf had snapped out of his quietness. 

He was restless, angry, and bitter. 

'She is not ours. We will die for a mere wolf that isn't even ours!'

As much as his wolf was a master at starting fights, facing what others thought was doom, and coming out victorious, he knew this was different. 

He would certainly lose, whether he fought or not. 

By the moon, he couldn't even run.

He paced in the back of George's mind, scratching, with rage beyond compare.

'She isn't even ours!'

To George, his wolf's tantrums were none of his problems. Instead, his concern was based on the words he had heard from the Blood-sucking monster that stood some distance in front of him. They made his heart drop.

He wanted to turn Mira?

After all his pleadings, that was his mercy?

Mira was a wolf; two entities couldn't live in one, one would always fight to conquer. As for the vampire's turning venom, it always won; then, if it decided that the host didn't meet the standard of housing it, it turned more into the poison that it was and killed everything in his path.

His daughter was sick and there was a high possibility that would be her fate. She would have to go through excruciating pain as the venom combats against her wolf, kills it, then kills her slowly too, till her innocent self would beg for death.

If she survived, which was highly unlikely, her immortal life would be nothing but misery as she would have to live on blood and become one of these monsters. These monsters should have never existed, to begin with. These monsters that killed her own family.

No, he couldn't let any of that happen.

"Make your peace." The King's words were filled with venom. 

His hand tightened around his daughter and he pulled her closer, her shivering body weak in his arms. She couldn't fight against anything, she was far too fragile.

He regretted bringing her here. 

He regretted that she was suffering because he hadn't planned better.

Mira. His daughter.

"Daddy loves you." Tears streamed down from his cheeks, as he wept into her shoulder. 

He would have to do it. He would have to make her go in the most peaceful way possible.

"Dad--d--" Her teeth were clattering.

He had failed as a father; he couldn't even protect his own daughter, but this last thing he would do.

Death to his helpless self and to his wonderful daughter, who deserved none of this. 

Why did it have to come to this? A father taking his own daughter's life because it was the only option he had.

Why?

His fingernails turned into claws. Once this was done, he would let the BloodSucker's punishment fall on him without a fight. He won't try to avoid the pain by taking his own life. He owed it to Mira to go through it all.

His lips trembled with grief as the memory of all his time with his daughter flashed before his eyes. The pain of knowing that she would never have the chance to understand why he had done this, broke him. But he was ready to look at her and take in her last look of pain from betrayal and suffer from it. 

He was doing this for her.

He remembered Zezi because she was in each of these memories. He missed her. He needed her; needed her right now.

She would understand this. Support him. Maybe.

If only he could turn back the hand of time and leave Mira with Aunt Alice. If only.

"Daddy loves you. Mummy loves you."

"It is time. Hand her over already."

"Daddy loves you very much." He took in a deep breath, sniffing her in. This would be the last time she would be alive. "Forgive me."

In a blink, he had pulled her from him, his claws heading right for her heart.



###chapter 34 - Mate's Blood
He should feel her heart pumping in his hand, beating weakly as it struggled to hang on, blood dripping from in between his fingers, its stain on his body, the smell thick in the air and filling his lungs. His daughter should be on the floor with an open blood-spilling chest, her eyes filled with horror, panic, and lack of understanding that although this felt like a betrayal, it was the best way to go in this circumstance.

He felt none of that though, saw none of that too, but he could smell blood.

His blood. 

His sight was turning red with pain, his eyes bulging, his wolf struggling, blood running down his nose, a stifled howl burning his throat, as he hit the ground with a thud, raising dust with force.

Turned. Curled. Stretched. 

Grunts. Groans. Stifled howls.

He dragged his claws against the ground in jagged lines, trying to stand before the invisible force knocked him right back down.

Pain.

So much pain. 

Too much pain. 

It folded him and twisted him in bone-crushing ways, every command his body had excruciatingly obeyed except his eyes. 

He refused to blink.

Not because of the invisible force that seemed to be twisting daggers into every part of his skin, but because his daughter was in the hands of that BloodSucker who had hazardous zig-zag black poison ink, lining the exposed part of his neck, up to his face quickly, his eyes black as the very darkness that resided in his heart, sharp with monstrous threat. 

He couldn't let this happen. 

His daughter would not survive the turning and she would only die more tragically.

It had to be him, he had to be the one to send his daughter off. 

This wolf in front of him was indeed pathetic, struggling against his hold as he pushed waves and waves of darkness into him that fed on his soul.

How dare he?!

Trying to play smart and move away from his justice.

How foolish.

The pup in his arms was weak, weaker than any being he had ever held.  In fact, he couldn't remember the last time he had held a... little being like this.

This little creature was his mate's. But no one truly cared deeply about something that wasn't theirs.

Even for what belonged to them, most times they still cared less. He was a living testimony of that. So this wouldn't affect his mate. Probably.

Then, on second thought, thinking of all that she had done for her so-called family, maybe it was different with the wolves.

So he had decided to be merciful. As merciful as merciful could ever get.

This fragile being seemed to mean a lot to his mate. Although he couldn't understand why, considering the fact that she wasn't even hers. The working of his mate's mind wasn't something he could understand no matter how hard he tried. 

So he was doing this for her. She would be happy when she woke up and saw her precious little fragile thing by her side. Besides, she would want her fragile thing to live long, considering that she was his mate and she now had the same life span as he did. Not now though, but once he marked her, which he knew would happen sooner than she thinks.

The pup shivered in his arms with cold and fear. 

She looked so sick. Why did she look so sick?

Anyways, once she was turned, she would never look this sick again.

His bite was a salvation.

But the foolish blood bag in front of him obviously didn't think that. That was another reason why he had decided to turn her. He wanted him to watch as he took everything from him simply because he had tried to do the same; he wanted him to watch his own become a "blood-sucking monster", the very creature he hated the most. He wouldn't be around to watch the others anyways, because once he was done with the turning, he would feed on the wolf's soul and drain his blood. 

He knew that the pup might not survive but that was on her. 

Everyone must be punished for their crimes no matter how little they or the crimes were. That, he had learnt from a very young age. 

If his bite would be her salvation or her doom, her punishment or his mercy, fate would be the one to decide.

He looked away from the wolf, who was now left drained of strength but struggling to get to them. His attention was now on the pup as he pulled her up to him, his fangs pushing out from his gums.

Laura looked around hastily.

Where was Delice?

The Execution was already starting.

Where was she?

Where was her bracelet?!

She couldn't watch this spectacular Execution without her bracelet. She didn't feel whole without it. 

There haven't been many executions lately, in addition to that, there was none where her Brother had decided to personally sire a being by turning it. The first and only person he had ever sired was Delice, and that was over two centuries ago, when he was just a teenager, maybe, and Delice was a little about, like, what, five?

It had happened so long ago that Laura often forgot that Delice wasn't even a Pureblood.

Where was she?!

This might never happen again. Where was this--

Ah, there!

Running towards them with her vampire speed and something in her hand-- wait, that wasn't her bracelet, what was that?!

"Stop!" Delice shouted. "Lady Delice of the WoodBurn's House, Adviser to the King, interrupts this judgment based on a bloodoath."

The King's attention shifted to her, as everyone else's, and she knew that if she wasn't adding more details anytime soon, she might be the next person on the Execution Ground despite her noble importance.

The King hated interruptions at his judgments that much.

"Your Mate's Bloodoath, Sire."

As expected, that changed everything.



###chapter 35 - The Devil Himself 
Zezi shot right out of bed.

In a blink, she had ran straight to the window, her hands on the heavy red fabric as she threw the curtains aside. The sunlight that flashed through the thick transparent glass burnt her eyes. She staggered back, her breathing quick, her hands on her fast raising and falling chest, her eyes widened with realization and fear, as she looked around. 

Daylight. 

Full daylight. 

She gasped almost inaudibly.

She had slept.

She had slept!

How could she have done that?

Her family!

Her memories of last night were hazy, but she knew that her family was still in danger. She rushed towards the door at wolf's speed, not minding what she smelt or looked like. Just as she was about to get to the door, a wave of darkness hit her, sending her head a little dizzy as her hand quickly grasped the doorknob for stability.

The emotions that rushed over her were immense.

Rage. 

Anger. 

Coldness mixed with cruelty. 

She blinked, shaking her head.

These emotions felt foreign, like they weren't hers.

There was also that smell of the first rain that stuck to her nose, a scent she knew belonged to the King. It was almost like he was there, standing right next to her, like she could touch him if she only tried-- no-- closer, like he was her.

She blinked, shaking her head vigorously, trying to understand what was going on with her.

Why was she feeling this way?

Anyways, that wasn't important. What she had to do right now was knock this door down and find her family. 

Her lips quivered with tears as the dreadful thoughts of what might have become of them while she had been passed out, rushed through her mind. 

A cold that seemed to chill her to the bones went through her, whimpering gasps of half-expectant grief slipped through her lips, and slow, hot tears ran down her cheeks.

Her daughter.

Her mate.

She just hoped that she wasn't too late.

She pressed down the doorknob once, to confirm if it was really locked 

It was. 

So she moved back and ran at it with full force, hitting her weight against something hard. 

It wasn't wood though, like a door. 

In fact, it was a body.

"Milady!"

"Gwen." She said breathlessly, giving her a one-over quickly to ensure that all was alright. She looked a bit shaken, not by surprise but by pain. Overall, she looked fine.

"Milady, you are awake." Gwen moved into the door, slamming the door shut behind her. 

Zezi looked over to the slammed door, protest at the tip of her tongue, but when she looked at Gwen's face, she observed how worried she seemed to be, and fear increasingly filled her mind, making her eyes mist with unshed tears.

"How long?" Her hands grasped Gwen's arms, while Gwen held her elbow, most likely trying to push her into a seat and calm her down. She really didn't need that right now. "How many days have I laid down here while misery befell my family?! Where is my family?"

"A night." Gwen quickly provided, looking up at her. She had now given up on leading her to her bed so that she could sit and calm down. From the looks of things, that would be useless. "You have been asleep for only a night, Milady."

Zezi nodded, but she refused to waste much time on the relief that the answer had brought her. She needed her next question answered immediately. "My family, tell me about my family."

"They are alive."

"And well?" Her grip tightened around Gwen's hands. "Are they well? Tell me."

"Y-yes, Milady," she gulped, forcing a smile. "They are very well. Lady Delice was a big help."

Zezi blinked, her unshed tears wetting her eyelashes, her grip loosening around Gwen's arms, as her face formed into a frown, relaxed back then scrunched right back into a frown.

Something didn't seem right. 

"I want to see them."

She let Gwen go, heading to the door. 

"Milady, wait! The guards at the door will not grant you passage."

"Then I will break this door now to the ground!" Her eyes flashed blue, her hands curled to fists by her sides. "That was exactly what I was trying to do before you came in anyway."

Gwen immediately went in front of her, her eyes wide, her body... jittery?

That was strange. 

She stepped back a little, her heart going cold with loss.

"Did you lie about my family? Did your King kill th---" her voice trailed off with tears. "Tell me the truth, please."

"No!" Gwen shook her head. "No, absolutely not. They are fine, they are perfect." Her gaze dropped to the floor, next thing Zezi knew, Gwen was on her knees. "I have done something... something huge. You have to forgive me, Milady. I didn't know what else to do. I made a bloodoath on your behalf to save your family---"

Zezi sighed in relief.

Now that sounded like the truth. Although she didn't know what the bloodoath was about, it made her believe that her family was alive. It was typical of a devil-like the King to want something in the place of something.

"Thank you."

Gwen stopped short, looking up at her Mistress with shock. "I don't think you understand, Milady. You are bound to a bloodoath I made on your behalf. I must tell you from the beginning."

"I don't have time for this." 

Zezi took a hurried step closer to the door but Gwen stood up abruptly, once again blocking her path. Despite Zezi's unwillingness to listen to this whole story, Gwen was quick to tell. 

"The bloodoath contains--"

"I don't care about what the bloodoath contains, Gwen!" She snapped then her voice dropped with the tears that threatened to choke her throat. Despite the reassurance she had felt earlier, she couldn't help but feel that she was getting lied to again. The way Gwen kept standing in her way was starting to be very suspicious. 

They must have done something to her family; maybe they were alive, but certainly not fine. She just couldn't see the King letting her family go like that. She still remembered how he had made a promise on his so-called honour and broken it easily. 

She didn't trust him. Or anyone.

"I want to see my family."

"Of course," she stepped aside, her hands held together tightly.

If Gwen had a heart, right now it would be racing. Madly. 

"I will tell Lady Laura who will--"

The door swung open at that moment and Gwen stepped back, bowing instinctively in greeting.

Zezi stood up straight.

Even without looking, she knew who had stepped in. The feeling that washed over her was enough to tell. The strange thing that had taken over her this morning wasn't helping matters.

There he was. 

The devil himself. 



###chapter 36 - A Mark For A Family 

He looked so unaffected by everything, but what had she expected? He fed on chaos; got high on it. 

Just like his father.

Her heart soured with distaste, as she ignored every other feeling the mate bond was trying to make her sense.

Zezi stepped forward to confront the King, but Gwen held her hand back with a kind of fear. 

"This is why I wanted to tell you," her whispery voice was trembling, "about the b-bloodoath."

"What?" She asked, her gaze not shifting from the King.

It was only wise to never look away from one's adversary.

"O-one of the con...ditions agreed to---"

"Make it snappy."

"Immediately you open your eyes, Milady, you will lose the wolf's mark and bear the King's."

She froze. 

So the King was here to... mark her?

"Lady Zezi," a voice snapped her out of it and that was when she noticed Doctor Bruce standing next to the King. He stepped closer to her, taking her by the hand and leading her to the bed. "How are you feeling?"

"Terrified and miserable," she let out without a filter, taking her seat at the edge of the bed. Gewn had said the bloodoath couldn't be broken. Hoping that her family was alright and okay, she really wouldn't want to act out and put them in harm's way. If this was the cost, then she would gladly bear it.

"Hmmm, you seem perfect." He said when he was done with his quick check-up. "The King had done things his own way."

Done things his own way? Had he removed George's mark already?

Normally, no one could place a mark over another's except if that person was the real soulmate. Once that mark is placed, the first one fades away, and the present one stays. Forever.

That process would initially be very painful and her feelings for the King heightened that it already unbearably was.

Everything she was feeling for the King right now felt like the usual thing, except for these foreign emotions that seemed to overwhelm her, as well as his scent that filled up her lungs. 

If she was carrying his mark though, she was supposed to be in a whole lot of pain. Why wasn't she in pain?

"I don't understand." 

"You fell unconscious last night from the silver in your blood. You made the cut to this part right here," he gestured to a side of her neck and she ran her fingers over it instinctively. The possibility of death was high, so the King fed you with his blood."

Zezi gulped.

She had no memory of that but that explained the strange feelings she seemed to now possess.

"It was a small, quick, and effective move. Whatever I would have recommended wouldn't have done a better job; you would still be bedridden by now, at the least." He gave her a fatherly pat on her shoulder and she stilled. 

For Doctor Bruce, her feelings were in between. She didn't like him because he was a vampire, but she didn't hate him either, yet she couldn't say her feelings were neutral. She could endure him but she hated any touch that wasn't strictly for medical purposes. Even though he had no bad intentions.

"I'm ready," she said. 

She knew what they were here to do and Doctor Bruce was probably stalling it to give her time. 

Hell no.

She wanted to get this over and done with already.

"Ready for what?" He offered with a smile, taking his hand off her shoulder and tucking it back in his lab coat.

She looked away from the Doctor, her cold gaze settling on the King, who was still standing by the door with his arms folded behind him. 

"I made a blood oath, I'm ready for it. You may take my mark away and place yours."

"I--- didn't--- Your Majesty?"

Zezi frowned.

Wasn't that why they were here?

The next thing she knew, Gwen and Doctor Bruce stepped out, leaving her alone with him. 

They must have been ordered to.

Zezi stood up immediately, feeling that sitting by the edge of her bed was too much of a vulnerable position.

She let out a silent breath with every move he took towards her, preparing herself.

"Are you certain you are alright?"

"I'll be better once I see my family, Your Majesty," she said with a distaste she really tried to hide but failed. 

What did he care about how she felt?

"Family?" he tsked, finally standing in front of her. He tried to reach for her hair, but she sidestepped him, making his hand hang in the air for only a second, before he dropped it, looking unfazed by her action. 

"You throw that word around carelessly. None of those pathetic wolves truly belong to you." He slipped a hand underneath her chin, holding up her chin so that she looked up at him, staring back into those black orbs like an abyss. "None is truly yours but I am."

She gulped, her heart racing faster before her eyes turned cold. 

Her body was betraying her. 

The tingles that crossed through her felt more intense than they usually would.

This must be because of his blood in her system.

Her hand shot up to her neck, over the mark that was burning like hot iron against her skin, as she gritted her teeth in pain.

She couldn't afford to give in to it and let him see how carrying George's mark was breaking her. She couldn't let him think that his mark on her would be some salvation instead of the cruel punishment it was. She didn't want him to think that she needed him. 

Over her dead body.

But the pain was too much and she could feel George's mark fading away, leaving anguish to cross through her veins.

Nature was indeed fighting her for being so stubborn. 

Her knees buckled underneath her, she would have hit the ground with a thud, but the arms that held her against its owner kept her from harm.

The warmth. 

The relief. 

She could live in these arms forever.

But she didn't want to.

She pulled away instantly, disappointed at how her body had felt, despite knowing that she only had fate to blame for all of this. 

The whiff of her blood seeped into her nostrils. She was digging her nails into her palms once again to distract herself with pain, so she would stop herself from thinking even more about the King.

"Stop. Let me see that." He tried to reach for her but she snapped away.

Why was he being so touchy? Could this be because of his blood in her veins? Was it affecting him too? 

Well, none of her business. 

The only thing she was concerned about right now was her family!

"Zezi---"

What?! He was calling her by her name now?!

"Stop calling my name, your Majesty! Stop saying it like that. Like we are the two closest people in the world." She let out a shaky breath, afraid that her outburst might lead to a problem if she continued. "You are here to mark me, do it already. I'm so tired of this, I want to see my family."

Her eyes fell shut, and she tilted her neck to the side as she waited for the pain that would surely come. 



###chapter 37 - For The Love Of Family 

A bite that never came.

The next thing she heard was the sound of the door swinging open and the King's boots against the floor as he walked away.

No. That didn't seem right. 

He wasn't going to mark her?

This was just torture.

He was playing with her. 

Keeping his hold of a bloodoath on her while he tormented her with his power. 

He wanted her to actually beg still?

She hated him.

Seeing that the door was open and he hadn't rushed off like he used to, it meant that he wanted her to follow him. 

So, she did. 

He must be taking her to see her family.

When they finally got to a door downstairs, and along the hallway, she discovered that she was right.

She could smell her daughter and George. Their scent was sharper than it usually was and she could feel their presence more than she usually would.

She reached for the doorknob but it swung open before her hand could grasp it.

"You are awake, Lady Zezi. That is great." Lady Delice said, her eyes twinkling with excitement, then her gaze shifted behind her and she bowed immediately.

"Your Majesty."

"Delice." He acknowledged her greeting, his voice clear to Zezi's ear.

Zezi could pick up how Delice seemed to get increasingly nervous since she had noticed him, her slightly shaky hands as she brushed them over her long-sleeved brown gown, the corners of her lips as her face stretched into a meek smile. 

The aura around her seemed to have changed too. 

This blood in her system was really messing with her. 

She was suddenly so aware of everything!

Including the King's bland emotions to all of this. If she could observe this by just having a few drops of his blood in her system, how much more could he observe?

How much more did he know?

It made her feel uncomfortable, and she reached towards the door again, trying to move around Lady Delice.

The move made Lady Delice aware of her once again, and she turned to Zezi quickly.

"I was so worried about you. How are you feeling this morning?"

"Great." A thought crossed her mind as she looked back at her. "Thank you. Gwen told me about what you had done for my family, and for me."

She smiled, looking a little brightened by the appreciation. 

Of all the vampires presently in the castle, besides Gwen, Delice was the only one that seemed to have any aura of life around her. 

But she still was a vampire, one in love with the one that the Moon Goodness had destined for her. As much as she didn't want her mate, it was foolish to assume that someone like Delice would be entirely harmless. 

Zezi wasn't foolish.

There was no doubt that Lady Delice would consider her as an obstacle that needed to be gotten rid of.

It was even a surprise that Lady Delice had decided to help her. She must have a motive, for sure, like that evil friend she was always flocking around with.

But Zezi was busy with the most important thing right now, her family. She would figure out Lady Delice's motive later.

"They are fine."

Zezi sighed in relief.

She couldn't smell pain or anguish in the air, so for the first time since she had been told about her family's state, she truly believed.

"I tried to take care of Mira but George---"

Zezi snarled, her brows knitting together into a sharp frown.

There was just a sense of familiarity in how she had said George's name that she didn't like. 

Or maybe it was because she was now overly sensitive to everything? 

Anyways. 

That changed nothing.

She still didn't like it. 

"Your mate--"

The anger that surged through her was immense. 

Boiling.

Deep.

That anger was not hers.

Zezi looked back quickly; the King's face was passive; he looked as calm and in control of his feelings as he used to.

No one would suspect a thing. 

She frowned. 

She hated feeling his feelings.

It was so annoying.

Also, the thought of his evil blood running through her veins made her want to cut herself and watch the blood flow in satisfaction, knowing that the vile blood would bleed out of her too. 

"I apologize for that." Delice offered with a smile, not because she sensed the King was angry though, but because she had just caught up on what using the term had insinuated. "He wouldn't let me take care of her. Also, I fixed her teddy, and I reminded your..." She paused, catching herself in time. "...him, to feed her some medicine from Doctor Bruce."

Zezi suppressed a smirk. 

That had seemed pretty intentional. She couldn't be that forgetful. Maybe she was right about Lady Delice after all. She really should be weary of her.

"Overall, they are fine." 

"Great." Zezi pushed through her teeth, feeling agitated once again. Could all these vampires just stop getting in her way?!

She was tired of this nose poking Delice too, and just wanted her out of her family's business. 

"Thank you, Lady Delice. Now will you please stop standing in my way so I can finally see my family."

Something crossed her eyes, like she had been hurt by her words.

As if that would trick Zezi into offering her sympathy. This particular vampire was starting to really annoy her. 

She seemed pretty manipulative. In fact, right now, she seemed to be worse than Laura who showed her emotions easily.

The nicest ones were always the most dangerous after all.

"Of course, of course." Then she bowed, greeting the King again before she took her leave. "Your Majesty."

With that she departed, allowing Zezi to finally swing open the door. 

Her eyes watered at the sight before her.

On the floor, with Mira in his arms, while he looked around with high alert in his eyes was George. 

With wolf speed she ran to her, kneeling on the floor to wrap her hands around them. 

"Oh, by the Moon, my family!" she cried, holding onto the tensed body in her arms that soon pulled her into a tight embrace.

Then she heard that voice, realizing only now how deeply she had missed it.

"My love, you are alive."



###chapter 38 - Don't Say The "G" Word

He pulled her out of his embrace, watching her face, cupping it, using his fingers to comb her hair down, while his eyes lightly passed over his mark on her neck, a smile crossing his lips.

"Mummy," Mira popped out in between them, "the BloodSuckers took us somewhere, did something to Daddy-- I'm tired."

Mira was referring to the vampires as BloodSuckers now. The effect of staying around only George was starting to really show. Not that she disagreed with the term used.

Her daughter fell into her open arms and she pulled her closer, sniffing her hair.

She smelt clean, still a little sick but she was okay. 

Zezi checked her body for any bite marks or any marks at all that signified pain, but she found none.

"Aunty fixed him." Mira put her teddy forward, and Zezi smiled, just plain happy that her family was indeed all right.

"Mira baby, can you please go and sit over there? Daddy wants to talk to Mummy."

"And we are going home after?" She asked, her eyes begging for a yes.  

"Yes, you are," Zezi replied, brushing her fingers through her hair playfully.

Mira enthusiastically left, not noticing what that answer had implied. 

George had though, but before he got the chance to speak about it, Zezi was quick to question him in an urgent whisper.

"What did they do to you?"

Gwen had told her but she would like to hear it from George directly.

"The Blood-sucking King does way more than blood sucking."

George looked back and Zezi's heart skipped a beat that he was behind them. But that couldn't be right, he was long gone. Also, she would have noticed, although seeing her family had made her observation drop.

"He almost took my soul. I could feel it dragging out of me. What is he? A demon?"

Zezi's face fell. 

Gwen had said he was capable of soul seizing this morning but it had slipped her mind till now.

"Are you alright?"

"Yes. He also wanted to turn Mira."

Her eyes went wide with fear. "WHA--what?"

"He didn't. One of those mons--- the one you saw. The Bloodsucker who suspiciously wanted to take care of Mira. She came in with some bloodoath and said you did it."

"Gwen." Zezi smiled instinctively, but that only made George frown.

Something didn't sound right about the name but that wasn't his concern.

"They are all the same. One nice act doesn't change them. What was in that bloodoath anyways."

Her heart squeezed with hurt. 

"Nothing." She blinked away the tears that were quickly welling up in her eyes. "I don't know yet, but I have a feeling it's everything. George--" her hands cupped his face, studying him like this would be the last time she would ever see him again."I just came here to say goodbye to you."

"No."

"And to Mira."

"What are you saying?" He asked with a sad chuckle.

"You have to go."

"For now right? Just---" his voice trailed off. "No?"

He stood up slowly, looking down at her. "My love, are you saying no?"

"Look at everything that is going on. The answer is obvious. This has to end. Besides, " she stood up too, yet again cupping his face in her hands. "This was never going to work from the beginning."

Those words were heavy; they burnt her tongue and hurt her heart, but she knew a part of it held an undeniable truth. 

The very thing that was tearing them apart. 

The very thing they struggled with relentlessly till they decided to just live with it. 

His wolf.

Her fate. 

The paths of those two things would never find their way to become one.

No matter how hard they tried. 

"How long will I continue to tolerate his abuse?" Her hands dropped from his cheeks. 

"It's not me, you know that."

"Yes," her hand cupped his face, her glassy gaze holding his devastated own. "I know. My George would never lay a finger on me but his wolf would rip me apart and sprinkle my blood on the dry ground, just for the fun of it."

"My love," his hand moved over hers, and he pushed forward to reach her, his hand moving further down hers, but her grip was oddly firm, and she kept him in place. "Please, don't cry."

"It's the truth, you know it."

"I'll get better." The words rushed out of his mouth. "I'll control him be--"

"That's what you said before we had Mira. The same thing you said when we got her. Mira will be seven in a couple of months, you are still saying the same thing, George."

His face fell.

She was right. 

In fact, his wolf was jubilating at the back of his mind right now, celebrating his possible freedom.

"This has to stop." She pressed her forehead against his, the saltiness of her taste filling her mouth. "Goodbye, George. I hope you find your mate so you and your wolf won't do this again, and if you don't, I hope you find someone that you and your wolf will love. Someone who will be a wonderful mother to our daughter."

She looked away towards their daughter, who was still playing with her teddy; she was always so engrossed in her make-believe.

"Our Mira. Take care of her for me, please."

"Please don't say that, I can find a way to---"

"The sacrifice is too much. I almost lost my family because I was being unrealistic with myself. The only form of happiness you can give me now is to be happy with our daughter. Be alive and... Just live. Please."

He frowned. 

"What was in that Blood oath, my love?"

"I don't know it all, but for now. I know I must lose your mark."

His hand shot up to hers on his neck, his eyes passing his mark on hers, noticing only now that it was fading, his observation making his frown deepen. 

"And what, carry his?"

"For the Moon's sake, please George..."

That did it.

In a blink, his eyes glowed red.



###chapter 39 - Goodbye With A Secret 
"So you've now accepted it?" He walked away from her, suddenly needing the space. He wanted to sniff the air and see if her scent had been altered by his, but his weakness from yesterday's attack was a great setback and made his wolf weak. "Your fate with that monstrous blood-sucking Ki---"

"I don't have a choice." She said quietly. She wouldn't want to call their daughter's attention to this. The fact that she wouldn't be able to give her a proper goodbye because she was scared to risk the state of her child's health still hurt. Besides that, they both hated for Mira to see anything go wrong in their little family.

She had to be protected from all of that and she was theirs to protect.

"This is the only way to save my family, I have accepted it."

"We shouldn't give up---"

"I will not risk us again." She frowned, her voice determined. 

But he wasn't going to give up that easily. 

He needed to do something to make her see reason, to make her see what she would be missing if she let them go so easily. 

Something quick! Something effective!

"Please, just promise you'll come home with me. I'll find another way; come up with a better plan."

"I will not be stupid again."

His eyes glowed red as his desperation increased.

"What about our daughter? What do you want her to think when she grows up and realizes that her mother left her to be with the very bloodsuckers that killed us in thousands."

"George." She whispered almost silently to stop him, but he wasn't anywhere near done.

Every word out of his mouth was full of vile with the very intent to hurt her as she was hurting him with her refusal; every word was to bend her to his will one more time.

"That she had given up easily, picked to stick with the vile monsters over her own family."

"Don't you dare!" Her eyes snapped to Mira, then back at him. Though once again, she spoke quietly, her voice was a heavy, gritted whisper. "Don't you dare play that game with me. I'm not one of those prisoners that you interrogate in the Capital's prison."

His face fell with realization. "I'm sorry, I just---"

"I'm doing this for us, for our daughter, for you, and for me." She moved towards him, holding his face between the palms of her hands again. Ah, she would really miss him. "Yes, I'll be the sacrifice. So, please go."

"Don't give up on us." The tears that welled in his eyes rolled down his cheek. His hand held onto her hands in a desperate plea. "Please."

"There is no hope." She wiped away his tears with her thumb, shaking her head in subtle refusal.

"We can still--"

"No George, not again."

This woman that he loved had been a part of his life since forever. He couldn't just let the mother of his child go, he couldn't allow her to accept the life of a sacrificial lamb, allowing her to wake up each day to the faces that she had nightmares about.

He needed to reassure her that there was still hope of them getting out of this. He didn't know how, but he was certain he would eventually find a way, despite his wolf's continuous scratching in the back of his mind, to 'finally let a wolf that wasn't theirs go'.

He leaned forward to kiss her, but she moved away, turning him down over and over again.  Her rejections were starting to make him feel on edge and desperate, making him apply more pressure to his grip, holding her while he begged, pushing her face against hers forcefully.

"I will never be the same without you!" His claws were starting to dig into her hands, his eyes red from his wolf. 

"George, stop! You're hurting me!"

"Please!"

His voice sounded more like a growl, his wolf taking more control, doing what he loved doing to her most.

Hurting her.

"No!" 

She snapped and pushed him. A force that threw him right across the room. Just some distance away from where Mira had been playing. 

With wolf speed, she got her daughter to a far corner of the room, then locked the door with the key that was dangling out of the keyhole.

Just in case George had lost complete control to his wolf, she had to ensure he wouldn't be able to get out of the room in that state, nor would anyone be able to easily burst in. 

If the King was to come here and see him attacking her, he might kill George. She couldn't let that happen, she had to protect him. She had to be the punching bag till he was alright again. She was oddly strong now, maybe she would be able to hold him down before he would cause any huge damage.

Whether he was his wolf, or he was him, their daughter was safe, as usual.

Right now. 

She was the only one in danger. 

So, she stood at the other corner of the room, away from her daughter.

"George?" she called out in a whisper, watching him stand back to his feet, trying to see if he was himself or his wolf.

He groaned, holding his head. He saw Mira at the corner and his heart raced. 

Where was she?

What had he done to his wife this time?

"George?"

His gaze darted to her immediately and he squinted his eyes, blinking to clear his blurry sight.

"Zezi," he said with relief, rushing to her with an unstable movement, till he was right in front of her. 

"I didn't hurt you, did I?" His eyes raked over her, she looked very unharmed. 

Before, after episodes like this, she usually had some scratches to show for it. 

Being a Beta, above her rank, his painful marks usually took a while to heal. But she had no scratches, which thankfully meant he didn't hurt her this time.

"You did." She blinked, her eyes misting with tears. "And you'll do it again."

His heart dropped.

That-- that was -- no.

He shook his head,  sucking in a breath as he leaned against the wall, next to her, tired of himself, of always doing this to her.

"I'm sorry." He ran his hand through his hair, holding a handful firmly. "I'm being mean. I hurt you all the time. Every time."

They heard their daughter sniffling, and they looked at her and walked over to her, but she flinched when Zezi tried to carry her, running to her Father's arms instead.

"Mi...Mira?"

"You are so scary. You are fighting with Daddy like Daddy is always fighting with you."

"It's not Mummy's fault." He sat, brushing her hair with his hand.

"I'm sorry." It hurt to see that her daughter was running from her. "I won't do that again."

Her hands went around her husband, who was still holding Mira in his arms. As Mira sobbed, George cried silently, too, for his own reasons, while Zezi tried to enjoy this last moment with them.

A final goodbye.

What Zezi wasn't telling her family was that the minute they got out of here safely, and she ensured that they were long gone, her heart would cease to beat, torn apart by the silver knife she would dig right into it.

This would be the last time they would ever see her alive.



###chapter 40 - To Become History 

"Open up or I'll break this door down." A bittered, low, feminine voice broke them apart. 

A voice that Zezi knew all too well. 

She stood up, opening the door with a swing. 

"Ah, she is alive," Laura said with a smirk, her eyebrows cocked at her. Then suddenly her face scrunched up in a sinister grimace. "My brother's blood mixed with yours doesn't feel right."

"I agree," Zezi said, still standing in the doorway, trying to give George time to fix himself up. She didn't need any of these vampires seeing him vulnerable like that. 

They were enemies, and to them, they must appear strong at all times.

She scoffed. "Pathetic. Anyway, it's time."

But Zezi wasn't done; she still remembered the condition that Gwen had said the pleading had been handed over in. Gwen hadn't explicitly said that she suspected Lady Laura to have tossed it intentionally into the fire, but who else would it have been?

"You almost burnt my plea." She said, folding her arms, giving Laura a slow belittling look as her gaze passed over her high ponytail, white shirt that was tucked into the black leather pants she had on, that had her weapons around it, her black leather cloak, and those black boots.

"What?" She took a step forward, making Zezi have to tilt her head up a little, considering the fact that Laura was a little taller than she was. "You think you can take me? Don't let that tiny drop of my brother's blood in your veins trick you. You can't stand up to me. You are still a wolf, therefore a weak nothing."

"You almost burnt my plea." She said, remaining unfazed. "Why?"

"You could have said I was doing you a favour. We both know you don't deserve to carry my brother's mark, to be the Queen of all these is not your destiny. You are just not cut out for it, wolfie." She clicked her nails, which had now turned into claws together like she had sent a speck of dust into the air. 

A grin on her face, her eyes twinkling with excitement. 

A silent threat.

"I don't want your monstrous Kingdom, Laura."

She hissed, her smile gone, wiped away from her face like it was never there, the earrings on her ear dangling from how fast she had snapped her gaze back to Zezi. 

"It's Lady Laura to you!"

But that just made her want more trouble.

Zezi was a ticking time bomb, ready to blow at any moment. It wouldn't be so bad if she took some vampires along with her too.

She took a step forward, looking directly into her eyes that were shifting between red and black fast.

"Laura." She said with emphasis, bringing the disrespect further to light. "What will you do about it?"

It was fast.

Her back was slammed right into the wall, a force that had the potential to wreck her body, she could feel the brick shift a little behind her. 

Her head should be throbbing. 

Her bones should be aching as her wolf tried to speed up healing and help it all fit together, but strangely, she felt... fine. 

Unfazed, in fact. 

She looked up at Laura, whose eyes were still shifting with rage present in whatever shade it was, her face now a mere inch from hers, her aura screaming 'wild.' 

When Zezi saw Laura's raised claws, her lips were the ones to curl into a sinister grin this time around.

"Swipe it across me. Across my face where everyone can see it. Don't forget to use silver."

Laura growled, a threatening sound rumbling from her chest. 

"Why are you hesitating? Hurt me!" She gritted the last two words, her brows furrowing in challenge before they relaxed in fake understanding. "Oh, I get it. Scared of your brother? Don't worry, it can be our little secret, sweetheart." With a slow swipe over her shirt's pocket square, she continued, "Or you can go right ahead for the bloody treat."

She slammed her further into the wall, constraining  Zezi's breathing with the fistful of her gown she held tightly onto.

"Yank my heart out already. I'm sure, it is something we'll both enjoy. Very much."

"I'm going to kill you."

The rage in Laura's voice was boiling over.

As much as Zezi was enjoying this, and hoping that Laura would finally lose it, there was still a need for her to stay alive. Her family was still within the premises, and till they were safe and away, she needed to be a quality guarantee.

"Do it. I'm only afraid your brother won't find it as entertaining as we would. You won't want to upset him now, will you?"

Laura blinked. 

Her brother might have decided not to question her about the half-burnt state of the scroll, but she could sense a little coldness in their relationship ever since last night when he had realized that the scroll had originally been given to her to deliver to him.

She hated that. The unspoken friction that was about to build in between them because of this useless wolf. 

She was walking on thin ice.

Very thin ice and she knew it. 

Although her brother had always protected her, he had recently shown that this creature seriously below them, mattered to him, no matter how little.

He had drawn a thin immunity line around her and she could only push it so far before things would backfire.

She had this stop now. 

In fact, she should have never slammed her into a wall in the first place, but there was just so much about this wolf that made her want to yank her heart out and watch her bleed to death or even drain her blood.

Whatever it was to make her stop existing.

"Laura, stop." 

With speed, Lady Delice pulled her away immediately, saying something to her before she was suddenly looking alright again. 

Zezi squinted her eyes at Laura for a moment, wondering what Lady Delice must have said to her, before she suddenly lost interest again. 

"So you are all bark and no bite. Such a shame. I expected more."

"I'm going to show you all the different kinds of bites I have, but timing is of the essence. Soon you'll be losing the immunity my brother put on you, and you'd better pray because when that time comes, you will be at my mercy. And trust me, I'm not merciful."

To Zezi, that just sounded like noise. Besides, she already got what she needed from her. Laura was now useless.

"Laura!" Lady Delice snapped, standing in front of Laura who was snarling to Zezi again.

"What are you even doing here now? You should have been here since to escort them to the cave. If you had, then I wouldn't be here having to talk to this stain of the earth."

"I came, but I realized they needed a little bit of time to say their goodbye." She held Zezi's gaze briefly, offering sympathy before she quickly turned back to Laura.

Laura said nothing, heading straight for the door in front of them. Delice followed after but she stayed a little bit, asking Zezi as she turned away. 

"Do you want to--"

"No." 

Then she walked down the hallway. 

Although she knew that she didn't trust Lady Delice for many reasons, she couldn't help but feel grateful. Even if she had evil plans for Zezi in the future, making her save her family because she needed them alive to carry that plan out, Zezi was still undeniably happy that she had saved them. Besides, after today she wouldn't even be in her way anymore. 

"Lady Delice?"

"Yes?"

"Thank you."

Without waiting for a response, with speed, gone was she.

Any moment longer, and she might have caught sight of her family, making seeds of doubt sprout in her heart. 

She couldn't risk that.

Slam!

She was back in her room.

It was the late hours of the morning. By this time tomorrow, her family should be far away.

The stolen silver dagger in her hand, tapped against the inside of her left palm, slightly burning her skin at contact, as she sat on the floor right next to her bed. 

By tomorrow night.

She would be history.



###chapter 41 - History 

The day had not passed as quickly as Zezi had wished it to, and neither did the night that followed. 

She had to entertain Gwen's food visit and act normal. Otherwise, Gwen might suspect not only that she was planning to do something but what exactly she was planning to do. 

As loyal as Gwen had seemed to prove herself to be, Zezi was certain that she wouldn't approve of her taking her own life. 

Gwen was obsessed with the idea of having a Queen, she always had been from the very start. 

Whatever would stand in the way of that not happening would definitely not earn her support.

So, Zezi acted as normally as she could, thanking her for her participation in saving her family's life over and over again, while she asked questions about the Castle and the customs of Lavida. 

Disregarding the thought that her Lady might be moving on too quickly from the abrupt loss of her family, Gwen was more than delighted to enlighten the future Queen about all she needed to know moving forward.

In fact, she was overjoyed that she was taking this step, and so as not to cause her a relapse or rethink, she deliberately stayed away from any talk that might bring that up.

Everything was back to the way it used to be; with her family out of the Castle, she locked up in a room, and vampires guarding the door.

Anyways, she would only have to endure this for a few more hours.

The real thought that burdened her heart was not being able to talk to her family, not being able to use the pack link to talk to Aunt Alice, and the look in George's eyes when he realized that giving up was the only option they were stuck with, the way her daughter had been crying because the evil blood in her had made her hurt George.

They all burned into her memory.

It took everything in her, not to break down and just cry. 

Thankfully, the day had rolled into the night, and the next morning without her having to deal with meeting the King or him summoning her. 

She was entirely glad about that. 

It was like Fate was on her side for once.

It had been a while since she felt so lucky.

***

Her face basked in the gentle ray of the morning sun, finally it was today.

Zezi smiled as her gaze passed over the other side of the castle. Below, there were servants walking around, some with horses. Then, there were warriors, walking behind a person that was unmistakably, Laura.

"That dagger is worth more than your souls. Find it!" Laura snapped at the guards behind her. She looked up briefly to catch Zezi staring down at her but she looked away.

She had more important things to do right now than bother herself with a wolf.

Zezi chuckled as she watched them in distress.

Today started great, alright. 

Gwen caught a glimpse of her laughing mistress as she set up her table for breakfast. Observing the great mood she was in, her curiosity peaked and she asked her why she was happy. 

"Today is just a perfect day." That was Zezi's vague answer before she settled down to eat.

Then night came. 

Gwen had come in as usual, and served her dinner. As much as she was glad that her Lady had moved on, Gwen couldn't help but finally ask her Mistress if she was missing her family and if there was any way for her to help. 

Maybe she was just bottling it all up and needed a safe space to release it all. In one of the books Lady Delice had once given to her, she had read that one could never really move on, until proper closure was done.

Her Lady had moved on too fast.

Did she even have proper closure?

"No." Zezi shook her head, a smile on her face. "You have already done enough. You are a wonderful mother, Gwen, I hope your kids appreciate that."

"My bats? Of course, they do." She said, wheeling out the trolley. "Are you sure there is nothing I can do, Milady?"

"No, Gwen. Thank you."

"Are you---"

"Really." She dropped her fork gently on her place, holding Gwen's gaze in deep unfiltered gratitude. "Thank you."

"You are welcome, Milady. Alright then." She said with a chuckle, returning to a conversation they were having before and saying she would tell her husband and kids about it. 

Gwen never got tired of telling her family about the things that came up during her work. 

Zezi just hoped she would spare them the gory details of the state of her room and body when she would be narrating her death to her family the next day or that very night.

The door shut firmly and Zezi flicked off the light, leaving the room in absolute darkness. 

A sudden wave of aloofness hit her and she hissed. 

That emotion, was without a doubt, not hers. 

Sadness crept over her, then a distant worry. 

One that made her a little agitated. 

Ahhhhh! She hated this!

These emotions were all the King's. She usually felt them when they were at the peak and she had been dealing with it since the moment she opened her eyes. The more these feelings seeped through her veins, the more she remembered why, and the more she felt like ending it. 

As if she didn't already have it bad with the mate bond, this connection was nothing but pure torture.

Feeling the feelings of an enemy. What could be worse?

Her hand slipped under her dressing table, pulling out the stolen dagger she had carefully hidden.

It was only a surprise that Lady Laura wasn't questioning her yet, she seemed to be searching for it vigorously.

But then again, she understood.

A mere wolf, stealing her most precious dagger from her, a vampire, the Right hand to the King. 

That line of thought was exactly what Zezi had been banking on, and she was more than happy to know that it was working.

Her finger hovered on the blade, swiping across the glittering sharp edge of the dagger, that seemed to glitter under the moonlight.

Slash!

In a blink, she let the blade slit her throat in a sharp line.

A gasp.

The pain that went through her was quick, she dropped to her knees with a thud, her blood flowing down the white gown she had decided to wear for tonight, a tiny smile stretching to her lips as her eyes glistened with her pain. 

Her heart was losing its beats, her hand losing its grip and her sight fading away.

History.



###chapter 42 - Thorn In The Side*
Trigger warning. Slight gore. Like, really slight.

____

Motionless, she laid on the floor.

The curtain flapping from the wind that was blowing inside, the moonlight glittering down her slit-open throat that had blood still sipping out of it, flowing down her neck and dissolving further into her white gown, an inky red stain down the waistline of her dress.

Some blood had dripped to the floor too, causing the red sticky liquid to stand out sharply against the gray tiles beneath.

Everything was quiet, like an honorable minute of silence for the dead. 

Seconds passed and nothing changed. 

Not the frozen smile on her face, nor the look of utmost satisfaction in those lifeless, opened dazed eyes.

A perfect departure.

Then...

A twitch of a pinky.

Abrupt halt.

Slowly, under the light of the moon, dark blood rushed to the surface of the opened throat, then the flesh at either side of the slit pulled together, like careful needlework, only that there was no needle or thread. 

Only blood.

Sealed up.

The throat that had been ripped apart was now whole again. Nothing to show for the state it had been in a while ago, except the blood.

Motionless, she still laid.

A second.

Two seconds.

Three. 

Four.

Five.

Six.

Sev---

"Ahhhhhhh."

A sharp, shaky, heavy inhale.

Her body shot up, her hand over her neck that should be split open.

Her eyes filled with confusion as she looked around and took in her surroundings. 

It was dark but she could see. 

Perfectly.

This was the room she had been given in the Vampire's Castle. 

She staggered up.

Her heart. 

Thud.

Thud.

Thud. 

It was beating.

As shaky as her unstable legs were, she struggled to get to her dressing table.

She needed to see, to believe.

She flicked the lights on, staring back at her reflection, as one thought flashed through her mind.

Dead.

Her hands ran up her neck again, the red metallic-smelling liquid staining her fingers red. 

She should be dead.

Why wasn't she dead?!

That dagger was silver. It had burnt her flesh.

SHE SHOULD BE DEAD!

The plastic bottles she swept her hands against in anger, hit the floor with loud clunks. 

Her knees buckled under her but she gripped the table firmly before she landed on the ground.

Her breathing was heavy and loud, as her mind raced over the different possible reasons why she wasn't dead.

His blood.

That vampire, whatever he was, his blood flowed in her veins. 

It had to be the one stopping her from dying. 

Her rage boiled over.

She took a bottle of oil and threw it at the door, which flung open just at that moment.

Gwen was quick to duck.

"Mi--" she stifled a gasp, her face horrified, before her hand shut the door mindlessly behind her, her body freezing with shock.

Zezi smirked. 

A creature that lusts after blood had just walked in on her, covered in blood.

Perfect. 

If she couldn't die by the blade, maybe she could die by the drain. 

All this red liquid nutrient should be getting Gwen hungry already.

How much Zezi wished it had been someone else, like Laura. 

The consequences of this would be dire and Gwen had been nice to her. At least.

"Are you hungry, Gwen?" She said, walking closer to her, raising her bloodied fingers to her. If she had any super control, it would be breaking. This room smelt entirely of her blood. "You should be. You can drink from me."

Gwen's eyes darted up to her Mistress.

What was she doing?!

"Milady---"

"Don't fight it. Just go for it."

The long moments that passed between them were tension-filled. Zezi drew her claw right through her left palm, so that Gwen could catch the way it dripped out of her hand, down to the floor. 

Being enraged with waste, while the knowledge that there was more where that came from, would dominate her mind and block off her logical thinking.

Fresh blood always smelt sweet. 

Gwen could still remember how she had almost fed from her Mistress while she was conscious. 

Her blood had been so enticing.

The King's blood hadn't really mixed with her Mistress's own then, but now, the presence was unmistakable.

"I don't want your blood."

"W-what?"

"You smell of the King." She said, with a painful grit. "A power we are subdued to."

Zezi's smile fell. 

Why was her life so miserable?

"Perfect." She chuckled.

Gwen looked around, taking in the horrifying state of the room. As much as she was a vampire, the sight of blood like this, wasn't something she liked, especially not when it concerned someone she cared about. 

Her eyes widened when she caught sight of the dagger laying in a puddle of blood.

"Milady!" She shouted, hurrying over to it. "Did you try to--"

"Yes," she shrugged. "It didn't work."

She picked up the dagger, dropped it on the table, and then returned to clean the mess.

"Why?"

"Because I hate it here. I'm forced to part with my family and stand by the side of a creature that represents everything I despise. His father killed my family. Vampires. Draining my pack, one by one."

She had been right, her Mistress didn't get the right closure. Whatever Gwen wanted to say about the present vampires being different, didn't feel appropriate. So, instead, she opted for comforting words.

"I'm really sorry that happened to you."

"Oh, well." Another dismissive shrug, and a distant smile. With dread, she pushed the next words out of her mouth. "So, the silver didn't kill me. Am I a vampire now?"

Gwen mopped the floor once again, a shadow of a smile on her lips.

"That is not how it works. You are still what you are, only that His Majesty's blood flows in you."

Zezi nodded.

"So when will it leave? Tell me."

"The blood protects and not everyone can take the King's blood except his mate."

That word made her very angry. 

"When will the blood wane?"

"In some time."

"When exactly?"

"I don't know."

She started mopping the floor again. At this point, it was already clean. 

Gwen must be very used to cleaning blood. 

But of course, it would be nothing to her. 

Like she was cleaning up after a meal.

"Will you tell the King about this?"

"It is my duty to."

"You will not," she stated firmly.

"Milady."

"I won't try it again."

"Because you know that for now, it's useless. Milady, will you please just give the King a chance? A chance to His Majesty is a chance to us all. I know of what you have suffered but you must know that we were not a part of it. This is cruel, especially to His Majesty. He really deserves to be happy."

"I don't care about your King's happiness." She flopped into the dressing chair. With her red-stained gown, she must look like a sight. "I am not happy."

"But--"

"Tell me what is in that bloodoath. Since I will have to be alive for a while, I think it is now necessary that I know."

Gwen frowned, clearly displeased.

"Forgive me, Milady but attempting to take your life again is stupid."

"What?"

Gwen shrugged.

"Even the first time was dumb enough." 

Zezi was too shocked to speak.

"Whatever sacrifice you think you are making now will lose value, once you are gone. His Majesty will take his anger out on your people."

The words were like ice to her heart, fire igniting her scars. They were true.

"He will take your 'family' down first."

That was true. He had threatened to do that before.

If he felt the need to, he could.

She knew.

Her heart was pounding in her chest.

Why hadn't she thought any of this through in the first place?

"What is on that bloodoath?" She asked, her voice a little shaky.

Gwen told her everything, including the reason why she had ran back up here in the first place.

"No. Your King can keep his emergency invite. I don't want to see him."



###chapter 43 - Dagger To The Heart*

Whatever she had expected as the consequences of her refusal, wasn't what had happened. 

What had happened?

Well, nothing. 

It was surprising but that had been it. 

Knowing that she had practically given the totality of herself away in the bloodoath, which, regarding what Gwen had said, had only worked because she really wanted at heart to save her family, also being caught in between knowing that his blood in her would really keep her from harming herself for an undisclosed amount of time and the thought that killing herself would bring more harm than good, Zezi was left with no only option than to wait her dilemma out.

She still had the silver dagger with her though, although her purpose for it had now changed. 

She planned to quickly exhaust the blood's power in her veins, by always marking herself with it.

The day it stings and heals very slowly, she would know that had finally gotten rid of the vile.

She really hoped that would happen sooner than she thought it would. The amount of despair and rage she was feeling was overwhelming. 

Hopefully, along the line, the King would get tired of her and let her go.

She chuckled in her head.

What a ridiculous thought. 

That wasn't going to happen. 

There was another option that seemed more possible though.

Some time ago, she had read somewhere that as long as the vampires hadn't marked their mate, their life span was still the same as it normally would be.

So probably, she would grow old and die. 

Yet again, that was very unlikely. 

The mark on her neck was fading away and soon she would be without it. Which meant that she might succumb to the need for her 'mate' and would seek for him herself.

Her fingers skimmed over the stick figures she was drawing. 

This was Mira, George, and Aunt Alice. For someone with a wide imagination, she had no artistic skills. If only she could just download the images in her mind, right down on paper. 

How lovely that would be.

Purposely, she had ensured not to include herself in her masterpiece.

The gentle knock on the door seeped into her ears. 

Gwen was here once again to give her dinner. She was always punctual, also, Zezi didn't bother to put up the attitude of not eating. The least of all the things she needed right now was for the King to know what was going on in her head. 

Besides, Gwen would be forced to tell him about what she had done recently if she seemed to be acting out of order. Smelling the King on her all the time was already enough torture; now, having him in her business would completely screw her up. 

Worst, he might decide that toying with his hold on her wasn't enough and finally mark her.

There was a seventy percent chance of that happening already.

Either way, she was doomed to this life. 

The best she could do right now, was try to give herself time before the ultimate torment would crash down on her. 

Her hand shot up to her neck, and she hissed in pain from the sizzling heat the mark on her neck gave her.

"Milady!" Gwen busted in, not waiting to hear a "come in." "Are you alright?"

Zezi left her sketchbook on the bed, standing up and giving her a smile. 

"Close the door behind you."

She did so hurriedly, but not before sniffing the air and giving her Mistress a quick one over. 

"Are you alright?"

"I'm fine." She sat down at the dining chair, ready for their usual routine.

"Milady, the dagger you used--"

"I threw it away."

She was lying.

They both knew. 

But Gwen nodded.

"Where is the trolley?"

She fell on her knees quickly, her head bowed, her gaze fixed on the ground, and her hands curled into fists on her thighs. 

"His Majesty wants you to join him for dinner." 

Zezi closed her eyes briefly, taking in a deep breath.

This was starting to get really annoying.

"You already know my answer." She opened her eyes. "No. If he asks again, don't even bother to ask me, just tell him no."

This was just so ridiculous.

After everything he had done, he expected her to sit down at the same table with him, and eat?

The last dinner had gone *greatly*, she really wanted to *relive* the experience.

He must know that. 

How very considerate of him.

"Milady, please--" Gwen's voice was quiet and a little broken. 

Zezi frowned, that didn't sound right. 

At that moment, she realized something. The long sleeves of the long yellow gown that Gwen was wearing.

She had seen this before.

She went on her knees quickly, pulling the sleeves up before Gwen snapped her hand away with a jerk.

Zezi gritted her teeth, her eyes shining with annoyance.

"I--I fell."

A slow smile sneaked up her lips. 

"Of course, sorry. For someone stuck in a room, I understand how slippery the floor can get sometimes. Imagine you who has to walk around the castle."

Gwen squinted her eyes, that didn't sound very convincing and her Mistress's heartbeat wasn't giving away anything.

"Milady?"

"Hold that thought. I'm suddenly in the mood for dinner with the King." She sprung up, twirling in front of her. "How do I look?"

"G-good."

Zezi's smile widened.

She was lying. It wasn't always so easy to tell whenever Gwen was lying before, but she was presently a nervous wreck; knowing her for a while was also helping.

"Very good." She rose to her feet. "Maybe I should style your hair."

"I don't think I need that. I look good. Besides, I have to run. I wouldn't want to keep His Majesty waiting."

Gwen smiled.

That was a change she hadn't expected.

She quickly led her Mistress out of the room, who, unknown to her, had a dagger firmly tied to her inner thigh.

Zezi smiled to herself, the closer she felt they were getting to the dining hall. 

The moment the dining hall's door swung open, her gaze landed right on him.

He was at the far head of the table.

She breezed in, moving closer to him, her hand darting underneath her gown to get the dagger.

Once she had it in her hand, she sent it flying across the dining hall, making it plant right into his chest, where his heart should be.



###chapter 44 - An Enemy Of My Enemy 
With speed she was in front of him, her hand on the handle of the danger, while her gaze burned down into his cold ones.

Her hands curled around the dagger, twisting it.

A normal person would be dead, would painfully let a grunt of pain slip, would furrow their eyebrows in agonizing fury.

But he wasn't a normal person.

She knew this wouldn't kill him but oh, how much she wished it would.

She just felt so much bottled-up rage towards him, hurting him or even attempting to, like this, pleased her greatly.

"Your problem is with me!" The words pushed out through gritted teeth, her lips curled into a snarl, her eyes dangerously flashing blue.

"Why do you punish her for a choice that is not her own to make? If you lay a finger on my own again, I will do the same to what you have been delusional enough to think is yours."

She could hear Gwen mumbling in the distance, trying to tell her to stop, some gasps and mumblings besides  hers, then abrupt silence.

The King stood up slowly, his hand on hers as he pulled the dagger out with blood dripping from the edge.

The tingles were always there.

The instinctive warm feeling of safety, 

Damn them!

She yanked her hand away from his, holding the dagger firmly to herself.

He was standing straight now, his gaze boring down on her as he towered over her.

"I'm your King, you don't speak to me in that manner." His voice was controlled and powerful but she was too angry to be fazed by it.

Her eyes caught on the way his eyes darkened several shades and the zigzag line ink that spilled beneath the skin around his neck, up towards his face. 

She remembered how he had done this in the car, in the hallway, and to George.

She could hear thuds as the people around them dropped suddenly to their knees, the force and dominating aura that rolled out of him in waves almost compelled her to do the same, but she rebelled against it.

She couldn't even figure out where this strength to stand her ground was coming from.

Of course. His blood!

"My threat stands." She took a step forward. "Leave Gwen alone."

She took a step back then, a smile on her lips, her voice a little light.

"You may continue with your dinner. Lady Delice," she gave her a smile and tilted her head a little in a bow. "Laura." Her smile broadened as she placed the dagger on the table, having now soiled it with the King's blood. "I believe you must have missed it by now. Don't worry, I took great care of it while it was in my possession." With a finger, she pushed the dagger by its handle, closer in Laura's direction. "Yours."

The Princess hissed, showing her fangs before her eyes raked over the dagger and her hands curled into fists on the table.

"Your Majesty." She tilted her head in a mockery bow.

He was still standing, looking at her with those cold eyes. Hopefully, she would eventually piss him off enough to want to get rid of her. 

After that, she turned and left. 

"Your M-majesty, please fo-forgive me, forgive m--me. Th-is will never happen again. Punish me, my Lady is in a bad state and she can't-- please punish me." Gwen begged, still on her knees, tears flowing ceaselessly down her cheeks.

"You may go."

Gwen looked up in absolute confusion, but she heard it, she was sure those were the King's words. So, without testing her luck any further, she ran right out of the dining hall, going after her Lady to ensure that she wouldn't do something so brash again. 

***

The pride was immense. 

This was only the beginning. As long as she was here, she would ensure to make their lives hell. 

For now, that would serve the King. There were some lines that he shouldn't cross, he should know.

Suddenly, someone bumped roughly into her, but as she turned, the person was gone. Instead, all she could see was Gwen, who was walking as quickly as possible to catch up with her. 

She paused, holding Gwen by the shoulder and giving her a one-over.

"Did he do anything again?" The time of her question did little to hide her underlying yet again dangerous intent. "I expected that you would follow me immediately."

"That was brash, Milady."

"Torturing you for something you can't control is wrong, and if he tries it one more time, I will do just as I've said."

As unwavering as her threat sounded, Zezi wondered if it truly held any standing, considering that she couldn't hurt herself even if she tried, but he didn't know that.

His lack of knowledge of that made the threat enough.

"Should I still get the trolley?" Gwen asked as they started walking towards her Mistress's room.

"No. I feel full." Her eyes twinkled with delight, as she slipped into her room and slammed the door shut behind her.

Feeling the need for a bath in order to wash off the King's touch and any possible splash of blood from this late evening's activity, she took off her gown and stayed in her undergarment.

Picking it off the floor to toss it in a laundry basket, a piece of paper fell from it. 

She smiled.

That must be the stick figure drawing of her family. 

Picking it up, she wondered if framing it would be a nice idea. 

She unfolded the paper and immediately tossed it on the dressing table like it was fire burning her skin. 

It wasn't what she felt that had made her do that... but she smelt. 

Blood and wolfsbane.

Wolfsbane was dangerous to werewolves and very rare, as rare as the only creature that could acquire them. 

Blood Witches.

Who could have done this? Who was a Blood Witch or knew a Blood Witch in this castle? 

Zezi's eyes widened as she remembered something.

The person who bumped into her in the hallway.

With her heart, she peaked to see if the paper contained any message.

It did.

Written with Blood and wolfsbane were these bold words in rough handwriting.

'AN ENEMY OF MY ENEMY IS MY FRIEND. 

HELLO, FRIEND.'



###chapter 45 - On Thin Ice
The dagger could have been easily avoided but it was such a thrill to have her willing close by, trying to reach into his heart, even if what she had with her was a blade that seamlessly cut through flesh and not a heart of her own. 

His gaze flickered to the dagger and stayed there for a while, his blood on the blade, no one daring to reach for it. 

That dagger was now his, he would get Laura another.

"What else is going to go wrong in this castle?" His sister's angry voice seeped into his ears. "I already have scars from the punishment of scaring the little thing last time."

A quick hand held her hand underneath the table to caution her, but Laura pulled away from Delice's hold. She was far too angry to reason. 

"Soon she'll be running the whole place. A mere wolf!"

"Laura," Delice called out in a quick whisper, her voice filled with fear for her best friend.

The more Laura talked about the wolf that had suddenly been forced into their lives by the power of that ridiculous bond, the more her anger grew, her sight turning into a shade of red.

Her fingers curled around the goblet on the table and she raised it to her lips, hissing as she drank the blood in one gulp. 

Slam!

The bottom of the goblet hit the hard surface. 

"A despicable creature."

That did it.

He picked up his goblet, sipping leisurely.

"What do you just call my mate?"

The dining hall became deadly quiet, and the anger rising in Laura died immediately, sensing the threat in her brother's voice. 

"I--I---" she began to say but words deserted her.

"Seems you didn't learn your lesson the last time." His gaze was fixed on her, and she stiffened; her eyes shone with fear as the thoughts about what had happened the last time she had attacked that useless wolf with silver flashed through her mind. 

It had only been a scratch, but oh, did she suffer?

Absolutely.

She had to go without blood for a week. 

It hampered her training and made her feel weak.

A whole week!

All just because of a scratch on a mere wolf!

"I'm sure you will enjoy your time in the dungeon."

The words hardly finished leaving his mouth when she sprung up to her feet.

"I'm your sister, Your Majesty. The Princess of Lavida. You cannot send me to the dungeon," the words bounced off her lips with distaste. A person of high royalty in a place like that. A whole princess to be treated like a prisoner. Her honor would never recover. Desperate, she turned to her friend for help. "Delice, tell me."

Delice nodded frantically, afraid to come in, yet scared to leave her friend at the King's brutal mercy.

"Your Majesty..."

"You will be there for only a day. If it were anybody else, they would stay there for the rest of their very long life." His gaze was fixed on her once again and she found herself bowing her head in submission. "A disrespect to my mate is a disrespect to me. You will ensure not to make the same mistake again, Laura."

The chair scraped the floor loudly as she dropped to her knees, feeling restrained and controlled by a powerful force, so powerful that her body screamed with pain. She pressed her lips together, trying to restrain her groans. She wasn't about to lose face in front of the guards standing in the shadow. 

She felt increasingly angry too. It had been so long since her brother used his command on her like this.

"Yes, Your Majesty." The words pushed out of her mouth, then suddenly the pain left. She pushed forward in a subtle jerk, rising to her feet quickly.

"Take her away."

Her eyes widened. 

"This is ridiculous." Hands were on her immediately. "Get your hands off me. I can walk!"

With that, the guards followed her out of the dining hall. 

She would make that pesky wolf pay for this. How? She didn't know yet but she would get around it eventually and certainly. 

No one crossed her and remained unharmed.

***

Even for the creatures of the night, in the dark was where evil was committed the most. So much evil that the sky cries.

Weeps and thunders, lightning sparks to reveal, but the second of light on the dark land could only do so much. 

The lightning flashed again, revealing the speeding person in the rain through the path in the forest. 

The figure moved with so much speed that nothing could be told about them until they came to a stop right in front of the tall black gates of the Castle.

The person was covered from head to toe with a black raincoat and black rain boots. With a quick maneuver and little words spoken to the guards, the person passed through the gates and now walked at a quick pace to the Castle's back door. 

A pace not too fast to be suspicious and not too slow to affect him/her.

The person's boots made contact with the wet ground, as he/she headed to the back door of the Castle. With a discreet pull, he/she swung the door open and sneaked into the Castle, then up the stairs to a very familiar door that was Lady Delice's. 

Creek. 

It opened quickly and in stepped the person, into the warm room with a colourful ambiance. The walls were painted with a light shade of purple, the books Lady Delice had just recently borrowed from the library were littered across her study table, the purple laid bed in front of the person was empty and cold, like the wind blowing outside the close windows with gray designed curtains over them.

All was well now.

She was in her room, she could get rid of this. 

Delice took off the raincoat, putting it away as quickly as possible.

Until a knock came against her door and she stiffened.

The thought of who could be at the other side of the door made her go cold and her heart filled with immeasurable fear.

No.

It couldn't be.



###chapter 46 - Toxic

The knock came again.

And again. 

Delice moved around the room quickly, searching for something... and hiding something.

"My Lady? Are you in there?"

Finally, the door swung open, and Delice flashed the guard a warm smile.

"How may I help you?"

"My Lady." She bowed his head lightly in respect, before standing straight. "Princess Laura has sent me here to tell you that she has been released."

"Oh." She said flatly with a blink. "Of course, thank you. Anything else?"

"No, My Lady."

"You may take your leave."

She bowed again, then left. 

Delice shut the door, her hands a little shaky. She picked up the raincoat from where she had hidden it in haste earlier, then marched to her wardrobe, tucking it away to the deepest part of it.

That wasn't Laura had she had feared it would be. What a relief, but she would still have to see her soon. 

She must freshen up quickly, it would be bad news for Laura to know about where she had been.

In no time, she had taken her bath, changed her dress, and applied fresh fragrance.

That should do. 

She sprinted out of her room and rushed down the hallway to Laura's room. 

Before she knocked, the door flung open.

"You! I was about to come to you."

The anger was unmistakable and expected. She hated Zezi and to know that she was thrown into the dungeon on her account, she certainly wouldn't be fine with it.

Laura smelt like the dungeon, it was so unpleasant. She smelt like pain and anguish, but she looked very put together, she still had on her coat, but her white shirt was stained here and there.

"I'm so glad you are alright." Delice attempted to pull her in for an embrace after shutting the door but Laura pulled away. 

"I stink."

She started pacing around.

"I was locked in the dungeon!" She fumbled, her hands picking up a bottle and dropping it back on her experiment table.

"I am a Princess. I was locked with the lowest of the powers of our kingdom. Stupid vampires, happy to have me in their midst." She ran her hand through her hair, freeing her already loose ponytail from its bond. "I can't stand how I smell. Give me a moment."

She was in the bathroom next and out with a dress, running around to style her hair, putting in her earrings, and applying fragrance.

Delice watched her, silence settling in between them.

"I still haven't said anything about the stunt you pulled." She snapped, looking away from the mirror as she put on her bracelet; her gaze blurring with anger. 

Delice froze on the edge of the bed where she had decided to sit while waiting for Laura to come out of the bathroom earlier.

She hated it whenever she was like this.

Angry, illogical, and out for blood.

"What stunt?" She asked, picking her words.

Her eyes squinted further in anger as she walked closer to her, making Delice look up at her.

"I tossed that pathetic plea in the fire for it to get devoured by the flames not delivered to my brother."

Laura had not confronted her about this before. She should have seen it coming. It was inevitable.

"Laura, I just... I thought..."

"It was an accident? That's a lie, you know me very well to know that it was not. You should have pushed it further in the flames."

"That is not right," Delice said, standing up.

"If you had just done that instead of being 'oh so good', you would have been Queen by now and we would have gotten rid of that unnecessary baggage." She shouted in her face and Delice stiffened once again. Laura let out a sigh, rolling her eyes at how petrified Delice looked. Then she lowered her voice like she was talking to a child who should already know what she was talking about but was too daft to grasp, her hands gently on Delice's shoulders.

"Don't you love my brother?"

"I do," She said, looking down. "You keep asking me."

Her grip on her shoulders tightened.

"Because you keep acting like you don't!" Her voice became low again. "If you love him as much as you claim," she dropped her hand away from one of Delice's shoulders, snaking a finger underneath her chin instead, and raising her face to look straight at her, "you must try to make him pick you at all cost. Even if it means getting rid of that pathetic wolf." 

Her eyebrows scrunched up in an incoming boiling rage. "Mate my foo---" her voice trailed off, her face relaxing before it gave way into a frown.

Delice bit her tongue, realizing what could be amiss.

Oh no.

"What's that smell? It stinks." Her hands dropped from Delice's shoulders as she leaned further in, her nose almost grazing Delice's neck.

This time around, when Laura grabbed her shoulders, the pain was bone-crushing.

"Were you out in the rain tonight?" Her voice was deadly low. "You smell of mud."

"No." She answered firmly, keeping the pain away from her voice. 

"Good." Her grip loosened. "Because I don't want you anywhere near that grave. The past is the past. My brother will not be so keen to pick you if he knows you have all that baggage. He already has enough himself. You have to be perfect. Absolutely flawless."

"I'm trying, Laura." She couldn't hide the weakness that seeped into her voice this time. 

"Try harder." She raised an eyebrow at her. "Try hard enough and you will be everything he needs." 

Then she pulled her into an embrace that Delice soon relaxed into. "I'm proud of how far you have come, we just have a little longer to go. Will you make me proud, Delice?"

"I'll make you proud."

"That is why I love you so much." She pressed a kiss to her forehead, smiling down at Delice, who smiled in return to Laura who pulled her into an embrace again.

No one deserved to be Queen except for her perfect Delice.



###chapter 47 - A Tricky Summon 
The King's Summon was never good news, especially not when the potentiality of a wrong made directly or indirectly laid in the past.

Gwen had been summoned by the King; she knew the implication and her cold heart was heavy with impending grief.

Lose of herself most likely, she had every intention to give herself away to protect her family if it came to that. Too bad, her Mistress wouldn't know that she had died for her crimes. She thought she was protecting her, but truly, her Mistress had only just put her in harm's way.

She understood her reaction, though; for someone who had lost everything, she was questing for something else to protect, and she had picked her. 

If only she knew that the 'protection' was no protection at all but a threat to her soul and the souls of her entire family. 

It had only been a day since her Mistress had matched into the dining hall and drove a dagger through the King's heart, and already the consequences were waiting for her. In fact, maybe it was good that it was happening now; she had lived in fear right from the moment it had all happened.

Gwen pulled the blanket over Zezi, whose face was scrunched up in a frown, a glistering tear running down her cheek. 

While she was awake, she always acted like she was strong, but when she was not so on guard like this, asleep, it all came out. 

Her hand brushed lightly over her Mistress's head, which was getting sweaty. 

Was she having a nightmare?

Zezi turned to her side before Gwen could conclude on that. She had to leave anyway.

Also, Gwen had decided not to tell Zezi about the King's Summon. Her Mistress might just make everything worse in her attempt to settle it all. 

"Goodnight, Milady." She tucked the pillow, adjusting it for her Mistress's comfort. "Goodbye too."

***

Dumbfounded.

In fact, that word wasn't doing it justice. The emotion Gwen was feeling was beyond dumbfounded.

A whole lot of emotions in the shock department would do well to express it, yet, Gwen feared that still wouldn't be enough.

When she had stepped into the King's study, a lot of thoughts about what awaited her had gone through her mind but this wasn't even one of them.

"Your... Majesty?" She looked up from where she had fallen to her knees, to the King, who was sitting in his chair, behind a desk, his eyes fixed on the laptop in front of him.

Modern technology equipment wasn't something accessible to all, in fact, it was rarely used. Many of them were still used to the Crude way of life they lived during the Dark Times. Technology was still slowly seeping in though, especially in the castle.

But Gwen was more concerned about how this meeting would end than what would become of technology in the near future. 

In fact, the King's first statement lit hope in her heart. Maybe she could come out of this with her soul intact after all.

With a click, he closed down the laptop, his cold gaze on her. She looked down to the ground again, her hands a little shaky. 

"I see that my mate has taken a liking to you. I wish she could look upon me with the same 'light' in her eyes. You are one of us. How did you buy her heart?" 

How?

Suddenly all her thoughts deserted her. 

Where were they when she needed them the most?!

"I was k--kind."

No. Her head rang bells and she looked up quickly. " I'm not saying you are not kind, not, your Majesty---"

"I am not kind." His voice bounced off the cold walls of the study. There was no need for her to sugarcoat him to himself, that was a job he had given her regarding his mate. She had obviously failed at that aspect because days after she arrived, his mate had walked in on him devouring one of the treacherous vampires' souls.

He had believed she would take a liking to him if she was made to think of him in a 'good light' but that had obviously failed. 

Besides, he knew himself. He knew that he wasn't kind.

"Well, you might have to be a little kind, ahh, more kind, your Majesty."

Kind.

That word again. It was starting to piss him off but he wasn't questioning Gwen for him. He was questioning her to know what his mate liked. So this, he would endure.

"Kind. Hmmm." He tapped his fingers against the surface of his table, the small action filling the study with its clicking sound. It was deadly quiet till he spoke again. 

"How shall I be kind? Tell me?"

Gwen's eyes brightened. Feeling a little relaxed, her senses had returned back to her. 

What a relief. 

She could do this. 

"Like the way you decided to give her time to mark her instead of forcing your mark on her. That was very kind of Your Majesty. That was the kindest--"

"That wasn't me. Doctor Bruce convinced me it was the right thing to do."

Her words died on her tongue. Okay, that could be fixed, she just had to think fast.

Very fast.

"What about the way you didn't kill her family?" She asked with a pressured smile, holding her hands on her thighs tightly, praying to her stars while she blinked in expectation of an answer that she hoped for.

"Lady Delice said it was..." he paused, frowning lightly. "What was that word again? Oh, 'heartfelt thing to do'."

Gwen could feel herself slipping away fast. She was getting off her game too quickly, she could feel her body shaking slightly again. More than before this time.

This couldn't be her end. Lady Delice had given her books to keep her children busy and her husband promised her a different bedroom activity tonight. She couldn't miss it.

There had to be - no - there must be something! 

"Your Majesty, you must learn to be kind on your own, people will not be there to tell you what to do at every move."

She should definitely cut off her tongue because it had just put her in a lot of trouble.



###chapter 48 - Mystery In The Castle 
The King arched an eyebrow at her. His mate's bravery was rubbing off on her maid. He should be angered but he wasn't, not because of the baseless threat she had made while she had driven a dagger through his heart in the dining hall, he knew that his blood was still present in her veins, any attempt to hurt her, either by herself or anyone else would be futile but he enjoyed how things were going. 

He found them, sought of, interesting.

"Oh! And the dinner?! The one before she was taken to see her family!"

Gwen bit her tongue before her tongue had the chance to sabotage her further by adding, 'In the dungeon that you threw them into, your Majesty.'

He leaned further into his seat, repressing a smile, feeling his ego triple. 

Pride.

"That was me."

She clapped. Her eyes misted with tears from how glad she was that had not been answered in the negative.

"You have the potential, your Majesty. We just need to sharpen it!"

His frown deepened.

Too far. 

Her gaze was fixed on the floor again. 

"My apologies."

The King sat back in his seat, smiling to himself. 

Kind.

Him. Kind. 

Well, he could do that. In fact, now that he was thinking about it, kind was something he could be very good at.

He could even step it up.

He could be... more kind!

***

She really should have just kept her mouth shut. 

Because now, she was on her knees begging her mistress to accept another of the King's invites. 

"Did he do something to you again?" Zezi asked, looking up and down at her quizzically. She didn't have her long sleeves anymore, nor her overflowing gown.

But what if he had not hurt her but her family? 

Zezi's heart raced. 

Had she put Gwen in trouble instead of offering her protection?

Oh no.

Had the King caught up on her threat being useless and punished Gwen?

"No, my Lady."

Relief. 

"Then get up. I hate seeing you on your knees." She looked away, going through her wardrobe. "I need to change this wardrobe; it has no fight-appropriate dresses. Do you think the training room will be open? I can't just sit in my room all day doing nothing." She pushed away the like of gowns hung in the wardrobe. "Like I'm so bored. Gwen?" She asked when she received no answer, then she moved away from the wardrobe, peeking out to see her.

"Gwen?"

She rolled her eyes, taking in an annoyed breath.

"What are you still doing on your knees? I said I don't like it."

Gwen looked up, her face begging, her voice doing the same.

"Please, Milady, it's just another dinner, but to the King, it means a lot. Give him a chance. A chance for the King is a chance for us, for the whole Kingdom. Please, Milady, give us a chance."

A whole Kingdom.

Well, speaking of pressure.

"I'm not in the mood for this." She said with a dismissive sigh, looking through her wardrobe once again. "Do you think the swords in the training room are available to everyone? Also, why are there so little technological equipments here? I want a gun. I'm lagging behind in trai---" she paused, observing Gwen again. This time she was angry. "Gwen! Raise your head and stand up."

She paused, taking in her position and how adamant she was, as she walked closer to her, with her eyes studying Gwen carefully

"Did he threaten your family?"

"No!" She defended him way too quickly.

After long moments of staring down at her, she said, "I'll go."

That should be enough to make her happy. 

First job, done well. 

Or was the job done at all? 

Gwen could still remember that this had been how her Mistress had accepted his Majesty's invite the last time and driven a dagger into his chest. The only way she had been able to get away with it was because she was his mate. In fact, the only reason it had happened in the first place was because of who she was to his Majesty. 

Their King had let it happen. 

That didn't matter though. Gwen wanted to ensure that the action wouldn't be repeating itself.

"The King didn't threaten my family, Milady. You have to know that he has been nothing but kind to me."

"You've said that before and I said I'll go."

Moments of silence.

Short moments that were starting to seem too long.

Zezi caught her reluctance quickly and smiled in understanding.

"Don't worry, I have no daggers with me." She ended with a chuckle and a shrug. Then she turned away towards the wardrobe. "Now come help me pick a dress and maybe style my hair when it's time for this dinner."

Gwen smiled slowly, standing up and following after her Mistress.

The King had asked her yesterday to do this, and she had decided to stay on her knees begging after she had set her Mistress breakfast, just in case she would need the whole day to convince her. She felt absolutely in luck that she didn't need the whole day. 

Oh, how lucky.

But she couldn't be sure. Not until the dinner was over and her Mistress made none of her murderous actions again would she be certain. 

Zezi's hands slipped through the dresses. She couldn't care less about this dinner; in fact, she didn't care about it at all, but there was something that she was highly interested in, and that was the letter that had been tucked into her dress the day before yesterday. 

The wolfsbane had been a subtle threat that she couldn't say a word about the letter or she'd be killed, while the words in the letter were an invitation.

It was a threat and a promise of friendship in one, depending on which side she wanted to pick. 

She needed to meet that person again.

If she didn't step out of this room, the person might not have a chance to reach out to her again. She was very curious about all this and knowing that an enemy of the King was in the place trying to get an ally was a wholesome thing.

All she needed was an excuse to get out of her room and not have those guards standing in her way, and the King happened to be the perfect one she had been looking for. 

If she was lucky, she would meet that mystery sender again...

...and oh, how much she hoped that she would be lucky.



###chapter 49 - Bon Appetit 
'Grand dinners were one of the important shows of affection.' 

That line of the book still stuck to him.

It was an embarrassing thing that he had gone to the library to pick out a book titled 'Ways of the Heart' after a very calculative search. 

It had been torture to read the book, but he put himself under that torture anyway.

He had read the whole book and assimilated it all.

280 pages that it was. 

A grand dinner was one of the unmistakable options the book had suggested, and he had prepared all that.

He adjusted himself in his chair. 

This black suit was hell. It was very uncomfortable, he preferred his robe. He had also sent a dress to her and a small part of him hoped that she would come in it. 

That had also been one of the steps to earn one's heart in the book. Sending the lady a beautiful dress. 

Ah, what if she thought all this was stupid? What if it made him look stupid? 

Like an absolute idiot.

Gwen would have to get the full wrath of his anger if things turned on him. The last time he had ever felt a need to impress anyone was over two centuries ago. 

That someone had been his father.

Just remembering him once again had left a bitter taste in his mouth. 

He moved this hand across his hair, stopping where his crown was, which didn't leave much space for his hand to run.

Why was he feeling so edge?

He was the King. 

That was already impressive. 

This extra mile? Was it even necessary?

What if it all just made him look weak? That was---

The smell of lily jammed into his nostrils, and with the wind picking up, it filled his lungs. 

He sat up straight, his gaze darting to the opening of the garden and he froze. 

She was even more beautiful than the first time he had seen her, more elegant, more graceful. 

In that green gown, she was perfect.

Nothing could ever look as perfect as she did under the moonlight.

When Gwen had talked about the dinner, Zezi had expected to meet him at the dining hall, but obviously, this wasn't the dining hall. 

It was the Palace's garden, adorned with colourful lights and water surrounding the podium that they sat in with different white flowers dancing on the surface of the water.

Had he planned this, or was the palace's garden always this glamorous?

She should have suspected things weren't going to be as 'usual' as they normally would, though, when he sent her that green glowing and flowing gown with a diamond necklace to match and those low heels. 

Never in her life had she worn something so expensive.

The necklace was a little huge and glimmering; her gown fitted her perfectly, which showed that Gwen must have helped him out in picking it, or maybe she was even the one who picked it out and packaged it. It had high collars, she had worn something similar last time, long sleeves and no slits. 

It made her feel comfortable that she wasn't showing too much skin.

But the idea of the whole dinner unsettled her. 

A romantic gesture.

It reminded her of George. 

George wasn't one for large romantic gestures, it was something they couldn't afford until a while. Even now, something like this was something they couldn't afford. So they did little things, little things that she loved.

She missed her family.

Missed her daughter. 

Missed her husband.

George and Mira.

Oh, her family.

"Your Majesty." She bowed lightly, moving to take a seat where a guard from the other side, moved on and pulled her chair back for her. 

Wrong!

He frowned, remembering the rule he had read in the book once again.

He was the one supposed to do that but it was too late now. 

Like a gentleman, the book had said. 

She was already sitting.

The food was set on the table, the aroma nothing to him. Human food wasn't necessary to his kind, like it was to the werewolves. Although, sometimes, they loved to play pretend and act like it was. He used to do that when he was just a young boy, about 10. There was just so much joy then. 

A lot had happened since then. Too much had changed. 

The aroma that pleased him the most was hers, if only he could have her by his side every time.

"Eat. Please."

The whole buffet was something she wasn't used to, this only happened when they were celebrating grand festivals in the Pack's Capital.

The click of the King's fork against his plate surprised her but she quickly recovered from it. 

She picked up her fork, then served herself before leisurely digging the utensil into her food, engrossed in her thoughts too much to start eating.

Was that mystery sender around? Was the person watching right now? Cold he/she? What if this dinner changed the person's perspective of her? What if he/she believed she was no longer the King's enemy just because of a mere dinner?

That would be stupid. 

The mystery sender couldn't be stupid.

"How have you been?" He asked.

He wanted to hear her voice so much. He longed for it.

Also, that rule was written somewhere in the book.

Making small talk. 

There were so many rules in that book and he hoped that he would be able to put them all into practice for a good result.

They seemed to be doing well so far. 

"Exactly how you've made me, your Majesty." Her hand went around her goblet of the wine on the table, and she lifted it up to her lips; the aroma of the wine filled her nostrils, sweet and sharp, before thinking again and dropping it on the table. "Highly miserable."

His face remained fixed, cold, and unflinching, but his hopes sank a little immediately at her statement.

This dinner was already starting to show no promise. 


###chapter 50 - Dinner Going Sour 
"How do you intend to spend your time moving forward?"

"I don't know." She picked up her knife, cutting the piece of her meat slowly. "Maybe I might find something of interest moving forward." Her fork clinked against her plate at the end. "Do you like dinners, your Majesty?"

He stiffened, an action he was the only one to notice. 

She was asking him a question!

The book said that was a good sign.

It meant she wanted to know about him. 

Maybe this dinner wouldn't be so terrible after all.

Maybe they were making a headway in their relationship.

Oh, wonderful. 

Being kind was paying off. 

"Tolerable."

"Is it your favorite?"

His hand moved stealthily to his fork, trying to not look so rigid and a bit occupied to give him more time to think of a response. 

He was usually fast; his delay right now must be because of his scent filling her lungs and fogging his senses; it must be this sudden attention that was putting him off his game.

It made him a little tense, a little on edge, it sent tingles down his spine, a feeling he only got around her. 

He liked it. 

"I believe so."

"It was my favorite too," she said with a light smile and there was nothing that looked more perfect at that moment, at that moment that she looked at him and admitted to sharing something with him. 

He never liked any of the feeding hours of the day or night.

Breakfast.

Lunch.

Dinner. 

Why should he have a favorite when all the hours were to feed, but he started taking a particular liking to dinner when he noticed that it was the only part of the day when he mostly got to see her. 

Therefore, a favourite.

"Everyone would come together for dinner. It was a rule never to miss it." 

She looked up, her gaze fixed distantly and he stared at her through squinting eyes. 

She was remembering or maybe reliving memories, as he had noticed that she tended to most of the time.

Her deep-rooted attachment to so many of her kind still baffled him. It was unnatural to put so many people at heart, especially people who weren't truly ones to worry about to begin with. 

She had an unnatural heart. 

The workings of which he would never understand.

"That night we were sitting around the pack's table. Being the Beta's family, we were invited to the table as always; we picked out meals, and we started eating, talking, laughing..." Her voice broke. "The table was always loud, we always had something to talk about, it was always..." Her voice choked with tears. "So full of life."

The image in front of her, of the beautiful flowers, the noise of the fountain some distance away, and the melody of the night insects, they all faded away. 

She could remember that night, like a distant memory coming closer and closer, till it was all she could see, till it was all she could relive.

Over again and again. 

"There was blood on my pie. My Father's blood. It was all very fast but I wasn't. I don't know who pushed me to a hiding place, maybe my mother, maybe my father, maybe both of them, but they were both injured."

She blinked her eyes, letting the tears flow. 

"Your father ambushed our pack and took everything and everyone I knew, reduced them to nothing, punishing them for nothing." Her grip around the fork tightened, bending it. Her gaze was fixed on him, those eyes that had behind them long-aged grief, seething furry, incomparable loss, and absolute despair. "Your father came to our pack and took my life away from me. And here you are, taking the rest of what is left of it."

The words slammed into him like the cold enchanted wipes his father always used on him whenever he showed his emotions. 

The news of the attack on her pack way over a decade ago wasn't a shock. 

Some nights ago, he had found out that her pack was the last one her father had taken out. Feeling absolutely lost by the news, he had sent Gwen to bring her in for him. Also, he had felt very strange that day, but he was certain she would be all right because of his blood in her veins; that was why he hadn't pursued her refusal too much.

He remembered that night. His father was filled with magical power that made him quest for more, so he sent out vampires to take down many packs.

He said the mere presence of werewolves irritated him and he wanted them all done. 

Sadly, the werewolves' death had not led to enough courage for him to fight his father. They were unfortunate; he wanted to sympathize with them, but he could not; he had been taught not to. It was, however, a stepping stone that led to his Father's absolute demise. 

His hand moved a little before clenching on his thighs as he deliberated on reaching out for her hand and comforting her.

He wasn't sure if that was in the book guide though, but he really wanted to hold her.

Yet, was it wise?

He represented everything she despised. The very thing that destroyed her world. Would his presence be any consolation?

"They told me to run." She started to say again, her voice a little shaky, and he clenched his fists on his thighs, banishing the idea of holding her once and for all. "Imagine how a ten year old child running in that kind of catastrophe would look like, the fear, the uncertainty, everything. Now, imagine worse because I was younger. Blood was everywhere; the faces I knew were dead and ripped apart. Imagine what was going through my head as I ran." She smiled, cutting the meat finally and popping it into her mouth. 

"Must be hard for you to imagine it, your Majesty. What do you know about fear? You are the fear."

His demeanour became cold. Really cold. 

That wasn't true.

He knew fear, and whatever fear he was right now was because he knew fear.

"I do know who saved me though."

His gaze moved to her and as much as he loved her smile, he hated this one because of the name she said along with it. 

"George."



###chapter 51 - Rejecting His Majesty's Heart 
"George is a born Alpha. As little as he was, he was ready to protect me, protect any survivor and that was me." She popped another piece of meat into her mouth, not really tasting or savouring it, just eating because she felt a need to keep her mouth busy asides from how she was already using her words to rip his heart apart. 

"He said he would be beside me all the way and he was. He protected me. We were destined to be together right from the beginning and we didn't even know back then." She said, watching him as he stared back at her icily.

Yes, she was getting the reaction she wanted. 

The dagger she had dug into his heart had not hurt him, she knew, but this should be doing something, showing him one-quarter of the pain she was going through.

"George is a wonderful father and the only husband that I would ever have." She paused, taking in a breath. "When he thought that I would never have a mate, because of what the witch said, he was willing to be mine and for me to be his, without question. What we have, no one ever will."

"I am your mate, Zezi." He said tightly, no matter how calm he wanted to seem, she was really pushing him.

Her body betrayed her, tingles across her skin, crossing through her veins at his mention of her name. 

She wished he would stop calling her with so much intensity and familiarity.

"But you are not my husband, your Majesty." She started cutting her meat slowly and tenderly again, just as slowly as the words coming out of her mouth were burning into his heart. "Fate might have chosen you but I will never choose you."

A rejection.

Scalding. Hot. 

"'Be kind,' he played Gwen's words in his head again, trying to put himself in her shoes to stay considerate but consideration was a foreign feeling, and it couldn't be learned in one day. 

This was harder than he had predicted it to be.

"I have accepted it though." She flashed him a smile. "At first, I really wanted to die but I know I cannot."

He remained cold, his face placid. 

She had tried?! 

Was that it? That day he was feeling weird. Was that because she was trying to take her own life?

"You won't let me go matter the point of time I try to do it, and since I can't die, I have accepted to languish like this as a sacrifice for the rest of my very long pathetic life, that you'll be granting to me on a platter of gold. My most gracious appreciation, your Majesty. There is no way possible for me to express my full gratitude."

Like he had admitted to himself before, being considerate wasn't his thing and it was hard to learn it in just one day. 

The speed was far too quick. 

He was right in front of her, his hand on her shoulder, slamming her into the chair, the force making the chair screech and push back toward the edge of the podium they were on and towards the water design around it. Just a little more push and she would fall over.

"Are you done?!" His voice came out in a growl, his eyes going darker by the moment but her anger was still very present, making her fear of him little to compare.

Moved by nothing. 

Not the butterflies that treasonously fluttered in her stomach by his closeness, nor by the danger that she was dangling by the edge of the podium, nor the dark eyes like an abyss that seemed to look straight into her soul.

She felt no real pain.

Only something like a smoky touch. A vapour.

"Are you done?"

"Done?" She snapped right back. "Never, I'm not done, your Majesty, and in fact, I don't think--- I'll ever---" 

Her hand clapped on that mark on her neck. 

Ahh!

She should have moved away from him right from the moment he got closer, his presence was always spooking her pain.

She gritted her teeth in pain, pressing her lips together, her breathing laboured as she shut her eyes. 

"Zezi? Are you alright?"

She gulped, trying to wait it out, but a whimper slipped out through her lips, unintentionally answering his questions.

She felt a feathery cold touch on her neck, right against her mark, and as much as she wanted to move away, her body relaxed under the relief the touch gave.

"It's fading away."

She heard him say, and her eyes snapped open immediately.

She sprung up to her feet, the chair empty in seconds, as she headed to the stairs.

She had to get out of here, but he was right in front of her before she could do that.

"Dinner is not over yet."

"I don't want any more of this excuse of a meeting. Dining with the enemy is not my thing."

"Zezi, I'm not my father."

He tried to reach for her hand but she snatched them away immediately, the fear in her eyes visible for a slight moment before it was covered once again.

He frowned, in realization, taking a step back. 

"You are afraid of me." He said slowly. But how? She had been so brave with attacking him and standing up to him. He had thought she wasn't, he had been glad she wasn't.

"Why are you so afraid of me? I am your mate, why do you treat me like this?

"Because of the things you have down."

"I am not my Father!"

"But you are just as wicked! You separated me from my family. You could have left me happy and married your Delice but no." She ended, venom in her voice.

"We are mates; our destinies are bonded, and neither of us will truly thrive without the other. We need each other."

"Don't touch me."

He folded his hands behind him before he would instinctively reach her for her again and get rejected.

"Why won't you just give me a chance? I am trying, meet me halfway." He was running out of ideas. The Book did not provide for a situation like this.

"I don't want to."

"Why do you keep treating me like this, Zezi?" He moved again and she staggered back.

"Because of who you are and what you stand for." Even a step below her, she still had to look up at him. "Tell me, your Majesty, if you were in my shoes, would you not be afraid of you? Would you not treat you just the same?"



###chapter 52 - Almost Insanity 
Her words stunned him. 

Either distracted him from the pursuit of her or justified her reason to be let go. She didn't know, there wasn't a way for her to understand the workings of his selfish mind.

It didn't even matter what his dubious mind worked out, as long as he wasn't standing her in her way or going after her anymore.

She bolted out of the garden.

She wouldn't be fooled and bought over by a fancy dinner. 

Not in this life or even in the next, if that even existed.

*** 

Be more kind.

Be more kind?

BE MORE KIND?!

Then why hadn't it worked?!

His claws snaked under his goblet, thick brown claws clicking against the bottom of the golden cup as he raised it leisurely to his lips and sipped the red thick liquid. The taste was almost the same as the one he had some minutes ago, with an almost lacking sense of life. 

Lacking almost all sense of life was a common feature with sealed and preserved blood. Part of him missed when he had rich drinks bustling with life. When his Father and his witch of a stepmother had forced different creatures into his dungeon when he was clearly filled with blood lust from how much he had been starved. 

The fights after were usually gruesome, as most of them would normally put up bloody fights in search of survival. The more of them he defeated though, the easier it became to take. He grew stronger, immune to their attacks, and soon just became unbeatable. As much as he might seem to have been enjoying himself, every life he took was torture. Many times, he had tried to let them go, but his bloodlust was always spiked by his stepmother, who needed him filled for her evil magic. 

So when he became the King, he did two major things. Banned evil magic and brought back the 'Sealed Blood System'. Was the system working? Yes. 

That was how he had wanted tonight's dinner to work. 

Instead, the words he had received were those that cut through his non-existent soul and turned his heart even more cold.

He moved slowly to his bed that had around it four pillars with designed craft on it, an artistic tapestry on the ceiling, and his tiles pearly white, walls with a vibrant blue.

Colorful.

He had been searching for color for a very long time now, trying to fill the space of his empty soul, and now that he had found her, she had already made herself delusional enough to think that she was another's. 

He was King. 

Her King.

Why would anyone disregard absolute power and choose another, no matter what that other was offering? 

It just didn't make sense.

A squeak from the side, the vampires that froze to their feet surrounding his bedside side, their eyes glazed over, their bodies stiffened and painfully straight.

They were traitors, thrown in the dungeons and deprived of blood for going against him, and now, they were still what they were, with the difference that he would now feed on them.

Food for his soul because he lacked it and needed it.

Aside from blood, that was what he fed on. 

Souls.

He didn't know how many souls he had consumed, they were never enough, and they never would. He still remembered the first time he had consumed one, the very first one he had devoured.

His Father's.

He knew he didn't have a soul or at the most, he believed he had sacrificed it. Laid it down at the blood-dropping altar of a witch, a vital part of him, an exchange to get immeasurable power that could take down his father, along with his mate.

It was only fair that they had been the ones to be laid to rest. 

If things had been otherwise, they would have used him for their soul-consuming quest. So instead, he banished them forever to the land of the dead.

Eat or be eaten.

Wasn't that how they had taught him?

And he had learnt exceptionally well.

No matter how slow that learning process had been.

Ten years ago, like yesterday and now, in place of his soul was darkness. 

He knew why she hated him, but still, he couldn't help but want her affection and love. For someone without a soul, a soulmate was something he thought he would never have. 

An absolute miracle. 

He was lucky.

But not totally.

Because...

Here he was, crowned the King of Darkness, suffering for the sins of his Father, having the evil King's reputation as his. 

Yet could he be entirely angry? He wasn't totally blameless in all sincerity. His own evil doings had piled up against him, his own quest for power, his own hunger and desire to always have things his way. 

He moved away from his bed, so he could look into the mirror opposite him, at what he had become. The vampires moved with him, maintaining the circle, the force over them painfully controlling.

The black veins moved fast across his hands towards his neck and the base of his eyes, above his cheekbones, which were slowly turning a shade darker.

The zig-zag lines crawled visibly beneath his skin, to that dark base, turning it entirely black, while it spilled into the abyss above, making the white of his eyes just as black as the orbs in them.

The darkness grew in him. 

Day and night. 

Never resting.

Without his soulmate nearby, like a shiny light at the end of the tunnel, without her fullness to fill his emptiness, he would become his father or even worse. 

Blood dripped out of their mouths, noses, and ears as he reached into their souls. Tugging. Dragging. Devouring. 

Their cries of pain filled his ears, as he took one long sip from the goblet. The screams of pain around him reduced as he took and took till there was nothing left to take.

A soul Seizer. The most powerful creature there would ever be.

The tapestry on his ceiling narrated a long-ago prophecy.

A Soul Seizer that had no soul of his own.

Him.

Power was controlling, power was beautiful, but absolute power, it was ecstatic.

The vampires finally stiffened, their bodies going slump around him, dead at the same time, their blood forming a small red pool that sipped beneath his boot, the metallic smell in the air, bitter and filling.

Insanity was the peak of power and he was slowly attaining that peak, his fights against it, powerless.



###chapter 53 - Sweet Lady Delice 

Gwen paced around the alleyway of the castle, her eyes furrowed with worry, while her mind tumbled with many thoughts.

She had heard about how the dinner had gone and she knew it hadn't gone any better. The King had not summoned her but she was waiting for her certain doom. 

She knew it would come and when she finally got summoned this time, that would be the end.

She was so deep in thought that she didn't know when someone walked down the hallway and stood behind her, until the person called her name. 

"Ha! Lady Delice!" She asked, placing a hand on her chest. "You scared me."

"Are you alright?"

Gwen shook her head, holding Lady Delice's hand, her lips slightly trembling, her eyes welling up with tears. 

"No, Lady Delice," she cried, resting in Lady Delice's arms that willingly went around her. "I'm doomed."

Gwen was quick to tell Lady Delice about her predicament, her fears, and her dread. 

"...all I am waiting for now is to lose my soul. I just hope my family will not suffer for this." She ended, sniffling. Somewhere along the line, she had started crying, and now she was a complete mess.

"You will not lose your soul and no harm will come upon your family." Lady Delice offered with her ever-warm smile, a silent promise in her voice.

Gwen blinked, thinking about what could possibly avoid her woes before she gave a shadow of a smirk. 

"I really appreciate your offer but I'm afraid a plea will not be enough for this. Even if it comes from you, but maybe--"

"There will be no need for the plea. Listen to me, this is what you'll do."

Gwen frowned, blinking again and ready to listen. 

Lady Delice was wise and her advice always worked. 

"When next the King summons you, you must stay strong and state the power of the bond, inevitably drawing them close. The King loves facts and knowing that you know what you are saying will make him allow you to press forward with the rest of your point."

"Hmmm."

"Now, he also believes in fate. Tell him that the bond will certainly pull them together at the fated time." Her hand brushed lightly over a side of Gwen's face. "No one can rush destiny, it happens at its own pace."

Gwen nodded, her face still creased into a frown, only her eyes weren't so filled with worry anymore. "And my advice for him to be more kind?"

"It is necessary that he continues, a mind does not change in a day, it's a long process. When the fated time comes, being more kind helps it flow easily." 

Gwen pulled Delice into a quick embrace.

"Ah, Lady Delice. My heart no longer feels burdened. You are an absolute blessing." She wept in appreciation for a while, and Delice giggled before Gwen frowned once again, feeling concerned all of a sudden.

She pulled away, looking at her ever-sweet Lady Delice's face; the Royal Adviser known to never do wrong.

How could she bear it?

How was she surviving all this?

How was her sweet Lady faring?

"Does it not hurt you?"

"What?" Delice's smile deepened by the corners, her eyes filled with oblivion.

"Doing this." Lady Delice's oblivion about what she was asking was still present in her eyes, and Gwen added for further explanation. "You love his Majesty."

Her smile broadened with understanding.

"If it will be, Gwen. It will be."

Gwen's voice softened.

"No one has a heart purer than you, Lady Delice."

"You flatter me, I believe I'm not a spotless saint."

"You are to me."

She chuckled, hiding her smile behind a dismissive hand.

Gwen paused, finally observing her long gown, and her boots. 

"What has you dressed up like this tonight? Heading somewhere, Lady Delice?"

"No. I was returning when I saw you," she squinted her eyes at her. "You look tired, you should be in your home right now."

"Yes. I was dismissed for the night but I wanted to wait and see how the dinner would go." She rested her hands on her waist, with a tired sigh. "Now I wished I had just gone home."

Lady Delice took her hand, heading out of the alley. 

"Let me take you home."

"Milady, I don't want to impose."

"Oh please, Gwen. We are family." She said, heading towards the front of the palace where her carriage was. "Ride with me."

With Lady Delice's Carriage, they got to Gwen's house. 

Her kids poured out like beans in a sack, all of them, running all over their mother from out of the small door of the house by the road.

With smiles, she pulled them in. 

The kids were used to seeing Lady Delice too and they raced into her open arms too.

"Aunty!"

"Delice! Delice! Delice!" Some of them sang, clapping their hands, while they went around her, the tallest of them with a height just slightly above her waist.

"No, children. It is Lady Delice. Don't be rude."

"I'll get them inside." Her son, the eldest, offered, bowing in respect and greeting to Lady Delice again.

"Oh please, don't. I enjoy their company." Her hands patted the three-year-old boy in her arms. "I have gifts for everyone."

"Yay! Delice! Delice! Delice!"

"Lady Delice!" Their mother corrected them. Some immediately accepted the correction, some did along the line, while the others just continued, making the chant a mixture of "Delice!" and "Lady Delice!".

Her children were always a bundle of joy and Delice enjoyed it.

Then there was her husband, who came out, greeted Lady Delice, and welcomed his wife, telling her that he had to sneak away from their youngest who was asleep.

With a reluctant goodbye, the gifting of a bundle of toys that Lady Delice had stopped her carriage along the road to get, and a small package for the eldest son, Lady Delice returned. 

When she got back to the palace, she headed up to her room and up the stairs, blinking away the tears that kept building up in her eyes. 

A voice seeped into her ears echoing in the hallway, she didn't attempt to listen and allow the echoing to become an echoing nonsense in her ears, but she heard the ending of the conversation as her eyes met with Laura's, who quickly rushed up the call to an end. 

"Love you too."

That stunned her to a spot.

Love you too?

Who was Laura talking to?



###chapter 54 - Midnight Heat
"You are in a relationship with someone?"

Delice watched how she tucked the phone away into her pants pocket. Laura hardly used that phone. This moment was strange for many reasons. "Who?"

"That? It's not important." She flashed her a fanged grin, before they retracted. "Come, let me fix your hair for dinner. If we are lucky, the King will show up. If not, I will have to come up with more creative ideas to break you into my brother's schedule." 

Laura walked over to her, observing her. 

"You've been out."

Delice nodded stiffly, running her hand through her hair. 

"Where?" Her voice was determined, filled with a silent threat. 

Her hand held Delice's left arm, her grip painfully firmly. 

"Where?" Her smile was fanged again, but Delice didn't try to pull away or put up a fight. All she had to do was answer her question. Laura wouldn't be mad if she had just answered her question the first time though. If this was quickly getting out of hand, then it was entirely her fault.

"Where are you coming from, Delice?"

"Gwen's." She answered with a defeated sigh and a gentle smile that fell quickly. "I took her home. She planned a dinner between the King and his mate, but it didn't go well. She was so worried. Poor thing."

Laura's grip loosened around her arm and she dropped her hand from Delice's arm, chuckling hysterically.

"It will never work. The stupid wolf makes it easy for it all to be ruined, and I'd rather die than have her as my Queen."

Placing her arm across Delice's shoulder, she started walking to her room, making Delice follow.

"If I stay away long enough," she started saying in a quiet pleading voice, "maybe you'll let me go and visit the grav--"

"I'm serious, Delice," she shut her up before she completed that statement, knowing fully well where it was heading.

Delice was way too attached to that stinky death hole for no reason. After all these years, she should have allowed her past go, but she was obsessed with it. 

Pathetic.

The only good thing Delice had in her life was Laura and that was her. Without her being her best friend, Laura was sure that Delice would have reduced to nothing a long time ago. Delice needed to be controlled and she, on the other hand, needed someone to control. 

Their friendship was perfect. 

"I don't want you anywhere near that stinky place. It smells like death. Not the kind I like."

"So, does that mean you'll never let me---"

"Yes." She held her doorknob, pushing the wooden frame open. "It is for the best."

The door slammed shut behind them, and Laura switched on the dull blue light.

"You trust me right, Delice?"

"With my soul."

Laura smiled, moving to her table, which was almost weighed down with the number of small bottles on it.

Deliec trusted her with her soul, and Laura trusted her with that and her more.

No relationship was more perfect.

No relationship was more balanced.

****

Time flies.

And time flies fast.

It's been two weeks since the dinner and everything seemed to be stagnant.

There were no invites for dinners anymore, thankfully. If she had to see the King again, she really didn't know what she would have done to herself or him or anyone around. What she found strange though, was the sudden disappearance of her guards by the door. 

Two days after the dinner, Gwen had wheeled in her trolley more than twice a day. Zezi had been curious and asked if her visiting time had been extended but Gwen replied that there were no guards at the door anymore. 

That was strange, and instead of it making her feel less of a prisoner, it just made her feel on edge like this was a step toward a devious plan that the King had in mind. Gwen had handed her the keys, but that had only helped her to keep the doors locked at all times.

Whatever the King was planning, she certainly wouldn't fall prey to it.

Then, there was the mystery sender.

Zezi had sometimes kept the door open throughout the night, in case the mystery sender would drop by but up till now, there was nothing.

Then there was the sadness that kept on building up in her heart. She missed her family. Dearly. She had framed the stick figures of them that she had drawn and placed it on the dressing table. The sadness just felt really consuming. She wanted to train, to make it stay off her mind, but she was scared that the King needed her to roam around the castle in order for whatever sick plan he had to come to pass, so she had decided against it.

At this point, she felt like her life was on hold, like she was in a void. 

Zezi pulled her night robe over her, she still hadn't changed her wardrobe yet. What was the use?

She was numb about everything, except the fact that this was her seventh shower tonight. 

She just felt really hot and she couldn't explain why. She was tempted to lay on her bed naked, but she planned to keep the door open for the mystery sender once again tonight, and she wouldn't want whosoever that was to walk in on her naked, be it a man or a woman. 

Her back came in contact with the bed, and she rolled over. Why did this bed feel so hot? The curtains were pulled aside, and the windows were opened. 

Still, it felt like the air had ceased.

What was going on?!

She gritted her teeth in sharp pain. 

Her mark. George's mark.

It was fading away again. 

This was really tiring.

She tossed and turned, her hand on the mark, the heat and pain now a familiar one.

Her eyelids shut tight, while she tried to wait this torturous moment out.

But the painful groans tore through her throat. As if being controlled, she shot up from her bed, her eyes fully blue. With speed, she was right in front of her door, pushing it open with a demanding intensity before slamming it shut behind her. 

A trail of first rain aura filled her nose, and she followed it, pushing the pain that felt absolutely wrecking aside while she leaned against the walls, her claws digging slightly into it to keep her on her feet as she moved. 

She didn't even know where she was going. She couldn't think. Her brain was fogged with a desperate need, a pain that consumed her very being. 

She panted, huffed, and breathed.

Wherever she was headed, held her relief and nothing would stand in her way of getting it.



###chapter 55 - Secret In The Dark
The smell was intoxicating. She wanted to use her wolf speed but the pain jammed into her bones, and she fell to the floor with a thud. 

The sudden movement must have jolted her brain, the pain of the burning mark momentarily easing away, her logic rushing back to her, like a veil that was suddenly being lifted off her face. 

The first rain of the green forest. Enticing. Filling. Desperate for more. 

This aura.

It rushed into her lungs, sent tingles down her spine, and sent sparks dancing across his skin. 

Her body was betraying her, she hated it anytime this happened, hated it anytime her body allowed it.

She looked forward in the dark and a realization dawned on her.

Wherever she was headed, it was certainly the King's room. 

Zezi slowly rose to her feet, turning away in the dark and lonely hallway. Anger rushed into her veins when she remembered what he had said to her some time ago. That she would be the one to come to him and beg him to be taken.

What a despicable creature!

And to think that she had almost made that come true, simply because she hadn't been thinking straight. Had allowed the powers of the bond to consume her. 

It didn't matter if it was fated, she should have done better!

Walking down the empty hallway she started to think, maybe that was even the plan, for her to come to him. 

Maybe that was why he had taken away the guards at her door. Had he not said something about her fading mark during their last dinner? This must be the plan!

What a despicable creature. Evil in the form of a man.

She loathed him with the entirety of her very being. The bitterness of the hatred soiled the back of her tongue; her steps quickened while she ensured that it stayed silent.

The creek she heard from a door opening some distance away was echoing, and it sounded so close that she had stopped and quickly hid by one of the beautiful art pieces hung on the wall. 

If she was lucky, this person would be too busy with the thoughts of where they were headed, to notice her just standing there in the dark.

But what if the person was the King, and he had come down to the hallway because he had sensed her?

If that was it, then she was screwed!

She wasn't sure if she was strong enough to face him like this; the betraying need to see him and have him around was still very much present in her; it was only by a miracle and her pure hatred that she had found strength to return. But having him in her way, might really set her back. 

The footsteps came closer, very silent. In fact, the only reason she could hear--wait she didn't know why she could hear-- oh, the King's blood. It was the King's blood in her veins that gave her a heightened hearing, something far from what she would usually hear.

Would it ever fade away?

She couldn't deny that there were some benefits that she enjoyed from his blood though, like being able to hear the silent footsteps in the hallway right now, but in totality, she still hated that liquid that crossed through her veins.

Anything that was from the King, connected to him, deserved to be despised no matter how little.

The person passed by and in the dark, she figured it out. That wasn't the King, unfortunately, she would know him even if he had passed by as a blur.

That was Lady Delice. 

Where was she sneaking off to?

Well, if she stayed there and went back to her room, there was a high tendency that she would eventually give in to this need that threatened to consume her and rush back to the King's door. She could feel the need surging in her veins again, not being too far away from his chambers wasn't helping either.

Why hadn't it left her already? Staying would be very risky.

The King's room was a floor above, and the stairs that led to it seemed to be calling upon her to come to them. 

Enticing. Luring.

So, she decided to do a little tour, flee from this temptation, and instead find out what got the perfect and flawless Delice sneaking out of the Castle in the middle of the night.

***

Covering up her scent wasn't a strong suit for Zezi, but George was an expert at it. He could do it for himself and someone else. The last time he had used his ability, he had used it for both of them while they were fleeing from the King.

Ah, she missed him. 

Zezi had been following Lady Delice for a while now. 

Delice had snuck out of the Castle, through the castle's main gate. 

That had turned out to be an obstacle that almost halted her search, but while Lady Delice had distracted the guards in order to sneak away, Zezi had taken the opportunity to do the same. 

Many of the people in the Castle didn't know the King's mate anyway; many hadn't seen her before, and if they did, they didn't know who she was. So, it was way too easy for her to mumble a lie beneath her breath, about being a maid who needed to go out of the Castle to get bread.

Then she had followed Delice, who went to a stable to rent a horse, all while still hiding her scent and dulling the sound of her heartbeat. She hadn't even known she could go this far. She had never tried for this long before, not after she had almost gotten caught on a mission because she didn't know when her control had slipped and her scent was made very present, including her thundering heartbeat.

When she found Lady Delice renting a horse, Zezi prepared her mind for a journey. Vampires loved to use their speed; it got things done faster, so if one of them was using a horse, they were most likely going somewhere really far and didn't want to get exhausted, or maybe they just wanted to preserve her strength.

Anyway, this was good. She could keep up with a horse but a vampire, not so much. So this was to her advantage.

Lady Delice seemed delicate, but Zezi was no fool to trust the outward look.

Because if Lady Delice was as innocent as she looked and acted, she wouldn't be sneaking off to somewhere in the dark like this.

She definitely had a secret and Zezi was determined to find out. 

Without thinking twice, Zezi burst into a run after the racing horse.

__
((Time to find out some secrets. Juicy.))



###chapter 56 - Grave Secrets 
It was almost as if they would never get there. 

Zezi was losing strength in her legs as she trod through the bushy path of the forest she had decided to take to stay hidden, her hands aching from how many times she had to push long branches aside in order to keep moving forward. The branches were wet and they wiped across her cloth, leaving green and brown stains behind. The forest smelt of damp moss, the floor beneath her was a little muddy, her boots leaving prints behind. 

Had it rained?

At a point, she had almost shifted into her wolf halfway, despite the risk that would be involved if that happened.

It was already hard enough to hide her scent and her heartbeat in human form, but in her wolf form, that was just ten times as hard. In fact, the moment she would slip into her wolf form, barely seconds would pass by before her scent would be all over the place like a broken dam, her heart beat like thunders in the rain, deafening the ears.

So she tried hard to remain on her two feet, instead of going on her four.

Finally, they got there, and the "there" they got to was none of the places that Zezi had expected. 

Of all the places that crossed her mind as to where Lady Delice could be headed, a graveyard wasn't one of them. 

But, here they were. 

In a lonely, big, graveyard.

The smell of death was thick in the air, it felt cold and Zezi didn't like it. She could almost taste the sadness that shifted in the air like a thick invisible fog.

Lady Delice walked through the large field, passing by many gravestones before she stopped in front of one and dropped to her knees, not caring if the black gown she was wearing got stained in the process, her hand brushing over the stone tenderly, her eyes misty under the moonlight that shone down on the lonely place.

Then her other hand slipped away from her thighs and held the gravestones, her head raised to the night sky as she wept. 

Grieved.

Whosoever was in that grave meant a whole lot to her. 

Her cries cut through the night and echoed all over the place. 

Zezi hid behind the tree she had sat by.

This place had an eerie feeling to it, the aura of death more consuming. As much as she hated staying here because of how it made her feel unsettled, she had to remain in hiding.

Her job wasn't done yet.

"I should have done better." She yelled in a hoarse voice, that her ever gentle voice would have never been considered capable of. "I should have protected you." She shouted into the night. 

"I'm terrible. It's all my fault." She banged her fist against her chest, tears spilling down her cheeks, her whole body vibrating slightly with the grief and pain that consumed her to her bones. 

"Forgive me, please forgive me." She wept, tapping against the gravestone. Her gaze dropped to the floor and she was staring at the gravestone again, her hand brushing across it, along the alphabets carved into it. Alphabets Zezi couldn't see from where she was hiding. 

"I put you here, I put you here." She mumbled. "Please, forgive me."

Zezi moved closer to where she was hiding, suddenly feeling the need to give her privacy. As much as she wanted to find out what was going on and who was in that grave, she found it unsettling to watch her cry.

She couldn't have ever guessed that Delice was dealing with something like this, beneath all that sunshine. It made her think about the question she felt was absolutely bugging her. 

Who was in that grave?

A Father? Mother? Sibling? Or a lover?

Lover, hmmm. 

From her actions, Lady Delice claimed to love the King, but what if she had loved someone else?

So this lover, maybe he was someone before the King... or after? 

But the fact that the person was dead, made things even more interesting.

Vampires were hard to kill, so whatever had happened to the person must have been gruesome and really terrible to have put them six feet under. 

From what she had been saying, she believed the death was her fault, which meant that she must have been involved in a way, either directly or indirectly.

The only person Zezi had seen kill a vampire before was the King. 

Then, an idea hit her. 

What if the person in the grave was a past lover, one before the King? Maybe the King and Lady Delice used to be very much in love and she had cheated--- no, absolutely not. 

If she had done that, Zezi had a feeling she would be dead. 

What if the lover had loved Delice, and Delice had loved him back despite her duty to the King? Maybe she had already accepted his proposal when that happened. Then, the lover decided to fight for their love and confront the King about his feelings, not obeying that Delice had tried to dissuade him in that regard.

But he had been stubborn and that had led to his death. 

So, Delice couldn't do anything but grieve the death of her lover. After many years, she was called on to fulfill her duty to the King regarding his proposal. 

The time frame of the assumed event? Zezi didn't know, and her ignorance of it, made it immediately lack its significance.

But the thing was that he had given her years to grieve like this, but despite the years he had given her, she was still grieving.

What if she had thought she was over it all until the King's mate had shown--

Zezi stopped short.

Not because of how she really hated thinking of herself in the light of being the King's mate, although that hatred was unwavering, but because of a possibility.

What if the lover was Delice's mate?

What if she had been stuck in the same situation as hers in the past, and the one in the grave was like George?

She took in a sharp breath. 

That still left so many questions unanswered, considering that all this must have happened during the Dark Times.

Ah. 

This was none of her business! Why was she worrying so much about it?

She suddenly felt the need to be in the four walls of her room right now. As much as that room was a prison, it held a level of safety that this place really lacked.

She knew the way back to the Castle - an advantage of being good with the road - but what if Delice had other places to go tonight? What if this was just one of her secrets and not everything?

Zezi needed to find out everything. It must be the Zeta in her that always wanted to uncover every mystery. Besides, she was already here, she might as well stay for the whole thing.

She peaked out from her hiding place and her heart dropped at the sight that confronted her.

The gravestone Lady Delice had been kneeling by...

---it was empty.



###chapter 57 - Tame Feral
Zezi pulled back immediately, her back firm against the tree she was hiding behind.

Her mind was racing with different thoughts.

Had Lady Delice just been kidnapped?! Were her attackers still around here?

Scared but still logical, Zezi moved backward on her fours before she bumped into someone who yanked her up by the neckline of her dress, claws burying into her skin like sharp needles, blood-red eyes staring back into her blue ones, a deadly growl from a fanged mouth.

Zezi was quick; her fingernails shifted into claws, and she went for the neck of her attacker, but before she could make her mark, she found herself being thrown back with force, her back slamming right into the tree she had been hiding behind a moment ago.  

"Lady Zezi!" Lady Delice called out, her voice a little high pitched with surprise, as she staggered back, while her face morphed back into its usual gentle state. Then she moved towards Zezi just as instantly, rushing to her knees to help her but stopped short at the realization that Zezi must have followed her in order to be in this situation that she was in right now. 

Zezi's head was throbbing. Her fingers slipped into the hair at the back of her head to feel if her scalp was bleeding. Although the force at which she had been thrown back was great, she wasn't bleeding. 

"Ah," she groaned.

It hurt though.

Her scent must have slipped, most likely when she was deep in thought. Thinking was very distracting and she had entertained the distraction.

How stupid.

Finding the position she was in vulnerable, Zezi rushed up to her feet the first opportunity she got; the scratch on the base of her neck, which she had received from Delice yanking her up earlier, started healing at a rather slow rate, compared to her recent healing speed.

"What are you doing here?" Delice asked, her voice the usual gentle tone Zezi knew it to be. "I could have hurt you." She stepped forward, stretching her hand before snapping it right back, as if she had been burned. 

"Why did you follow me, Lady Zezi?" Although her thick, black eyelashes cast a small shadow on her cheeks, Zezi could see that Lady Delice's eyes were glittering with worry and confusion in the dark.

Zezi shrugged, dusting off her gown as casually as she could, wanting to look put together before a potential danger.

No one could be underestimated.

"Curiosity." She looked back at the gravestone, then at Delice. "Who is in that grave?"

Lady Delice shook her head, her lips stretching into a smile that didn't quite reach her eyes. 

"Not someone of your concern, I assure you." She paused, before she added, like that had been some second thought. "Also, I'll have to respectfully ask you not to get involved in something that obviously doesn't have anything to do with you. This is my private life, Lady Zezi, I'd appreciate it if you didn't interfere." She said, walking away, the anger that laced her voice, blending in like a chameleon.

"You saw nothing." She ended with a firm voice, turning back to Zezi who stopped in her tracks because of how closely she had been following Delice. 

Zezi wasn't the type to back down easily, especially when it came to the vampires, but this situation was different. She knew she was the one in the wrong by snooping around where she was obviously not needed.

So when she found herself nodding stiffly, she didn't fight it.

"I understand. I'm sorry, this won't happen again."

"Thank you. I really appreciate that." Delice flashed her a subtle smile.

That smile, no matter how gentle and good-natured it always looked, consistently made Zezi feel uneasy. 

Lady Delice was too good to be true.

A saint amid darkness. An absolute impossibility.

She acted too unaffected by everything to actually be that unaffected. Her good-natured, saintly personality that she consistently put forward was just too unbelievable. 

Nothing but an over-practiced lie, Zezi was sure about it.

The haunting feeling of being watched came over her. 

There was something Lady Delice was hiding; maybe she was planning something, and that was why she wasn't fighting her as the-- what the King saw her to be.

Or maybe she was--

Ah!

She was doing it again. 

Overthinking. 

Why was she so worried? This Kingdom and its stress was none of her damn business! Anything could happen in it, the whole place could be on fire even and she still wouldn't mind. 

"I'll take my leave now."

"You should ride with me." Lady Delice offered, leading them away but Zezi didn't follow.

"I know my way back. I can go alone."

"No, you can't go alone, Lady Delice. It's not safe."

"Why is it not safe?"

Lady Delice looked around at the silent grave that had their voices echoing slightly by how empty it was. 

"It is dark." She started with a smile, like she was talking to a child and stating the obvious, that even the child should know.

"I'm not scared of the dark."

"I wasn't saying you were, you are certainly not scared of anything." Her voice became low, almost a whisper, one that Zezi could have sworn she sensed envy in, or maybe it was just her mind that was bent on finding fault, at work. 

"You stabbed our King, right in his heart and lived. You are the first, and we both know you'll be the last to ever do that."

Something twisted and turned in Zezi's stomach and she let out a silent gasp. 

A breathy chuckle slipped from Delice's lips.

"You seem a little tired. We can go into the village, visit some shops while you rest. I don't think you have ever been out before."

"There will be no need for that."

"How about a restaurant? They have other fun things by the side." She sounded overly excited.

"I'm not hungry."

The low rumbling of her stomach that followed immediately after, filled the silence.

"Ignore it. It's lying."

Lady Delice attempted to hide her unrestrained chuckle behind her hand but it didn't quite work.

"They have very good food that you'll find to your liking."

"I said I'm not---" her stomach rumbled again and Zezi dragged in a long breath, asking for some power from above to help her make this moment pass.

Zezi was starting to get really desperate now.

"I'm seriously not hungry. You need to believe me."

"It's quite late," she held her hand in a friendly manner, attempting to lead her away while Zezi stubbornly refused. It was a light-hearted action with no hatred, just something that felt seemingly normal. "There will be no one in the kitchen by this time in the castle to prepare your kind of food, Lady Zezi. Please, come with me."

While Lady Delice started to pull her away this time, she shouted, her voice sounding like a desperate cry. "Don't believe the stomach, believe me!"

"I believe you, Lady Zezi," She said with a muffled chuckle. "I believe you."

Well, of all the times her stomach had to protest loudly, it just had to be now.

Oh Moon Goddess, please save her from her own body. 



###chapter 58 - Friend or Foe
"Don't worry, Lady Zezi, my horse is very strong, a good breed, and she can take us both to somewhere with spectacular meals. I know a place." Delice bumped her shoulder lightly against Zezi's own. "You'll not regret it."

Zezi didn't protest again; it was useless.

Although dining with the enemy wasn't her thing, but maybe this time, she could raise a white flag and allow a little bit of peace. 

Besides, when next did she know that she would have the opportunity to sneak out like this again? Lady Delice would be too careful next time. 

Her stomach rumbled again, although it was really low this time. 

They both burst into laughter as they headed towards the horse, but before they went too far off, Zezi turned to see the words carved upon the gravestone, singling it out and concentrating on it. 

Carved into the gray stone, were the letters hard to see under the dim moonlight.

"D...N..." But before she could read it completely and connect it all, Lady Delice was holding her hand and pulling her further away, asking her if she would need help getting on the horse. 

How she wished it was a car; it would have been far easier. 

Zezi wasn't used to riding horses but this might turn out to be fun. 

With help from Lady Delice, she was finally on the brown horse.

While they rode, the horse galloping on the lonely path and then swaying above, Zezi's mind cast back to the letters on the gravestone, wondering and trying to guess the name it was.  

The fact that she couldn't see the name clearly, although signified something with great importance to her.

It meant that the things fading from her weren't just George's mark, but the King's blood, too.

About the last one she was happy, but her happiness held a tinge of sadness in it. 

Sadness that she didn't understand.

***

Zezi turned out to love the restaurant more than she had thought she would. Delice had booked a table for them at a corner that was dimly lit and far from the center of the little attention the restaurant had.

No one knew them here, which must be because Lady Delice was covering away half her face with a scarf, and Zezi had been made to do the same, using Lady Delice's blue scarf.

Did she ever run out of scarves?

The restaurant seemed a little scanty, though, and old-fashioned.  

The food didn't taste like the one that she was used to back in the Capital or the one she used to cook. She had a faint memory of the food she cooked- she could count how many times she had done that after becoming the Zeta of the Capital. Considering that George was also the Beta and just as busy as she was, if not more, Aunt Alice's cooking was all they had to fall back on, and Aunt Alice never got tired of feeding them. 

In fact, she loved doing it. 

Zezi missed her family, and for every waking moment, she missed them even more. 

She drew in a long breath, dropping her fork on her plate and that was when it hit her. 

Her heartbeat! And her scent! Wouldn't the people in the restaurant figure it out? Although they seemed to be hardly a handful, but still.

She had communicated her worry with Delice who dismissed it with a smile. 

"Only young, adventurous, and wealthy vampires come here; they are too wrapped up in their own world to care. You have nothing to worry about."

But that answer wasn't enough; in fact, it made her worry more. 

The words young and adventurous made it worse but clearly, Lady Delice had no intention to offer more words of reassurance.

Lady Delice had eaten too. She claimed eating human food was a guilty pleasure. It felt so strange to hear them say that but by now, she was already getting used to it. 

Human food was such a weird way to refer to food. To the werewolves, food was food.

Midway through the dinner, she noticed that the part of her dress that Delice had held her up by in the graveyard had ripped. Delice had observed it too and offered her long black jacket, along with a heartfelt apology.

That was exactly what made Zezi worried. 

Lady Delice was too good.

Zezi was sure that she couldn't do half the things that Lady Delice was doing.

She had no plans to collect the jacket but she found herself throwing it over her shoulders anyways, enjoying the little warmth and safety it provided. 

It smelt like Delice, and Delice smelt like chocolate, and a tinge of madness. 

Zezi breathed out a chuckle. 

Now, how was that possible?

They said nothing more for the rest of the dinner and once they were done, they headed back to the horse. Surprisingly, no one had come to take the payment, just as no one had welcomed them at the door when they first came in. The only contact with the staff of the restaurant they had, was the server, who had only appeared once, and that was to serve the food they ordered.

Zezi was thinking that Delice would give her a final warning about what had happened this evening once again while they were returning the horse, but she had said nothing, it was as if nothing had even happened to begin with. Even when they got to the palace, she said nothing, only told her to hurry upstairs, that the King would really hate it if he found out that she snuck out.

"So will you be telling the King?" Zezi had asked before they parted ways in the hallway.

"No. Goodnight and have a lovely dream, My Lady."

Zezi bit the inside of her bottom lip at the mention of a dream. She hoped her sleep would be dreamless. That was even if she would be lucky enough to get sleep.

She had taken the other stairs and Zezi had taken her own path, confused.

Her subconscious mind desperately wanted to find something off about Delice, something related to anger or revenge, envy. Anything. But whatever had happened at the graveside, now that she thought of it with an almost objective mind, was no cause for mystery. 

It was normal for people to grieve their lost loved ones. 

She really had to stop looking for a flaw where there was none. Not that Lady Delice was incapable of no wrong, Zezi just wasn't interested in searching for it anymore.

The white flag had been pulled down, and the war continued.

When Zezi got into her room, she found it just as she had left it.

Except that now, there was a small, red envelope on her dressing table. 

Zezi was quick to lock the door and open the envelope to read whatever was contained in it, but not after looking around to ensure that she was truly alone.

This time around, the letters were not written in blood and wolfsbane, but still, that big, jagged handwriting made another graceful appearance.

'THE ONE WHO HATES THE CROWN OF LAVIDA IS MY ALLY. IF YOU ARE MY TRUE ALLY, COME TO THE CASTLE'S LIBRARY. THERE DAYS, I SHALL WAIT.

SINCERELY, YOUR FRIEND.'

Three days was far too long, an unnecessary waste of time.

In a flash she was at the door, turning the key in its lock.

But tonight, that sounded perfect.



###chapter 59 - A Strange Being 
The library was quiet and the same as she remembered it.

Poorly lit, white lights placed at a distance too far from each other, maybe because of the vampire's overly sensitive sight or maybe not; Zezi really didn't care. The large hall was filled with numerous high shelves with books in them, rightly ventilated, and with the Librarian missing from his or her seat.

Everything.

Just the same. 

Except that this time around, she was visiting the library in the middle of the night.

There was something or someone that had been present the last time she had been here though. 

Lady Delice. 

It wasn't until that thought had crossed Zezi's mind that she considered the fact that she might run into her again, just as she had the first time she had visited the library. 

Zezi hoped she wouldn't though, not because she didn't have believable lies to tell as her reason for being here, but because she just felt that she had seen enough of Lady Delice for tonight.

Too many encounters between them, and she might start seeing her in a different light, and that was something that Zezi really wanted to avoid. 

An enemy was an enemy and no matter the camouflage personality they put forward, one shouldn't be tricked to see them differently. 

Zezi wasn't about to lose a battle before it even started.

The fact that the Librarian's seat was empty wasn't an issue but, the possibility that the whole library was just as empty, was starting to bother her.

She took in a deep breath, listening in with her werewolf hearing. 

Then she let out an exhale. 

Yes, she was the only one here.

Different new thoughts were starting to run through her mind; maybe it was the slightly echoing silence that was getting to her or the cold temperature of the library, but these disturbing thoughts kept increasing.

What if this was a trap? 

Why hadn't she thought about the possibility of this being that before? Was it stupid that she hadn't made enough findings about anything going on in the castle before coming here? Yes, she should have tried to find out if there were rumours of a possible revolution that was going on underground.

For a Zeta, this was a mistake she had fallen victim to because of her emotions.  

Mixing emotions with logic?

Shame!

But it was too late to walk out of this now. Besides, she had nothing to lose, so she would see this till the end.

Then again, if this was just a ploy made by the King to see if she hated him, she wasn't shy or afraid to give him the answer.

Yes, she hated him and she wasn't scared of the consequences of that. In fact, with her actions lately, that was no secret. 

Still, there was a high possibility that this was just a trick. A trap. A bait.

But her instincts told her otherwise, and Zezi always trusted that tingling thing in her brain; it had led her to more victories than failures. 

Kept her alive even.

This was real. 

Zezi moved slowly along the aisle in between the shelves that were on either side, her fingers tapping on the hardcovers, subconsciously searching for "The Dark Times" while observing her surroundings in a search for the mystery sender.

"Hmm," Zezi sighed, flipping through a book before putting it back on the shelf and picking another.

She looked around at the silent space. 

The chairs were empty, and the tables were just as empty; she was sure those back seats even had cobwebs all over them.

Why were they neglecting their library so much?

Was Lady Delice the only vampire that read books in this Castle?

As much as Zezi wasn't a writer, she was a reader and this display of carelessness certainly wasn't how a place of books should be treated. 

It unsettled her in a kind of way that she couldn't describe.

She also wondered if something had happened here for people to have deserted it in the first place, probably something that happened during the Dark Times. Before? After?

Ah, this Castle and the entirety of the Kingdom were filled with questions, but to want the answers to those questions was to be interested in the Castle and its people. 

Zezi wasn't interested and she didn't care.

She put the book in her hands back on the shelf, her eyes skimming over to find another. Then she reached for it but another's hand was doing the same. 

The warmth from the hands that brushed against hers was foreign, the sound of the heartbeat that filled her ears, strange.

Yet, there was no scent.

Zezi took a step back from the person, her hand tight on the book they had both reached out for but she had quickly grabbed.

"Maybe there will be another of that." His voice was a little hoarse, light with humor.

The man standing in front of her wore a pair of black pants, a fitted shirt, and a hood over his head that hid away most part of his face. 

"Maybe." She said, her voice firm, her grip tight around the book, her eyes sharp with observation, her demeanour filled with ease.

"I better go searching then." He by-stepped her, then stopped, before turning back to meet her unwavering gaze. 

"I'm looking for someone, by chance, have you seen her?"

"I'll decide when you tell me who you are looking for."

He pulled the hood away, the fact that he was backing the dim light made a shadow cast over his face but Zezi could see it clearly with her wolf sight. He was a slightly muscular man, with hooded eyes, high cheekbones, and lips as thin as a line, black short beards, and a mustache, but not a single hair on his head.  His skin was as dark as hers, no--- a shade lighter. He looked young, like he was twenty or thereabout. He looked like he could be keeping things on him. She took in a sniff for silver or wolfsbane but she found none. 

No scent.

"My ally." He said to her, his lips tugged up in a side smile. "Are you her?"

She had never seen this face before. He was not a vampire; his eyes didn't look so soulless, his aura felt vibrant with life, and his scent was non-existent.

Zezi became defensive.

She hated it to be at a loss of something.

"What are you?"

___

((I don't have a good feeling about this.))



###chapter 60 - Crazy Werewolf 

"I am Akeem, a follower of the White Circle, a messenger of one of the High pillars. On behalf of the White Circle, My High Pillar offers you a hand of alliance. Are you here to take it?" He stretched his hand towards her again.

Zezi's lips tugged upwards in a smirk and his lips slowly fell back into the thin line it had been in before.

He was asking her this after he had already revealed his face and told her about "The White Circle"? They must be so confident in their powers to remain unfound if they wanted to be, because that had to be the only reason for going about things this way.

He slowly stretched his hand more to her in the form of a handshake, like the only reason she had not accepted it the first time was because she hadn't seen it in the first place, but Zezi still disregarded it, folding her arms across her chest, her eyes concealed.

She wasn't stupid, he still hadn't answered her question yet.

"What are you? You have no scent," her pearly white teeth came to sight, her lips stretching into a smile, you are hiding it. How? Somewhere along the line, she had started to enjoy this, "You are not a vampire, your heart beats. Pretty loudly too. What. Are. You?"

Akeem finally dropped his outstretched hand and folded it across him. 

"Human." He arched an eyebrow at her. "Don't make the mistake of thinking that I'm weak, werewolf. The White Circle is not weak."

Zezi wasn't bothered about their strength; thinking of every possible enemy as a being possessing the highest powers its kind could ever attain was something she always did. 

That was one of the things that had kept her alive this far. Besides, doing otherwise was highly detrimental and could result in death.

What she found surprising, though, was that he was human. She didn't know humans roamed the Castle. Not after she had found out that Gwen was also a vampire. He must be in connection with a witch or wizard, their White Circle must have that in their midst. Only witches and wizards attacked werewolves with wolfsbane.

Wolfsbane had been in the first message sent to her.

"So is the White Circle filled with only humans?"

"No." He folded a hand behind him, then stretched one to her for a handshake again. "I offer you a hand on behalf of my High Pillar, who offers this alliance on behalf of The White Circle. Will you take it?"

She eyed his hand thoughtfully, weighing his offer. Although she had made a decision long before this moment, the things she was just finding out about this White Circle were making her wonder if they would even be of any true use to her.

Were they even worth it?

"What shall I stand to lose?" 

"What do you already have?" If Akeem was angry at how long she was dragging this, he didn't show it. In fact, he felt at ease, like he was in his element. 

Like this was what he did every day.

It made her wonder how many people he must have already spoken to and met in the Castle. Was one of the Royalty part of it? A friend of the Royalty?

The King couldn't plot against his own self. So maybe Laura? Or Lady Delice? 

Something about that train of thought didn't quite seem right or possible, so she dropped it.

"My life."

"Are you prepared to lose that? Victory against the King will certainly come at a great cost. Lives will be lost." He spoke with an accent she was just observing, it was almost unnoticeable when much attention wasn't paid to detecting it in the first place. 

So this Akeem was lecturing a former War General on possible attack risk. 

How very interesting.  

"I am willing to give that. What do I stand to gain?"

"Your revenge." Then he added with an assuring smile. "Our revenge."

Ah, there it was.

Finally!

The sense of togetherness. The tactic of Common Goal 101.

Zezi scoffed. 

He would have to do better.

"Do you even know what I want?"

"Of course. We in the White Circle all want the same thing. A collective goal to send the King down the drains along with all of his followers."

Zezi squinted her eyes at him. 

"Akeem, I hope that drain is big enough because I want more."

"All of them?"

For the first time, something flickered in his eyes, an uncertainty. He had gone out of his well-prepared character for a moment and went to his real self; that was all she needed. 

That one moment.

"That is not going to work." She turned away, leaving. 

"There are some good ones."

She turned back to him, shaking her head. "I am not interested, it doesn't just seem like a wholesome goal to me. We obviously don't want the same thing; we'll always clash, and that is a bad partnership. Tell your High Pillar that."

High Pillar. That was just a weird title for a leader. All Zezi could think about whenever he said that was an imagery of tall brick walls.

They should have picked something else. It would have been better.

"Once you set sight on a messenger of the High Pillar, you cannot turn down their offer." His grip was tight on her hand and anger raged in her. 

She growled lowly, showing her canines. He let her go immediately, staggering back, before he quickly regained his composure.

"What will the White Circle take from me, ehn? My life?" She let out an airy chuckle. "You are welcome to entertain me, I've been waiting for someone to volunteer."

That shift in his eyes again. 

The fear was starting to get to him.

Maybe they weren't so confident in their powers to remain unfound after all, maybe they were just certain of how they could feed fear and intimidate the other party to dance to their tune.

Pathetic.

This certainly wasn't going as planned for him, but for Zezi, this was perfect; although not as planned, it was wonderful.

"I've been waiting for someone to take this burden away from me, someone to carry the blame." She moved closer to him, her eyes shifting, her anger reading its ugly head. 

Maybe she should rip his head, maybe that would make the White Circle come for her, kill her before the King has a chance to play protector.

The idea sent tingles down her spine, and she found it increasingly more tempting by the second. 

These days, her logicality always ran away from her, and impulse determined her actions. There were many things that she didn't think through.

Her claw sneaked under his chin, raising it up.

"I think you should be worried about your life instead. In case your White Circle didn't warn you. I'm a very aggrieved woman and one heck of a crazy werewolf."

Then she heard.

Thud! Thud! Thud! Thud!  

Whatever could it be that had made him lose his control of hiding it?

A sinister smile snaked up her lips.

This should be fun.



###chapter 61 - A Costly Trade
"Or you could let me live," he looked down at her finger that had snaked under his chin, feeling her claw prick his skin. She moved her finger, tilting his head upwards, making it harder for him to see. 

"And...?"

"Get a chance to speak with your family."

She blinked. 

What did he take her for? A fool? She knew there was a block to her link. She found that out a long time ago.

"That's impossible."

"I can make it possible." 

She chuckled instinctively.

"Go ahead. Humor me."

Without looking away from her, he brought out a small round gem, like a globe, in his hand. The soft blue light emitting from it made her look down at what he had with him, but she was still very much alert just in case Akeem tried to do anything funny.

"Once you place your hand on this, you can communicate through that link you werewolves have." He paused, then added quickly. "Pack link."

Her gaze snapped up at him. 

"And what's in it for you?" 

He eyed her claw that was still underneath his chin. "My life?" He said, his accent now more obvious, the more uneasy he got. 

Zezi was conflicted. She had wanted to talk to her family for many weeks now. The offer was something she found highly irresistible. 

"How can I use it?"

"By putting your hand on it. There's one more thing, though: you can only use this once."

That sent her heart racing, but her gaze was still fixed on him, and he couldn't figure out if he had successfully bought her over with his offer.

"They must miss you too."

The words poured on her heart like ice, melting slowly.

In a search for retreat, her hand dropped from his chin. 

"Done. You have your life." Then she tilted her head to a side, signaling that she was ready to use the gem. 

Akeem cleared his throat awkwardly and let out a sigh of relief. Slowly, she couldn't hear his heartbeats again, just like it had been when they had first started talking.

He put the gem forward, one hand holding it at the bottom, then she placed her hand on the gem, and its soft blue glow changed a shade darker.

Her eyelids fell shut.

"Breath," Akeem commanded, guiding her.

"Focus."

She did. 

"Block it all out and focus on that link you share with your own."

She felt like a weight was placed over her like she was struggling with a force greater than she was; her breathing was sharp and labored; she could feel the sweat run down her forehead, strength leaving her, draining right out of her. 

Her lips trembled with distress and she let out a short groan of pain. 

"Focus!" He commanded sharply.

'Mira,' she mumbled in her mind, feeling herself search through the link that had been blocked on the other side, leaving her with nowhere to go. 'Goerge, Aunt Alice. Can you hear me?'

She repeated over and over again, the words echoing in her head.

Her breathing was even more labored, an instinctive feeling to give up in order to stop experiencing this pain creeping over her.

"Focus. You miss them, they miss you." Akeem's voice was fading away, sounding too far.

'Mira.'

'Zezi. Is that you?'

Tears welled up in her shut eyes and dripped down her closed eyes, wetting her eyelashes. She felt out of the library, and in her head, facing that block that now had a crack in it. 

'Aunt Alice! By the Moon Goddess, Mama!"

'Ah, It is my daughter.' Aunt Alice's voice sounded frail even in her mind. She must have been going through a lot since Zezi had been taken away.

'It's been three months. How have you been? How are they treating you? Are you eating good food? Are they feeding you? How are you able to talk to me? I hope you are not in the dungeon because if you are locked up like some criminal, I swear by all I have that..."

"I'm fine." Her voice was barely above a whisper. Ah, she had missed this. Aunt Alice looked out for her like she was a kid. Funny enough, while she had been in the Pack, she didn't quite enjoy it. 'You shouldn't worry so much. It's not good for your heart, Mama, you know that.'

'I'm your Mother, Zezi, I can't help but worry. You're my little baby.'

'I'm fine. I eat good food, I'm not in the dungeon, they treat me well, and this is going to be the last time I'll be able to communicate with you, I don't have much time to tell you how I'm doing this. Tell me, Mama, how's the pack?'

'They are happy to be alive, the King collects his taxes, and sometimes it's hard to reach the quota, but this is better than the war.' She sighed. 'The Pack is better than how you left it and they are very grateful. They celebrate you, your sacrifice.' Her voice was choked with tears.

'How are you, Mama?"

'Worried sick, that's how I am. Worry sick for my daughter and her family.' Then she could hear a smile in her voice. 'Mira is here with me.'

'How is my daughter?' Her voice was filled with urgency.

'I'm trying my best, and she's coping, but George is not.'

Her heart ached at that. She had tried to reach George through the Pack link, too, but it hadn't worked, like he was blocking the link from his end. 

She hoped not though. That would be a really bad sign that things were going worse than she had imagined.

'How is he? I tried to reach him but I couldn't.'

'He blocked the link. Our Beta hasn't been seen by anyone for more than a month. He doesn't want to communicate with anyone. I fear my son-in-law is planning something. You know George. You know your husband, he's stubborn and--" her voice trailed off.

"Dissuade him! Advise him to give it up, whatever it is. Tell him, that I'm begging him to please be happy. For me, for our daughter and tell Mira that I'll always love her and--- Please take care of my family for me, Mama. Take care of yourself, too. You should all be happy, I'm here so that you are. Don't let my sacrifice go in vain.'

'I miss you. I just miss you so much, it fe-els li-ke... I've been deprived of air.'

'I miss you too. Stay strong for m-- ah!"

'Is everything--' Aunt Alice's voice was becoming increasingly distant.

"...op. You need to stop." A voice crashed into her mind, echoing from a distance."Break the connection. Now!"

A grip over her.

A sudden yank. 

Warm, metallic-smelling liquid, trickling down her nose.



###chapter 62 - A Done Deal
Feeling her body go weak, before it all crashed and her eyelids tore open.

"Are you alright?" Akeem asked. 

She leaned against the shelf for a moment, trying to regain herself and take in her environment, while she wiped the blood away from her nostrils. 

Her gaze moved to Akeem and her mind went over what he represented. 

An opportunity.

An opportunity to take down the very person that had put her into this situation. They needed her to get to the King, and she needed them because she couldn't do it alone. 

None of the two sides could. 

Maybe their offer wasn't that terrible after all. Maybe they could work together.

So even if they were not out to cause the demise of all the vampires, as long as the King was part of the ones they targeted, having him out of the picture at any cost would make her satisfied.

Although she still couldn't figure out how they could possibly kill him, they seem to have a witch in their midst, the witch should figure it out.

"Are you---"

"Yes," she stood upright. "I've never been better."

He nodded, waiting.

"Tell your Pillar we have a deal. As long as the White Circle stays true to me, I'll stay true to them." She ended with a chuckle.

This should be fun. 

"My High Pillar will be highly pleased."

She could feel her blood going dry beneath her nose and on top of her lips. She wasn't bleeding anymore, though, but the fatigue still lingered in her veins. That magic had taken so much from her.

This also further confirmed that they had a witch in their midst.

If Akeem could be placed with something of high power like that, he must hold a relatively High Status in their White Circle or to his High Pillar. 

She wondered how he even joined the White Circle in the first place. What was a human doing in Lavida?

"My High Pillar will make thy presence known to you at the right time."

Thy presence?

Thy?

These White Circle people and their different wordings for different things. 

Thy is old... but gold anyway.

So, she would let it slide.

"Then you shall get introduced to the White Circle but first, you have a task."

"It's been a long time since I had a mission. I feel giddy already." She chuckled, but the blood she hadn't wiped away made her look a little horrific at that moment. 

She could smell it, taste it. She wanted to get rid of it, but it wasn't something of urgency; she had to deal with this first. 

"Make the King your friend."

"Make the King my friend?"

"Yes. It is no news, Werewolf, that your hatred for him runs deep. The rumours are everywhere in the Castle; you struck him and your immunity of the mate bond keeps you alive despite. If you could kill him on your own, you would have."

She tsked.

"Fine. I'll work on friendship."

"We might need something more going on."

Her stomach twisted with hate. 

"That shouldn't be too difficult." She snarled, needing to take out her anger on someone. 

Akeem remained unmoved. Compared to the earlier death threat, this was nothing.

"You have to be close to him. It's easier to strike your enemy when he's within arm's reach."

She knew that. 

In fact, she had told some of her soldiers the same thing some time ago, going on missions when she had pretended to be a friend to a foe and easily taken him or her down. Many successful missions, where she had detached her feelings easily from duty, but this one just felt so different.

Still...

"I'll do that."

"What shall I call you, Werewolf?"

"I'm sure you already know my name."

His lips tugged up in a smile, and for some reason, she caught the reflection of the light on his bald head; he was slightly shorter than her, too, something she was only now observing. Akeem was fairly pleasing to the eyes and had this imagery that screamed 'friend' before he even said a word. 

Lucky him. 

That must have helped him out a lot.

"Welcome to the Winning side, Zezi."

"Don't act so on top. I know I'm essential to your mission. You are using me. Played the card of my family because you know I'll agree once I'm triggered to remember why I'm here. You've done exceptionally well. Your High Pillar should be proud of you."

His smile flattered, lacking the sense of absolute victory it had before. 

"Don't worry. I'm using you too. We are both using each other. That's partnership." She shrugged, chuckling.

Akeem didn't find this funny. 

He had been told she would be desperate to the point that she would be easily manipulated and he had believed, expecting someone desperate, blind to logic, and high on emotions. 

Stupid him, forgetting that she was once a War General. 

He should have planned better. Or maybe not. He still got what he wanted anyway, just that their power play was on the same level. 

He would just have to ensure he kept it like that till she met the High Pillar. She must not be opportune to view herself higher. 

That would be risky for all of them.

"History of stones. You just love history." He said in reference to the book.

"I read vastly, a little knowledge here and there helps."

"The Moonstone and the Sunstone. You'll enjoy reading the book. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to attend to the four cuts your claws dug into my neck."

She was violence-prone. Anything could spike her into madness. He knew that now and maybe one day, he could use it to his High Pillar's advantage and bring victory to the White Circle.

She could see it now, his cuts but why hadn't she smelt his blood? She had only smelt hers.

This human was weird. Maybe that had to do with one of the reasons he was in Lavida or maybe the main reason. 

Whatever it was, he was clearly different.

"Of course."

Then he left her standing in the aisle. She rubbed her sleeves over the bottom of her nose again, trying to get rid of the blood, but it was already too dry, and it hurt her skin. 

She put the book back on the shelf, no longer interested. When she walked out of the library though, she noticed that the empty seat of the librarian was now filled. 

But she was surprised to find out who was sitting in it.

Akeem.

She bade him farewell with an arched eyebrow, and he nodded stiffly before he continued cleaning his cuts with cotton wool and spirit. 

Now in the hallway, she could still hear him hiss lowly in pain as the spirit jammed the cut sharply. 

Ah. 

He was human, they didn't have accelerated healing. 

She felt pity for him. Next time, she wouldn't be so rough.

Of course, she knew there would be a next time. 

She had just made a deal that would require that. 

Her mind swayed to her task and she sighed, stepping into her room.

After everything she had done, how could she possibly befriend the King without looking suspicious?

___

((Zezi is officially nuts. Lol.))



###chapter 63 - Dream Of Me*
Delice turned in bed, her eyebrows furrowed, her facial features twitching sharply under the dim red light of her room.

A groan of pain. 

An unintelligible whisper through trembling lips.

Nightmares were battles. 

Battles Delice always fought with but never won, because they kept coming back. Hitting her with more intensity than the last, more real everytime as she relived the saddest moments of her life in her dream, just like she was doing right now. 

She turned violently in bed, her attempt to wake up futile, her mind being pulled further into an abyss of memories she would give anything not to relive.

But suddenly everything became blank and she was doing that exact thing she didn't want to do. 

Reliving. Dreaming.

Once again, there she was, in that cottage, on that rainy night, that was filled with flashing lightning and deafening thunder.

The room was dark and it was noisy outside with the rain beating against the transparent glass window.

Delice moved around with her protruding stomach. She was close, she knew it, she could smell it, but she was all alone and there was nowhere to go, no one to call. 

She groaned again as the pain hit, her hands tightened on the edge of the table she held in her hand, breaking it. The lightning flashed, she arched her back, a desperate cry rang from the depth of her throat.

Hoarse, loud. 

Lightning flashed and the mirror in front of her, cracked at the sound of the deafening thunder that followed. 

She struggled, pushing towards the bed that was at one corner of the room. Then she laid down, waiting for the worse of anything that would come upon her. 

If only it was possible to make her baby not partake in her suffering. Her baby didn't deserve it. She rubbed her hand over her belly, crying, whispering inaudible words of apology underneath her breath. 

Just as she was losing faith, the door swung open and Delice's tired gaze turned to whomever it was, as she tried to make sure her eyelids won't go shut with the pain that threatened to force them closed.

The lightning flashed again, and there by the door was Laura in her black pants and white shirt, accompanied by a long red jacket.

"By the Blood, Delice!" She exclaimed, her eyes wide with horror.

"My baby..." Delice whispered, her eyes glimmering with hope, her lips offering a tired smile. Laura ran towards her, holding her face in hers. "I'm here now, you are alright."

But she wasn't. She wanted to say that but words deserted her, her throat hurt like it was being ripped apart, set on fire, like if she said one more word, it would explode. So, she shook her head instead.

"Ahhh!"

Her thighs hurt, her back, her head, everywhere. She could feel the baby coming but something was blocking the way.

"Hold my hand--"

"Lau--ra" she cried, holding her tightly. "Help me, please. Help my baby."

Laura nodded, blinking her tears away. 

"I will." She caressed the side of her face, a reassuring smile on her lips. "Just trust me."

And she did.

After that, it was all a blur. 

A lot of pushing, a lot of panting, then her eyelids fell shut immediately it was all done.

It was all deadly silent.

Still in the dream, the next time she woke up, she was alone in the room and the heavy rain had stopped. The room was no longer as dark or as cold as it was before. The fireplace was lit and the room smelt of heat and firewood and a whiff of blood.

Delice found herself cleaned up too, naked underneath the fresh blanket on the bed.

Laura must have done a lot of work.

She tried to sit up, but she could still feel the pain from down there, in fact her whole body still ached, but it was different. It was better. 

She was better. 

What about her baby?

Her gaze roamed over her bed with an expectant smile, but all she found next to her was an empty sheet.

The door swung open and Laura stepped in, smelling of mud, rain and the forest.

Delice's eyes turned glassy, her smile broadening, a flicker of doubt and fear in those glimmering eyes. 

"Where is my child?" She asked with hope.  

"Delice. I love you." She said, her gaze unmoving as she drove her hand through her dripping wet black hair, rain droplets rolling down her fair face, her white shirt almost transparent from how drenched she was. 

What exactly had Laura been doing in the rain?

"I know. I love you too, you are my best friend. Now where is my child?" Her lips stretched wider. "Where did you put my baby?"

"He's dead."

Delice rose up to her feet slowly, not knowing where she found the strength or minding that the sheets had slipped off her body to the floor, now leaving her naked.

"He." She chuckled, her voice a happy whisper. "I gave birth to a son."

"Delice." With a careful step, Laura moved towards her. 

Delice wiped away the tears that rolled down her cheeks angrily, while she sniffled. 

There was no need for her to cry.

"That's great news, Laura. Although, I wanted a daughter, just so she'll be like me but I guess I can teach him. I'll be a great mother, right?"

"Delice..."

She held her hand up immediately, shutting her up.

"You must have made some mistake. That's it, it's a mistake." Tears rolled down her cheeks. "Laura, my son is not dead, I did not give birth to a dead baby." Her eyes squinted, her gaze fixed on Laura. "You know we have no heart beats right, I just want to make sure--" 

She never completed that. Her legs buckled beneath her but before she hit the floor, Laura was by her side, bringing them down together with ease, so she was sitting while Laura held her in her firm embrace.

"Did you go out in the rain to bury my son?" She asked, her voice eerily quiet, her gaze fixed on the wooden floor.

"Yes."

"When did he die?"

"Seconds after he was born."

"Was it my fault?"

"No. You did nothing wrong. You really tried hard."

Delice nodded, feeling Laura's hand move through her hair to comfort her but it was useless, her grief was immense. She was sure she would never heal from this.

"Did he---" she paused, looking up at Laura, "did he suffer? Was he in pain? Was---"

"It was peaceful."

"Good." She sniffled. "Very good." She raised her shaky hand to her line of sight. 

"I didn't even get to hold him. To know how my child felt like."

"Delice."

"I didn't hear his voice, his cry. I never got to see him. What will I do with his nursery now? I had great plans for us. I thought we would be together, I would be a mother and--"

"I'm so sorry, Delice."

Her hand banged against her chest and she screamed, her heart aching with pain beyond compare.

"My son is dead!"

Her eyes turned feral red. Naked, she bolted right out of the door before Laura could even stop her. 

Delice jerked awake from the dream, her eyes red with bloodlust from rage and her nightmares, she could feel the pain and the need to take out her grief on someone.

The consuming need to hunt.

A sublime madness. 



###chapter 64 - Rematch 
She stood up, dragging out a box from under her bed quickly.

In a blink, she flipped it open, then snatched out one of the carefully arranged packaged blood in the box, draining with desperation till its very last drop before she collapsed on the floor, her gaze fixed on the dim red light at the up, center of her room, tears running down her face.

It had been ten years and still, the pain remained the same. 

Would she ever heal?

___

The idea of becoming friends with the King last night had sounded almost easy to her despite how she had taken the proposal, but waking up this morning and realizing how real it was and that she had to start putting action for it to happen, made her feel absolutely pressurized.

She could almost feel the weight on her shoulders, pulling her down to the ground.

On one side, she had her hatred for him to battle with, and on the other side, she had his possible suspicion to avoid.

First, she had her breakfast and Gwen had been her usual calm self. She tried to ask Gwen some questions about what she knew about the King, what he might like, what he might hate. At first, Gwen was a little closed up, probably because she thought her Mistress might be up to some devious schemes again, but as they continued to talk, it didn't seem like it and Gwen became more than happy to share all she knew.

Zezi listened intently and realized that besides the advice Gwen had given her before she went for the dinners the King had invited her to in the past, Gwen didn't really know anything specific that the King liked or hated. Most of what she said were just speculations.

Ah. 

She would have to just figure it out herself or maybe even, directly ask him. 

"You should ask him. His Majesty would be so glad to answer. I'm really interested in how that would go down." Gwen giggled like an excited schoolgirl.

Zezi nodded.

She hated that idea.

Zezi had her bath after, and begged Gwen to help her style her hair, something she had happily obliged to. 

It had been so long since Zezi had seen Gwen so bubbly.

"You must have woken up on the right side of the bed today, Milady. I can't wait to tell my little bats and mate about how happy our future Queen is this morning."

Zezi chuckled, not because she called her Queen, she detested that, but because Gwen still hadn't changed. 

Always sharing stories with her kids and mate.

Once breakfast was done and Gwen was gone, Zezi decided to leave her room and go around in search of the King. 

So, with her hair styled into a spiral twist bun and in a long blue flare gown that had a transparent net for long sleeves and high collars, she strolled along the hallway, deep in thoughts.

What would she do when she sees him and how would she unsuspectingly lure him into a friendship?

The mere thought of it was beyond her. 

What if she easily got overwhelmed and attacked him again?

Ah.

"The Castle is very big." She said to herself, thinking about different neutral conversation starters she could use with him. "No, that is not a very good way to start a conversation."

Seeing how he had been silent during their last dinner, he might probably have no response to that, and for a being she hated, she didn't want to have to keep talking for him to say something.

Making efforts in itself was suspicious.

She ignored the servants who were walking along the hallway, not paying enough attention to them to observe those who greeted her and those who looked at her with disgust in their eyes; then there were those who looked at her with pity, thinking she was crazy.

"I'm in need of a wardrobe change, would you like to accompany me?"  She bit her lips at how cringe that sounded.

Too fast. 

Very unimpressive.

There was no way she could go from sending a dagger straight through his heart, and that dinner they had last, to going out with him for shopping. 

Shopping?

Was that the best she could come up with?

It would feel very suspicious.

Okay, another. 

"How about---"

She suddenly stopped in her tracks.

This was stupid. 

Actively looking for him like this was already suspicious in itself.

She had to wait for time to bring them together. 

Patience was key.

For now, she really needed an outlet. After hearing from her family yesterday, her heart felt a little heavy. She was happy to know that they were fine though.

She needed to train. To let out some steam.

Although she still hadn't gone for that wardrobe change yet, this gown she was in would do.

It was easy to find the training room downstairs. It was empty, just as it had been the day Gwen had given her a tour of the Castle.

To think that had been three months ago.

How time quickly went by.

She stepped into the training room, her hand running over the blades of the weapons hung on the walls.

Daggers.

Swords. 

Blades of silver.

She could feel a tinge of pain, the silver, hot and burning the inside of her palm.

A smile stretched across her lips. 

She was becoming herself once again, without less and less of that disgusting blood running in her veins.

The door swung open, slamming shut, echoing in the training room.

Zezi turned around swiftly, her eyes meeting Laura's angry ones, and without a second thought, she gird her loins, tying the dress so she could comfortably move in it.

Laura's presence was never anything good, and to face her, she must be on high alert.

Laura scoffed.

"Isn't it the werewolf?" She clicked her claw against the silver bracelet on her wrist.

A silent threat.

"It is, Vampire." She said with just as much disdain. "Here for that promised rematch?"

"Don't start what you can't finish, werewolf. I can't promise to leave you alive."

"You very well know that you must. Although I wished you didn't."

Laura laughed, throwing her head back before her laughter ceased, and she flung a ninja star that she had quickly picked from the opened box behind her towards her opponent. 

Zezi was quick to dodge it, and moved at the speed of light, slashing one side of Laura's stomach with her claws, the red shirt she wore tore, turning redder with blood, but she didn't leave unscratched, Laura had left four deep cuts on Zezi's upper right arm, ripping her sleeves.

Zezi eyed the cut, and she scoffed, looking up at Laura, who looked absolutely pissed that she even got to her at all.

"Please don't tell me that's all you've got. Because if that's it, I'm really going to cry."

"You fucking bitch!"

Then everything became a blur.



###chapter 65 - Work In Progress*
Trigger warning - The word "blood" comes up a lot in this ###chapter.
___

It was a bloody mess.

Blood on the floor, blood on the walls, blood on their bodies. 

Just splashes here and there, not enough to form a pool of whatever size, yet it was no exaggeration that they had gone at each other crazily.

Laura had Zezi trapped on the floor beneath her, her claws raised, her eyes red with burning rage, while Zezi looked up at her with a sick smile on her face. 

"Why do we always have to find ourselves in this position, uhn?" She chuckled, the slight cut across her face healing; it was just a nick, anyway. "Do you need more encouragement again?"

Laura hissed. 

"Alright then." The smile wiped off her face. "Do it."

"You fucking bitch!"

"You curse like a trainwreck. Good thing we don't have kids around, right?" She chuckled again.

Laura frowned, standing up and offering her a hand to do the same, but Zezi didn't accept her hand, she stood up on her own, dusting off her gown. 

"You almost tricked me right there into believing you were a worthy opponent."

"Whatever rocks your boat." Laura snapped, blinking, her gaze raking the room as she tried to calm herself down. 

The effect of the King tossing her into the dungeon last time because of this stupid wolf was still affecting her. 

A stain on her honor. 

A threat to her place as the most important to the King.

The disgrace.

Nobody said anything about it because they dared not, but the thought of them even thinking about her as someone the King could punish like everybody else was enough degradation to her.

What nonsense!

She really needed to get rid of this wolf once and for all or else, the far future might be too late.

But how?

"You've become bitter." The werewolf's annoying voice seeped into her ears and she shut her eyes, groaning a little before letting out a hiss. "Could it be due to the recent incident?"

Her gaze snapped up at her. 

What recent incident was this lowly creature talking about? This creature that was next to nothing to her shouldn't even have a voice to speak with. 

This was a complete disrespect.

"Like your brother throwing you in the dungeon becau--"

Laura flung her ninja stars straight towards her, but Zezi had seen it coming and she did the same, dodging her attack while launching her own. 

Laura pulled out the ninja star that was now stuck into one side of her belly, a smile on her face. 

Silver couldn't hurt her. How stupid was this wolf?

"All this," she tossed the ninja stars with her blood and Zezi's blood on the jagged edges on the floor, "still a fucking waste--" her teeth jammed sharply together in pain that hit her like a trainwreak.

Zezi chuckled knowingly.

"But that's your just blood, ah, my brother's blood still runs in your veins you don't deserve-- ahhhh!" The words pushed through her teeth.

"You can accept this as a returned favor for scarring me with that silver."

She fell to her knees, looking up at Zezi who had now walked a couple of steps closer to her.

"His Majesty already punished me for that!" 

"But, I haven't. So, you are welcome."

Then she moved back, ripping her sleeves that were stained with blood, revealing the cuts underneath, that were still healing and the blood that smeared her arms. 

"In case I run into your brother. I don't want some sibling war coming up because of me," she cocked her eyebrow, "a mere werewolf."

Laura stood up heavily, adjusting her jacket over her shoulders. 

The pain had now passed and the one that lingered was something she could endure. 

"I hate you."

Zezi's eyes went wide in shocked pretense. 

Well, that was very straightforward, and it was a good thing that she didn't want a friendship here or with any one of the royalties anyway.

"I hate you too. I thought that was already obvious." She walked past her. "I look forward to us doing this again. For now, please excuse me. Need to get rid of all this blood. It'll cause nothing but trouble."

Laura stood out of her way. She didn't need to say who the trouble would be upon if she became an obstacle.

It would be here. 

She would be punished.

Without another word, Zezi opened the door of the Training Room's washroom, ungirded her loins and began to get rid of the blood before she proceeded to fixing her hair. 

This was a kind of fun she didn't want to put a stop to anytime soon. Putting Laura in her place felt so thrilling, she didn't seem like one who got stood up too many times. Well, now that she was here, she would do that, till the White Circle got rid of her along with her brother.

Ah.

This was fun.

***

Zezi was right about her possibility of running into the King.

She had only had to walk a little down the hallway before her eyes laid on the male she had been actively looking for a while ago. 

Patience was indeed. 

He had someone by his side though. 

Dressed in a yellow shirt and baggy crazy jeans, he was an average-height, fair-skinned man with short golden-dyed dreadlocks on his head and his beard braided into one short braid with a brown wooden bead at the tip.

He looked funny. Zezi could almost find herself busting out in laughter, but she forced the bubbling laughter to die in her throat.

In fair truth, he was easy on the eyes, just different.

The King and the stranger were both talking and although the other person was loud and crackling at every second, the King offered a couple of smiles here and there, like they were old friends. Buddies.

Who was this man? Could she use him?

The King's gaze moved up to her immediately, and her steps almost flattered. The heat rushed over her and she gulped.

It had been so long since she had seen him; the bond almost felt foreign and new, the effect of the connection she was determined to ignore so badly almost knocking her down to the ground.

Seriously, if she ever had a chance to communicate with the Moon Goddess on this matter, she would knock her down squarely for forming this bond between them, making her feel things that she didn't want to, tying her destiny to this monster who she was certain would never let her go till death. As if his Father almost making her extinct wasn't enough undeserved punishment.

It didn't matter whose death it would be anyway.

So, she would ensure to be killing him. 

How?

The White Circle would figure that out. For now, she was a mere tool, just as they were to her, allowing each other to be used.

"Ah, Lady Zezi!" The man stopped,  clapping his hands, a wide grin on his face, his eyes twinkling with pure delight of a child, his voice almost sounding like a loud baritone. "I've heard so much about you."

Zezi arched him an eyebrow, a question forming on her tongue.

"You have?" The King beat her to it, asking the question on her mind in a calm voice.

Ignoring the effect of his voice was a struggle. Why did it have to be so hard?

"Yes you--" he paused, looking back at the King confused, his voice dropping lower into what he must have presumed was a whisper, but he talked way too loudly for it to be that. "She is your mate, right? She got the hair you described and---no?"

The King stared at her through slanted eyes. He didn't look one bit interested in anything else the man beside him was saying, but his focus was on her dress, and she wondered why. 

She straightened up, not wanting to look submissive, instead holding her ground under his smoldering gaze.

"I'm Zezi," she stretched a hand to him. "Nice to meet you..." 

"Oliver," he took her hand, folding a hand behind him, while he bent and kissed the back of her hand. "Governor of the left Province."

Zezi snapped her hand away from him, disgusted with the feel of his lips against her hand, feeling the heat of the King's gaze on her. 

"Another Vampire." She said with a controlled hate.

She was trying to get on the good side of the King for her coming plan, not push him further away but her inner rage towards these creatures just couldn't be silenced.

Control was what she needed.

"Hmm, a little of a hybrid on the side," Oliver chuckled loudly, her tone completely flying over his head, " but the Vampire is more dominant." He kept quiet, observing her. "Ah, you are far more lovely than he described."

Zezi forced a diplomatic smile.

"My topic has been on your lips, your Majesty. I'm flattered." 

This was the right time to start the build-up; when did she know that this kind of opportunity would come again?

If the King had been taken aback by her words and how they didn't sound like she was out to get him, his face didn't show it.

This block of ice was good at being stone cold. 

Well, that was good. She loved a challenge.

The more difficult the challenge was, the more fun it would be in the long run.

...and she loved fun.



###chapter 66 - Too Much Sunshine 

"You are all the King ever talks about," he added the cherry on top with a goofy smile.

"Is that so?" Zezi asked, her lips tugged up in a smirk. 

"Did you really attack him? Like with the dagger thing right through his heart?" Oliver asked, his hands folded across his chest, his eyes glimmering with excitement and expectation.

Zezi nodded and immediately, laughter bubbled from his throat. 

"Maybe you can do it someday again and I'll be there to watch."

Zezi's observing eyes didn't leave him as she accessed him thoroughly.

Oliver was just like a child. 

A plain book to read. 

But she couldn't be so sure, people with this kind of personality were often dangerous and easy to miss out in the line of suspects. 

Chameleons.

She would have to be careful with him.

Besides, he was a vampire. 

He must be just like the rest. 

A monster.

"What do you say about dinner? You and me? I think we'll get along very well, in fact, I can see the future." His hands formed into circles around his eyes, and he stared ahead distantly, like something was playing right in front of him as he hummed. "Ah!" He dropped his hands by his sides, looking back at her with that goofy smile on his face. "The future says we'll be the best of friends."

Well, Zezi would be more than happy to disappoint that future. No way would she be a friend to a vampire, or even someone like Oliver. 

He just wasn't it.

"Dinner sure sounds nice, but Zezi will be busy with me, and you'll be busy with the papers you still haven't turned in yet."

"Papers, your Majesty? I've turned in all my papers." He paused and his eyes widened with an idea. 

Zezi could almost see a lightbulb switch on over his head. 

"I got it. How about a table for three?! It will be so much fun! We haven't had dinner in a long time! You, your mate, and I, what a perfect trio we'll turn out to be."

"Say yes, say yes, say yes!" He started chanting, looking back and forth to Zezi and the King.

"Say y---" his words cut short and he drew in a sharp breath, his smile flattering for only a moment before he regained himself and sighed with relief.

"Oliver, you are too busy for a dinner."

"I. Am. Not. Busy," he shook his head. "How many times do I have to tell you that I've turned in all my papers."

The only person who wasn't feeling the dangerous tension build was Oblivious Oliver. 

How did he even become a Governor?

"You didn't turn in everything."

"I did-- ahhhhh," he nodded, his smile wide, "I am very busy, I did not turn in my papers, I didn't even turn in one of my papers."

Zezi frowned, observing quietly.

Had the King just used his soul-seizing powers on his friend?

What kind of friendship was this?

Well, it felt well deserved. Oliver felt pretty burdening with trying to force her into attending dinner with him. She would have said no and stood her ground without agreeing, but anyway, she preferred how things had been handled. 

The invite was off without her even lifting a finger. 

Also, she didn't know how important Oliver was to the King yet and she wasn't sure if rejecting his dinner invite would either help her with the mission she had on him or build obstacles along the way of her plan.

"I don't even know how I have the time to stand-- I'm so sorry, Zezi, but--" he reached out for her hand but withdrew immediately, like he had been burnt, but a giggle bubbled from his throat. "I don't want to have to miss this dinner but it seems I will. Sooooo, you and his Majesty should have fun."

Great.

So even though she was out of the horror of having to have dinner with this ball of Sunshine, he still somehow found a way to set up a dinner date between her and the King.

Perfect.

"We will."

This time around, the King looked at her, adjusting his arms that were folded behind him. 

"Don't miss me too much," Oliver ended with a goofy smile, turning away but Zezi was not lucky enough for them to be rid of his presence just yet. 

"Baby Oli!" Someone said from the end of the hall, and they all turned in that direction to see who it was.

Although, Zezi had no need for that. She already knew who.

"Oh, isn't that my "Raaa" Queen." 

Zezi frowned, looking at Laura, who carried Oliver up in her arms and spun them around while Oliver had his legs wrapped around her waist. 

Laura was in a relationship? With Sunshine?

The possibility of that had totally slipped her mind. 

"When did you arrive, Oli?" She asked, putting him down.

"Some minutes ago." He replied, standing on his toes to fix her hair, and adjust her jacket. "Been training, unh. My "Raaa" Queen been keeping the fire burning."

She shrugged, blushing. "It's nothing. How is the Left Province."

"Fantastic enough for me to get a break. Woh!" 

"How long will you be staying for?" Her long fingers played with his hair.

"You know I'd stay here forever if I had a choice."

This was boring.

Zezi looked at the only other person here to see if he was just as bored as she was... and yes, he was.

She should ask for her excuse now and just leave, but somehow she stayed, her mind not coming up with words and the feeling of having the King around was something her body was desperate for. 

So desperate she couldn't think.

"You look so good, Oli."

"It's always a pleasure being your little eye candy, Raa Queen."

It took everything for Zezi not to burst out in laughter at that.

What was a Raa Queen anyway?

It didn't help that anytime he said that, he tried to growl, moving his head forward and making his beard sway in the air. 

Oh Moon Goddess, please give her strength. 

"I'm sorry," another voice was saying from the Hallway. That gentle voice that Zezi was trying to ensure she didn't get too close to.

Lady Delice. 

She looked like a shadow of herself, lacking that little aura of life that always made her different from the rest. 

Despite her instilled indifference, Zezi couldn't help but be worried about her.

"I wasn't feeling so good this morning and---" her voice trailed off when she finally joined them and her gaze laid on Oliver. 

Zezi's eyes sparked with interest, recognizing the look in Delice's eyes before it vanished. 

Did these two have history? 

What kind of history was it?

Were they siblings? Best friends? Enemies? Rivals? Lovers? Exes?

What?!

"Oliver, how---" she paused when she saw Laura holding his hand affectionately and she smiled. "It's nice to see you again, I guess. After all these years."

"Your Majesty," she turned quickly in a bow, paying her respect. She had been so shocked a while back by seeing Oliver, that she had forgotten to do that. 

Knowing how put together Delice was, this only made Zezi more curious about who Oliver was to her. 

As much as Zezi would love to stay a little longer just to watch what drama would unfold, the pain she felt right at her neck almost made her legs buckle underneath her.

Everything felt so excessive today. 

The feeling of the mate bond she shared with the King and the pain from George's fading mark. 

Too much.

She gritted her teeth and forced a smile. 

"If you'll excuse me." She tried to make a move, but for some reason, she was scared that halfway, she might actually drop to the floor like a sack of potatoes if there wasn't any way she could get help. 

"And me. Zezi and I have something to get to."

"How about the rest of the meeting, your Majesty?" Oliver called out.

"Tomorrow night," he said without hesitation, linking his hand with hers, and to deny the relief she felt was to deny an indisputable truth. It was just impossible. "Leave us undisturbed, we'll be busy for the rest of the day."

Oliver hummed, and Zezi found a desperate need to correct whatever false thoughts that statement must have brought up in their minds, but she let it slide, concentrating instead on her steps; she wouldn't want to crumble to the ground while Laura was looking. 

While they walked away, Zezi could faintly hear Lady Delice taking her leave too. 

Soon she could hear Oliver and Laura coming their way. 

Even with his arms around her, the pain hit her again like thunder, quaking through her, and she gritted her teeth. 

The King made a move, his hand around her waist, to pull her up against him, but she voiced out in a harsh whisper. 

"Don't carry me."

He paused, studying her for only a second, the approaching voices becoming louder.

In a flash, he flung the nearest door open, and pulled her into a small room, shutting the door firmly behind them.



###chapter 67 - Dark Rooms and Tingles 
Still, she stood, listening to the voices of Oliver and Laura as they passed by the door and went further away till their voices became a distant echo and soon they could no longer even hear them again. 

They were gone.

"I don't want Oliver seeing you weak, he is a big mouth." He said before she would even ask him why he had done all that he did earlier. 

"So he is not your friend?" 

"Friend? No. The only reason I endure him is because my sister loves him."

"And you love your sister." She said with an annoyed chuckle, not directly at his statement but something else she was thinking about.

"I respect relationships. Chosen or fated mate situation, I always respect."

"Except mine." She said coldly.

"You can't blame me, Zezi, for wanting what is mine. You are mine, as I am yours." His grip on her hand tightened, the voices of Oliver and Laura moving around the hallway again seeping into their ears, while they both stared each other down. 

Soon enough the voices were gone, and then tension had died down.

"You like sleeveless dresses?" The King asked. 

Her head now a little clear, Zezi noticed how close they were; only a hair's breadth was in between them, and she couldn't tell which was more painful, having him pressed against her or having him just hovering close like this. 

How dare she feel like this after what he had said, not even taking into account his past crimes.

It was the stupid bond!

She hated it.

She pulled away from his grip, moving away from him as much as the tiny space could allow. As dark as it was, Zezi could still see and this place didn't look like a room or a store. 

What was this place?

"What?" She asked, her voice betraying her with how breathless it sounded.

"Well, you ripped out your sleeves." He stated.

"How would you know that?" She asked, folding her arms in front of her and rolling her eyes. "It isn't your dress."

What was she still even doing here?

She could just leave. 

Laura and Oliver were gone already and the pain she felt a while ago had vanished into thin air. 

She should leave now before things would fly out of hand. 

Except he was in the way, and he didn't look like he planned to move anytime soon. 

But somehow, she also wasn't making any move to get out of this space. There was a fear that she didn't want to admit, that if she left, the pain she had experienced a while ago would return. 

"I picked out this gown myself. I thought it was beautiful." When he spoke again, he sounded closer to her, making her almost jump in her skin. She didn't notice him move so quickly. "You are beautiful."

"Can you just step away from me?" Her gaze snapped up to him, and she caught the way his face creased slightly into a frown, then he nodded, taking a step back, before he stopped and moved closer the next second, grabbing her arm. 

What was wrong with him?! Why was he being so touchy?!

"Did someone attack you?" He paused, adding his next words with emphasis and she could sense the rage that laced his voice. "In my castle?"

Wriggling her arm from his grip, she said with a scoff.  "Let go of my arm."

"Was it Laura? Again? Is she bullying you?"

"Bull--" she couldn't help the chuckle that slipped through her lips. "Bullying me?"

"It was her, wasn't it? I can smell it."

"Well, well done Vampire nose." She snatched her hand away from him. "But I did a number on your sister too. You should be worried about her instead."

He folded his arms behind him, his gaze still fixed on that part of her arm where he could see the faint line of a healing cut. 

He wasn't worried about his sister, she could hold her own.

"She wasn't supposed to touch you at all."

"Stop playing Protector. It was a friendly fight. Can you just stop punishing your sister? You are not making this any fun."

"Fun?" With his arms still folded behind him, he leaned down towards her, stopping when his face was close enough to hers, her breath fanning his face. If she moved just a little towards him, their lips would meet. 

"Nothing about fighting you is fun. It's getting very tiring."

It was almost as if he wasn't talking about Laura anymore, but about them.

But there was no "them", yet she could feel the air sweep away from her lungs with how intensely he gazed at her, the warm tingles spreading across her skin, the mark on her neck stinging. 

Without thinking, her hand shot up, held the back of his neck, while she tilted her head a little to the side, and pushed his face to that part of her neck where George's mark was.

She sucked in a deep breath of relief as the tip of his cold nose touched her skin; the relief was immense and so consuming, she shut her eyes. 

She wanted more of this-- 

More of this all the time. 

She pushed his face further into the crook of her neck, and he didn't fight it; a long sigh of pleasure slipped through her lips, and her other hand moved up to draw him closer before it froze in the air, and she pulled back immediately.

What was she doing?!

She shook her head, like there was something stuck in it that she was trying to get out, her eyes changing from blue to black and again, before they finally became black again. She turned to him, leaning against the wall behind, her chest raising and falling, her breathing heavy and loud.

"What did you do to me?"

"Nothing. But I sense you have a lot of things you want to do to me." He arched a challenging eyebrow at her. "Do them, Zezi."

"Don't try to move closer."

"I wasn't."

She held her head in her hands. 

What was going on?

She hated him, and she had been able to successfully fight him for a while. 

What was going on now? Why wasn't her resistance working?

"What is today?" She asked quietly.

"Today is the last day of the third month of this year."

Her heart dropped with a thud. 

How had she never thought about it?

"Tonight is the full moon." She said underneath her breath. 

That was it. Her heightened feelings, it was all because of the approaching full moon. There was a high possibility that her George's mark would fade away tonight, she would become like every unmated wolf in heat during the full moon. 

"I need," she folded her arms across her, looking up and meeting his gaze with a firmness, ignoring how overly aware she had now become of his presence. "I need you to put guards at my door tonight, your Majesty."

She wanted to establish friendship with him, not end up in his bed.  

"Why? You miss feeling like a prisoner?"

Those were her words, she remembered clearly telling him that the guards at her door made her feel like a prisoner.

"Well, I want to feel like a prisoner again. I'm even surprised I miss it."

He didn't say anything.

It was obvious that he didn't believe her but she had to convince him to put those guards at her door without making him know why. 

"Werewolves run primal during the full moon. We attack and since this is a really foreign place, I'm sure my wolf will not be peaceful here and I'll be in a full blown attack mode. I don't want to cause trouble to myself or someone else."

His face did not change. 

Ice sculpture.

"Werewolves run primal and they seek their mates." He finally said.

She scoffed "I don't know where you got--"

"They will search, find and mate with them; the very need their driving force."

"That's ridiculous. We are not animals in heat."

"Don't lie to me." A silent order that she found herself obeying. 

She must get rid of this bond!

He could hear it, she was sure, hear the way her heart was beating wildly in her chest.

"Fine. That's the truth. I still need the guards though."

"Do you really think I will put obstacles in your way of running right into my arms tonight, Zezi?" His hand moved over her face, hovering, not touching. She pushed it away, dragging in a long-struggling breath, trying to ignore how his increasing mention of her name was playing with her. Feeling a lump in her throat, she swallowed. 

Her legs felt weak, and she leaned against the wall to help herself stay on her feet. She just hoped that besides her racing heart, he had no way to tell how much this was affecting her but she knew that was a lie. 

Her present state right now was more than enough telling.

Ah. What was she going to do?

He moved back now, folding his arms behind him, his eyes determined and firm, his voice filled with an unwavering promise.

"No, I won't put guards at your door and I'll be waiting for you, no matter how long it takes."



###chapter 68 - Crazy Full Moon
Never in her life had Zezi feared the coming of the night, not once since she could remember, had she so much wished that the moon would never come up in the dark sky; never had she dreaded that white glowing, majestic ball of the night, as she did tonight.

"Milady." Gwen's voice called to her, as she put away the food on the table that her Mistress had refused to eat. She had also skipped lunch and with the way things were going, she would skip dinner too.

"Are you sure that you are strong enough to hold me down, Gwen?"

She nodded. 

In true honesty, Gwen didn't share the fear of her Mistress. In fact, she was only trying to hide her excitement out of respect and worry for her Mistress.

Gwen was beyond glad that this was happening and the only reason why she would even be an obstacle to this was because her Mistress had asked her to be. 

If the 'Heat' she had read about was what would be happening tonight, then her efforts to stop her would definitely be rendered useless.

Because not only would she be searching for the King, the King would be doing the same for her.

Fantastic!

A night like this had finally come.

Lady Delice was right; they didn't really need any push. Fate would bring them together at the right time, and once they marked each other, they would do the wedding, and Lavida would finally have a good Queen after so long.

A kingdom would never reach her full glory without a Queen. 

Their Kingdom would be twice as happy, because of how wonderfully happy the King would be after the wedding.

She prayed that no matter how much skill or effort she tried to use to stop her Mistress, she would be ten times stronger and defeat her. She just hoped her husband still had that lotion to help different cuts, because she obviously wouldn't be able to walk away from this without scratches here and there. Gwen also felt giddy about how she would tell her little bats about tonight, leaving out a lot of details but surely ending it with the fact that they would soon have a Queen. 

Yayyyyyyy!

Tonight would be perfect.

"I have strong and large arms." She said proudly, flexing. "I usually carry all of my little bats at once."

Zezi stopped, her hands stilled on the buttons of the gown she was pulling on. The logic behind it was that it should take a long time to get rid of all of these dresses, just in case she actually did run to the King tonight, and hopefully, before anything went anywhere, she would get back her senses. 

The only possible defeat of the plan was that, gowns could easily be raised up. 

Ah, if only she had gone for that wardrobe change, maybe she would have better options. 

Anyways, she just hoped her mate bond controlled mind wouldn't think of that when the time came.

"How many kids do you have?"

"Eight," Gwen said with a grin, and she stared down at the floor, looking bashful. "We are trying for a ninth. My husband thinks we should stop at 10, so we can be a dozen altogether, but I think we should stop at twelve, so both of us will be the cherry on top of the dozen." She said, moving her head to emphasize the last words of that sentence. 

"What do think, Milady?" She asked, her voice in an almost whisper from how excited she was. 

"About?" Zezi asked with a drag. 

She was beyond shocked.

The largest number of children she had heard anyone have was six, and that was back in her real pack, before the Capital. Back then, she had thought that would be the highest number from two mates. In fact, their sixth child had been, something of a surprise to even the mates. 

Eight was a large number and they wanted to stop at twelve or ten?

Wonderful.

"Twelve or ten? Where do you think we should stop?"

"I'm still wondering how you have so much strength to give birth to eight." She paused, blinking. "Eight! You are really strong, Gwen."

"Awwn. Milady, you flatter me. Right," she titled her head to the side, her grin widening. "We'll stop at twelve."

"I did--n't say---"

"I know. It's just your compliment, it warms my heart. Makes me want to do better. Twelve it is!"

Well, that was a strange thinking process.

Zezi wanted to say something to that, but the wind from outside blew the curtains up, and Zezi caught a glimpse of the slowly darkening sky. 

She let out a breath, pacing around the room.

Breathing in and out to calm her nerves.

In 

Out. 

In 

Out. 

Maybe if she exhausted herself enough by training again, she would be too tired to even give in to her primal instincts later on.

She picked up the sword, her hands shaky around the hilt from how tired she was, making her hold onto the sword with both her hands instead of one.

Ever since the King had told her about tonight being the full moon, this was what she had been doing.

Training relentlessly, till it was enough to send her to the ground with fatigue.

"Milady, you must stop. You'll strain yourself this way."

Zezi chuckled, trying to hold on to the sword that finally slipped out of her grip and hit the floor with a clank. "Looks like it already happening."

She slid to the floor with a thud.

"I'm so tired." Her voice was breathy. 

Gwen sat down next to her on the floor, carrying her in her arms, then laying her on the bed.

"Don't leave me tonight," Zezi said weakly, her chest rising and falling as she tried to catch her breath. 

"I won't."

"Make sure I don't give in. Make sure I don't find him."

"Milady."

Gwen's eyebrows furrowed with worry, and convincing words were at the tip of her tongue but Zezi spoke up before she had the chance. 

"Now bind me to the bed."

"W-we are still doing this?!" She couldn't contain her shock. "But Milady I thought I convinced you--"

"I order you to bind me. Now."

Defeated, Gwen nodded and bound her to the bed with the silver chains that she had been ordered to get earlier, making sure the only thing coming in contact with her skin was the leather straps on her wrists and ankles.

"Ah, Milady. If you'll just give our King a chance. The King is not that bad."

Zezi said nothing. Instead, she allowed her eyelids to fall shut, letting sleep take her away. 

_____

There were terrible ways to wake up. 

But for Zezi, this was, by far, the worst.

Bound with silver, she woke up to pain worse than the chains heating up against her flesh and the agony of George's mark, once again, fading away from her neck.

Her gaze shifting quickly from black to blue, feral cries ringing out from the depth of her throat, as she pulled against the silver chains to free herself from this bondage, but the hotness that lashed against her skin at contact made her let go immediately. 

Gwen stood up from the chair she had been sitting in, putting down the blood sachet she had just emptied on the dressing table.

This was it.

It was happening. 

It had begun. 

"Milady---"

"Don't," Zezi ordered in a growl, warning her against even the thoughts of freeing her.

She stretched taut, twisted, and turned, her eyes wide in pain, George's mark vanishing slowly and painfully. 

"Should I put ice---" Gwen started to offer but Zezi snapped at her, baring her canines, making Gwen stagger back.

"I'm sorry--" she started to say before she gnashed her teeth from the consuming agony that hit her, she could feel the sweat rolling down her forehead, her hands tightened around the chains, the pain she felt more than that of silver torment and finally, a howl tore through her throat. 

Long.

Deafening.

Gwen quickly pulled her hands over her ears, watching the mark on her Mistress's neck slowly and finally disappear, her body moving up till all that was left was a smooth, untouched skin in its wake, and her body collapsed into the bed.

Then silence. 

Zezi's body went limp, her grip on the chains loose, her eyes shut, and under the dim yellow light of the room, it seemed as if she wasn't breathing. 

Gwen moved closer, watching, waiting for her to move. 

Just as she was starting to fear that her Mistress had passed out and was in quick need of help, or worse, Zezi's eyelids flew open, revealing her full blue orbs. 

Her gaze snapped to Gwen, then past her, to the door. 

She felt different.

Raw. 

Wild.

Primal. 

Like an unmated wolf in heat...

And there was a sweet smell calling unto her.

She must follow. 

She must search...

...and she must find. 

Her mate.



###chapter 69 - A Foolproof Plan*
Gwen moved to her line of sight, blocking her view of the door. 

Zezi frowned, noticing the obstacle with narrowed eyes.

She shouldn't have done that. 

With a desperate yank, Zezi pulled the chains she had been bonded with, and the bed collapsed underneath her. 

When Zezi stood up, her sight was increasingly blue, the chains were still around her wrists and ankles, dragging at their ends, the heavy woods that used to be the ends and tops of the bed. 

"Milady, you ordered me to--"

Gwen didn't have a chance to complete that.

Chains swung in the air, the woods hitting her from either side, quickly twisting around her body, flinging her right across the road where she crashed into the dressing table, destroying it, wreaking it down to pieces. 

In a flash, Zezi was in front of her, then by her side, slowly raising Gwen with her hand interlocked into her hair that was before in a bun, now loose, forcing Gwen to look up at her. 

Gwen hissed, baring her fangs, her claws quickly digging into Zezi's hand that was still in her hair, as she tried to free herself from the punishing grip of her Mistress.

She could do more than that. In fact, she could attack back, face her with just as much fight, and with the bloodthirsty side of her that her Mistress's attack was slowly pulling to the surface, she could even dig her fangs into her neck and have a taste of that enticing blood that was vibrant with life.

The King's blood was, after all, no longer thick in her veins.

...but still, it was there. 

She could not attack the mate of her King. 

It would lead to death.

Along with the dominance rolling out and hitting Gwen in waves, she had no choice but to stand on only the ground of defense.

"I don't want to hurt you," Zezi said with a sadistic smile. "And for the sake of your eight bats," She continued, removing spiltters of the wood buried into her face, watching the large gap of cut that some had left behind, heal slowly. 

"...don't make me." She finally pulled out the last one that had gone a little deep into her forehead, tossing it on the floor that was now stained with her blood.

Gwen hissed in pain. Being in this kind of state wasn't anything that she was used to. 

She was no warrior.

It stung but luckily, she could feel it heal just as quickly.

Zezi let her go, and she scurried away a little before she paused, watching her Mistress bolt out through the door with speed, the chains dragging along the woods behind her. 

Still on the floor, in the mess of wood of what used to be a dressing table, and her gaze fixed on the door, Gwen smiled, falling on her back with a low laughter. 

Lavida would be getting a Queen tonight.

By the Blood, she would need a lot of strength to narrate everything to her mate and little bats, but first, she had to get this room cleaned. 

As for the bed, she was certain that her Mistress wouldn't be needing it for tonight, and that so, for good reasons.

Gwen stood up painfully and started cleaning the room, a smile plastered on her face.

As for the risk of her Mistress running into any obstacle on the road, she knew she would certainly not. 

The King had ordered early this morning for the hallway to be cleared, and since His Majesty was the only one using the floor, that had been done quickly.

Unable to restrain herself any longer, Gwen gave in to a full-blown happy dance. 

Lavida would get a Queen!

___

The smell of the first rain on the field.

Never had it been so enticing.

Never had it been 'this' luring.

If she didn't find the scent and bury her nose in it forever tonight, then she would die. 

She could just feel it. 

Her heart would cease its beating from the lack of this new need she had just discovered; she would drop dead to the floor, her body limp, and that would be the end.

There was no other way to live besides having this scent all over her, all the time. There was no better thing that existed in this world to be breathed in, besides this.

This was perfect.

She wanted more.

Needed more.

The clacking of the chains and bumping of the woods on the floor as they dragged behind her, filled the empty hallway. 

The mate bond calling unto her, made her strong and weak in a way she couldn't describe. 

Made her strong in a way that she would do anything to be close to the source of the scent that was luring her in without an ounce of resistance from her.

Yet the closer she got to the source she so desperately seeked, the weaker she became.

Her gaze accessed the hallway, everything blue in her sight as she readied herself once again for a potential obstacle which she surprisingly hadn't ran into yet.

Why was this hallway so empty?

Was it always empty?

It was good that there was no one here though.

Her steps flatter, making her claws bury into the wall for support, a hiss slipped through her lips, and she sucked in a deep breath before she pushed away from the wall, and her search continued till she finally stopped where her instincts had led her. 

In front of a door. 

Her hand raised to knock, but before she could do that, the wooden frame was pulled open, and there, in the doorway, stood her mate.

He had been waiting for her, just like he had promised.

She took in a long sniff, closing her eyes, basking in the scent of the first rain that hit her nose and engulfed her. Then she opened her eyes, something animalistic glimmering in those blue orbs of hers, a corner of her lips tugged up in a smirk.

"Mine." She declared.

His eyes became a couple of shades darker, those zig-zag lines moving up his neck to his chin, beneath his skin, his eyes the most primal.

He took her hand, leading her into the room, and she followed eagerly, the chains moving along with her till they were all in, and he shut the door behind them.

Her hands shot up to move around his neck and pulled his face down to hers, so she could seal her lips against his, but he caught them, holding them by the wrists. Restraining her. Leaving her with no choice but to watch him go down on his knees while he worked on the chains around her ankles. 

Her hand snaked into his hair, pulling a fistful, and a low groan resonated from his chest, making her pull even harder, with an aching pleasure that mounted along with his feathery touch.

The chains went slack and dropped to the floor.

Then he rose up to her slowly, his gaze holding hers, the zig-zag lines now reaching up his cheeks.

A chaotic blend of his brown skin and the zig-zag blackness beneath.

How was it possible for someone to look so glorious?

With an impatient sigh, she reached for the buttons with hands that were still being held together by her wrists, while he worked on the leather straps of the chains around her hand, ripping them apart.

Once he freed her wrists, she reached up for him again but he held them right back by the wrists, raising her hands above her head and pressing her into a wall.

His gaze fixed on the chains on the floor before he looked at the blue eyes that were staring at him with open yearning.

Lust.

Want. 

That look drove him crazy. 

"All this to stop yourself from coming to me, Zezi?"

She gulped, trying to move forward and press herself into him, just having him hovering close was painful.

A thumb moved over her lips, making her stop and look up at him for a moment, observing him. 

Seeing him.

His black, slightly hooded eyes were like a beautiful abyss, with equally long black eyelashes for covering.

His firmly structured nose.

His arched full eyebrows with little creases at each beginning, like frowning was his default face... and the way his hair curled over his forehead, scattered across.

What a piece of art.

Then there was that black ink, spilled visibly beneath his skin in zig zags. 

Goodness!

This man was breathtaking.

How had she never noticed?

"Tell me, Zezi. Are these..." He looked down at her, the intensity of his gaze making her feel hotter than the mate bond always was.

"Plentiful dresses..." His hand dropped from her lips and she immediately missed the taste of him, but her need was substituted by the claws that she found slightly dragging up her right thigh, as he pulled up her gowns from a side, the voluminous dresses swishing in the air and echoing through the silent room, along with her hitched breath. "also one of your fool-proof plans?"

"How very..." His hand stopped and tightened around her mid-thigh, his gaze holding hers with feral intensity, "foolproof."



###chapter 70 - Yours Now, Yours Forever*
Pleasure was the feeling of the mate bond. 

The good entirety of it. 

The sparks that flew at its friction, the tingles that consumed whosoever it possessed fully, the need for another till the point that it was absolutely wreaking not to pursue.

The mate bond was filled with the quest of boundless pleasures screaming to be attained. 

But if pleasure lingered for too long in one's veins without any satisfaction to quench it or at least lay it to a temporal rest, it became sour, bitter, and morphed into the other taste of pleasure...

Pain.

That unpleasant sensation pushed through her whole body, her head fogging with a desperate need for relief against the anguish. The tingles turned into aches, and they spread through her veins. That part of her neck where a mark should already be, burning.

Her jaws clenched in agony and a groan pushed out through her gritted teeth, as she pushed forward again, with a cry that sounded like a plead, collapsing against him for the comfort she knew he only could provide, but he moved slightly away.

A silent punishment.

"What do you want, Zezi?" A hand slipped underneath her chin, tilting her head up, her dizzy gaze meeting his. "Say it." 

Her chest was raising and falling, her breath ragged. She could suddenly feel the weight of the dresses, the heat!

She should get rid of them. 

These dresses were a burden and--- ah, the pain!

"It's painful." She whispered through quivering lips. 

"What is painful? Not having me?"

Her breath came out in heavy pants. Heavy pants.

"Take it away, please. Take the pain away." She said in defeat, her voice a breathy whisper. 

Without another word, he buried his face in the crook of her neck, taking her in fully for the first time without that pathetic wolf scent tinting her own.

Ah, finally, he could fully breathe her in. 

The fact that she wiggled, her body so pressed to his with lust and desperation, hit him, driving him to the very edge. 

His tongue glided across her neck, his fang pricking slowly, a low moan slipped through her lips at the momentary sweet relief with a dash of pleasure.

Never did he know that a sound could him feel so weak. 

His hand that was holding hers up in bondage, slipped down from her wrists, planting firmly and pushing against the wall instead, while he finally pressed himself against her, her dresses painfully standing in the way of feeling her warm skin against his.

She arched her neck to him willingly, pushing his face further into the crook of her neck, her hand at the base of his neck firm, tingles spreading across her body, reducing the pain every time she felt his tongue glide across her neck. 

Suck. 

Taste. 

Savour.

She tasted so good! Why did she taste so good?

Her scent was beyond alluring.

Certainly, her blood would taste even better.

He pulled away from her to look at her face, her eyes hazy with need, her lips slightly parted, the scent of her arousal and his thick in the air. 

By the Blood, it had taken all the control he had not to have claimed her the very first time he laid his eyes on her and felt their fated connection.

Even after having her in the Castle, many times he held on to a strength he didn't even know he possessed in order to ignore the mounting need till she would come to him.

And tonight? 

Hah, tonight.

His strength was tested, his control stretching till it almost snapped and gave way to the pleasure and need that equally fogged his brain. It had been pure torture to wait and hearing her howl of pain from her room had almost made him lose his mind.

Just as he was going out to get her, he had met her by her doorstep. 

Intoxicating, she was.

Her taste, her scent, and her lightest touch. 

He wanted more.

Dresses swishing in the air, and his hand moved slowly beneath them, rolling them up to him, wriggling, she quickly circled her legs around his waist.

Then he walked to the bed and laid her there gently. Attempting to move away and take off his shirt, she quickly restrained him, not letting go, instead ripping it off into shreds from behind him, her claws burying lightly into his back, drawing blood from the cuts that healed almost instantly.

"By the Blood, Zezi! You... are pushing me." He said with a groan of pleasure, his face just above her by a hair's breadth. 

He enjoyed the little pain. 

Pain and pleasure were always a good mix.

He wanted to feel her bare underneath him but these gowns!

He would have to rip them, but he stopped.

What if one of those dresses was her favorite?

"Don't leave me," her hold around him tightened as she begged, moving underneath him in every way to press herself against him.

Frowning, he observed the tears that welled up in her eyes. 

He didn't like that.

Every movement away from her, even for a second, sent a jolt of pain through her body.

She needed relief and a fulfillment of her needs.

"Make me yours tonight. I want to be yours now and forever." She declared, her lust for him thick in her voice.

The dark zig-zag lines beneath his skin fully covered his face at her declaration.

His gaze still holding hers, he said, "You are already mine, Zezi. You are only just realizing it." 

Then his eyes darted to her neck. 

Bare for him. 

Just as it should have been from the beginning. 

"But I have a way for you to never forget."

Then he buried into the crook of her neck.

"Allow me," came his muffled voice.

Immediately, her hands stretched to either side of the bed, holding tight fistfuls of the sheets; a loud moan slipped through her lips as her eyes rolled back in utter pleasure.



###chapter 71 - Morning After 
Zezi blinked. 

Ah.

The sunlight. 

Had she forgotten to drop the curtains again? Or was it Gwen?

She moved a little in bed, but her body ached slightly from that.

Then the scent that engulfed her nose the next second, made her eyes go wide open. She looked around, taking in the room she had found herself in, noticing how different it was from the designed prison she knew.

Then slowly, her gaze moved to the floor, where all the dresses she had worn last night, were scattered all over, like they had been pulled off in haste.

No.

Her heart dropped with a thud.

It mustn't be.

Her heart was hammering loudly in her ears, her mind thinking fast, as she tried to remember what she had done last night.

The door of what must be the bathroom creaked open, not giving her enough time to come up with an explanation for herself.

Waking up in a strange room was no horror compared to looking at the person in front of her and realizing whose room this was. 

Her hands clamped right around her blanket, as she sat up, discovering that she was completely naked beneath. 

His eyes looked a little tired, his hair messy, and all those bites that littered his neck and chest.

Oh no.

Hickeys?!

Were those hers?

"We..." she started before she could even stop herself. "Did we?"

He arched her an eyebrow, taking a step further like he was going to ask her how she was feeling, but stopped, picking up something from the floor with a quizzical gaze, before assessing it for better viewing in order to see what it was.

A black lace high-cut brief. 

Zezi's gasped lowly, her gaze fixed on the small piece of clothing dangling from his hand, her legs folding across each other, her nakedness now being brought more to her awareness by what she had seen.

"That is mine."

"Who else's would it be?" He dropped his hand by his side, walking to the left side of the bed, her gaze following him. 

He still hadn't answered yet and the fact that she couldn't remember anything yet, wasn't making this any better. 

It made her feel absolutely unsettled.

"Did we..."

"Yes." He said, dropping the brief by her side on the bed, and she snatched it away before he even let it go completely, her hand almost hitting his as a result. 

Resting his fists on the bed, bringing his face to her line of sight, he continued and she turned her face away, staring right ahead, trying with everything she had in her to ignore how close he was

"You came to me."

Her grip tightened around the sheet in her hand, hugging it closer to her chest. Her eyelids fell shut, her eyebrows creased into a frown, the memory of every word he said, playing in her head like some evidence to back up his speech. 

"I tasted your body."

She remembered the flick of his tongue on her neck, how he planted hickeys that would definitely show this morning... and how she had begged for more. 

"You tasted mine."

The memory flashed before her eyes, how she had kissed the base of his neck, moved down to his chest, tasting him like her life depended on it.

The need she had felt unexplainable.

Her heart raced and she was starting to fear what more she would remember.

"We laid in the same bed."

The way he had placed her on the bed, how she had ripped his shirt to shreds, begging that he wouldn't move away from her, consumed her mind.

What had possessed her to do all that?!

Her other hand tightened on the sheet to her right, and she prayed that he wouldn't go on.

She knew that once this banging headache was gone and after some moments, she would remember it all but right now, she didn't think she was strong enough to remember how she had fully given herself to this monster.

All on her own, she had come to his door and begged that he take her.

Only that caused her heart to be heavy.

"But that was as far as we went." 

Her eyes flew open and she turned to him, unfiltered shock in her blue orbs.

She wanted to say something but words deserted her. 

"I knew you wouldn't want it to happen, so I didn't let it." He eased off the bed, standing straight.

Zezi blinked, looking away, hearing the bed squish as he eased off it and stepped away.

He was right. 

She remembered it all now. 

He had left her on the bed, as she dozed off, after taking off all her dresses except and left one. Then he had stayed by the door. She had woken up after that though, and that was when she had stripped herself.

Heavy words slipped through her lips in a whisper.

"Thank you."

He paused, his hand brushing through his hair, his gaze intense, then his face lit with a light smile and he shrugged.

"I'm a gentleman."

Well, what was she supposed to say to that?

In fact, what was the reasonable thing to say to a man whom you found yourself naked in his bed when you shouldn't be? 

Her eyes glinted at the notice of something.

"Your hair."

"What about it?"

"It's quite long. Didn't know it was shoulder length."

He shrugged again. "Because you never really paid me any attention. Crossed me out before even giving me a chance, but from on, I feel I'll be having your eyes on me a lot." His eyes narrowed, his gaze intense. 'I'll be sure to enjoy it."

She frowned, annoyed. 

Could she blame him, the mate bond was giving him so much audacity!

"I would like to get dressed and get out of your room now."

Remembering the number of dresses and chains she had to put herself in last night, and knowing that he had been the one to take them all off, made blood rush up to her cheeks.

"That's alright. Just pick one from the floor. I was very careful not to rip any."

His tone was as firm as usual and didn't sound like he was suggesting anything but still, she couldn't help the anger she felt at the pit of her stomach because of it.

What was that supposed to mean? That he had more control just because she had ripped his shirt while she was in heat?



###chapter 72 - Knot In Plan
"How very kind." 

As much as she wanted to be snappy, her nude position under this sheet wasn't helping. Also, the mate bond hitting her right now was making her increasingly weak. 

Then she remembered that George's mark was gone and she was now in for a brutal fight with no advantage to her side anymore. Nothing to keep her sanity off wanting him. 

Her gaze fell upon his chest and how hickeys were littered across it.

"You should try to cover that up." She gritted.

"I don't know." He looked down at his chest then back up at her. "I think I want to flaunt them, but if you ask nicely..." He stopped, not going any further.

"This is not about me." She snapped.

"Of course, it is. You are the only that can do this to me and you know it," his voice dropped to a whisper that sent unwanted shivers down her spine, "the whole castle knows it."

He was right, and accepting that was a turtore.

____


The minute Zezi had been able to get out of the King's room, she had ran right back to her room and locked the door behind her. 

The way she had met her prison sparkling clean and arranged with a couple of new things, like the dressing table and the bed that she clearly remembered destroying, made her heart feel a little heavy, as she dropped the heap of dressing on one side of the bed.

Fortunately and unfortunately, she could now remember everything and asides from that, she was designed with hickeys around her neck and smelt a lot like the King. 

Then there was this feeling of a new awareness that she had of the King. Of course, she could be expected to go through this, in nature, she was now an unmated wolf who had her mate around. 

Without wasting much time, she dashed into the bathroom, refusing to listen to her body and get rid of the scent instead of basking in it, as her body wanted. She had taken her time to wash any part that she remembered him touching, most especially her neck.

She had to go tender on it though. The intensity of his kisses on that part of her skin and made it a little sore.

As much as she still hated him, she appreciated that he hadn't taken her last night.

It left a bitter taste in her mouth to know that a monster was capable of such good. Something about that felt threatening to the views she held strongly unto.

Most unmated werewolves with their mates around always got marked and mated on the full moon.

It was the law of nature, one that only few had been strong enough to cheat.

In the pack, the two werewolves would find each other and once that was done, there would be nothing standing in their way to begin and complete the process.

The fact that he had not been as crazy as she was could be because he was different, a monst-- child of a monster, a vampire.

Also, the fact that he had stayed close enough to her to suppress her heat and not cause her pain, yet had not gone any further, was a characteristic too considerate for a monster.

She was grateful and hated it at the same time. 

It gave her mixed feelings that even the warm water running down her skin from th shower, couldn't wash away. 

After what felt like hours, Zezi turned off the shower and left the bathroom with a towel wrapped around her chest, while she dried her hair with a small one.

A knock.

She rushed to the wardrobe to get a dress, forgetting that she had most of them on the bed already.

"Milady?" Gwen called out and as much as Ivy was tired, she was also hungry, having skipped most of her meal yesterday.

So, wordlessly, she opened the door and Gwen wheeled in the trolley with a smile on her face. 

"Good morning, Milady. How are you feeling?" Gwen asked, her voice vibrant.

"Fine." The word slipped out through heavy lips, as Ivy shut the door behind her.

She went to the bed, trying to pick a dress but they each smelt like him and she tossed them to the floor in frustration.

"Breakfast is served. Akuko soup, to replenish your strength."

"I'm not tired." Zezi cut her off quickly, her voice filled with guilt that she hadn't even been accused of yet.

"Really, because that wood across my face, I believe must have taken a lot of your strength, Milady."

Zezi smiled, apologetically.

"I'm so sorry."

"I understand."Her smile widened. "Please, come and eat. I had to learn the dish overnight. It is rumoured as a werewolf favourite."

Zezi sniffed in the air and she nodded, a smile crossing her lips.

"It is."

"The vegetable is medicinal too."

Zezi walked past her to see what was in the plate, a look of approval on her face, then she stopped, feeling Gwen's eyes on her.

By the Moon, the hickeys.

She was looking at them.

Zezi pressed her lips together. 

If she was to say one word about them, Gwen would take the opportunity and start talking.

The only reason why she wasn't yet was because, she didn't want to offend her Mistress and considering how her Mistress had been acting about her relationship with the King, it would be wise to be careful with words.

So she was waiting for her to say something first, and that would decide if she would talk about it excitedly or not with as much excitement. Gwen had thought about not talking about it at all, but she knew how she was, that was impossible. She didn't think she would be able to hide her excitement either, but she could try.

"How is your face? And everywhere I hit?"

"I am perfect."

"I know I must have cost you a lot of work."

"Quit apologizing, my Lady. I was way too happy doing it." Gwen said, easing from one feet to another. She was one second away from squealing. "It was no work."

Zezi bit the inside of her lower lip.

Gwen sometimes was like an open book, she was clearly excited and she wanted the tea, but Zezi didn't share her joy.

She had hoped George's mate would hold her just a little longer, and had dreaded this moment right from the start.

Her plan for the White Circle was to establish an unsuspecting friendship with the King, but with George's mark gone, and the mate bond fully getting involved, would this not lead to an unplanned mess?


###chapter 73 - Friends Not Forever
"Goodnight, Oli Baby." Laura said, locking the door to her room as she slipped into the darkness that was a little by the lit furnace at the fireplace. 

"I want to lay with you tonight," Oliver said, his hand on the door while he looked up at Laura, ensuring that the door wouldn't come close just yet. "I wanna hear you scream my name at the top of your lungs."

"You already did that this afternoon," she blushed, clicking her claws against the frame of the door. 

"Well," he looked up and down at her slowly, "I wanna do it again, my Raaa Queen."

"Oh, Oli Baby." She moved a little, poking her head through the door, her lips grazing against his lips, while he quickly used the opportunity to deepen the kiss. "Some other time," she protested pulling away. "This Princess has some duties to attend to."

Her hand snaked through the door and she twirled a finger around his braided beard. 

He smiled, that goofy smile that never really left his face, those eyes twinkling and full of humour.

Her sunshine.

Ah, she loved him.

"Some other time, okay?"

He nodded reluctantly, chuckling. 

"As my Primcess wish."

She titled her head to a side and in a flash he was gone, obeying her oder.

A laughter bubbled from her throat and she finally shut the door and switched on the light. 

Oliver was just the right amount of Sunshine she needed in her life. He had been the one to take her mind off the stupid fur creature that ran along the Castle hallways with undeserved immunity. 

If she was insanity, Oliver would be her sanity.

They were perfect.

There was a knock on her door, and her hand stilled on the earrings she was taking off her ears, her lips breaking into a blatant smile as she watched herself in the mirror.

"Oliver--" her voice trailed off.

Her mind had been so occupied with thoughts of Oliver and what they had done that afternoon, that she had not paid attention to the scent and noticed that it wasn't him, before she opened the door. 

"Delice." She said quietly, arching her an eyebrow. She hadn't seen her throughout yesterday. She could almost say she missed her. "Can't sleep?"

Delice smiled, but those eyes that were ever filled with kindness lacked something that used to be in them.

Something very vital. 

"Come in already," Laura left the door, moving to the bed and preparing one side for her. "Is it those nightmares again?"

Delice shut the door behind her, taking two steps into the room and going no further. 

"You are with Oliver?" She asked, her face unreadable, her hands behind her.

Carefully tucking away the pillow, Laura walked a little closer to her, her hands wrapping up her black hair on a quick bun.

"Yes."

"Laura."

Delice's dead heart broke and the betrayal flashed in her eyes.

"What is wrong with Oliver?"

"You know very much what is wrong with Oliver."

"It was in the past," she hissed. "You are not a child, Delice. Stop hanging unto fading memories. How many years ago was this?"

"He was mine and you took him away from me."

Laura frowned, walking closer, her eyes a little sad.

"You still love him?" She scoffed. "You have always loved my brother, Delice. Don't get confused." She rested her hand on either sides of her arms. 

Delice didn't move, her eyes welling up in tears. 

"You told me he was banished. That he would never come between us again." She watched her friend carefully. "Laura, you lie to me? All these years, have you been lying to me? Did you even ever punish him? Was he ever even banished?" Her voice became a little clear. "Or maybe you never even left him. Maybe you've always been with him." She ended with a soft chuckle. 

"Delice, my sweet friend." Her hands held either sides of Delice cheeks, cupping her face in her hand. "This was all in the past. They shouldn't matter."

The tears rolled down Delice's face, and Laura's hands wiped them away. 

"The only person you should be concerned about is my brother, the King. You love him, you have always loved him and you will always love him. Your right place is next to him as the Queen of Lavida, when you will make important decisions and take actions that will change Lavida forever, and for the best."

Delice's gaze dropped to the floor, the words weighing on her, like a physical load on her shoulders.

"A Queen in the hearts of all. Don't you forget that."

She dropped her hands from her shoulders, tilting her head up.

"Now smile for me." She commanded with a soft smile that faded away quickly, when she realized that Delice wouldn't be going along with her words on this as easily as she normally would.

"Delice. Smile. Now."

But the corners of her lips deepened and the tears kept coming.

"Oliver is nothing to you! An extra luggage that your perfect self shouldn't have! If you have feelings for him then it is a flaw and with flaws, you are unworthy of his Majesty."

A moment of silence passed in-between them before Delice broke it. 

"You lied to me, Laura. You are my friend. You shouldn't have lied to me."

"I did it for your own good," she brushed her hand over her hair. "I knew you wouldn't be able to take it, so I did it for us. I made the decision for us, even though the guilt almost killed me. I did it for us."

She threw her arms open towards her.

"I hate it when you fight me. And I even hate it even more when it is over a guy."

Laura blinked, a light scoff escaping her slightly parted lips, her gaze moving slightly around the room before her hands dropped to her sides.

"This is ridiculous. Our relationship is special than anybody would ever have. You are like a mummy to me and I am your Protector, we are inseparable, her friendship of deep roots." She move her hands up for a hug again. "Don't let this break us. Don't fight me over this, please."

Delice took a step back and Laura frowned immediately, her apologetical look vanishing immediately.

"Oh," her voice turned cold. "It is like that now." Then her face hardened. "Be like that then."

Ice passed through her veins, the fire that was flaring in them melting at Laura's words.

"Lau--"

"Are you deaf? I said, get out!"

She bit her lips, nodding. 

Without another word, she left.


###chapter 74 - His Sweet Bun
'MY HIGH PILLAR CONSIDERS YOU WORTHY. TWELFTH HOUR. LIBRARY.'

It was the same handwriting. Big and jagged. Although it had no scent that she could sniff and catch, as usual, the thing different about this one was what the words were written in. 

It wasn't blood. 

Instead they were written with black ink that looked like carved abyss against the white surface. It must have been made out of something special.

Zezi had found that out this evening when Gwen had talked about finding empty pieces of paper a couple of times while cleaning.

"Do you plan to draw on this too, Milady?" Gwen had asked, glancing at her framed stick figures drawing of her family, that rested on the new dressing table.

"Should I help with the framing this time too?" She added with a smile on her face, but Zezi had looked back, trying to hide how shocked she was to be staring at one of Akeem's message.

That was when it had hit her. 

The words on the paper were invisible to Gwen!

How many more people couldn't see the words, she couldn't tell but it had given her such a great ease to know that she could easily dispose of it and she would be saved.

But Zezi hadn't done that, she had kept it in her drawers and told Gwen she would love to use them for her drawings, but she had no plans to do that just yet. 

If Gwen had considered the hoarding attitude weird, she had not said a thing about it, not gave the feeling away in the slightest.

Zezi's eyes passed over the letters on the paper in her hand again. It was obvious that Akeem had sent this. How he always did it, she didn't know and she didn't care.

A short breath of relief slipped pass her lips.

Considers her Worthy?

She chuckled in her mind. 

How hilarious. 

Mindlessly, she tapped the edge of paper against the kitchen table, looking out through the window at the crescent moon in the dark sky. In some hours time, it would be midnight and that was what she was waiting for. 

Zezi had decided to stay in her room all day, she knew hiding wouldn't do anything for her but she contemplated on giving herself a slight break before putting herself back in the game. 

Although she found Akeem's message pleasing, she had been surprised at how quickly she was going to meet the High Pillar. 

It could be because the rumour of her losing George's mark, and what she had done to the King, was spreading like wildfire.

Ah. 

He must have flaunted those hickeys!

With that formal and cold aura he always carried himself with, she would have thought that he wasn't that shameless.

The other reason was that the White Circle was desperate. There was no maybe in this one. She was like that right move that would make all their wrong moves right and they were desperate to have her. 

Zezi shifted on the stool she was sitting on, her gown swished slightly and the sound cut through the kitchen.

It was so empty and quiet.

She liked it just like this.

If only she could have it all to herself till she needed to leav---

Creak!

The door pushed open, light reflecting in from the hallway and Zezi snapped her gaze up to whichever vampire it was that had just interrupted her peace. 

It wasn't the King for sure, she would have known if it was him. Her body would be restless and betraying her all over the place.

"By the Blood, it's Zezi!" A male's voice squealed with excitement. 

In a flash, the lights were on, almost blinding and Oliver was standing opposite her.

"You are even more beautiful in the night, My Lady." 

He stretched his hand foward and Zezi stood up immediately, avoiding his touch before he even went all the way along with grabbing her hand and pressing a kiss to the back in the name of courtesy.

This vampire must have a problem respecting boundaries.

Oliver smiled up to her, not hurt by her rejection of his gesture in the slightest, his grin only broadened.

"I could smell you all the way from the hallway. The stink of wolves." A strange sound bubbled from his throat, like laugher.

"Stink of wolves?" Zezi squinted her eyes at him, clicking her tongue against the roof of her mouth, offended.

"Yes." He said, easing off the table and standing up straight, that unwavering smile still on his face. "It is good. Dogs smell."

He started moving around, grabbing pots, spoons and opening the refrigerator to get something, before closing it back, his hands full.

"You know, like little fur babies. They are cute." He smiled, chopping off meat on the chopping board quickly.

Zezi scoffed.

"I love werewolves." He said, looking back at her, the grin still on his face while he stared at her blank one. "They are very..." He paused, thinking of what to say, while he turned on the gas cooker. "Very werewolfy. That word doesn't exist but I'm sure you grab."

"Hmmm."

He was a bladder mouth, one that hated werewolves as much as Laura but didn't want to admit it to himself or he found himself too diplomatic to appear truly as he was. 

Whichever way, she didn't like him. 

Laura was better, at least she stayed true to herself. 

If Zezi was doubting him before, now she was sure, he was nothing but a fox, hiding behind a grin too wide, hoping that his bubbly personality would keep people from seeing who he truly was, putting forward a lie that he desperately wanted to believe in. 

Could he just get out?

He came to her, placing a plate filled with meat that was although seasoned, still red with blood, she could see it drip all over her plate. Next to it was a glass of wine.

"You like?" 

He said, dragging a stool closer and sitting by her side, then toying with his beards.

She eyed the plate.

"I like werewolves. Do you like vampires?"

She smirked.

"I suppose preys should be in love with their predictors now."

Oliver grinned. 

"He said you were stubborn. I like you even more like th--" he paused, abruptly standing up, yet the smile was firm on his face. "I will be back, Lady Zezi, don't miss me too much."

Zezi was sure she wouldn't miss him at all.

But Oliver never made it out through the door, before it swung open and someone raced right into him, sniffling.

"Forgive me, please. It was all entirely my fault, I did not lo---" Delice was apologizing to the man that she had bumped into, thanking him for helping her not fall when suddenly she stopped at the knowing who he was.

"Oliver." She called out in a whisper.

"Hey, there. My Sweet Bun."

Confusion settled in the pit of Zezi's stomach.

His Sweet Bun?


###chapter 75 - I Volunteer As Tribute
Lady Delice had always seemed like one to hold her own, her smile ever present and the little aura of life seeping from her at a noticeable rate, but tonight, Zezi couldn't help but notice that she looked different. 

Her smile was gone, non-existent, her eyes seemed a little dead than usual and have sensed a nervousness in her aura. Even without the King's blood running in her veins, Zezi could pick up on that. 

It made her wonder how much Oliver could pick up on, leading her to be even be more curious about her past with him. 

She could use this distraction till it was time for her to go down to the Library, after all, she still had hours left before that. 

"It's been tremendously long." Oliver beamed, grasping her hand in his before she had time to oppose of his unanticipated touch. "We should catch up. What do you say?"

Delice looked up at him, feeling a bitter taste raise in her mouth as his scent poured into her lungs unrestrained, reminding her of days that she would like to forget. 

Not after learning the truth. 

Not after knowing that he was never even banished in the first place. 

Not after realizing that her best friend had played her for a fool. Both of them!

"Oli--" 

"Shhhhh." He said quietly, his grin widening, something like lust sparking in his eyes as he raised his hand to cradle her cheeks.

Delice was still her beautiful self. 

After all these years, he still wanted her as much as he wanted her back then.

Grief must have made her hotter!

Irresistible.

"Sit with me. We have so much to catch up on. Don't you agree my Sweet Bun?" He allowed his hands to fall slowly down her cheek and trace a side of her neck in a lazy line, watching her gulp, knowing he still had that desired effect on her. 

Good. Things had remained the way they used to be. 

Perfect.

Oliver loved to believed that the only person Delice truly loved was him. If the King was getting any preferential treatment or had snuck into her heart some way, it had only been that way, because he happened to be her Sire. 

It was no secret that turned vampires were always emotionally attached to their Sire, even by a greater extent when they were young. Their minds would easily manipulate them to feel things that were not there and even worse, when there was only little...

Their minds would exaggerate it. 

Whatever she felt for the King was not love, it was a Sire/Turned relationship and he had come into her life to make her realize that. 

If only she hadn't walked in on him deep inside Laura that eleven years ago, he would still have her. 

He had a plan and she had only put ruin to it by what she did. Had a plan to take them both together, Delice would be happy if three of them got into a relationship, he would have eased her into it and she would have loved it.

Delice was weak. She didn't know what she wanted and he would have showed it to her. 

All hopes were not lost yet though, he could still do that exact thing and finally fulfill his plan, only that this time, he would do things differently.

Hadn't the King already found his mate? With how obsessed the King was with his mate, Delice was no longer his wife to be and therefore, a safe one to pursue and get.

He would teach her pleasures that she would come to love for her very long life, she just didn't know it yet. 

Zezi squinted her eyes, the tension was so evident but whatever was happening, Lady Delice didn't seem like she was enjoying it. Which was understandable, because wasn't Sir Oliver in a relationship with Lady Laura?

What was going on?

Finding a bit of her curious self rearing it's head even more, she threw in an invite without even thinking about it twice. 

"Will you like to join me Lady Delice? Governor Oliver prepared this. Your company would be nice."

It was only then that Lady Delice took notice of Lady Zezi by the kitchen table. The plate of meat set in front of her and the wine in the glass that looked almost as read as blood. 

Her mind had been so burdened by a lot of things that even though her senses had picked up on another's presence when she came in, her brain was too frustrated to make sense of it.

She took a step away from Oliver, pulling herself  of this grasp, letting his hand fall away from her. 

How dare she had let that moment of vulnerability slip?

Oliver was a sweet talker and he knew her. He knew the things she liked, the things she hated, the things that made her weak in the knees and just how to go about it. He had been hers some years ago and she had been the happiest because he knew those things.

Right now though, she wished he didn't but he did, and matter how she wished for otherwise, it wouldn't happen.

She mustn't forget to be more guarded around him.

"Lady Zezi, it is good to see you." She said, her warm smile making it to her face again. It was indeed good to see her, being here alone with Oliver wasn't something she wanted. "Thank you for the invite but I have somewhere to be right now."

"You aren't running away from me, Sweet Bun. Get what you came here for before you leave." His voice was light-hearted and didn't skip a beat with his goofiness, but the undertone of it had Zezi looking at his back through slanted eyes.

"Maybe a sachet of blood? Some human food? What is it? Tell me, Sweet Bun, I'll get it for you."

He made no attempt to touch her this time, instead playing with his braided  beards as Delice took more steps away from him, heading instead for the door.

"Thank you Sir Oliver for your kind reminder, I only came here to get--" her voice cracked, trailing off as her eyes settled on Zezi, her gaze screaming for help.

Zezi back straightened immediately and she planted her feet against the floor, chuckling as she stood up. 

"Me."


###chapter 76 - Fire In Veins
"You don't have to be so polite, Lady Delice. I know I'm late."

Oliver chuckled, his voice filling with excitement the more he spoke. "To where? Maybe I can join in?"

"The palace garden." Zezi snapped gently, watching as relief flooded Lady Delice's gaze and this time around, her smile seem to reach her eyes.

Zezi hated that she was doing this and liked it at the same time. 

She hated that she cared so much about a vampire to do this but at the same time, she couldn't just turn a blind eye to what was going on.

First she was a woman first, before a vampire. 

Zezi knew she was no longer in this for the curiousity. If she wanted to know their history so badly, she could just ask Oliver. His mouth was a
basket, words will sputter out. He would talk, she just knew it, even if that would mean enduring his annoying personality.

He clearly seemed like he had something to flaunt about it and for people like him, they always never pass up at the chance to do that. 

It would be easier to get the story from him. 

"Well, I could join in? I want us both to get along and I want to catch up with my Sweet Bun."

"Lady Delice," Zezi stated in a sought of correction, pulling his hand that he had thrown over her shoulders away and replacing it with her own. 

It was such a strange and unexpected movement that even Delice had noted that with a flatter in her warm smile, although she didn't resist it.

"And I, will be doing lady stuff. Sorry, Sir Oliver but you are not invited to this one."

Unlike Delice, Zezi wasn't ready to smile and act like she enjoyed his company, so she had said that with a faim face of refusal that Oliver had taken with an even widen grin.

Lady stuff, uhn?

Now that he was noticing it, Lady Zezi had a linger of dominance that appealed greatly to his pleasure senses. If she wasn't the King's mate, he would take her. Just imagining his face buried in-between her tighs while Delice rides him, made him slide his hand into his pockets.

Laura would be somewhere in the background, giving orders while she touched herself.

Fucking perfection.

Unfortunately, it would also be plain death. 

His death, of course. By the King's hand, or maybe he wouldn't even get his hands on him, which would be even worse.

A chill ran down his spine at the thought of his soul being yanked out and devoured.

The consequences of his lust didn't worth pursuing it.

Besides, Lady Zezi was a werewolf.

Which Vampire, in their right mind, would fuck a werewolf?

"Alright then." He went quickly to the table, pushing the plate of meat into Lady Zezi's hands. "Sometning for you to snack on while you are in the Palace garden.

She received it without a word. 

"Some other time, Sweet Bun." He winked at her, beaming like a child. Zezi eyed him, feeling even more repulsed. There was just something about him that she didn't like. 

Didn't like?

No, she hated it. Not even because he is a vampire but, there was just something!

"It is Lady Delice to you."

She said as Last Zezi lead her out of the kitchen.

The door slammed shut and Oliver busted into a chuckle. 

She was his Sweet Bun.

No matter how she fought it, no matter how many years had passed, that was who was, who she would always be. 

When he had Laura wrapped perfectly around his fingers, which he sensed would be sooner than he thought, and he had his Sweet Bun wrapped perfectly around the other, something he also suspected would happen faster than he planned, he would take both of them to his bed. 

That was his mission here and he wouldn't leave until that was done.

_____

The plate slid into the bin and Zezi dusted the imaginary dirt off her hands. There was no way she was going to eat that. She also didn't mind that the bin was right outside the kitchen and he could see it if he paid any attention.

Her gaze turned to Lady Delice and she noticed how her smile had faded away, probably sometime along when they had slipped out of the kitchen door.

Something was really wrong with her tonight. 

Oliver.

It had to be Oliver. 

But she was determined not to ask. If she asked, then Lady Delice might mistake her question as a sign of care and take it that she was no longer at war with her kind.

That kind of misunderstanding wasn't something Zezi was in the mood for. 

Monsters of the highest tier.

Who would be foolish enough to be at peace with that? Certainly not her.

Zezi was still at war with them, she still hated the vampires for what they had done in the past and what they are still doing, no sorry past or back story about a relationship gone wrong would change that.

The only thing was that she was momentarily raising a white flag. Once tonight was over, she would pull it down and never raise it again.

This time, she meant it.

"I truly have somewhere to be." Lady Delice blurted out, after watching the plate of meat Oliver had prepared get dumped without as much as an emotion from Zezi. 

She wished she could be like that with him. 

Indifferent. 

Completely and totally indifferent.

"I know."

Zezi continued down the stairs and Delice followed, falling into steps behind her before she started walking by her side, as she spoke discreetly.

"You don't even know where I am headed to, Lady Zezi."

"Of course, I do. The Graveyard."

Delice stopped short at the mention of that, her gaze freezing on the bottom of the stairs they were fast approaching, before she got into action, her hand flying to hold Zezi by her closest wrist, who as a result, turned to her with a light frown on her face. 

"I've forgotten. You need to play undercover. Should we head back to your room, or do you have scarfs in your carriage, or are we going to rent a horse again?"

Lady Delice shook her head, feeling overwhelmed with all the questions for only a moment before she could recollect her thoughts.

"My utmost gratitude for what you have done for me tonight, Lady Zezi. You have no idea how much I appreciate it."

There it was. The over-thanking, over polite, no flaw Lady Delice. 

If there was anything that personality ignited in Zezi, it was mistrust.

That, she felt justified about.  

"But my sincerest apologies, Lady Zezi, I cannot bring you with me. I understand that staying in the Castle, night and day, can be so unexciting but if you want to get out, you should ask the King. He will be glad to take you with him and there will be no need for hiding."

Fire ran through her veins as the image of the last time she had seen him had flashed in her mind. Shirtless and covered with hickeys. 

Her hickeys. 

___

((Oliver is getting on my nerves.))


###chapter 77 - Little Medallion
The way his almost hazy eyes had held her gaze, and how affected she had been at how close he had leaned towards her in his bed.

By the Moon.

She could almost feel him close by just through her memories.

Damn this mate bond!

Zezi bit the inside of her lips, looking away. 

She was avoiding the King. Hadn't seen him since she had left his room, her neck completely littered with hickeys.

He was the reason she was wearing a dress with high collar and long sleeves. 

Despite how well, she had been doing in the hiding department, she knew she would still have to see him soon or later. Not with the mission she had in her hands waiting to be done. 

Determined not to let that sway her, Zezi shifted the line of conversation.

"Why not?"

"Pardon, Lady Zezi?"

"Asides from the King, why won't you take me with you."

But Lady Delice wasn't ready to 'asides from the King' in her reply. That was the only thing she could think of. The only excuse she had abd thought reasonable.

"The King will not like it. If he finds out---"

"He won't find out." She replied, crossing her hands in front of her. 

Zezi would love to fight the fact that she didn't belong to him, that it was none of his business where she went to, but she wasn't a clueless teenager. Asides from the fact that the argument would lead to a dead end, after everything that had happened, she knew that there were just some things that were already the way they were. 

That didn't mean she wouldn't fight against it, it just meant that she planned to fight against it different. 

In a way that was effective.

"You are unmarked." Lady Delice replied. "And you no longer smell of the King's blood. Lady Zezi," Delice blinked, the words relating to her more than she would like it. "You are vulnerable."

Zezi knew that and it wouldn't stop her.

"And I suppose you are too weak to protect me."

The words hit Delice right in her gut.

Weak. 

She parted her lips to say that she was not but deep down, she knew she was. She wasn't much of a Protector, even for herself, Laura was the Protector. She was a mere adviser, the only things she had to offer were words, not any form of attack or defense tactic. She would be more than doomed if anything were to happen to Lady Zezi.

But having been put in too many vulnerable positions tonight, it felt too much for her to accept and say it. 

Remembering Laura's importance and what she had done only made her feel worse. She could already feel the gap that was left empty because of their fight.

"If you are going to visit a place like that," Lady Zezi's voice sipped into her ears, snapping her out of her thoughts, "at least have some company."

"Lady Zez--"

"Are we taking your carriage or we are slipping out of the Castle in disguise to take horse back. I prefer carriage, honestly."

Lady Delice was vulnerable tonight, which was making it even harder to stand her own ground. Something Zezi used to her advantage with a tinge of guilt in her heart.

When they got outside, Zezi was the first to slip into the carriage, but before that she had asked. 

"Why are we not hiding tonight?"

"There is no use, Lady Zezi."

"And the King?"

"He is not in the Castle tonight, had to see to some matters."

Zezi had hummed in response then hopped into the carriage and extended her hand to her. 

Despite her knowing that this was momentarily, she couldn't help but feel happiness about this. It made her bubbly.

Could it be because she was going out of the Castle?

It definitely had to be that. 

There was certainly no other reason.

"Let's go together."

Lady Delice placed her hand into hers, the soft lacy glove in her hand a little ticklish against Zezi's warm palm, a warm smile spreading across her lips, her eyes wrinkling by the corners as Zezi pulled her into the carriage. 

Just this once, she would be nice. 

After tonight, there would be no more white flags.

___

The carriage ride had been quiet, not one word was said to another. Zezi leaned back, listening instead to the road and taking notes of all the turns they took, matching it with how she remembered the little journey to the Yard. 

She had not gotten a turn wrong. 

Then she wondered about who the Rider was and how Lady Delice trusted him enough to be the one to bring her here tonight.

On that note, she concentrated more on hiding her scent and clouding her heartbeat. As much as Lady Delice had assured her there was nothing to worry about, she couldn't help but make an effort.

Zezi couldn't tell if it was because she had been distracted or some other thing, but they got to the graveyard faster than she remembered. 

That made sense though. Last time, she had been running and going out of breath, at the same time she was trying to hide her heart beat and her scent.

It must be the comfort that made it all feel different.

The carriage came to a final stop, and they both stepped out, Lady Delice heading to the grave stone, with Lady Zezi following behind.

Now in front of the gravestone, Lady Delice fell on her kneels, running her hand across the gravestone, tracing the letters that had been caved into it. 

Unlike that night, Zezi could finally see what was written on it. 

It was "MY MEDALLION".

Was that the name of the person in the grave?

Medallion.

Or was that just like a sweet name she called the person?

Who was this person?

"My little Medallion." Lady Delice whispered, her eyes glimmering with tears under the soft moonlight. "Mummy is here again."

The words felt like cold ice to Zezi's heart, melting her resolve as she froze with shock, her eyes staring blankly ahead.

It was her child. 

Lady Delice had a child. 

A child that he had lost.

Zezi gulped, her head ringing bells, suddenly as her feelings overwhelmed her, her stomach turning and twisting into knots that she feared would soon go out of her control.

Was that it?

Was that why she had been nice and sympathetic towards her? Towards Mira? Towards her family?

Because she was a Mother?

Did anyone know that she had a child?

What had killed her child?

Wait-- was the King the father of her child?


###chapter 78 - Such Barbaric Practices
"Mummy is sorry." She whispered, tracing the letters on the gravestone. "Mummy should have done better. I know. Mummy should have protected you better, I know. It is all my fault. My son." She cried. "It is all my fault. I didn't even get to name you."

Zezi fell to her kneels slowly while Delice wept, with a slow movement, she put her hand over Delice's shoulders.

For tonight, she would cast it all aside. For tonight, she would view them as the same person, for tonight she would allow herself to comfort her. For tonight, she would be blind to her monstrous side.

Only for tonight, she would raise the white flag.

Delice took the comfort in her action, her head resting against Zezi's shoulder, her face buried into the upper part of her chest, her hair brushing one side of her neck, while she wept and Zezi patted her back slowly, moving her hand up and down in a sign of comfort, not saying a word.

Somewhere along the line, tears had welled up in Zezi's eyes and she was crying too. Her heart aching for Delice  and the pain that her pain remained her of.

The time went by and finally, Delice pulled away from her a sniffling mess. She brushed away her tears, her eyes red and puffy but she didn't look up at Zezi, her gaze was fixed on her grave instead.

Two ladies sitting by a grave.

"The rhythm of your heart is wonderful." Her voice was really low, as if she was afraid to speak any lower.

Zezi remembered the first time Delice had said that to her, how creepy it had sounded, how it had made her feel. This time around though, it felt like the most normal thing to be said. Sounded expected and lighthearted, despite the fact that they were both sitting on the floor in a graveyard.

This almost felt normal. 

She wanted to question her thinking but remembered that for tonight, she had raised a white flag. 

How many white flags more would she raise for Lady Delice?

"I once had a beating heart too."

Zezi frowned, staring into the distance yet not focusing on what was ahead. She could feel confusion build in her and something told her that whatever it was that Lady Delice had to say tonight, she wasn't ready for it. 

"I was once like you, Lady Zezi."

Once like her? That didn't sound about right.

"A werewolf."

Her hand froze on Lady Delice's back and she sucked in her lower lip between her teeth in shock. Her heart was racing wildly and she could feel something jerk inside her at Lady Delice's words.

Zezi didn't want to believe that would shake her belief in any way she wasn't ready for or make her perceive Lady Delice in another light, she wanted to believe that this confession was nothing. But deep down, she knew it was, she knew that this could change a lot of things. 

"An incomplete one though. I didn't have a wolf and I was turned away at a very young age, for being a defect to the pack. Banished. Unwanted. A dirty rogue."

Zezi took in a ragged breath. 

Banishment from packs because one of them was discovered not to have a wolf was very common, even up till now, many packs still did it and it was no surprise why. Having a wolf was an important part of being a werewolf, all the powers of a werewolf dwelled in their wolves. Their strengths, their weaknesses, it all had to do with their wolves. All these wolves must share a link, the pack line, and any wolf that didn't share this link was not a part of the pack. 

That was the only way the pack could stay connected, united. Unity brought more strength and the stronger the wolves, the stronger the pack. 

It was so important that back then in Ginov once a pup was a decade old, they always had to go through a 'Wolf Test'. 

A shiver ran down Zezi's spine as the memory of the first one she had witnessed flashed through her mind. 

The moon had been up in the sky, something she had later on discovered to be important to every Wolf Test. Werewolves powers were always at their peak when the moon was up. 

A girl had been brought to the ring and made to kneel in front of the Alpha, who had placed his hand over the girl's upper chest, with a commandment that she should speak. The Alpha's voice had been unnatural and something had jeered so much in her that she had buried her face into her mother's chest and wept. 

A crying mess she became, all just because of a word that was spoken.

Although her mother readily provided comfort, her Father wouldn't tolerate such show of weakness. She was the child of the Beta and she would set good examples.

The girl had risen her head, but not a word came out from her lips that were tightly pressed together like it had been sew together, neither did her eyes change in color, at least that was what Zezi's tearful blurry sight had seen. 

Cries had rang from the crowd, the girl's mother pulling her daughter against her chest and begging for mercy as the Alpha stepped away from them like they were a plague.

Zezi remembered the Alpha to be a kind person but that night, he had showed a different side of him and she had been made to realize that he had a wicked side, judging this only from the fact that the words he had said when he turned his back against them had made George's eyes turn glassy with tears.

George was the son of the Alpha and  was a boy that never cried ever since Zezi had known him and since tears had welled up in his eyes, even though they never got the chance to roll down his cheeks, then the Alpha must have been the one to have done sometning bad. 

They had all left the Pack Center after that, leaving the Alpha, his son, the mother and the girl without a wolf behind. 

Zezi remembered that her mother had taken her back home and cried as she had locked the doors. She had then pulled her into her laps, and wept even more. 

One more thing that happened was that, her Father didn't return home that night. 

The lack of understanding of what had happened allowed Zezi to live in blissful oblivion until the next night when her father had returned. 

That night was the first time she had witnessed her parents fight. 

No hits, No physical violence but the words and the shouting was just as traumatic. It had been too much that Zezi had ran out of the house to the lake and they hadn't noticed because they had been arguing so loudly.

That was where she had met the Alpha's son by the river bank, crying. She had said nothing but sat next to him, crying too.

They cried together, loudly and without restraint.

When they were done, they had settled in silence and before anyone of them had the chance to speak to another, her mother had come running, picked her up and ran back to the house.

The words her mother had said to her that night had meant nothing but excessive tearful gibberish, while her Father had said nothing at all, his face hard and a glimmer of tears in his eyes. It had all meant nothing to her. But how could they have meant anything more? She had been only five and the only reason she still remembered all this, was because she had been blessed with an exceptional memory. 

Now that she was older though, Zezi understood. 

They had banished the little girl for something she had no control over, her mother had gone with her, ripping her connection from the pack's link, picking her child over them.

They had gone rogues. 

As for her Mother's tears and her Father's unspoken words that night, Zezi understood them to be her her parents fear for her. Zezi had showed no signs of having a wolf like most kids her age. Other wolves would talk to their human, making their presence know to their human, but Zezi's wolf never did that. Her parents had been beyond terrified that she would fail the Wolf Test when she became ten. 

If only they knew...

Up till now, Zezi couldn't understand why her wolf was different. Why her wolf never spoke to her, why her wolf never really felt like an entity on its own like George's own. 

Instead it felt like her wolf was her and she was her wolf.

Now as a mother, Zezi understood her parents fears better. 

Zezi could relate to a lot of thing snow though, like the fear her parents had.

As much as the Capital was enlightened, the Wolf Test was still a very strong practice. Also, the time for Mira to take the test was drawing nearer and nearer. 

The problem was that Mira was showing no signs of having a wolf. 

Zezi let out a shaky breath, moving her hand up and down Delice's back, not for the vampire's comfort anymore but for her own. 

She would love to blame genetics but Mira wasn't her blood daughter and Zezi was scared that she was indeed without a wolf.


###chapter 79 - Bad Old Days
"My parents were disappointed. They had high hopes and the signs I had showed, they had thought I had it in me. You know, a wolf." She paused slightly before she continued. "Every ounce of love they ever showed me disappeared. Despite the fact that I was their only child, they lead me to the boarder themselves and set me into the wild. I watch them turn their backs on me and not once did they look back."

Zezi's hand stilled around Delice's, tightening as it moved further up to her shoulder. 

"I understand them, even right there I understood where they were coming from. My parents were mere omegas and anything more that would bring them below the Pack ranks would have been nothing more but painful shame to what they were already facing. I have forgiven them, I hold no grudges against them and I hope that they are doing fine in their graves." As lighthearted as those words had sounded, Zezi was more distracted by the whiff of madness that she had once sensed from Lady Delice's lingering aura, seeping into the air.

Her words were pure and had sounded like the most sincere words Zezi had ever heard. Her calmness and 'easily forgiving heart' ignited her feelings of mistrust. For no particular reason that she could pinpoint, Zezi felt torn between two options. 

Options that she didn't even know what they were, or maybe she knew and was just trying to deny it by feigning ignorance of it's existence.

"They had said they hope I die, the Moon Goddess was listening and she was quick to response to their wishes. She had been deaf to mine though, I wonder why." They fell into a short silence, before her voice cracked through it like glass, smashing it away quietly. "I had been attacked by  rogues, werewolves who had been banished from their packs for actual crimes they committed. I knew that they had wolves, unlike me. They turned into them. I have never seen something so made like that, back then, and when their claws slashed across my back--" She swallowed, shivering.

It had been more than two centuries ago, yet she could still feel the pain lingering in that small part of her memory that never healed, she could remember how her legs had slipped beneath her and how she had fallen to the floor in a pool of her own blood. 

Just as her eyes had flashed with pain, her lips stretched into a thin smile and a glimmer of happiness glinted on her teary eyes. 

"He saved me. The Sire. He bit life into me and for that I loved him." She paused, then added in a lower tome. "Love him."

The urge to look up at Lady Zezi was strong but Delice paid no heed to her instincts and kept her gaze fixed to the ground instead, her eyes skimming over the grave stone, as she read the words that had already been ingrained into her memory due to how often she had paid this place a visit.

"He was ten, twice my age. He shouldn't have sired me, but he did. He was too young and inexperienced to have stepped, yet he saved me in the only way he knew how to. I think I fell in love with him right there."

Zezi's lips turned downwards, a light frown on her face. 

She wasn't angry. 

It wouldn't make sense for her to be. 

She didn't love the King, it was alright if someone else did. Besides, they were of the same kind, and if the child in the grave was theirs, if they had a child together, if they were both in love with one another a long time ago or even presently while they hid it, if was none of her business.

Also whatever thing that had her eyes glinting with pride had no place doing that.

"But he never did. He dissuaded me many times, kept his distance and claimed that I only felt that way because he was my Sire."

Zezi really wasn't interested in listening to all this. Why was she even telling her about this history that she had no interest in listening to?

"There were also other things that had happened."

After the pause, Zezi expected Lady Delice to continue just as she had some earlier but the silence lingered for long and Zezi was starting to fear that an answer would never come.

Curiousity got the best of her and she found herself asking before she could even stop herself.

"What happened?"

Delice didn't answer, instead she rested more heavily into Zezi's embrace, who flinched, not from the weight but the amount of emotional reliance that implied. 

Zezi didn't want that. She didn't want any one of the monsters to see her in that kind of light. 

White flag.

She reminded herself. 

She would just have to ensure not to be raising this white flag again. All she had were three and two were already used. She had no intention to use the last one. 

"Do you know that I am the only member of the WoodBurn House? I even came up with the name myself."

Delice's attempt to change the conversation was poor and Zezi saw right through it. But Lady Delice wasn't always so shaky, and her movement from one line of conversation to another was always smooth. It must be the state that she was in tonight that was making her extremely vulnerable.

"What had happened? Did it have to do with the King?" Zezi's words did not rush over one another like the emotions that slowly turned into a turnado in the pit of her stomach. They sounded calm and held no urgency, like if the question had gone unanswered, she wouldn't pursue it because it was simply not that important.

"Yes, Lady Zezi."

"And what was it?"

"You should ask the King. His Majesty will be in a better position to tell you."

Zezi nodded slowly. 

If it had been before, she would have detested that answer but now, she appreciated it. She hoped it was something emotional, hopefully one that cracks his guarded surface. That would help her mission.

"The King is very good at ignoring people and things, but I'm sure he wouldn't ignore you, unlike me, he is in love with you." 

Zezi cleared her throat awkwardly. It was quiet but Delice could hear it and with how close she was leaning against her, the sound must have rang in her ears. 

"Life would have been hard if not for his seven year old sister that I had met. Laura was everything and together, we grew up as family. She encouraged my love for the King, giving her support to the budding feeling that I had for the boy that was always locked away."

Always locked away?

Unease settled in the bit of her stomach and she found her nails catching sand in-between it as she absentmindedly traced lines into the soil.

"Till his lack of response got tiring. Who pursues someone for 200 years?"

Zezi stiffled a laugh, not wanting to find humour at Lady Delice's expense but Delice found it funny herself, and she chuckled. 

"It sounds ridiculous when I say that out loud."

The laughter slipped and Lady Delice looked up at her with a face devoid of her earlier smile before she shook her head, a smile snaking up her face again as she looked away. 

"It's alright. You are permitted to laugh at my stupidity. It makes me feel better." Then she continued. "I left because the heartbreak from his constant rejection was just too much. Then, I met someone." Humour vanished from her voice. "Oliver. I loved him, at least I think so and for two years wee were together. Oliver was everything his Majesty wasn't. To receive the kind of affection I gave back was magical. He made me feel on top of the world and I was determined to keep him. No one dare come near Oliver anyways, Laura made sure of that."

It must be a different Oliver, certainly not the one with the tainted braided beard. This Oliver looked like a fashion chaos and Zezi was sure in no book was he termed attractive but different strokes for different folks. 

"Laura was backing them all off. Sending all of them away to ensure that she would be the one to steal him herself. I found them together, in my own bed, on the useless birthday of mine that Oliver was always insisting I celebrate. That was one of the most heartbreaking things I had ever walked in on."

Zezi pressed her lips together as she tried to think of the most heartbreaking things she has ever walked in on. 

None came to her memory. 

Most of the heartbreaking things that had ever taken place in her life, mostly happened during her presence, like when her parents were killed, or even happened to her directly, like the night she had shared that stupid gaze with the Vampire King.


###chapter 80 - Hue of Friendship
"Our friendship was almost ruined.." Delice gasped slightly, remembering how she had dashed out of the room immediately, her heart shattering. How Laura had folowoed her, wrapping a bedsheet around her body in a hurry, hickeys littered across her neck, her lips swollen from kisses, her eyes hazy with lust, blood dripping from a side of her lips.

"She told me she would banish him, that she had only conducted a test for him to see if he was worthy of me."

"And you believed her?"

Delice didn't answer immediately until she finally did.

"Laura loves me." She gulped, nodding. She looked up at Zezi, before looking down slowly, saying the next words underneath her breath like she was trying to convince herself of something she already had reasonable doubts about. "She loves me."

There was something about this whole situation that reminded Zezi about that time in the Alpha's office, when George had thrown her right across the room because his wolf had taken over and he was about to fight with Alpha Gery.  The Luna had asked her if he was always violent with her like that, if she was safe and she had answered by saying, 'he loves me.'

She never knew how pathetic and blinded that had sounded until now that she was hearing it from someone else, until now that it was playing right before her eyes. 

"If she had banished him, would he even be a Governor..."

Delice stiffled from her earlier tears. 

"Laura didn't banish him. I know she didn't. That was why I was hurt."

Zezi tsked.

"She sounds like a terrible friend."

"She is not."

"She is."

"She is not."

"I said she is."

"She--"

"--is!"

Delice looked up at her, blinking, her lips pressed together. 

"What?" Zezi asked with a stubborn shrug. "That is exactly how she sounds like. Terrible. If there was a word worse than terrible that I can think of right now, then she is that word."

Delice shook her head, resting her head against Zezi's shoulder again. 

"You won't understand. Our friendship is different. Special."

Zezi felt more enraged. 

Those were the same words she used to say about her and George. 

That they were different, special, unique!

She loved him, she knew but being with him was a problem she should have stopped herself from having a very long time ago. Certainly right from the first time his wolf had gotten violent with her. She couldn't still get rid of the memory of how his wolf had almost killed her the cave, right in front of their daughter. 

As much as Delice's friendship with Laura wasn't violent, Zezi couldn't help but sense that it was that same thing.

Laura was manipulating Delice and she was allowing it. Something told Zezi that Delice wasn't stupid to what was going on but was allowing it because of how dependant she had become on the idea of them sticking together. That she was afraid of stepping out of the status quo because she believed her world would crumble down if she did so. She was scared of the new world that change would introduce her to, and the fear of that was keeping her right where Laura wanted her, believing that at least she knew what to expect from it. 

Zezi didn't want to think about why Laura had that sick definition of love, with how she was always sticking up for Delice, or if she did that for ulterior motives. 

She could only bring the white flag so high. If she worried for Laura, then her white flag would transcend the sky!

As for Delice's fear, that had been what happened to Zezi too. She had also been scared for the people that would be affected if she tried to change things, but Zezi didn't know if Lady Delice had any sought of commitment that might suffer, just like she did.

"She is using you and one day, when you become useless, she will dispose of you."

Delice moved away from her embrace and Zezi let her hand fall from her. She most likely didn't need that comfort anymore. 

"She made me realize that my destiny was with the King."

"By sleeping with your Chosen?"

"Her ways are different but she means well."

Zezi stared at her through narrowed eyes and folded her arms across her. 

"So I guess you took the betrayal of the two, of the most important people in your life with a smile of warm understanding."

"I was heartbroken because I was too blinded to see past my heartache to understand things as I should have."

Wow!

She was even blaming herself.

How far gone was she?

"So I left and because of what she did, I was able to go on a little adventure." She stared up at Zezi, her eyes glimmering with tears. "That was when I had a child."

Something turned in Zezi's belly. There it was, that thing she had been telling the herself that she didn't care about.

She curled her hand into fist against the ground, then let it go almost instantly.

"Oliver's?" 

Baby steps to the big question.

Delice shook her head. 

Zezi managed to let not her demeanour seem shaken but she could feel her throat tighten with a force grip.

"The King's?"

"No."

The relief that rushed through her veins had no business doing that. 

She didn't care about the King or whosoever he had been in realationship with or was in a relationship with presently.

He was none of her business.

"He wouldn't even touch me. it was, you know, an adventure."

"Yes, adventure."

Delice nodded eagerly, tears welling up in her eyes even more.

"That was the only time in my life I was without Laura and even at the end, I still needed her. She was the one who buried my son."

Zezi's heart deepened in grieve that wasn't her own as her gaze moved to the gravestone.

"Right here?"

"No. I moved far away from Lavida back then."

"Do you pay his real grace a visit?"

"I don't. I don't know where it is, Laura won't tell me."

Zezi blinked, shocked. 

This was beyond anything that she had experienced with George.

This? This was worse!

"Why?"

"She wants me to get over it. A dead child is a flaw. The King mustn't know that I have a flaw. She is only doing it for my own good. She did allow me to dig this one."

Suddenly, her hands started moving along the gravestone.

It started slow.

"Laura shouldn't find out I'm here. Laura will not be happy." 

Then her movement grew frantic.

She started shaking. "I don't want Laura and I to fight. I want Laura to be happy. I must make Laura happy."

Zezi mouth fell open with shock, her hands moving quickly to smolder Delice in an embrace to stable her.

It felt so unnatural to see her like this, this broken, this unstable, this shaken to her very core. 

It scared Zezi in a way she couldn't explain. 

"You should stay away from her. She isn't good for you." She pulled her out of her embrace, placing her hands over her shoulders, staring right at her. "She. Is. Not. A. Good. Friend."

When she spoke again, she sounded more like the Delice she knew. 

"But she is my friend still."

Zezi hands fell from her in defeat and she pressed her lips together tightly.

Any more words said, would be just as useless as the ones earlier spoken.

Delice continued talking about how
when the King took the throne after the Dark Times, he needed a Queen. She had been the best candidate, because he sired her, she was the only vampire he had ever sired. She was the only vampire he was most connected with asides from his sister. Laura had easily looked for her to take her place but had found her in labour. How that had been when she had just lost her child and he had given her time to grieve. 

How for ten years she had grieved and even now, she was still doing. But Laura had told her that if she kept him waiting for too long, he would lose interest and leave her. So at the end of the tenth year, she had gone to him and claimed that she was ready to be his Queen.

It was all Laura this, Laura that. 

Laura.

Laura.

Laura.

It was interesting to find out that she wasn't just terrible to the people she hated but also to the people who she claimed to love.

How could Delice not see the need to fight this?

But once again, it was none of her business what they did. 

They were vampires, and vampires were monster. 

Every terrible thing that happened to them, they deserved. 

But why had her heart felt heavy with that last thought?

It wasn't after they were already in the carriage, did Zezi remember something that she shouldn't have even forgotten in the first place. 

"What time is it? Do you have a clock with you, Lady Delice?" 

Lady Delice noticed that her tone didn't suggest any sarcasm. Although she had been comforting her while they had been at the gravestone, her persona had changed immediately they got into the carriage.

A cold atmosphere had settled in-between them too.

"It dont know what the time says exactly but I'm sure it's way past midnight."

Oh no.


###chapter 81 - Over Her Dead Body
Zezi gulped, folding her arms and leaning back into her seat. 

She should be in the library, she should be meeting Akeem, Akeem should be introducing her to his High Pillar, her mission should be in motion by now but she had foolishly allowed her emotions to sway her and now she had missed it. 

What if they left the library, taking her absense the wrong way and decided she would never join the White Circle?

That didn't sound as threatening as it should when she thought about it. She knew she was important to them and it would take them much more to decide that they didn't need her. 

But she couldn't be sure. She didn't know the White Circle enough to know how their minds worked. If they even decide they didn't need her anymore, well, that would be alright.

What raised her fear though was if the White Circle sent death after her. They could even send Akeem to silence her, the mission would be smooth and easy for him, considering the qualities he possessed. 

He had no aura, and he hide his heartbeat perfectly.

The King would never be able to trace that.

Another option was for them to kill her with Wolfsbane, but that will only alert the King of their presence and give them leads. They would not want to do that.

She leaned further into the seat, almost becoming on with it as she tried to steady herself to the rhythmic movement of the carriage.

She missed the pack, sh missed using cars. 

Why had Lady Delice not used a car? Did she not have one?

Ah, the cave. 

They couldn't drive a car through that. 

Zezi bit her lower lip before releasing it yet again from her teeth's grip.

As much as she tried to push her worry about the White Circle aside, it bugged her. She needed them as much as they needed her. She didn't know a way she could kill the King and carry out her revenge, she was at a complete lose of how to put her burning hatred into use without them and that witch in their midst.

She only hoped that when she ran up to the library, Akeem would be there waiting for her, along with his High Pillar. If they were mad by the time she got there, she would handle it. There was no heat that was too much for her to handle.

Ah. She really shouldn't have come along with Lady Delice tonight. 

It had really messed up her plans!

"Thank you, Lady Zezi." Lady Delice's voice cut into her mind, bringing her attention back to the carriage and how uncomfortable it was. She felt her butt slidding off the leather seat slowly and she sat up adjusting herself. If she were to fall on the carriage floor, it would be really awkward. And she would rather die than have herself look like a scribbling idiot in front of a vampire. 

"I really appreciate that you have come with me tonight."

The anger that was boiling in her veins about what she was probably missing right now, didn't let her think twice. The desperate need for her not to be seen in the light of a friend or any warm connection build up whatsoever, fired into her lungs, compressing into words.

"I only did that because I missed stepping out."

Like a cherry on top, she added. "I only used you."

Something flashed in Delice's eyes as she watched Zezi whose eyes were fixed on the ceiling of the carriage. 

She nodded at the words, her demeanour betraying no other emotion than the other she had already let out. 

"Are you late for a meeting?"

Zezi could feel her intestines twisting into painful knots at that question. Had she made herself that obvious. 

Stupid!

All her years of being a Zeta and she allowed herself to be careless enough around an enemy to the extent that they could figure her out. 

How long had she spent around Lady Delice tonight?

Whatever long hours they were, she wished she could take them back.

As much as it seem not to have done anything, Zezi could feel that something in her had changed. She couldn't figure out what it was yet but she hoped to kill it before it started to manifest. 

Whatever it was, she was sure it wasn't good. 

"One with the King?"

Zezi did not answered, wanting to kill any hoped that were building up her mind about them being any sought of close buddies. 

She was no way Toxic Laura. 

"I'm sorry for holding you for so long. You are probably late and His Majesty does not like to be kept waiting--" her words dissolved into a gasp.

"By the Blood! He will know you went outside! He would have checked for you. He would have--" 

Zezi zoned her out, watching her jitter while she audibly ran through different thoughts about what the King might do when he discovers what had happened. 

She had even said that he might have even sent soldiers out to find them. She was certain she would sleep in the dungeon, worried that Laura might not come to her rescue as she would normally do, and even if she did, she had said the King would still do as he pleased.

Her fear of losing her title of the Royal Advisor shone through her eyes as she said it.

Zezi almost felt moved to say a word or two to stop her from worrying, but she caught herself midway and her brows knitted in worry.

What rubbish!

She would love to dwell in anger but deep down, she knew that wasn't the only thing that she was feeling.

In all honesty, Zezi didn't know how to feel about Delice now that she knew of her sorrowful past. It made her more human than monster in the light that Zezi had set to look from.

She didn't want to get involved with any Vampire but the more time she tried to steer away from them, the more she seemed to get more entangled in this hopeless situation.

These two vampires, one being undoundly Gwen and the other being Lady Delice, were already making themselves of a little importance in her life. Sharing things that she could real to and helping her in their own ways.

She hated that.

She wished they could be mean and wicked towards her. She wished they showed her a little more hatred. She wished Gwen would state more and more about how she was unworthy like Laura would always do, she wished Delice will act up on jealousy in ways that she could at least see and believe.

As much as she wanted to hold on to emotions that would build her hatred for them, seeing was believing and she wasn't really seeing a lot of things that would hold her hatred up and solid like an unshaken gold throne.

Sitting upright, she came to a conclusion.

She would just have to be fast with her part of the White Circle's mission.

Akeem and his High Pillar had better be at that damn Library by the time she got there, or else, she would figure out a way to do it all on her own.

Right now, her heart was already betraying her, swaying and feeling pity for Lady Delice. 

Who knew what would happen next. 

Genuine feelings for the King?

Over her dead body.

___

By the time they got to the Castle, Zezi was angrier. 

Trying to distract herself from all of that pity, she had taken it upon herself to remind herself one by one, all the things that the Vampires had done to her kind.

The more she remembered, the more her frown deepened, the more her brows knitted together, her lips pressed in a straight line.

Her anger grew so much that she had half a mind to lurch herself at Lady Delice, slash her throat open while she yanked out her heart and watch the ever cold and still body of muscles. 

Lady Delice didn't look like the type that would fight too much, but one never knew an opponent fully until they were backed to the wall and had no where to run.

There was a whiff of madness that Zezi always caught up in Lady Delice's aura, no matter how gentle she looked, and no matter how much she was craving to dig her claws into the throat of a vampire, doing that now would ruin everything she had been carefully laying out.

The crave was illogical, yet it remained, strong.

Not to give into this wild thought, she had to dig her claw into her palm to distract herself with the pain. 

The carriage had barely stopped before she bursted out of it. Skillfully slipping through the door, she was gone before Lady Delice could even stop her and talk more about her fears and how it seemed they had luckily escape from the King's suspicion.

She didn't have time for that right now. 

She wanted to see Akeem and his High Pillar right now. 

She wanted them to discuss and get the plan into motion already.

Zezi eyes caught a glimpse of the clock as she rushed up stairs, the clock had just struck 3 am.

Too late.

Too late.

The voice in her head rang, but she'd be doomed to listen to that.


###chapter 82 - Words She Shouldn't Hear
"You shouldn't make Lady Zezi your Queen. With all due respect and all the formalities that I should have started with. Sorry about that."

Unfortunately, the voice was one that Zezi knew all too well. The light-heartedness of the aura it flowed with, the humour that was buried within it, and the way the calmness slipped through the shelf that she was hiding behind and floated to her ears like a gentle petal swayed by the breeze. There was no doubt in her mind that that voice belonged to Sir Oliver. 

For once since he had stepped into the Castle and she had seen him, this was the first time she would be wholeheartedly agreeing with something he said. She didn't know the reason why he had said that but what does it matter?

Despite her total agreement to the statement, she dared not speak. Not because she was afraid of saying it, she had after all made her intentions about this whole mate situation known to the King times without number, the only problem, was that, she was hiding. 

Rushing up the stairs, she had been smart enough to hid her heartbeat and her scent as she was recently learning to do, when she sprinted into the library, she had been grateful that she had done that.

As her mind had told her, Akeem and his High Pillar were no where in sight. Alright, considering that she didn't even know how his High Pillar looked like, at least she knew Akeem and she knew that he was the Librarian. Tonight though, he had not been at his seat too.

Just the usual. 

The gentle flipping of the book that Zezi persumed the King was reading, sliced through the silence, making her her press her back further against the Book shelf she was hiding behind. She had been lucky they had their backs turned to the door when she had sprinted in. Although an excuse would have readily slipped out of her mouth as to the reason for her presence here, but Zezi was avoiding them for three different reasons.

One being that she wasn't sure if Akeem and his High Pillar had been here, but the King had captured them.

The second one being that, if they had not been here and the King happened to just be in the library by a huge coincidence, then she wasn't ready to face him yet.

Tomorrow though, she would be ready.

The third one raced back to the fear she had, when she had first started talking to Akeem. The whole betrayal scheme could just be a test and the King could just be sitting there to see if she would come to the Library as per the information given to him by his spices, who were disguising as traitors of the throne - Akeem and whoseover that High Pillar was. That was even of the so called Gogh Pillar existed.

He might just be sitting there, waiting to see if she had failed the test he set for here.

Maybe this would be the last snap, maybe he would finally lose it, give up all hope in her and kill her. 

Whatever it was, there had to be reason he was here tonight and by this time. Zezi wasn't sure of what it was and she would definitely not allow herself to die upon an uncertainty.

It wasn't something very 'Zetaly' to do.

"I'm waiting." The King's voice boomed and she shut her eyes briefly to concentrated on hiding her presence, fighting the distraction that the mate bond was trying to force into her mind. 

It was a battle to fight the urge of jumping out from behind this shelf and lurching herself straight into his arms, burying her nose in the croak of his neck, breathing in that earthy scent that only he possessed while she ran her fingers through his silky long hair. 

Ah! This was terrible.

All the fights that used to be strong in her while she had George's mate had all vanished. All she was hanging to right now were her own restraints and every passing moment, they threatened to betray her.

His eyes was all her mind could think about and his lingering touch. Everything he had done on the Full Moon through her mind and the need to have it happen again made her hands curled into fists by her sides, as she recounted in her mind all the reasons why she should keep hating him instead of allowing this feeling to possess her.

"The uprisings, You Majesty." The bubbly voice said, followed by the slight and quick scrapping of a chair against the floor, back and forth. "They have become even more and the only reason for this is because they know you have taken in a weaker breed as your mate. Many still have hope about the whole situation but when-- if you crown her as Queen, many of our kind will turn against you." 

Zezi bit her bottom lip as her brows furrowed in deep thinking. 

She had thought the King didn't know anything about any uprising or revolution against him. Maybe this wasn't a trap after all. Maybe he had even captured Akeem and his High Pillar. 

"Many of our kind respect fate." The King said with a calmness, like this was the most common knowledge and Oliver was even stupid to suggest otherwise. "They honour the mate bond."

Oliver giggled sheepishly. 

"Don't get me wrong, Your Majesty. I'm only looking out for you. See, how about this? You can serve both sides without having problems." There was a pause before he quickly added. "Your Majesty."

There was dead silence and even the consistent rhythmic flipping that was expected right about now, stopped midway.

"Have you forgotten the rules that guide us, Oliver?"

"Rules?" Oliver said with a blah tone. "Rules?" He said with a slight chuckle, the chair moving a little against the floor. 

Was he crackling.

Clearing his throat, he spoke, his voice sounding more serious than humorous.

"Rulea are meant to be bent, molded and shaped, and who's better to made, mold and shape them, than you, your Majesty." His voice deepened with emphasis but still that humor made itself even more present within it. "You make the rules, Your Majesty, and you may break them if you please, then make them into whatever you break them into right after or even later."

There was a slight tapping against the table surface, and Zezi froze with each tap. 

"You may take more than one patner, no one will question you. No one questions the King."

Zezi's heartbeat picked up and she forced herself to concentrate more on hiding her presence. It had never been this hard before, she could feel it draining her, her sight turning to blue ever so often before it switched right back to normal.

It was getting hard to breath.

She wasn't worried about who the King decided to get married to or take as his Queen, so why was her body going through all the stages of panic, sadness and anger combined. 

Why wasn't the King talking yet?! He should be saying something already!

Turning down Oliver's proposal, perhaps. Not like that was why she wanted but...

Her heart was pounding loudly in her head now. 

WHY WASN'T HE TALKING YET?!

She should kill Oliver. Not because of what he said, she wasn't concerned about that, but a sick feeling in her made her want to have his head on a stick.

"You may take Lady Delice as your Queen, she will rule, she is a vampire and she commands respect. The people love and honour her. It will show that you have the people at heart. You will satisfy the side that wants a good royal blood line to lead them." Then he sighed with a hint of laughter in his voice, that only made Zezi's blood boil even more. 

She wasn't jealous. She would never be. 

If the monster bonded himself with someone other than her, it would be good radiance. Hopefully he would let her go.

Maybe.

Ah!

She wasn't angry. She wasn't angry. It was the mate bond's fault but she still wasn't angry.

The King wasn't hers, he could be anyone's but hers. She was only angry that this plan was still involving her with bonding with him.

That was why she was angry. 

Not because of any other reason. 

Certainly not!

"You sired her, and you are the strongest vampire we have. It will be a perfect match."

The book flipped. 

The King was reading again.

Zezi blinked, feeling the strong wood digging into her back, her sight turning blue again from the thought that crossed through her mind.

Was he, perhaps, considering it?!

The flipping continued. 

It was starting to turtore her now. 

So, he could bare the idea of being bonding someone else for life asides his mate? Wow. Her kind would always be better. 

"Then you will take the wolf as a concubine. Satisfy the side that honours fate. You will please all, be loved by all."

Zezi gritted her teeth. 

Oliver just topped her death list. 

She would kill him first.


###chapter 83 - Oli Chameleon
"Oliver." He said with a gritted drag in his voice. 

"Your Majesty?"

"Do you have problem with the Fur Breed?" 

"Have a problem with the wolves? Personally? Pst, no! Buuuuttt... not everyone is as forward thinking as I am, your Majesty." 

A slow flip. 

Zezi closed her eyes counting in her head, to the end of the slow flip, I'm order to adjust the rhythm in her head.

It reminded her of her daughter. Mira would do this too. Each thing she did had a particular number in her head and she would always laugh in victory anytime she got it correctly, stress over it whenever she didn't. George would step in there, he always knew how to get her back on track.

Moving her hand up her chest, she hoped that they were fine. Hoped that George had found someone else,or at least was now better than Aunt Alice said he was last time. 

She hoped they were happy.

A slow flip again, and she counted till it was over.

'...12!' she smiled in triumph and closed her eyes firm at his hum of thinking.

Every little action of his seem to elicit a new feeling in her that she didn't know existed, and that feeling always sent her heart racing in more ways than she would like.

"It is an insult and a treasonous act to think that your King is stupid."

"What?!" For once, since Zezi had had heard Oliver speak, he didn't sound any humourous, not even slightly to that effect. Instead, he sounded completely taken aback.

"I know that you are here for Delice. Your proposal has done nothing in covering up your tracks."

Zezi blinked. 

Of course. Thinking back to how he had acted in the kitchen, calling her his Sweet Bun and standing in her way, this definitely seemed like a strategy.

Sir Oliver really was a snake, a perfect match for Laura.

Good thing the King could figure him out. 

Not like it mattered to her. 

But he still hasn't said anything about accepting the proposal or not, and that was really starting to stress her. 

She was even starting to count for her own breathing.

"That is lie." He snapped, before a chair scrapped loudly against the floor and the thud of someone falling to their kneels, hit Zezi's ears. 

"Pardon me, your Majesty." He didn't sound like he was in pain, so the King was probably not doing anything to him. Yet.  "It's just that as a friend, I must tell you the truth."

"Friend?"

"Yes, My King. The people are afraid of you. You soul sizing power is scaring them. They fear that one day it will take total control of you and you will I'll attack them."

So his kind feared that he would be more monstrous than they were and attack them, like their kind attacked hers?

They should be afraid, terrified even.

Although, Zezi could not see it but knowing that the vampires were scared of their own leader, although it wasn't how she would had things if she got to decide, it still filled her with glee.

Their misery tasted sweet. 

"Everyone knows that as you are, you are already unstoppable." He stopped for breath but continued before eh could even catch one, like his life depended on the next words he would say. 

The King must be getting angrier now. He must be frowning down at him, or maybe those black zig zag lines were already crawling up his face.

Zezi let out a yawn.

She had been hiding here for quiet a while now and she was starting to feel really sleeping. She blinked, her eyes watering from the sleep she was depriving herself. She couldn't even risk dozing off her, her control would slip and they would know that she was here. 

So she wouldn't sleep, she was a war general, denying sleep was easy. As long as her inner self felt no ease around it's surroundings.

Like this present situation she was in. 

"If you take Delice as your Queen, they will relent, knowing that there is someone they can turn to by your side. If you take Lady Zezi, they will feel further torn away from you with the fur breed. Besides, they are also weak as a kind. Your Majesty, don't letthe people go and seek for trust and security somewhere else."

"So, I am the monster now. A little reminder, I became this to save everyone from my father." His voice was rather leveled but it was filled with so much anger, that Zezi's eyes had flew wide awake with alert.

"Ah!"

Oliver grunted a little in pain before silence filled the Library shortly. 

The more the silence lingered, the more Zezi grew tense. 

What was happening?

Had they discovered she was hiding here? Was he killing Oliver? Was Oliver bringing evidence as a show to his proposal? Had someone else walked into the library?

Ah!

Why was it so quiet?!

What was---

The book flipped.

He was reading again?

What was this vampire.

Bipolar?

"I don't want you here anyone, Oliver. Leave in the morning."

"What?! Why? Because I brought before you, issues that are stressing the people? Things I believe you should know about? I was only doing my duty. This is unfair, Your Majesty."

"I appreciate your dedication and commitment, Oliver. Your papers are already by my desk, your duty as the Governor of the Left Province is done here. So, leave."

Zezi would love for him to leave, but of he didn't, she was certain one day she would get rid of him herself. 

Oliver had just committed so many crimes in her mind, her crave to out an end to him was starting to crawl into her priority list. 

He should feel lucky.

"But as the Princess Chosen, I can still spend more time here." He sounded like he had a choice and when he continued talking, his confidence in his ground showed even more. "I am here for my Laura. I miss her."

The King's continuous flipping was his only response. Between the quiet counting, Zezi imagined what book it would be that was taking his attention so much. She didn't take him as much of a reader. 

"How about a Bargain?" The chair moved against the floor again, Zezi strained her ears to pick up the movement, her sleepy mind already making things difficult. 

It seemed Oliver was sitting down once again. She wondered what he had been doing before. 

"You will give me more time to make it official with Laura, while I teach you how to make good steaks  to warm the heart of your mate."

"Steak?" He said with an half focused tone. He must be engrossed with the book he was reading.

An instinctive smile crossed her lips before she quickly frowned and damned the mate bond in her mind a thousand times. 

"I have no need to seduce my own mate. Besides, what is more attractive than being King."

"King of her enemies." There was a pause, the King must have done something became Oliver had quickly responded with a nonchalant, "what?"

Now, the urges Zezi had to fight down had just increased. She was now fighting the urge to creep out from behind the shelf and hide somewhere else, somewhere she could see them and not miss out on their little actions. 

"You will still need go charm her."

The topic had switched so quickly? How ironical.

"I appreciate your concerns for your future Queen, Oliver but you don't have to worry. I know my way around seducing my woman."

The possessiveness in that tone and what it might have implied, sent her panting. If her heart should race any faster than this, she would just die.

He had said Future Queen, does that mean he hadn't considered Oliver's proposal?

"What tricks does a virgin of your age have you his sleeves?"

Zezi's brows shot up in awe. 

Virgin?

"I am not a virgin."

"Let me do the math. You definitely didn't have sex in your childhood. That's gross, you hate gross." With a click of his tongue, he moved on. Zezi could imagine him counting off his fingers, or just playing with his funny looking braided beard. As funny as he was in her mind, her urge to kill him was still strong. "Locked up in the castle ever since you were fifteen, stayed in it for 200 years because, no choice."

Zezi found herself listening with rapt attention. Was that true? Was he imprisoned in his own castle?

"It's been ten years since you were free and you still haven't gotten it ye--ah! Oh wait." A sudden movement. "Maybe you like men?" And with the sickest voice Zezi had ever heard, Oliver asked. 

"Do you like me, Your Majesty? You can't tolerate a lot of vampires and you have been tolerating me for so long, could it be that you have feelings for me."

Zezi mouth hung lose, her eyes wide with shock as she stared into the shelf ahead.

What just happened?


###chapter 84 - Sleepyhead
The book snapped shut.

"Bend over."

"Wh--at?"

Zezi's eyes widened.

No, no, no, NO!

"I must find out my feelings for you one way or another. Now. Bend. Over." 

No, he did not just say that.

"Your...Majesty, pl-please I---I--- can't." Oliver's voice sounded like it was muffled with tears and the image that flashed through Zezi's mind from that one thought, sent her blood boiling.

Has her mat--the King lost his mind? 

"Iwasonlyjoking, your Majesty. I-was-only-joking!" The words sounded jumbled and came out with a squeak. "I really don't want a dick in my ass, please!"

"I was only joking too. You should be laughing."

Zezi froze.

What in the sick humour was that?!

Silence fell for a slight second, the next thing Zezi heard was the scrapping of the chair against the floor and someome stumbling right out of the library with a speed too fast to be safe.

Did Oliver just run out of the library liked a scared rat?

Zezi almost laughed out loudly at that, but she stopped herself to instead sigh in relief. 

That could have gone down bad. 

She was certain she would have lost it if it had.

Her back rested even more against the bookshelf, while she pushed out her claws and retracted them, tracing the sharp edges playfully.

A book flip began again.

He was reading another book? Or the same book? It didn't really matter.

She couldn't keep this game up for long, she was already starting to get exhausted from how much of her strength she was using to hide her scent and she couldn't risk slipping away like she had snuck in the first place. What if he no longer had his back turned to the door? What if he was facing the door now? Even if he still had his back to the door, with the way she was tired, her break away might not be as smooth as her break in had been.

Ah. 

Could he just leave?

When did he even start using the library anyways?

What was he even reading?

How interesting was it?

More interesting than whatever Kingdom papers he had to attend to?

Her eyes lids fell shut, as she listened to the the flipping that sliced through the silence of the library. 

Well, seems she would just have to wait this out. 

The King's eyes skimmed over the pages for a thousandth time. Reading was not his thing, especially reading these kind of books. It never was and it wouldn't start today. 

It had been a long time since he lost his focus, expecting her to just grow tired of hiding and try to leave the library already. He had sensed her right from the time she had bolted into the library. It was surprising that he hadn't sensed it when she had been walking up the stairs. He always sensed her far before she even came anywhere close. 

Closing the book, his eyes passed over the title.

'How To Communicate Like A Gentle Man.'

He was certain this book would be as useless as the book he had read for their dinner but something in him couldn't help but try. 

After the full moon night he had been contemplating on what to do when he would met her again. 

He didn't want to push whatever they had too much that she would get overwhelmed and run away, that was even if she consider them to have 'something' to begin with. 

He remembered how he had come into his room to find her awake the next morning, his actions afterwards, were strange even for him, because not once did the action pass through his brain for thorough checking and confirmation like his actions used to, he seemed to have just acted out whatever crossed his mind without a second thought.

Never had he been so impulsive.

"How long do you intend to keep hiding, Zezi?" A small smile rised up his lips, as her name floated to his ears.

He loved saying it. The first time the name had rolled off his tongue, it had come to him naturally and with every passing moment, he sought for an opportunity to say it again.

Growing tired of this little game, he stood up and walked right to the library shelf she was hiding behind.

As he had suspected, she was there, her head resting awkwardly against the shelf, her brought up knees tucked between her hands that she had wrapped around them. 

His mate was asleep.

A slow smile played on his lips and a soft glint appeared in his eyes as he sank to his kneels next to her. 

She looked peaceful, at ease, without that fight that always bustled in her aura, without that look of pure hatred and struggle of sometimes else that always appeared in her eyes whenever she laid her gaze upon him. 

Falling asleep in the library while hiding, how childlike.

She reminded him of himself. He had once hidden in the library as a child to play a prank on his mother. She loved visiting the library a lot back then and he had waited for her to come to that particular shelf. He was silly, there were so many other shelves she could have gone to, yet for some reasons that he could no longer remember, he had been certain she would come to that particular one.

He had fallen asleep, waiting for her, and she had carried him back to the room.

The times he enjoyed the most in the castle, were times he had spent with his mother. She loved to read and would read stories to him. He was the only one she had and even if he didn't care about what the story was, he would listen anyways.

Sometimes, he would fall asleep half way through and whenever he found out, he would feel bad but his mother would wave it aside, saying she loved that he fell asleep to her voice. 

It was a sign of trust, she would say. There was no greater joy for a mother than for them to know that their child trust them and felt completely safe around them, she would add.

Ah, his mother.

Every part of the library held her memory in it and when she had died- when she had been killed- he avoided the library like a plague. 

It reminded him of way too much.

So much that it hurt. 

But nowadays, he found it easier to come here, his memories of her seem to make his happy instead of what it would always make her feel. It made him wonder why he distanced himself from a place of so much happy memories for so long. 

Zezi mumbled a jumble of unintelligible words in her sleep, breaking his train of thought, making him bring his attention back to her. With ease he lifted her up his arms, and headed out of the library.

He didn't race with speed, he took one step after another, savouring every second of this. Finally, he was at her door. It was locked but lucky for her, he had a key. 

Gently pushing the door shut behind, he headed to her bed and laid her on it. It was tempting thought to lower his head even further and press his lisp against her, so much temptation, it pulled at his well trained restrained. 

The more her scent poured into his lungs, the more driven by instincts he felt. 

He had to get out of there. 

Now.

He could hear the way her heart had picked up it's pace and the smile on his face grew.

That beating thing had always been a dead giveaway.

Like in the library, when Oliver had been taking about him taking Delice as his Queen. He would never take someone that wasn't his mate as his own, he had learn the detrimental effect of that from experience, but he had allowed Oliver to keep talking anyways, just to enjoy the way her heart raced with jealousy.

He could smell her anger when he had told Oliver to bend over. He has no plans of following through with it and he had already been sick of Oliver being a blabbermouth. Those two words had given him double rewards, getting rid of Oliver and giving him the knowledge of how Zezi felt in any sought of implication which involved him being with someone else and not just Delice.

He liked that she was jealous, it showed that she cared and until she could tell him this herself, he would hang on to the little details he could find.

She was his and one day, she would have no choice but to admit it. By his side, was where she belonged. He wouldn't have asked for a better Queen, she had the fire and from everything he had observed, she didn't mind the blood either.

Perfect.

With his hand that was curling and uncurling into a fist, he reached for the blanket that had been moved roughly to one side and began to pull it over her, but stopped when he felt her hand fist his robe and yank him down, her warm lips brushing lightly against his cold neck. 

His eyes widened with slight shock. He was the vampire here.

She clutched harder to his robe, burying her face totally into the croak of his neck. The sensation he felt made him shut his eyes momentarily as he fought harder to hang on to his restraint.

So damn difficult!

The next words that slipped past her lips did nothing to help his struggles.

"Stay with me, please."


###chapter 85 - Feelings Clash
He gulped, finding it almost impossible to move. Her breath fanned his neck, her breathing getting warmer the closer she pressed herself to him, clung to him like he was some sought of life source that she couldn't seem to be able to get herself away from, even if she tried. 

Ironic. He didn't even possess something of such vibrance.

A life. 

"Don't leave me, please." Her voice was breathy.

She was asleep, probably having a dream. 

Wait.

A dream.... about... him?

"Zezi." His voice sounded unusually shaky, foreign to his own ears. His frown deepened, the black zig zag lines filling his face, as his eye lids fell shut and he sucked her scent into his lungs. 

Lily and honey.

She always smelt so good, smelt even better now that the wolf's annoying mark had been gotten rid of. 

He detested it while it stood there, disfiguring her neck. He had never been able to breath her in while she had it on, the wolf's scent had always irritated him. 

But now?

Ah, by the Blood, there was nothing better.

He wanted her scent to fill his lungs and go through every part of his body, awake every single sense he didn't even know he had, just like it was doing now.

It was overwhelming but he loved it. 

He loved her, not because of the matebond. Whatever he felt for her now was much stronger than the first time he had laid his eyes on her. He was sure it wasn't just the matebond, he was in love. 

He didn't even know when it had happened. 

He wanted her, with every fiber of his being. How long would he have to stay away? This was killing him. 

The wet, salty smelling liquid that dropped on his neck, made him open his eyes, his eyebrows furrowed with concern.

"Zezi?" 

He tried to move away but she clung to him even tighter.

"Please... save me." Her voice was really low this time and whatever happiness he had before was fading fast.

She wasn't dreaming about him. She was having a nightmare.

Worry filled his lungs, threatening to choke him. 

What if he was in her nightmare? What if he was the terrifying being leaving her petrified.

He didn't want that.

"Help me." Her voice trailed off, her hold on his robes stronger than it was before, her claws had elongated and they were now scratching against his chest, drawing blood. 

His hold tightened around the blanket that had reached for earlier, the thought of the nightmare she must be having filling him with guilt. 

"Stay with me."

Her heart was racing wildly. He could hear it. Then it slowed down a little. She must be seeing something that brought her comfort now.

What a relief.

He hoped th--

"George."

The zig zag lines consumed his face, only barely allowing his brown skin to show in the background, any trace of white gone from his eyes, leaving an abyss of darkness in its wake.

Of course, she would dream of the wolf. He was nothing but a insane being wrapped in fur and held up with bones, yet it was him she chose to dream of.

The wolf over him.

He clenched his jaws, his claws already punching holes into the blanket from how tightly he had held it in his grip.

It was difficult to pull her away from him as gently as possible, the rage that crossed through his veins were consuming and his need to rip into beings and devour soul felt overpowering.

Finally he was able to laid her back, with stiff movement he wiped her tears and pulled the blanket over her before slamming the door shut, his force coming out more than he had expected. 

If he had woken her up though, he didn't wait to find out. Going down the stairs, he sped off to the dungeon instead.

It had been so long he had gotten into a fight.

Tonight, he would and it would be bloody.

___

Delice sat up in bed.

She had been trying to sleep since she had returned from the grave.

At first, she had stayed awake expecting for a guard or a maid to knock at her door and tell her that the King had requested for her presence to answer for her crime.

At that time, she had settled by her dressing chair and written her plea, signing it with her name, in hopes that the King might at least have mercy on her own with this. Although, Lady Zezi had said she had merely used her to get out, which Delice didn't believe one bit, she hoped that Lady Zezi might be truthful and open, and begged on her behalf tonight.

The King would listen to her. On a matter like this, her voice would be of more significance.

So, she had waited and waited, till the ink she used on the scroll had dried, then she had decided that maybe Lady Zezi had not being caught. Maybe she had gotten away with this one.

Well, that was good, she was lucky. 

After that Delice had gone to bed to sleep, only sleeping had been impossible.

She tossed and turned on the bed, and without a sound, tears streamed down her face as everything that had been happening in her life crashed over her again.

She couldn't tell why it was happening now, why she was remembering everything now, maybe because she had talked about it but whatever it was, it hurt.

The memories, that empty grave and that space in her heart that kept getting bigger and bigger. 

They all hurt. 

She turned in bed, her lips quivering as she pulled the pillow in her arms and wept. 

It was all too much for her to bear. 

For an hour, she stayed like that, weeping silently, till she fell asleep. 

But her sleep had only been just as terrible and she had woken up shortly after.

Defeated, she crawled out of bed.

Still in the gown that she had worn to the grave, she stepped out of her room and walked down the hallway, her steps slow, like she wasn't even moving.

Finally, she stopped at Laura's door. 

Her knuckles hit the door silently a couple of times before the door moved and a face popped in between. Laura's nose scrunched up at the smell that swept past it, and a shadow of a smile played over Delice's lips when she observed the look of disapproval.

Laura's hand tightened around the doorknob. 

This had better not be what she was thinking.

The next words that slipped pass Delice's lips, however, confirmed that it was indeed what she was thinking.

"I went to the grave."


###chapter 86 - Mind Games
Laura didn't say anything and Delice's clutch against her gown tightened. 

"I went there tonight." When she spoke this time, her smile had faded away, and the tears that had long gown empty in her eyes were starting to well up again, making them shimmer under the soft light of the hallway. 

"By the Blood, Delice. You shouldn't have done that."

She nodded, the words building up in her threatening to choke her. 

"I know." It was a whisper. Her shoulders hung low in defeat, her gaze fixed to the floor. "I'm so sorry, for this and for everything."

Laura's arms came around her, as she pulled her into the room, whispering back, "I forgive you."

The taller vampire pulled away from Delice to shut the door behind them and the scent of the herbs that was a constant in Laura's room rushed into her lungs, but Delice was too devasted tonight to think too much of it. 

She watched her friend as she retreated from the door.

"Why did you do it?"

Laura straightened up as if she had been called up against a crime and told to defend her stand.

"I did it for you." The words rolled off her tongue. "I always do it all for you." 

Delice blinked, looking everywhere else to avoid the tears from overcoming her again, but her gaze landed on Laura and her whole body shook with the tears that came pouring down right after.

"I'm so sorry." She recited the lines that were always readily hanging somewhere on her tongue.

Laura pulled her into an embrace again, patting her back gently, reminding her that she had been forgiven, not just for going to the grave, but for how she had reacted to knowing that she was with Oliver. 

Her unwarranted anger. 

Delice knew that what Laura was doing was wrong. She had known for a long time that Laura always had a wrong way of doing things, but she also believed that the person that needed to keep sacrificing whenever she took her usual wrong steps, was her.

Laura didn't have a mother, she had lost her early in life and she was trained differently to perceive things . Although Delice didn't have a mother too, she believed that the circumstances of their lose had made them turn out differently. 

Also, it was Laura's nature to go after things that she wanted, so if there was anyone that needed to make sacrifices continuously, it had to be her, that was what Mother's did anyways and Delice was filling in that role.

'Mummy' Delice wasn't the only one playing a needed role in their friendship, Laura was too. 

She was the Protector.

For a person as weak as Delice was, she needed someone strong to look out for her and that strong person, was Laura.

She couldn't risk losing her. If anything happened and she lost her, her life would fall into shambles. Laura was the pillar holding her life up and without it, she was nothing. The only way she knew how to live her life was with Laura in it, and she wouldn't risk having it otherwise. 

The last time she had tried to seperate from her, she had a child and before she could even really have it, she lost that child. If Laura hadn't found her that night, she might have become a past herself.

So, no matter how many things she was doing wrong, her presence was doing something right. 

Besides she knew Laura loved her, she only had a different way of showing it.

Their friendship was precious, worth every sacrifice that she had made and the ones that she would make in future.

Laura moved her out of her embrace, looking straight at her. 

"You look like a complete mess." She whispered, a shadow of a sad smile tugging up her lips. "One second without me and your life is already falling into shambles."

Delice bit her lips. She knew this was coming, Laura was right about that but hearing it always seemed to hurt ten times more.

The hand that cupped her cheeks were firm, as Laura stared her dead in the eyes. 

"Bad things always happen to you whenever you leave me, you know that."

The fact that she just had that whole thought process wasn't helping one bit, the grave flashing at the back of her mind, the name engraved on it. 

Her eyes stung as they welled up with tears again. Tears that Laura wiped away easily.

"Nothing good goes on in your life without me in it." She raised her head up, making her look back at her, her own eyes now welling up with tears and her voice cracking from how much the words shook her. 

Laura wasn't the one to always break down and cry but whenever she did, she always meant what she said.

"I protect you, you are weak, you need my protection and I give it to you everything I have because I love you." Her hands fell from her cheeks, holding and caressing Delice's shaky hands instead. 

"But you are just as important to me, Delice. You are like a mother to me. A mother and a friend in one, you are rare and I am lucky. So how dare you leave me? How do you expect I survive without you?"

Laura's tears were always cracking with snorts, just as it was doing right now.

Delice's hands moved away from her weak own and went around her instead, pulling her into an embrace, the fact that she was much taller, making it look awkward, but this was something they had done for so long, it didn't feel out of place. 

Instead, it was easy.

Just like that, the roles had fallen back into the right places and instinctively Delice was comforting her again.

"You were so cruel."

"I am so sorry, Laura."

"So mean by leaving me alone and not being happy for me." Laura's hands tightened around her while she brawled. "You hurt me so much."

"I'm sorry." Delice blinked but she couldn't see what was ahead, the tears in her eyes were just too much, they clouded her sight. "I'm so sorry, Laura. I won't do that again, I promise. I won't do that again."

Laura nodded. 

"I forgive you." She rested her chin on Delice's head. "I truly forgive you."

Again, the usual thing was at play. 

Delice begging for forgiveness and Laura granting it.

((Hello, readers! I'm writing a new book, "The Kings' Human. Please check my page @at_imagination on instagram or Author AT_Imagination on Facebook for more information. The book is in a competition and I will be needing all your support. Thank you.))



###chapter 87 - Powerful Pillar
"Oliver was flirting with me."

Laura's hands stilled around Delice's own, her grip on the wet towel a little tight before it loosened it and a scoff escaped her lips.

"Oliver would never flirt with you."

The sound of the dripping water into the bowl cut through the silence of the room. Laura pulled the small towel out of the bowl again, draining the liquid by squeezing it tight, the liquid dropping back into the bowl, before placing it on Delice's shoulder blade and pulling it down to her wrist, as she tried to wash away that disgusting grave scent away from her body. 

Laura had already told her to get rid of her gown because of the putrid lifeless aura that hung, not only to the sleeves of it but the whole gown in general.

The lifeless aura not being the type she liked. It left a bitter taste on her tongue.

Who in their right mind would go to a place as stinky as that?

Delice, of course. 

She wasn't in her right mind. 

But that didn't matter, Laura would be doomed if she had that awful scent stinking up the place, or ruin the good frangnace and essence of her herbs. So she had made Delice toss the gown into the furnace immediately she took it off. She hoped the fire would be hot enough to burn the vile out of it. Even after that, she would still need to get rid of the ashes, it was just a sought of contamination she couldn't risk allowing.

Now, Delice sitting on the dressing chair, naked and wrapped in a towel that Laura would make sure to get rid of after this, while Laura knelt down by her side, cleaning her with the small wet towel in her hand.

"But he was." Delice's voice was quiet, the cold water that hit her skin didn't do anything to her, the pain that was in her heart was still strong enough for her to feel numb from everythinylg else.

Laura chuckled, as she brushed the towel across her neck one last time.

"No." she scoffed again, a chuckle thrown into the mix. "You are just imagining things."Delice watched Laura as she rose up to her feet, her gaze intense and a twinkle of assurance in her eyes. 

Sacrifice. 

That voice in her head said as it always did, and she nodded lightly.

"Maybe." Needing to do something with her hands, she ran her fingers through her hair before tucking it behind her ear, as she blinked. The need to buttress her acknowledgment of defeat, pushed more words out of her mouth. "I was quite disoriented tonight, so I believe you are right."

Laura flashed her a fanged smile, as she always did anytime she was trying to control her nervousness. Then she headed towards the bathroom.

She must have been thinking about Oliver, worried that he had indeed done what she had earlier said he did, but her rainbow dressed up truth must have made her feel better. 

Sacrifice.

When Laura came back, she took a seat by her feet, playing with her extended claws while she laid them on her laps. Then her claws traced patterns on the surface of the white towel Delice had warpped around her. 

"Oliver makes me happy." The words came out of her mouth, standing out against the bubbling sound of the herbs in the background.

Somehow, each of those words seem to have manifested into daggers, slashing Delice at every spot.

Not because of who Oliver was, but because of Laura.

It all hurt because it was Laura. 

"I want to be with Oliver and I want you to be okay with it. Will you do that for me?" She craned her head up, staring straight at Delice whose face showed no sign of pain or anger.

It was calm and her lips were tugged up into that smile that her face seemed to have permanently fixed itself into.

There was no telling if she could change it even if she tried.

Delice nodded, her lips stretching into a smile.

"Yes, I will. Anything to make you happy."

She patted her head and Laura chuckled, resting her head back on her laps. 

"You are such a mummy." She teased and Delice chuckled lightly too, till their laughter died out and silence fell in between them, as they both got sucked into their trains of thoughts.

Oliver had been flirting with her. 

Delice couldn't tell a lie to save her life and the minute her lips had formed the first word of her sentence, Laura knew she only had the truth to say.

She believed her. 

Totally. 

Even far before she said it, Laura could sense it from a while away that he would do just that and more if given the chance. 

The thing was that, Oliver never got over Delice. 

All those years while she had given him everything and made him the Governor of the Left Province by selling his good side to her brother, all those times while she fought for him, all he had on his mind was Delice. 

Delice in the morning, Delice in the afternoon, Delice at night. 

Delice everytime!

He never said it but Laura wasn't on to be fooled, even when he looked at her sometimes, she knew he had tried to lie to himself that she was Delice. 

If he had known that going after her that night would lead to his separation from Delice, he would never had followed her command of going down on his knees and burying his face in-between her thighs.

She knew that, and that was why she had gone to him when she was certain that Delice would walk in on them.

It was for valid reasons, reasons being that Oliver didn't know what he wanted, and Delice could handle the kind of vampire Oliver was.

Oliver loved to be controlled, to be told what to do, to be dominated and Delice could do none of those. 

If there was anyone sacrificing their desires in this situation, for everyone to be happy, then it was her. 

It was Laura.

Besides it didn't matter who Oliver thought he was in love with, or who he thought he wanted, what mattered was who Oliver needed.

He needed her and she was sacrificing so much for him to have that. 

Sacrificing so much for the everyone.

Laura was the one fixing the puzzle.

She was the one putting everybody in their right places.

She was the one making sacrifices.

She was the one who deserved to be happy with whosoever she chose!

As for Delice, once again, Laura was the one painstakingly making the decisions for her, because she was far too weak to even attempt to make them for herself.

She was the pillar holding everyone on their feet, without her, all that would be left would be chaos.

((Hello, readers! I'm writing a new book, "The Kings' Human. Please check my page @at_imagination on instagram or Author AT_Imagination on Facebook for more information. The book is in a competition and I will be needing all your support. Thank you.))



###chapter 88 - Letters To Doom
Zezi's head was ringing bells by the time she woke up but that was what she got for falling asleep on the library cold, hard floor.

She sat up slowly, opening her eyes with the realization that she was, in fact, not in the library but in her room. Her lips pressed together in a line, as she ran her fingers through her black tangled hair. 

Someone had brought her here. 

The image of her grabbing someone in her flashed through her mind and her frown deepened, recognizing the rainy scent that had flooded her senses at that moment.

The King? 

The theories she had on her mind about his reason for being at the library last night, didn't allow her know precisely how to felt about his gentlemanly gesture. She would just have to figure that out when she runs into him deliberately today. Although she still hadn't been able to meet Akeem and his so called High Pillar yet, she had no intention to let that slow down her plan.

Her feet moved to the floor and she rose up from the bed all too quickly, that she had felt dizziness hit her head halfway through. Her eyelids fell shut as she tried to stable herself, her fingers rubbing tenderly against her forehead, and she remembered.

Her nightmare.

Instantly, she pried her eyes opened, a gasp slipping through her lips.

She had dreamt about the ambush in her home pack again, but that wasn't all, she had also had a nightmare that the King would do the same to the Capital and every werewolf pack that existed soon. In her dream, he had ambushed the Capital, turned their little Mira -who hadn't make it, slashed George into different pieces and littered his remains on the open field, while he made her watch. She had wept, a lot.

The hatred she felt for him intensified from the images that crossed through her mind, and somehow she felt that if she didn't move along with her plans already, her kind would soon meet it's extinct in his cruel hands. 

He would be like his father and history would repeat itself.

She had to do something before it does. 

There was a knock at the door, so she to answer it.

That reminded her that she had locked the door yesterday and the King must have found it locked too.

He must have a key to her room.

That knowledge didn't faze her, she already knew that but it still somehow managed to do something in her that she couldn't explain.

"Milady---" Gwen's voice stopped short as she rolled a trolley inside, she looked straight at Zezi's just woken state before a smile broke across her lips. "You look perfect, Milady."

"Uuugh. Don't you think it's too early for the lies, Gwen." Zezi groaned, rubbing her hands around her neck. She really shouldn't had fallen asleep on that library floor. 

She must look hideous.

The thought that he must have carried her by himself, in his arms, close to his body, gave her two contradictory feelings that she easy felt with anything connected to him.

An undeniable pleasure and complete rage. 

"Chicken noodle soup." Gwen laid the plates on the table and Zezi stopped dead in her tracks. "I've been dabbling into werewolf delicacies. Taste it, taste it, taste it! Tell me if I am getting close to being your worthy chef, Milady."

Zezi narrowed her eyes at her.

"What are you up to, Gwen?"

"I beg your pardon, milady?" She asked, fumbling with the hem of her grey apron, her lips threatening to break into a smile.

Zezi cocked her an eyebrow but the way she looked like a frustrated chicken that had its feathers everywhere, didn't help her look one bit serious.

"Chicken noodle soup, uhn?" She asked, staring down at her while Gwen stared right back, the stare continued for a while before Gwen finally broke the gaze, words tumbling out of her mouth right after. 

"Chicken noodle soup is a delicacy to help strengthen the womb. My Mistress should take it because it will give us strong heirs and with my Mistress having his Majesty's scent around her, has my hopes highly peaked." Her hands extended to the table, taking the plate and holding it in between them.

"Please, Milady, tell me you have a big appetite this morning."

"Because you cooked a lot?"

"Yes." Her voice sounded like a suppressed squeal, her smile blatant and not one bit shy.

Zezi nodded, taking the information in as she stepped back.

She was farmilar with chicken noodle soup. It was part of the methods she tried when she and George had at first wanted a child.

Nothing had worked.

Some people had said it just wasn't the right time, some said it was because they weren't mates, that fate was against their union. George had told her that she was more than enough and he was the happiest that they both had Mira. George could have a child, the tests showed that she was the one with the problem, but anytime anyone asked, George had always said he was the problem while he blamed his semen.

Poor thing.

Mira had been too young to understand anything, but her presence had been really helpful, also she never asked to have a younger sibling. As for her mum, Aunt Mira, she stood by her like an unshakable pillar.

When Zezi had finally given up, she had all the support she needed and from then on, she had never thought of being pregnant again.

Well, until now that Gwen was saying it. 

She should be mad at Gwen for what she was doing, but strangely, she wasn't. 

Her gaze landed on the plate that Gwen still held to her and she took it from her, putting it right back on the table.

"No, thank you. I don't want your King putting some blood sucking strangers in my belly."

Gwen frowned before she understood and crackled.

"But..."

"Gwen."

"Alright, Milady. My lips are now sealed on the matter."

"Thank you." She said, turning away as Gwen continued talking.

"You should meet my bats, Milady. You should see how lovely they are."

Zezi tsked.

Gwen was relentless.

"Thank you for the invite, I might consider it in future."

That was when it hit her. 

She had forgotten that she was supposed to keep her distance from Gwen so that it wouldn't affect her mission, by making her see the vampires in a different light. 

But was that really needed?

Did she really need to keep her distance and be cold to her?

Gwen had done nothing wrong, in fact, she might.... like her?

Her revenge should be focused on those who had done something to her, those who were powerful enough to make the big changes, those who deserved the big falls. 

Like the Royals.

The King especially.

His death would sooth her pain and her grievance. 

"Will you like to meet them today?"

"No, I'll be busy."

Zezi didn't spare her one more moment of chitchat. She went into the bathroom and came out minutes after, refreshed, then after some minutes, dressed. 

Thankfully, Gwen wasn't talking about her having kids again, she was cleaning the room.

It wasn't even rough but it seemed Gwen enjoyed picking up things and putting them right back with a little touch here and there.

Maybe it was something in her little routine book, that she had to check out. Zezi never said anything about it.

The plate of chicken noodle soup was no longer on the table, there was another meal there instead. 

Gwen was a sweetheart, if she kept on with this, being indifferent with her won't be so easy. 

Zezi had eaten halfway when Gwen's confused voice drawn her attention.

"Milady, are these yours?"

Zezi bit her tongue at what she saw.

There in Gwen's hands were envelopes and the letters that Akeem had sent to her. 

((Hello, readers! I'm writing a new book, "The Kings' Human. Please check my page @at_imagination on instagram or Author AT_Imagination on Facebook for more information. The book is in a competition and I will be needing all your support. Thank you.))


###chapter 89 - Cupid Movement
Her hand stilled around the fork and she looked at Gwen, while her brain went through different excuses like a quick unnaturally running clock. 

If none of them were to work, as Gwen was smart, then she would just have to get rid of her. Might even make the King get rid of her himself. 

Got to put that mate bond to the test and see how far it could really stretch. 

She really hoped she wouldn't have to though. If the reason he had been in the library was because he had been suspicious of her, the King didn't seem like the type to let things slide. 

Oh goodness, how did she find herself in this situation?

Just now that she admitted to liking Gwen, the Universe was already throwing her a sign that the two kinds could never coexist without chaos. 

Clear sign, Universe.

Too clear, in fact. 

"Should I get rid of them?" Gwen's voice came to her like she was speaking from a distance. It was hard for her to make out what her help was saying over all the scheming that was going on in her head. "They are all empty."

Empty.

Hmmm, empty. 

That sounded like a word she should know the meanin--- oh, did she just say empty?!

Zezi blinked, focusing on the paper. 

They were very much not empty. 

The words were clear and big, even someone without super sight could see that something was definitely on those papers.

Gwen's eyes brightened with an idea.

"Oh! You are using them for your frames. Can I have one, please can I have one?"

Zezi's frown deepened and she turned to her food, taking one forkful and shoving it into her mouth to calm herself. 

Could she really not see the writing on the paper? Or was she pretending? Gwen was a smart woman, no matter how teenager like she might seem sometimes, she was a mother and a vampire before anything, her primal instincts would be guiding her most times, plus being a mother was no easy task.

What if she had read what was on the paper, turned it to her to confirm that she had the knowledge, then now was playing pretend to get out of the situation so she could get to the King before her. What if she was thinking ahead of the plan that Zezi had in mind. 

Stupid. 

She shouldn't have gone stiff when she was confronted with the paper, she should have played it in off. 

Now she was trapped. 

"I'll draw my kids like that frame." She sat down, her aura pouring out a giddiness that was almost too hard to contain. She must have used her speed to make it to the seat because Zezi hadn't taken note of her move. It felt wierd for Gwen to be using her abilities, she didn't always do that. 

It made Zezi feel on edge and she struggled to suppress it, while she drank the cup of water in her hand. 

Almost as soon as she sat down, Gwen jumped to her feet.

"I shouldn't have done that." She said with a giddy smile, placing the paper on the table, while she looked down at her Mistress. "I should have asked before I did that. But can I sit?"

Zezi took her in for a moment, if she knew anything, she would certainly tell the King.

No matter how much she claimed that her loyalty remained to her, it was in the light of seeing her as future Queen and if she saw that they didn't have the same goal, with her actively trying to destroy that, well, things might change. 

Zezi had to ensure that they wouldn't.

She might even have to get her hands dirty in the process.

Good thing, she had never minded dirt.

She smiled, one that didn't reach the eyes. 

"Of course, you can sit."

Gwen sat down, and her smile dwindled. 

"Your were thinking of your family again. I shouldn't have said anything about the frame. I'm so sorry." She was standing up again but words rushed out of Zezi's lips. 

"No. It's fine."

"I heard your heart race when I showed you the paper and when I realize it was for the frames, I was too happy to stop."

Zezi extended her hand to Gwen. 

"Don't mind me."

"But I do, Milady. Your happiness is mine. Your sadness is mine and when I am the one that reminds you of your sadnesse, then my sadness tripples."

That was very convincing, but.

That was it. 

Zezi could still feel a but.

If this was real, she shouldn't feel a "but" at all.

"I'm glad you are warming up to us though." She bit her lips, like a child that had just said something she wasn't supposed to. "I know it is selfish, but your presence brings us so much happiness. We will treat you well, we promise."

"We?" Zezi folded her arms across her teasingly.

"There is group of supporters for you and the King, we are rooting for you Milady." Gwen nodded slowly, and the glint in her ears said she wouldn't say more. 

"Let me guess, and the leader of this group is, Gwen, my Lady maid."

"One and only. And my entire family is part of the movement."

Despite herself, Zezi found herself laughing. Her face flickered to the paper.

"Please, sit. Tell me what you are going to draw."

Gwen smiled, sitting down quickly.

"I'll draw my whole family. They are going to laugh when I show them."

Zezi's heart dropped at that. 

Family. 

It made her heart ache at how fast she had thought of killing someone, without thinking of how important that person was to other people. 

She had always thought of killing people quickly on the battle without all that, but this wasn't a battlefield unless Gwen makes it into one. So far, she wasn't sure of anything.

"Will they like it if 'we' drew them one."

Gwen sat back, looking straight at her, before her eyes went misty with tears and she nodded. 

"Yes. Very much, Milady." Her reply was quiet.

Zezi bit her lips, looking down at her food which she had monetarily forgotten. 

"I can draw one for your movement t--"

A chair scrapped against the floor and next, Gwen was laying down on the floor, crying.

"Gwen." Zezi stood up, startled by her actions.

Gwen's hands wrapped around Zezi's feet as she wept.

"I must have died and gone to heaven. My wishes are coming true."

Zezi's doubt increased about her knowledge and her act of pretense. Could she really be doing this?

"I'm still not letting your King--"

"Put strangers in you. I know, my Milady." Gwen looked up with a devilsihsb grin. "There will be no strangers involved."

What had possesesed her?

"I'm going to need more food, because the 'mighty' artistic spirit in me is going to need all the strength it can get."

"What about--" Gwen was quick to put a bowl of chicken noodle soup on the table, the vapour still dancing out from it.

As much as Zezi was curious as to how she had managed to keep it hot, she only scoffed and rolled her eyes at the implied option.

Not smooth, Gwen.

"Alright, not today then. A day in the future certainly. I have all the time, the movement is also very patient."

Once Gwen left, Zezi stood up, keeping the letters somewhere else and bringing out new papers instead.

She really hoped she wouldn't have to get rid of Gwen. 

She was sweet, and it would hurt her so much if she had to erase her from the story. 


###chapter 90 - Windows Of Truth
Zezi didn't know ease from morning till night. She had different worries filling up her mind. 

Worries about Gwen and most especially, worries about the King. 

Despite not still meeting Akeem and his so called High Pillar, Zezi had tried to still put her plan in motion, continued establishing the line of friendship that she was building between her and the King.  

She had searched and searched for him in all the non suspecting ways she could, but she didn't find him. At a point she had been even tempted to go up to his floor, but that would look too suspicious. It wasn't as if this was the Full Moon night when she could simply blame nature for her sudden uncontrollable intense desire to see him. 

So she had, instead, made her presence available in places that she had hoped he would be, places she was permitted to be in herself. 

He hadn't been there in any of those places.

Wow, he was being really deblibate with giving her space. 

Arrgh! That was the last thing she needed right now!

Finally, she had retreated into her room, flickering on the light switch, before locking the door behind her. 

Once she turned around, she realized locking that door was a mistake.

Or not.

"Akeem."

"Forgive me for how I have come to you. The library was quite invaded at the appointed hour and beyond it."

"I saw that."

Akeem nodded, folding his arms behind him and maintaining the distance in-between them. 

He was definitely the one sending all those letters and from the looks of it, he had always come into her room by himself to place it.

Although he looked a little tensed, like he was not in his element and he wished to get out of here. 

Maybe he was scared of her, knowing how unhinged she was or maybe he just hated the fact that he was in a confined space with a werewolf. 

He didn't seem like one to have a problem with her kind though.

But there had to be a reason. She would figure it out later.

"So, shall we?"

Zezi frowned. 

"Go to see your High Pillar?"

"Yes," he pushed for a while, as if deliberating on something. "Are you good at climbing, Zezi?"

"What trouble are we trying to run away from?"

He stared back at her with a blank face. 

"We will need to climb out of your window to see my High Pillar. I won't be able to do that if you have fallen several feet to the ground and you are nothing but smashed bones and lump of bleeding flesh. So, can you climb?"

Zezi's brows knitted together in a frown.

"Save that tone for your kid, Akeem."

"I don't have one."

"Give it to anyone else but me." She snarled into his face, tracing his face with her claws and marking it a little.

He hissed, taking a quick step back. A hand flying to his face to touch the blood that ran down his cheek, before looking up at her in horror. 

"I will be sure to remember that, Zezi."

He turned away, disappearing out of the window while Zezi disappeared after him. 

He led the way and surprisingly there were no guards on the ground searching for activities like that at that moment.

After a while, they slipped into someone else's window. 

The frangnace of the room bubbled into Zezi's nostrils, her hands patting her dress as she tried to adjust the wrinkles on her dress, her as hurting like hell.

It had been so long since she climbed. She was really slacking on her training. Earlier, while climbing, she had almost called Akeem for help but after designing his face with that little nip, she didn't think he would be too willing to help.

He won't have a choice but her pride wasn't willing to take that insult. 

"My High Pillar will be here soon, ple--"

The creaking of the door interrupted them as someone came into the room.

Zezi froze, wondering if the person she was looking at was the person she  should really be seeing.

Or maybe it was her sight developing problems. Maybe being in the cursed Vampire Kingdom was starting to affect her wolf.

The person stood by the door before the sound of Akeem falling on one knee took over the room.

That sounded kind of loud. 

Maybe her wolf was alright after all, or it could still just be her sight.

"My High Pillar." He bowed his head in respect.

"Akeem." She replied, flickering on the light. 

Zezi pressed her lips into a tight line against the smile the now discovered High Pillar was giving to her.

Her sight really wasn't tricking her after all.

"Lady Zezi."

Wow, wonders really would never end. 

"Lady Delice."

Akeem stood up at the signal of Lady Delice's hand. He walked up to her and stopped as if to whisper soemthing to her but she gave him another signal and he stepped out of the room.

Soon enough, the door was shut and they were the only ones in the room.

"High Pillar, uhn? I must admit, I suspected that you were dabbling into some thing but I had always guessed it was towards me, but the one you claimed to love so much? Now, that is a reach Lady Delice."

"I love his Majesty."

"You sure do." Zezi walked carefully, taking in the room. It was nothing extraordinary, just simple and comfy. "You have a weird way of showing it."

"I have my reasons and you won't understand. Will you like to sit?" She pulled out her dressing chair but Zezi folded her arms. 

For some reasons, she was angry. 

Maybe it was the bond. 

That silly thing was always dabbling anyways.

"Sounds like what every villain would say?"

"What is your reason for this, Lady Zezi?"

"I want revenge." She stated like she was tired of making her intentions known over and over again. "For everything your kind have done to mine, I want a pound of a nice royal flesh." 

Something flashed in her mind and a not so pleased smile crossed her lips at the anger that laced her voice. 

That anger didn't seem like the usual one she always felt. This anger was directed at Delice. 

Why was she so angry?!

"Are you the witch then?"

"No."

Zezi scoffed. "You still haven't answered me yet. Why are you trying to kill my mat--" she sucked in a deep breath, clenching her fist and digging her claws inside her palm. 

This pain should be able to distract her from the mate bond. 

"--the King."

Delice blinked, pushing the chair back into it's position while giving her bleeding fist a glance. 

She didn't like the blood, nor the fact that it was smearing her floor.

In a moment, she was thrusting a pink napkin into her hands, while she cleaned the blood off the floor, and just as quickly, she was back.

"He is losing himself, this is me saving him. The best way I can love his Majesty is to help this happen."

Zezi dabbed the cut in her palm with a raised eyebrow. It had already healed anyways and all the dabbing was doing now, was wiping the blood away.

The best way to love him was make this happen?!

Well, that statement might have just made it's way into the list of the most craziest things Zezi had ever heard. 

Reminding herself to be nonchalant towards this, Zezi maintained her act.

It sounded like Lady Delice had been manipulated and the person who had done that, had done a great job.

Despite her moral compass, she didn't seem to know that this wasn't how to love a person.

Actively planning a person's death wasn't how to love them!

That almost sounded like an attack to herself, her instant defense being that she didn't love him. 

But Lady Delice claimed that she did, so WHY WAS SHE DOING THIS?!

Woh!

She needed to calm down.

Damn this mate bond!

She had to be in control right now!

She couldn't let this mess her up.

"You are right, I don't understand. Your feelings must be strong and sincere." Zezi gave her an acknowledging gaze and Delice's eyes glimmered.

"My intentions are the most sincere, Lady Zezi." Her smile brightened, like she had complete faith and trust in the words she had just spoken. "I apologize for bringing this up, knowing that he is your mate."

Zezi waved it off, the napkin in her hand that was now smeared with blood moving front then back from the little action.

"Well, I didn't come here to discuss your feelings for the King. I came here to talk about the White Circle and the next step to take. I don't have all the time, you know."

"Yes, of course. There is something I have to--" There was a knock and the muffled voice that pushed through the door to the other side, didn't leave much room for guessing. 

"Open this door, Delice. I have news to share."

Laura.

Oh, no.


###chapter 91 - Trouble Before Dinner
Delice froze, looking at Zezi, seeming to communicate something with her through her eyes, before staggering to the door. 

Zezi frowned. 

What was she trying to communicate with the eye language? 

What a weird thing to do. They weren't even that close.

What a weird night. 

"It is Oliver-- why does this palce stink of fur creatur--" her voice trailed into a sharp hiss when he gaze landed on Zezi. "You."

"You." Zezi replied with a smug smile, watching her interlock her elbow with Delice. Something stirred in her to chase trouble, she enjoyed watching Laura fight as a result of her hatred towards the wolves and most especially her, coupled with her helplessness at the whole situation.

It was sought of therapeutic to know that someone else was going through as much misery.  

"What are you doing here?" She moved her elbow away from Delice and shot her a sharp disapproving look. "You opened your door to the fur creature?"

"She didn't." Zezi shrugged. "I jumped in through the window."

"That's impossible." Laura snapped. 

The wolf presence was increasingly getting on her nerves and the perceived closeness she might have with Delice was something she wasn't down for in the slightest.

Delice tried to take a step but Laura moved in front of her in a protective stance, facing Zezi squarely, her eyes observant as she watched her every movement.

The wolf might have just been here to harm Delice because she knew that Delice was better. Even a blind person could see that Delice was much better.

Creatures of all kinds didn't usually take lightly to competitors.

That was understandable and something inside Laura sparked at the thought of Zezi feeling threatened.

She should feel threatened, even more threatened when she was done. There was trouble coming for her.

"What are you doing here?"

"Nothing much. Just trying to steal your friend, with the same spell I used on your brother, seemingly that I have witchcraft at my fingers tips." Zezi captured air with her finger tips, imitating act of sprinkling nothing into the space.

Zezi didn't get her desired result from provoking Lady Laura, she got the opposite result instead. 

Laura flashed her a fanged smile, at her, turning to Delice with something more sweet.

"Come for dinner, a surprise is waiting for you." Then she turned back to Zezi. "Wolf, we should walk to the dinning hall together."

Zezi crossed her arms, not letting her disappointment show. 

This could be fun too.

"Remind me when we became best buddies, I might have hit my head and forgotten."

"I'm sure some pieces of paper will do well to gear your memory."

Zezi smiled. "No. Your desperation though is suspicious. Am I perhaps your dinner?"

Laura snarled as if she had just been insulted. 

"Not in a million years will I take that unworthy stinky blood of yours."

Zezi shrugged.

"Well, I don't survive on drinking blood of other creatures, so I'll take a rain check on this one."

"Don't worry, your puppy food will be on the table."

Zezi chuckled. "Oh Princess, you are not doing a very nice job to entice me into this dinner."

Delice's eyes planted to the floor, the tension in the air not something she liked.

Could this just be over already? She just hoped they wouldn't start fighting. Their last fight didn't yield a good result.

Princess. 

Laura couldn't even smile at her mention of that word. It had come out with so much vile that she couldn't even take pride in it.

"Are you just that poor in your negotiation skills?  Disappointing. Your brother must know this and that is why you are not truly a Princess but being put in a position that is no good for anything but sword and violence."

A growl rumbled through her chest. "How dare yo---"

"Dinner!" Delice was certain she had never shouted like that for anything before. At least not recently and not like this. "Dinner, dinner, dinner!" She clapped along it, her voice a little shaky from the sharp shift of gaze of the people in front of her.

They didn't give her a response so she pushed forward. 

"Well?" She gulped before an encouraging smile rushed up to her face. 

She really hoped they would just stop breathing down each other's neck. It looked like they would snap at any moment and she didn't want that.

Zezi took a retreated step back, her gaze fixed on Delice and the light relief that crossed her eyes when she saw that she was out to attack with a claws and fangs.

She looked like a completely innocent person, but Zezi knew better, even much better than she knew before the cause she was dedicated to.

Manipulated people were always the worse. They were so pitiful, yet so determined to their false mission. 

A pathetic sight.

"We should all go for dinner."

Her eyes flashed red for a second and Zezi marvelled in the sight. The aura of madness she had always felt from her had sipped our at that moment. 

She must be hun--thirsty.

Delice had the potential of getting rid of whatever pathetic thing she was right now, if only she could just tap into this madn---

Zezi's thoughts screeched to an halt. 

Of course, she had already tapped into the madness, that was why she was the High Pillar of a whole White Circle while being the King's royal Advisor at the same time. 

Wow.

She was actually impressive.

"I'm hungry." Zezi declared with excitement, following Lady Delice out.  The glare she got from Laura was enough to tell her that she hated this new found friendship between them.

Zezi wondered how she would look when she discovered that they were both planning to kill her precious brother. Not to talk of the fact that she was trying to play a match making Cupid with one of the leaders of the Killing Squad. 

Wow. 

Just wow. 

This castle was one interesting place to be in. 

They left the room and got to the dinning shortly after. 

Delice sat at the left and Zezi took a seat at the right. Leaving the head chair empty as they waited for the King. 

Zezi wasn't concerned about the food on the table, or anything, instead she was focused on planning what to do when the King arrives. This will be the first time she would see him after the full moon night. See him while she was awake at least. 

That was how she hadn't noticed that Laura was now standing next to her. 

"What, Princess?"

Laura whined, biting down the urge to tell her to stop referring her as that. 

"This chair is defective. You should move."

There was only one seat between where she was seated and the head chair. 

"And you will nicely switch it? Why? Because you suddenly love me?"

"A friend of Delice is a friend of mine."

Zezi didn't believe that but she would let it slide. 

She took the seat and Laura immediately slipped into the seat she had been sitting.

A trick!

A trick? 

But why?

"What was that---"

"Well, the chair doesn't seem defective anymore. I'll just remain here."

"What are you trying to---"

"Also, will you please give the King this when he comes in. I have a favor to ask my brother and I think it will be approved if you did it for me."

"Are you begging for a favor, Princess?" Zezi cocked an eyebrow at her and Delice seemed even more confused. 

"Here. Give it to him." Laura pushed the letter into her hands and Zezi's fingers stilled around the thin piece of paper at the words that were written boldly on it. 

This was one of Akeem's letter. 

How did she get her hands on it?

It didn't think too long. The answer came to her. 

Gwen.


___

Hello, dear readers. I am writing a new book and I hope you will support it. Title - The Kings' Human. If you want to know more about it, please check my page - @at_imagination on instagram. Thank you.

###chapter 92 - Invitations
"Or maybe not." 

The paper got snapped out of her hand and Zezi had to force herself not to offer Laura a dirty look. Instead, she settled deeper into the chair, a light smile dancing on her lips, as her gaze fixed on the ceiling and the beautiful paintings carved upon it, paintings that her mind was too crowed with thoughts to appreciate. 

"Whatever. What are we having for dinner?"

"Something sufficient and rich." Laura answered, something gleaming in her voice. 

Zezi bit the inside of her cheek, as much as she was sure she hadn't given herself away, it seemed Laura was pretty confident about the whole paper situation.

How could she even see what was written on it? Wasn't it supposed to be visible to only her, Akeem or probably members of the White Circle. 

Gwen had lied then.

Ah. 

Gwen was really good. 

If she survived tonight, she would ensure to get rid of her. 

Would it be sad? Most definitely. 

Would it be necessary? Absolutely.

"I think she means specifically." Delice's voice was quiet and Zezi couldn't help but give her a quick glance. She was a vampire so had certainly seen the paper Laura had given to her. Her face was too passive though, calm as usual with an aura of life hanging around her. 

It was difficult to read what state of mind the Vampire was in.

Afraid?

Confident?

Felling trapped?

Nothing.

Just calm, usual, sweet Delice.

"Well, I meant that specifically too." Laura snapped, darting her eyes to the head chair. "I wonder what is taking my brother so long. He has a real surprise in for him. You all have a real surprise in for you."

Training one's heart on how to react was something a warrior did, especially when knowing that there were other supernatural creatures around. Zezi had been an expert in that line so far but something about the whole situation made her heart drop. She wasn't the only one affected this time though, even Delice had given the napkin a little squeeze, her claws nipping slightly into the edge. 

Did Laura know that in her spite for her, she was about to doom her friend too?

Despite how mad she was at Gwen and how caught up Zezi felt in the whole situation, there was still something about it all that her twisted side found hilarious. 

A giggle bubbled from her throat and she casted Laura a sly glance. 

"I honestly can't wait."

Delice cleared her throat. "I'm hungry. They should be serving already. Should I check on the kitchen?" Delice asked, already standing up. 

It must feel pressurizing for her, she probably needed the space and the air. Her friend was about to discover just how crazy she was and Zezi just had a feeling, explaining that she was doin it out of love wouldn't go down well.

Zezi knew her fate wouldn't be any better but still, why couldn't just stop smiling, her veins were pulsing with excitement and her grin widened even more.

What was wrong with her?!

She should be terrified. 

She might lose her head any moment, she shouldn't be excited about any of this! Had she hit her head during the climbing?! Had she lost her mind?!

"Do that. I'll go get my brother."

"Do you you want me to come with you, Princess?"

"Oh no." Laura gave a high pitched short chuckle. Who did she think she was fooling by acting all calm and unbothered. She was done for and she knew it. "You will be needing all your strength for what will come for you next."

"Promises, promises." Zezi said to her in a sing song, arching her eyebrow and titling her head along with each word before relaxing back into her chair, and shutting her eyes brifely while she listened to the departing footsteps. 

She normally wouldn't be able to hear them but maybe spending time around the BloodSuckers for as long as she had was making her better at these things. 

Ah, Laura. 

Annoying Laura. 

Fucking bitch, Laura. 

****

The stench of Father's monsters could be sensed, miles before the center of the disaster. It was gross, it was consuming, a totality of death that Laura detested.

Hated it even more than the stench of death that Delice had brought to her room last night when she had wept and Laura had been left with no choice but to clean her up.

Her knuckles came against the door but the next minute she swung them to hit the wood, it pulled open and her hand froze in the air.

She was right. 

Her brother had gone to the den.

From head to toe, he was bathed in blood and that stinky green vile, like had had been dipped in it. It reminded her of the night when had had faced their father and his unnatural army. 

That night his blood had been in the mix of the mess, tonight though, his blood wasn't.

She wondered why he had gone to the den, he hadn't been so mad like that in a while. 

"You may shut the door behind you or in front of you." His voice cut through the dim light in his room and she stepped in, a shiver of fear running down her spine.

He wasn't in the best of mood and if not for the news she had for him, she would leave. Had he even had the chance to check the invitation request she had sent to his room?

"Brother." She ran her hand over the two cornrows that Oliver had take the pain to weave her hair into, while she pushed the door shut. Her hair was way too silky though and from the feel of it, the cornrows would be tumbling loose anytime soon. 

Where was Oliver anyways?

Tonight was about them... and someone else.

Laura's eyes darted to the table where her invitation request was still laying, untouched. Then she gave his room a quick scrutinizing glance, observing the colour blend and how bright he had tried to make it. 

As much as Laura loved her brother, some of his attempts were pathetic. Like his search for light when he himself wasn't anything close to it. His problem was in him embracing who he was, what he was. 

If she had his abilities, she would never hide it. She would wear it around her neck for all to see, flaunt it around like the necklace and many jewelries she always adorned herself with.

He was way too humble for his own good.

"What do you want?"

"You at dinner, your Majesty."

He huffed a sigh, turning his angry eyes at her and she instantly shrunk into herself. 

"No. Get out."

"Zezi is there." The words blurted out of her mouth and she gulped, adding in a rush. "She is waiting for you."


###chapter 93 - Kitchen Candy
That name burned her tongue. 

It hurt to refer to the wolf like she was a being deserving of been appraised as someone with quality but Laura was ready to do anything to get her brother to go to the dinner. Even if that anything would mean calling the wolf low life by her name, instead of all the other derogatory terms that lived rent free in her head.

She would do all that and more.

Her brother took a step forward, and her heart raced with fear, his anger rolling from him in waves, rushing into her lungs and threatening to choke her.

"We all are."

Laura pushed back again her fear and look up right at him but it was only a moment, before she was looking pass his shoulder instead.

That was what she always did. 

She never looked at him, he was too fearful to be looked upon but she had always managed to keep her head straight while her eyes pass over his shoulders. 

"Besides, I have an announcement, a surprise. Two surprises."

He turned away, picking up a towel and wiping it over the green vile before tossing it to the floor.

That was unusual, he hated that green vile and he probably didn't mind it only because he was way too angry to care right now. 

The thought that what was getting him mad right now could be the wolf made her heart rejoice, but the more time she spent without an answer from him, the more she got stressed out.

He was in dangerous mode, she really hoped that he wouldn't turn on her and start trying to seize her soul. He wouldn't actually seize it but just tugging at it was painful enough. She still hadn't healed from last time. 

"Brother, pleaseeeee."

"You are not a whining child, quit it." His voice didn't hold as much anger as before, and she bit down a smile. 

It would be way too early to rejoice.

The fact that she had said Zezi was amongst those waiting might have helped her. 

Ah. 

How could one being give two different emotions to one person?

Laura couldn't wait till she would finally be able to get rid of her. 

"So, shall we?"

He gave her a tired sigh, like one would do to a pestering child while being won over by that child's pestering demand. 

Laura always looked to him, like a kid. Like she didn't grow a day older since the responsibility of taking care of her had fallen on his shoulders, that had been way before their parents' death.

To him, she would always remain someone that he needed to be protected. If he could have it his way, he wouldn't even have her leading his army, he would have her protected somewhere. But from experience, he knew that was a terrible tactic. 

She was precious to him, his baby sister and the only one that could annoy the hell out of him in this matter.

"Fine. I will be joining you shortly. Happy now?"

With a suppressed giggle, she nodded, exiting the room and closing the door shut behind her. 

The King turned back to the mirror, only to see the green  horror that he was. His face filled with grimace, the stench seem to suddenly hit the roof of his nose, filling the base of his tongue with bitterness.

Yuck!

He needed to get this off!

***

Oliver had rushed into the dinning hall, with a goofy smile that seem like it would split his face apart and an apology at the tip of his tongue for coming late. When he realized that Last Zezi was the only one at the table, his goofy smile had tugged up into a flirty smirk.

He had thrown a wink her way, well almost, halfway he had suddenly stiffened and went for a bow instead. While he switched from all these formed of greetings, Zezi's attention was on his braided beards.

It never ceased to amuse her. 

"Lady Zezi."

"Sir Oliver." He settled into the reasonably farthest seat away from her.

Zezi stiffled a giggle, remembering his encouter with the King, an encouter he most certainly didn't know she had been an audience to. 

"You must be hungry." He declared in a carefree tone. Then the next thing, the chair was pushing back again while his eyes glinted with an idea. "I will ensure that the Cook brings in your favorite."

Before Zezi could protest, he was gone.

The thought of being served blood steak irked her and she would have stood up to ensure that wouldn't be happening if she hadn't had bigger fish to fry. 

The letter.

Laura definitely wanted to show it to the King and if everyone could see it, then they were in trouble. 

Shortly after Laura had left, Zezi had gone to the kitchen to seek Delice opinion on what was on ground, but she had little to say, telling her they should only hope on luck.

What rubbish. 

What was luck without tactic?

One couldn't just base their survival on luck. There needed to be more, more of something that at least had a better measure of assurance to back it up. But Delice seem like she wasn't searching for anything and Zezi had been left with no choice but to return to the dinning table, while she deliberated on what next to do.

She had always been better alone anyways.

Few moments after Oliver had disappeared into the Kitchen, Zezi could hear muffled voices, catch some of the words they said no matter how hushed they tried to make it.

"...I love you. It's always been you." Oliver's voice wasn't as goofy as always, instead it sounded like a desperate plead.

"You cheated... my best friend."

"Only I.... Suffer... Why?"

"She is my best friend! You are the problem and so... I must cut you off for---" there was a rustle. "Let me go."

"Let me taste you. Please, just this once. I've been starving without you."

"Oli--"

"My sweet Bun, just a flick, I promise."

Zezi's hands clenched into fists. 

That bastard!

---

Hello, dear readers. I am writing a new book and I hope you will support it. Title - The Kings' Human. If you want to know more about it, please check my page - @at_imagination on instagram. Thank you.


###chapter 94 - Memorable Markings
She sprung up on her feet but the next thing she heard made her stop and smirk. 

"You just kicked my balls. What is wrong with you, sweet Bun?"

The next thing Zezi saw was Delice rushing out of the kitchen, her eyes a little sharp and calculative before they took on their usual saintly aura and she settled into her seat. 

Oliver came in next, a smile plastered on his face but before he could make it to his seat, Laura had come into the dining room.

"Oli baby!" She pulled him into an embrace,  then let him go while talking about how she had missed him even if they had barely been apart for a day. 

When they headed back to his seat, Laura noticed a little limp in his footsteps while she pushed her own chair backwards.

"Are you alright, Olibaby? You are limping."

"Yeah, I-hen, ran into a cabinet."

"Must have been an awkward moment for the cabinet." Zezi chuckled, settling into her seat as an awkward moment set in.

"I assume your brother won't be making it, Princess." The anger that grew in Laura anytime Zezi regarded her as that in the tone she did wasn't something that went unnoticed by Zezi. In fact, the reason why she kept on saying it was because of the anger that shone in her eyes anytime she did. It was just so interesting to see all the ways that she could be powerless against her. 

"Shall we have dinner then?"

Everyone's eyes darted to the door for a moment before it moved back to the table. 

"Well---" Laura started to say before the opening of the door interrupted her and a blinding grin crossed her lips. "Brother, finally!"

The loud thundering of her heart filled her ears as the first rain aura engulfed her nostrils.

Zezi didn't have to look, she knew that the vampire standing at that door was her ma--the King, still, her gaze travelled to the doorway with a sought of speed she couldn't comprehend.

It could just be the air that ceased or maybe he was the one who had swept it right out of her lungs with his presence. Whichever way, time seem to have gone still as her eyes travelled down his body.

He wasn't dressed as formally as he usually would be, instead he looked a little rough, had on a loose white shirt with the first two buttons undone, his sleeves rolled up coupled with black pants. His hair looked a little wet, some falling over his forehead, sneaking out of the bun he had tied them into. His crown was tipped to a side, it looked lazy but his face was hard and the coldness in his eyes almost made her flinch.

He was a glory she would always be unprepared to behold.

Damn this mate bond.

With how much she was screaming at herself to look away, she did not. Not even when he had taken his seat at the head table, right next to her, and her gaze remained ever obvious.

Maybe it was because she hadn't seen him in a while that she didn't have enough reins on her emotions as she used to, maybe she had... miss him?

He didn't spare her a glance though, not even when he replied to everyone with an apology for being late as they greeted him. 

Somehow, it bothered her but that wasn't the only thing that bothered her, there was a 'death' aura he had around him that wasn't usually there. He looked frustrated too, tired, in fact.

Why?

Also what was that small green stain on his cheek?

It shouldn't be there, she didn't like it. 

Without thinking, her fingers reached for him, skimming over the stain and wiping it off. 

That was when her brain started working again, the moment her warm fingers touched his cold skin. She froze, her breath hitched at the electricity that spot through her veins.

And there was the gaze that held her, those dark eyes that held her immobile, that smoldering gaze that held a glint of anger beneath making something shudder within her. 

With a quick jerk, she pulled away.

"Sorry."

Her neck felt hot, her cheeks next. 

Why had she done that?

That was so embarrassing and uncalled for.

What was wrong with her?

She wanted to easily blame the mate bond for all these, there was no other explanation for it anyways, she certainly wasn't falling for the King. 

Not in this life, not in the next. 

So, as usual, she blamed the mate bond. 

Once she was done with this mission, she wouldn't have to deal with all this anymore. It would all be over. If she died while trying, even better.

The cooks brought in the food, for all of them, filling goblets with blood next, then hers with red wine.

Zezi took one look at her plate and her stomach knotted with disgust. 

Great. 

A big raw steak with blood dancing around the plate.

She looked to her side to send Oliver a death glare but Laura was in the way, since she was sitting in-between them. 

The next sound she heard brought her attention back to table. The King had swapped her food with his. Raising his goblet to his lips, he rested into his chair.

In polite gratitude, she looked up at him to say thank you, but he wasn't looking at her. In fact, at this point it seemed he was intentionally avoiding her gazes for some reasons. 

Uh! She explained in a scoff in her head. 

What nonsense!

Not like she minded because she really didn't care about him, but if she wanted her plans to work, they must at least be on good terms. 

What could be wrong?

What was it with the attitude?

Her stomach growled a little and she could feel gazes on her. 

Of course, they heard that.

She started eating and as much as dinner had brought joy to her taste buds and her stomach, Laura ensured to destroy all that soon enough.

"I have an announcement." Her voice sounded breathy with excitement and as usual, high pitched. 

"Oliver and I," her hands grasped around his wrist, pulling him up to his feet along with her. "We are officially mates."

She squealed, looking around the table.

Wow, they marked each other. No wonder, Laura smell had seem a bit off earlier. So after marking another, Oliver still did that nonsense in the kitchen. 

Well, that was a mess.

"Congratulations." Lady Delice was the first one, her voice the most sincere. 

Zezi looked straight at Oliver and he chuckled with pride, playing with his beard. "My Raaa Queen is everything to me."

"Congratulations," she said.

"Thank you." He moved his hand over Laura's hand so that she was no longer grabbing his wrist anymore but they were holding each others hands.

"When will you like your Joining Ceremony to take place?"

His voice. 

How long exactly had it been that she had heard it. 

Why did it feel like she had missed it so much?

So much that her eyes threatened to water.

Get a hold of yourself, Zezi.

"Soon. In a week?"

"Congratulations. It shall be memorable." He was standing up and Zezi frowned.

Already?!

Was Leaving already?

"Brother wait." She went to him, and he wiped away blood from the corner of her lips. She smiled, pressing a piece of paper into his hand. 

"How about we let the memory begin tonight?"


###chapter 95 - Letters In The Letter
Zezi's eyes widened as she watched the piece of paper slip into the King's hand. 

"What is this?" It almost felt like the question was directed at her but it wasn't.

"I know that you think I hate the fur creatur--" Laura's voice was cut off with a growl from the King. 

The hall fell into silence again as Laura gritted her teeth at her mistake 

Of course, the King wouldn't take it lightly that his mate be given funny condescending names. Good thing she was about to destroy all the goodness he would ever see in her. After this, she would be ruined and she would finally be able to call that despicable thing all the dirty names in the world and he wouldn't have a say against it. In fact, he might even fancy one of the names and refer to her by it.

In past tense too, hopefully.

"I know you think I hate Lady Zezi, but Brother, she has been planning with some traitors on how to get rid of you and take over the kingdom. This paper proves it all."

The silence was defeaning.

Not for Zezi though, it was filled with the noise of her heart pounding loudly in her chest, her gaze fixed on her wine goblet while her fingers  hand curled around it. 

It just felt dangerous to be so idle at such a time.

If the King was looking at her right now, she wouldn't know. Since he had stepped into the dinning hall, it somehow always felt like his gaze was on her.

Ah. 

If she survived this, Gwen certainly wouldn't. Zezi would make sure of that. It puzzled her though, how she had acted like she couldn't read the letter and then went ahead to snitch to the princess. 

How despicable.

Her act had been a very convincing one too.

She was foolish, letting her guard down around a blood sucking creature. They were all the same, she should have done something to ensure she wouldn't have left her room with her soul. 

What Zezi would have done to prevent this ever happening, she didn't know but still...

Ah. She would definitely not make it out of this alive. He will realize she couldn't be changed and if he didn't kill her after this, then he would change... for worse.

This was a mess.

"An accusation of such gravity should not rest it's weight on an empty sheet of paper. Please tell me, dear sister, that you have more."

Empty? Did he just say empty?!

Well, that was... puzzling. 

"Emp--no." Laura snapped the piece of paper away from him, ripping it in half as she checked through it. "It isn't! Goodness, she is a witch. She has done something to you." She paused, checking through the letter again. "Believe me, if it was empty the fur creature would have said something by now."

Another pause. 

Zezi felt heat breeze over her slightly. Laura must be sending her a death glare. 

Well, this was a complicated situation that even she didn't understand. 

How was it that he couldn't read the letter and Laura could? She would have to ask Lady Delice after this, some time that wouldn't be suspicious.

"The bitch knows that I got her and that is why she is so fucking sil--"

"Silence!" The walls shook and the chandeliers above clattered as they vibrated, even the goblet in Zezi's hand, trembled. "One more word and you will spend the rest of your long immortal life in the dungeon!"

It only took a momet before he started talking again and when he did, his voice did not come across as a thunder like it had done before but beneath that calm voice certainly laid a storm. 

"I am sick of this. Zezi is my mate and she will be your Queen whether you like it or not. I demand that you respect her."

From the reflection against her goblet, Zezi caught a flash of emotion in Lady Delice's eyes at the word Queen. 

It must be hard to love and not be loved in return, painful too not to know the best way to love because of the lack of reciprocation. 

Zezi was sure she didn't want to be in Lady Delice's shoes.

With large strides, the King got to the door.

"Also, quit the sabotage. One one silly stunt and I will ensure that the only light you will ever see after that will be the torch hung to the distance wall of your dungeon. Consider it mercy, dear sister."

Slam!

"You --" Laura was advancing towards her but it happened so quickly, Oliver was standing in front of her, holding her hand that was now raised in the air. It must be causing a strain on his toes to have to stand on them like that.

He was muttering something to her, probably something to her to calm her down. 

Zezi was too nervous to know if it was working but before the enemy, she had to hide her real emotions.

"That made my heart skip a beat." Zezi chuckled, her gaze landing on Lady Delice who seemed the calmest she would ever be, although the slight jittering of her pinky around her goblet betrayed her slightly.

She must have been scared to death. 

"Well, cheers to that. I hope you will give this a break now, Princess. As much as you annoy me, I would hate to not have the honour of your presence. You know, it will be so lonely without you." Then she emptied the goblet, bottoms up before slamming it against the table. That loud slam hadn't been intended, but the fear that was running through her veins in waves leading her to put on more force into actions than necessary. "Ah. Good wine and Goodnight." 

Quickly, she left the hall, praying that her legs wouldn't give way underneath her. 

She was alive! Thank the Moon, she survived that!

Ah.

Many times she had said she wanted to kill the King and even once she had even tried, still something felt off about this one.

Felt real.

Felt scary. 

The thought of being caught wasn't so pleasant, not because he f the consequences like her losing her life but because suddenly it last felt that killing the King wasn't something she should be involved with.

A chuckle bubbled in her head. 

Almost. 

The mate bond was really at work, before it would consume her, she had better be done with her mission here.

Almost, about Gwen, she had better start finding a way to get rid of her for good. As much as this hurt because of the thought of Gwen's family losing her, Zezi had to force herself to look at this from the perspective of a War General.

Some sacrifices just had to be made and Gwen would just have to be one of them. 

Finally, Zezi was at the door of her room. Pressing down the doorknob she realized something, the keys were inside. 

A sigh of frustration slipped past her lips.

The door was locked and the keys are inside the room.

Well, it seemed like she would have to pay Mr Grumpy a visit?

Or she might just sleep outside in the hallway?

In a flash, Zezi found herself heading upstairs to his room. 

She wasn't doing this because she wanted to see him, or anything like that. She was just doing this because it was necessary. 

Besides, she still hadn't thanked him for standing up for her yet. 

She would need them to be friends for her plan to work and that would be a nice place to start.

So this was all a mission and her feelings are not involved in the very least. 

Exactly.


###chapter 96 - Guest In The Room
Luck seemed to be on Zezi's side because the King was just about to shut the door when she had appeared at the end of the hallway.

"Your Majesty." She called out, despite not screaming her lungs out she knew that he had heard her and the way his back stiffened and the door stilled midway, showed that he indeed had.

She stopped in her tracks, when she was only a few steps away from him, her heart racing once again from the smell of the rain that flooded into her nostrils, a sharp twist of grimace shifted into her features as the smell of death that she had caught up on earlier disturbed her breath. 

This wasn't his, although it was coming from his room.

What was it?

What kind of creature possessed this kind of foul stench? 

"What do you want?"

Had he been in a fight with the creature? Had he been attacked, perhaps?

Her heart twisted at the thought and she tried to assess him as much as possible from his turned back to see if he was alright. 

"What. Do. You. Want?" He turned slightly to her, offering her something that was barely a side glance. 

She giggled nervously, rubbing her hands together. 

Something felt strange. 

Something had always felt strange in-between them because of the situation they had been put in by fate and her unacceptance of the whole thing but this strange feeling was different. 

She didn't particularly like this one. Not like she had ever liked any strange feeling that came with him--- wait, what was she doing?!

"I want plenty things but first, let's start with a key. I can't explain how I have suddenly lost my keys, but I need you to give me the spare one with you. I know you have it, so can you just hand it over?"

She stretched out her hand to him, moving her fingers impatiently as she waited. 

"Goodnight, Zezi."

Slam.

What?!

Zezi blinked.

Did he just leave her here, like this, without giving her the keys that she had requesting for?

Wait!

Did he just slam the door in her face?!

No way.

He didn't.

But the empty space in front of her confirmed otherwise.

He had in fact slammed the door in her face and completely ignored her request. 

What was wrong with him tonight?!

Taken aback, Zezi went back to her room and she slid to the side of the door, hugging her kneels while she wondered if attempting to break the door down would be wise, just after she had tried and failed to pick the lock.

These doors were made differently, she would just have to study them so that if something like this should repeat itself, she wouldn't have to go that grumpy vampire for help. Besides, there shouldn't be a lock that she wouldn't be able to pick.

That would be a stain to her War General's clean record.

"Lady Zezi, you seem to be having a problem with your lock. Mind passing the night in my room instead?" Lady Delice was in front of her, offering her a way out with a smile. 

Somehow, Zezi found herself smiling too. 

How was she always there in moments like this? It almost felt like a blessing, one she couldn't keep denying.

"Well I--"

"You little piece of shit!" Lady Laura appeared from the stairway and made her way to them, but Oliver blocked her path, trying to calm her down with his goofiness. It was a difficult thing not to laugh at the sight.

"You will pay for the wedge you have driven between my brother and I, you stupid fur bitch!"

"Laura." Lady Delice said silently, rushing over to her side. "I thought you said you came here to apologize. We talked about this, remember?"

"Apologize? Never." She gritted through her lips before turning away. "Coming?"

"You can go ahead, I have something to discuss with Lady Zezi."

"Then give me the key."

"Why do you need my keys."

"I am sleeping in your room."

"Why--"

"Because your friend is sad and you need to take care of her as her little mummy."

"And I have to sleep by my Mate's side tonight." Oliver chipped in. 

So what? Two of them planned to share Lady Delice's room with her? Despite knowing the two of them knowing of Oliver's past with Lady Delice? 

Had shame become non-existent? Simple reasoning too?

What kind of friendship was this?

"Or were you planning to offer the Fur crea--her our space." She said with grimace, her eyes screaming the question "Are you going to pick her over me?" 

Zezi scoffed.

She wondered how many manipulative tactic this spiteful creature had up sleeves.

"Have the keys." Lady Delice finally broke the silence. "Go ahead. I will be there soon."

They left but before they disappeared, Zezi caught a glimpse of Oliver sending a wink to Delice, one that even the ever polite Delice had responded to with a grimace. 

"So, a threesome, I see."

"This joke at my expense is cruel." Lady Delice replied but a smile danced at the corners of her lips as she turned her attention to Zezi. "I am sorry that I can no longer offer my room."

"It is fine. I understand. Shall we go and chase then our for you?"

Delice giggled. "I will just let them have it tonight. I will sleep in the library."

"Friends shouldn't inconvenience each other unnessarily like that. You know that, right, Lady Delice?"

She shrugged, smiling.

"Our friendship is different. We are not like others." Before Zezi would have an opportunity to say more, Lady Delice bowed lightly. 

"Goodnight, Lady Zezi."

She took a couple of steps upstairs, to the library, then stopped. 

"Or you may join me, if you want. I will really appreciate your company."

That sounded nice, lovely in fact. 

It sounded like a chance to get jolly with the enemy.

Zezi mustn't forget herself. No matter how hard the line she drew was trying to erase itself, she must keep drawing it over and over again.

Lady Delice might be nice to her but she still was a vampire. 

They all were. 

Werewolves and vampires weren't friends. 

"I think I will be just fine here. Thank you and goodnight, Lady Delice."

The floor was hard, and soon enough, her door didn't feel so comfortable to rest on. 

It was hard not to think of home when one was alone. The thoughts of the pack and the wellbeing of her family members crossed her mind.

She missed her daughter the most.

Her sweet Mira. 

She hoped she was doing alright and not getting sick as she used to. She hoped that she was having more friends and her absense wasn't weighing down her spirit.

She hoped that her daughter was happy. 

Tears welled up in her eyes as she remembered the nightmare her daughter had the night the Alpha had sent George to give her the pass. 

Although she hadn't attached much importance to it back then, she had tried as much as possible to stay.

Fate, sometimes, was just inevitable.

She hoped George wasn't cooked up in his room with depression, she hoped he was doing his duty, she even hoped that he had already found a mate.  It would be better for him if the had, better for him and Mira.

Then there was Aunt Alice, she--

The clicking of something snapped her out of her thoughts and she was shocked to find the King by the door. She staggered to her feet, feeling stupid to have been so lost in her thoughts to the point that she had been rendered vulnerable for that short moment.

"You Majesty. What are yo---?"

"You said you needed my spare key."

That voice was so cold, it felt like ice against her ears.

"Yes, thank you."

The door creaked slightly as she pushed it open and stepped in. She expected him to leave afterwards but he didn't. 

Instead he slipped into the room, right after her, shutting the door firmly behind him. 

Wait, what?


###chapter 97 - Scented Candles and Feelings
When the King moved towards her drawers, Zezi's heart jumped with panic then she relaxed when she remembered that she had kept the letters somewhere else. 

His presence was suspicious, she wondered if he had come here to confirm the fact about the letters, find more evidence that could actually stand against her, or had he, despite his demeanour earlier, trusted his sister's claim against her?

From where she was standing a little distance away from him and by the door, she could hardly see what he was doing. The fear that rushed into her lungs as different thoughts about what he could possibly be getting involved with at her dressing table, forced her to ask. Thankfully, she had sounded more in control then how her mental state was in.

"What are you doing?"

"Setting up candles." He answered bluntly and with a gruff. It was then that she notice the flickering golden glow in front of him and the earthy scent that lightly swept passed her nose.

It was so calming, she could almost feel it seep into every pore of her skin ease. She used to love scented candles like this, they made her feel at peace, even helped her take away her nightmares sometimes. At the beginning of her relationship with George she had discussed her need for scented candles with him but the times he forgot were more than the times he remembered. 

The memory made her eyes water. It also reminded her of the nightmare she had about him recently. About her family. She really hoped they were doing well without her. 

Taking a step further, the scent of the candle flooded into her nostrils.

Frankincense. 

Zezi took in a deep breath, trying to shut all the peaceful memories that came with that scent away. It was just the one she liked and she didn't want to associate this time with the King of her enemies to anything that would mean so much to her heart, more so in a position light.

"What for?"

The sound of the matchstick as it kissed the wick of the last candle seeped into her ears and the next second, he had put it off.

"Your nightmares."

She frowned, crossing her hands across her in a sought of defence, like she needed something physical to stay inbetween them at that very moment. A shield to protect her from whatever feeling was going to sprout out of this.

Feeling the need to take back control, she steered the conversation away to a topic she believed she would have no trouble manipulating to her advantage and blurted out her question without any real deep thinking.

"Did you show off the hickeys?"

"No."

Well, that had ended pretty quickly. Also, that had been a poor choice. It was a good thing it had ended quickly. 

"You sound angry." She said, waiting for him to turn to her but his back was rigid and she continued. "Angry at me. Why?"

He sighed, keeping mute like he wouldn't talk at first, allowing the room to be thrown into a sort of silence that was only broken by Zezi's rhythmic breathing. 

As silent as it was, he could hear it. He even enjoyed it, despite himself. It was something he loved about her, that she could breathe.

His silence was starting to trouble Zezi though, more than she would like to admit. When he finally spoke, his voice was quite, like he was trying his best not to hear the words that were coming out of his mouth because of how much they hurt him. 

"You said his name..." He turned, his black eyes holding hers in a powerful gaze, "in your sleep." He ended it and watched her suck in a shaky breath.

How could she be unconscious yet think of that wolf? She couldn't even think of him, her mate, when she had full control of herself.

It made him feel insignificant. 

So little. 

Unseen. 

How much longer would he have to fight for her to even think him worthy enough to occupy a space in her mind,  that wasn't one of bitter hatred.

Without thinking, she walked closer to him, stopping when she stood at the edge of her bed.

Was that it? Because she said her husband's name in her sleep?

"I was having a nightmare."

He gave a singular nod. 

Her response had not done anything to put a pause to his anger and the coldness in his next words confirm that. 

"I hope the candles will help ease your nightmares. Goodnight. I have other things to get to."

She scoffed, pissed. 

"Well, I didn't ask you to spend time lighting candles for me." She said after him as he took each step further away from her and towards the door. 

"I know."

The closer he got to the door, the more an irresistible urge took over her. She wanted him to stay. What was he leaving already?!

"What is your name?" The words rushed out of her mouth and that did it. He paused in his track, not taking a step further or back. 

"I just thought about it and it's been months and I still don't know your name."

He didn't move.

"You know mine. Tell me yours."

"So that you may say it in your sleep?" His cold voice cut across the room.  

She chuckled nervously, running her hands over her shoulders just to keep them busy. "You can never tell."

He turned, staring at her with scrutinizing eyes and she straightened up under his gaze, gulping from just the very need of feelimg her breath being whisked away. 

He started walking back and she seemed to count his steps in her head. She stood her ground, determined not to move despite how much he was intimidating her, but when he got close enough that his boots were only an inch away from hers, she fell back to the bed, sitting at the edge with a thud. He lean forward, so close that if she wanted to seal her lips against his, all it would require was for her to lean in just a little bit. 

If he was breathing, his breath would mingle with hers. 

His hand hovered over her face and her hands fell by her side on the bed, grabbing the sheets as she fought against the emotions that were trying to possess her.

It was the mate bond.

She felt nothing for him. Whatever was going on was the matebo---

"Ah!" She gasped, as his hand curved behind her neck, pulling her towards him, his cold lips grazing the lobe of her right ear, his whispers lighting fire in her veins. 

It was a struggle to keep her eyes open, it was a struggle not to give in and just surrender to him once and for all.

"Tell me the truth. Could that really, ever, be possible?"

Zezi wanted to remain loyal to her mission, so much that her claws dug into the inside of her palms to distract herself with pain as usual but still his lure was quite one to wrestle with.

Could he just take a step back so she could think straight?!

"I think you are lying to me. But never mind, I might have just the trick to fix all of this."

What he had done next was something Zezi hadn't expected.


###chapter 98 - Broken Blood Oath
He had pulled her hand away from the sheet, his tongue flickering over the deep cuts her claws had dug into it, swallowing the blood as the cuts sealed up almost instantly, a groan of pleasure slipping past his lips. 

A wave of dizziness hit her and whatever it was tha he had said about how her blood tasted, she couldn't process it.

In the next second, Zezi found her back pressed against the bed. Shocked, she immediately tried to sit up, but leaned back almost instantly when she found the King's face to be hovering slightly over hers, his knees caging her to a particular spot.

The thundering of her heart was certainly loud enough to block his ears, but that scent of longing from her made it worth it.

"I could mark you, Zezi."

His words reminded her of the night of the Full moon. The way he had held her close to him, the way she had clung to him in return, pulled him closer anytime he moved away. 

How she had begged for him to take her.

Blood rushed up her cheeks and she felt warm all over.

Could he just get off her? He presence was disrupting her thinking.

"Mark you and finally make you mine." His lips moved over that part of her neck and she shut her eyes, sucking in a shaky breath. 

It felt like her strength kept consistently failing her tonight. Why wasn't she fighting him already? Why was she slipping into his lure? Where was her restraint?!

"I should have made you mine by now. It was stupid for me to wait." His hand sneaked into her hair and he tugged at a fistful of it, making an unintentional short moan escape her lips, making her eyelids snap open in surprise at what had just happened. Her eyes fixed on the ceiling above yet failing to see it.

He was too close.

The matebond wasn't letting her fight him like this. 

His tongue slithered over her neck. f
Feeling his fangs prick slightly as he did that, she didn't know where she found the strength but she found it. With her free hand, she pushed him away from her with a kind of force that could have thrown any werewolf like herself right across the wall, but it had only pushed him to the edge of the bed. Her push having an effect only because he had been greatly distracted.

Zezi seized the opportunity, sitting up, her hand shot up to her neck to ensure that he hadn't done much damage, while she glared at him.

He stood up slowly, laughter cut sharply through his lips, it sounded completely devoid of happiness though and when he turned, she could see that his eyes had turned completely black. 

Oh no. 

What if he pulled the fact that she was going against her blood oath right now against her? What if he took this opportunity of her disobedience and went after her family as punishment? He didn't seem to fancy their existence after all. 

Her glare dissolved into worry, she could feel her heart tighten with fear the more she thought about this. Time dragged by slowly and every waiting moment for his words was turtore. 

Over a month ago, she had given him her word that he could mark her and now that he had tried and she had fought against him, wouldn't her actions have consequences?!

Oh no.

Why wasn't he speaking yet? What was this maniacal laughter supposed to mean? What was going on in that evil mind of his?!

The King didn't say a word, neither did he stop laughing, the wall echoed the sound of his laughter and they tore her ears from how much pain and sadness she could hear in them.

She shouldn't pity him. 

He was her enemy. 

He had her kind through all the terrible things, maybe their suffering had been mostly from his father but still, he wasn't completely innocent. He had melted out his own fair share of turtore on them. 

He was doing it right now. 

She shouldn't pity.

Yet...

Still....

The sharp scratchy sound of his claws against the wall as they draw deep long lines into it, snapped her right out of her train of thoughts. His laughter had died now and it was the first time she was seeing him in this kind of angry state. 

Somehow, something about this seemed to be different from the rest.

"It sickens me that I have to compete with unworthy wolves for your heart."

Unworthy wolves?

Her glare found it way back to her face and although her heart had been filling with hurt from how she had treated him, now rage slowly took over. She stared at his creased white shirt and roughly rolled up sleeves that she hadn't noticed until now, anger burning more and more in her.  

Did he just refer to her family as unworthy wolves?

She stood up from bed.

"Have you ever had a child?"

"No."

"Being married?"

"No."

Her anger clouded her mind even further.

"WELL YOU HAD PARENTS," her voice dropped as her anger stormed. Who exactly did he take himself to be? "...and you must understand how worried they would---"

"My father," with his back still turned to her, he spoke cutting her off, "he wanted to use me as a sacrifice for more power, my mother died too early for me to learn much from and my step mother supported my father all the way. Two hundred years."

There was a slight pause before he continued again. 

"I was locked up and used for two hundred years by my supposed parents. So, no, I don't and I will never understand your care for that which isn't yours."

"You---"

"The pup is adopted." He turned sharply to her and she staggered back a little but stood her ground just as quickly. "Not yours." 

More lines crawled up his face, zig zag lines, tiny and linking to the other like cobwebs. His eyes were pool of darkness and as he spoke he seem his whole mouth was at war with his elongated fangs. 

Never had she seen him so feral. 


###chapter 99 - Straining Heartstrings
From the unbuttoned part of his shirt, she could see the zig zag lines on his chest, up to his neck. For a spilt second, she wondered if it had taken over his whole body. 

"And the wolf is not your mate. His mark is already gone! Vanished." He said with emphasis but it had come across as a threat with his physical look at the moment and Zezi found herself, despite knowing that he wouldn't hurt her, taking a step back while her claws replaced her fingernails.  

"What more hold does he have on you? What more ties do I have to break for us to be? Make me understand why the unworthy wolves must stand in our way. Why? Tell me."

"I love them!" Zezi snapped, overwhelmed by her tiredness and anger. She drove her fingers through her hair, holding a fistful, while she looked around the room, a pained smile plastered on her face. "Yes, I love that unworthy adopted pup and I love that wolf I married very much."

Hurt flashed in those eyes and somehow, she felt it hit her heart as he stared back at her like he was trying to understand her but it was gone as soon as it came, and rage filled those black pools once again.

"It is impossible to love that which isn't yours." 

That was something he was certain of.

Experience had taught him and he was a good student. 

His mother's sleepless night when she had wept her eyes out about his father was a prove of the impossiblity of the love. The many years his father, along with his step mother, had locked him up in a basement and made use of his soul for more powers was a prove of that. How they had ignored his pleads for mercy while they took from him until he had nothing to give was a prove of that. 

Everything that had happened in his life so far was a prove of that! 

Even for her too.

Everything was a prove.

How could she not see it?

The wolf could never really love her completely as he, her mate, would, nor as he did right now. One day, he would finally slip and he would kill her. 

Like his father had killed his mother. 

It was impossible to truly love that which one wasn't fated for, especially when the fated one appears.

If that were ever to happen, things would usually change from impossible to fatal. 

The so called love she believed she had for the wolf was a mere illusion and he would be damned to allow her slip into the kind of fate that he knew all too well would end terribly.

He would protect her, keep her here by his side and love her till she would realize there was no where better for her to be. 

He didn't know how he would go about that but he would learn. Especially the love part, he knew he had so much to learn when he came to that and he was ready to read as much books as possible, ask for as many advice as needed, just to be well equiped.

His silence was starting to drag on for too long. She had replied him when he talked about the impossiblity of what her heart felt by saying she was a prove of otherwise but he seemed to be deliberating ignoring that. 

Then he said more to himself. "All you need is time." 

"It doesn't matter, I will always love---"

"You think he loves you?"

"Yes."

"Then you must he in love with physical abuse. Is that what I am missing? An attribute I should perhaps exhibit for your attention."

Something stirred unpleasantly in her.

"You think you are any different from George? That you are the better option?"

"I am the chosen one. Fated."

"You have held me against my will, threatened me with the lives of my family and---"

"I had no other choice. Do you think I would have done all of that if you had just accepted our bond? Do you ever think of me? I am your mate. Put yourself in my shoes, what would you have done?"

Zezi shrugged.

"Something different."

"Like what?"

He sighed. Tired when she didn't give an immediate response.

"You do not---" 

"I have heard enough. This argument is leading no where." He shushed her with a finger across her lips and all she could notice was how his claw was long enough that it pass over her forehead.

It seem every moment tonight reminded her more and more of how dangerous he was. What he represented, what she hated.

The very creature the Moon Godnes had tied her destiny with. 

Her mate. 

How cruel fate was. 

"Goodnight." Just like that, he was gone.

Instinctively, she tried to call after him. There was still more that she like to hear, more she would like to know, something just told her that there was more to this and she wanted to find out what it was. Something in her made her crave to understand but she shut her lips immediately, remembering that she still didn't know his name. He never gave it to her. 

That made her realize one more thing. 

He hadn't said her name either.

She shouldn't be bothered but something seemed to hurt in her when he didn't say it and it hurt even more when it was followed by the silent slam of the door.

Her hand shut up to her chest and she frown, tears glimmering in her eyes. Then she wiped the tears away angrily.

Why was she crying?

Angry at herself, she stared at the marked wall, the deep scratches till she could faintly see the light from the hallway, emitting from the brick. 

She hissed. 

What nonsense. 

He didn't matter to her. She only needed him for her mission. That was the only reason she was concerned.

Staring at the candles, her anger grew and she put them off. Next she switched on the light and started planning on now to get rid of Gwen.

Two thoughts later and the thought of the King had made its way into her heart again. Angry, she threw her fists again the mirror. It shattered to the ground and to the dressing table, some pieces sinking into her knuckles, making them bleed. 

With an intent gaze, she pulled them out, along the line, more tears streamed down her cheeks and couldn't stop herself this time before breaking down.

Why was she crying?

___

__

((It's my birthday. Yayyyyyyy! 

I apologize for my recent inconsistent update, school has resumed and I haven't come up with a schedule to quite balance it yet, but soon enough, I'll find one and stick with it. Thank you for all your support.))



###chapter 100 - Blood Betrayal
The gentle smashing sound of a pair of boots on the broken pieces of glass that littered the floor, made Zezi spring up, her claws at ready against the neck of the intruder.

"It is I, Akeem." The whisper made a lot of difference and she stood straight, retracting her claws, while she looked around at the damage made in her rage. Her heart was racing and she felt hurt, sick in a kind of way she couldn't describe.

Even sleep had not taken her troubles away. 

"What are you doing here?" She was angry. Angry at everyone at this point. Even Gwen had betrayed her, Akeem wasn't on much of a high pendestal to be given a different treatment.

"I have been trying to reach to you, Zezi, but the King's presence has been much of an obstacle."

As if she needed any more reminder of her predicament. 

"Okay?"

She didn't have time to waste, could he not sense that already?

"Please come with me to meet the White Circle."

As pleased as she should be with that news, her anger still was an obstacle to her other emotions. 

"I'm not climbing out of any windows tonight."

"You won't have to." Under the dim light of her room, she could see the frown that passed quickly on Akeem's face at her tone but he knew better than to comment on it. She was in the a foul mood, and he had sensed it, but when was she ever not in a foul mood?

"Please, go to Library. My High Pillar will show you the way."

She tsked, closing her eyes briefly, realizing that instead of having this unnecessary conversation with him, he could have just sent her a letter. Considering how risky that would have been, well Lady Delice direct message would have been better. Why did he just waste her time?!

"You could have just---"

Akeem was gone, disappeared into the night. Probably out the window. 

She wondered how long he had observed the King's presence in her room, if he had watched too. But she doubted that. The King would have sensed his presence of he had lingered for even a second longer, besides no one would be foolish enough to put themselves at such risk.

She shut the window and went out, ensuring to take her key along this time, observing, while she did that, that the King had also taken back his keys.

Well, fuvk him!

No.

Seriously no.

Absolutely not. 

___

When Zezi got to the Library, Akeem was by his desk. It reminded her once again that he was the librarian.

She walked straight into the library, to see Lady Delice standing up from her seat and packing up her books. She threw a gentle smile her way, as she tried to reach shelf and reture the books. In a flash, Akeem was there, helping her arrange the books back. 

"Leave it to me, High Piller."

Well, he was fast. 

"This should have been done a long time ago. I really apologize for the delay, Lady Zezi."

It still always felt like a wonder to Zezi how sweet Lady Delice was the one behind the traitors of the King. Not the entire person, just at least the fact that she was one of them, held surprise.

"The Princess---"

"Please put your mind at rest. She will not ever complain about you to the King again."

Well, that was strange. Did she do something to her?

Walking away, Lady Delice lead the way and Zezi followed to the end of the library. Soon they were were facing a wall but not for long, in no time and with a few tricks, the wall became a passage way. 

This castle must have a lot of them. Zezi hoped to explore them, if she would ever get the time.

They went in.

It reminded Zezi of the time she had tried to escape with George, and how he had turned feral in the cave.

He had almost killed her, that too, in front of their sick daughter.

There was no light on the cave till they got to the end. 

Akeem could see in the dark too? 

What exactly was he?

He certainly wasn't human, neither was he a werewolf nor was he a vampire. 

Before she could keep guessing what he was, the walls moved, leading to an opening to a sort of open gathering.

There were four pillars in the vast room, a seat next to each pillar that was decorated in long white cloth wrapped around each. 

Two of seats were filled, the ones behind, while the ones at the front were empty. They all seemed to be facing the white seemly vapour in front of them, only turning to the side when they caught a whiff of the strange scent. 

"Lady Zezi," Lady Delice's voice cut across the room, gentle yet holding attention. "The King's fated mate."

Zezi's heart twisted at that. Knowing that position that she didn't want was the only reason why she was here. 

"Former War General to the Werewolf Capital."

She concealed the smile that wanted to cut through her lips as Lady Delice ended her introduction with that. Her eyes remained sharp though as she observed everyone around instead. There was a man sitting on the right seat at the back, that was connected to the pillar. His beard were white and they covered most parts of his face. She had never seen him before. 

At the left, there was a woman, almost looking like a drawing from how lean she was, her hair was white too, and they seem to sweep the ground. 

Once again, someone she had never seen before. 

"Our new Ally."

The hall fell into silence and when Zezi heard a voice it was from the place she didn't expect.

"I am sorry that I am late. I really apologize."

Zezi frowned as she watched the Lady walk in, her boot making contact against the ground, the many jewelries she had on her body making jingling sounds with every step she took. 

The Princess.

The King's sister?!

What was she doing here?

Her question was answered quickly, as she settled into one of the seats. 

So, she was also a High Pillar. 

Part of her brother's traitor?!

How dare she?!


###chapter 101 - One of Us
That didn't make sense.

If she was part of the White Circle, why then would she try to expose them? Why would she report her to the King? Why would she put them at such a risk? Did they know what she had done or was she just in the White circle as a spy that reported back to the King? Was she one of them? Or was she a rat? 

What was she?

That explained one thing though?

That was why she could read the letter. Because she was an High Pillar. So, maybe Gwen had not betrayed her?

"Bring her to me."

Zezi looked right at where the voice had come from. 

The vapour of smoke. 

What was that?

If this was a dream, she had better wake up now. Something told her things were about to even become worse.

"Please." Lady Delice said, leading the way. 

They got there and Lady Delice bowed slightly while Akeem fell on one knee. 

What was going on? Where they worshipping this ball of smoke?

"You must bow, Lady Zezi."

Zezi folded her hands, a smile tugging up her lips. 

Fear was for someone who was scared to lose something and that someone wasn't her. 

"I will not bow to something I do not know."

"Don't you dare disrespect my mother." Lady Laura was right next to her. 

Okay. That was confusing. What was going on?!

"Your mother."

"Yes, that is what my step brother has made her into. Attacked her with the his darkness and--- That Soul seizing vampire." Laura snapped and never had Zezi heard her speak with that kind of hatred. Despite hearing Laura speak with nothing but hatred since she had known her, this was different, this wasn't filled with disgust as usual, this was filled with bitterness, a rage for revenge and a quest of vengeance.

How interesting.

This castle was nothing but a wreak of everyone wanting to kill each other.

Zezi wasn't interested in their reasons as long as she knew that she was part of the main pillar behind this and her loyalty was unshakeable.

Ah! That made sense now. 

It was a test. To see if she would rat them out to the King to save herself. Testing her loyalty.

The fact that they considered themselves more than her annoyed her even further. They were on the same level playing ground here. What did they take themselves to be? She didn't care about them or her life. Whatever she had been feeling that had been swaying her feelings recently went straight out of the window at that moment. 

If only they knew how she hated all of them. She wished she could claw at their chest and yank their hearts out, but that would have no effect for something that has no beat.

Besides they were stronger than she was. Whether she liked it or not, that was something she had to admit to herself.

"Let's get down to business, shall we?"

"Yes." Laura snarled. "We are at the part where you bow."

Zezi chuckled, her laughter echoing.

"Maybe your the High Pillar you sent to me did not deliver my message clearly." Now she was talking to the room. 

Damn the consequences.

"But I am not here to offer my aid as a lesser being. I know you need me. How much progress have you made without me?"

"Silence." Laura snapped.

"Or what?! You will silence me forever." She tsked. "Looking around at the room that looked back at her with concealed eyes. Now that she was standing here and observing things, there were people upstairs looking down at her. She tried to search for Gwen but couldn't find her. 

That further confirmed it then. Gwen wasn't in on this White Circle thing. That was why she couldn't read the letter. It hadn't been a lie or an act, it was true.

It seemed that she was really loyal to the King, for her not to have been invited into this. Zezi wondered what they King had done to earn such unshakable loyalty from her, when the ones closest to him were even against him. Maybe he had saved her children or her husband from a life threatening situation, it had to be something that made her forever grateful to him.

Zezi was curious, she would have to find out.

"You won't want to find out what I will do to you, wolf."

Zezi smiled, "I think I want to find out. Do to me as you please but fair warning, no matter what it is, I will still not bow. I am here as an ally, not here to serve you. We join forces together, we have our aim." Then she looked back at the ball of smoke. "What do you say, Smoky?"

"What did you just call my mo---"

"That is enough, Laura." The silence rang across the room. "I, High Priestess of the White Circle, accept you as my Ally."

Gasps filled the room. 

This must have never happened before. 

Zezi nodded, this should be satisfying but it wasn't.

It was too easy. 

It felt really off. 

"Welcome. Daughter of the Fur."

The whole hall repeated after Smoky. petaed that. Then the ball of smoke spoke again. 

"But even an Ally must take an oath not go against the pact." Laura stood in front of her with a goblet in her hands, her eyes glowing red as she chanted something unintelligible, while she slip a hand over the goblet, covering the surface with her palm.

Zezi could hear her blood dripping into the liquid contained in the golden cup, the smell of blood was thick in the air. 

Zezi's browns knotted together. 

Laura was a witch and she was performing blood magic, making use of dark spells. Wasn't that forbidden?

Well, betraying the King was forbidden too and yet, here she was. 

Next thing she knew, she slashed her palm making her blood drop into the cup. 

Hissing, Zezi snapped her finger away.

The content in the goblet hissed too, vapour raising out of it while it bobbled like it was on fire, the shade changing till it finally stopped at purple.

"In this goblet is the Blood of the White Circle and it also now has your blood. Drink. It is an oath to stay loyal to the mission. The day you speak to another about us, that is not part of us, in betrayal, is the day you die."

Zezi smiled.

Death. Why was that always the threat. For her, that wasn't a threat at all.

"Drink first and swear the same to me. We are allies, remember?"

Laura bared her fangs at her. 

"Or give it to smokey then, I just don't know how she will take--"

With a grunt, Laura did as she asked before she would get a chance to speak anything more. 

Zezi nodded, taking the goblet from her and drinking down the content in one gulp.

That was probably the nastiest thing she had ever tasted. Zezi also felt a bit dizzy after but that quickly faded away when Laura was once again speaking in her sharp voice.

"Be warned. The death will not one of ease." 

She shook her head and smiled, feeling slightly different, a strange connection that settled in her heart like an unnecessary burden she had foolishly chosen to carry. She waited for it to fade away like the dizziness earlier but it didn't.

"Welcome to the White Circle, Mate of the King, Daughter of the Fur, Decendant of the Moon."

Shut up, Smoky. 

___

Happy Valentine's day. Three ###chapters today - my Val gift to you. Thank you all so much for your support. Have fun today.



###chapter 102 - The Painting
One by one, they welcomed her as they introduced themselves. 

But all that wasn't important to Zezi, in fact, she wished they would just tell her what they had planned already so that they can tell her the role to play. 

Soon enough, the welcoming was over and a tiny bottle was handed to her. 

"Feed it to the King." Laura's words pushed through her teeth.

That was it?

Just for her to feed the content of a tiny bottle to him. 

Why hadn't Laura done that a long time ago. 

He believed her and saw her as his sister, it would have been easy. 

What was this? 

"What is this?"

"A slow killing poison." Laura answered, irritated by her questions already but Zezi remained unbothered as usual. Although, from the corner of her eyes, she observed how Lady Delice shifter uncomfortably from one foot to another. 

Her heart that was in love with the King must be feeling a little sad. 

Understandable.

Zezi rolled the small bottle in-between her fingers.

Poison. 

What kind of poison was this? If it could kill the King then it would certainly be able to fatally harm the rest? If only she could find out it's content.

"The King is very cautious about what he takes in." Laura said like she had tried and failed. "It is impossible to mess with his meal."

"Yet, it is needed that he is weak. In order to stop the problem he will become for us once the darkness consumes him totally." Lady Delice added, saying those words like it had been repeated to her over and over again to the point that her mind had been tricked by it. 

Memorized.

"To take him out, we need him to be weak." The man with the white beard, behind them said, also sounding like he had provided methods in the past and had failed.

"So there is no possible way for me to do this?" Zezi thought aloud.

"Are you saying you are incapable?" The lady at the back, with the sweeping white hair, finally spoke, her voice quiet and chilling.

Good. 

Thank the Moon it didn't take time for her to reveal who she truly was, the guessing game would have been time wasting.

Zezi chuckled. "My capabilities to you, at the moment is very unknown. But yours." She stepped further and the woman rose to her feet. 

She was tall.

Very tall.

That didn't faze Zezi one bit. 

"I confirmed, from the looks of things, you have tried and failed several times too."

"Don't talk to me like that, you pup!"

At least she acknowledged she was a wolf. Laura would have called her fur creature. Ridiculous, that one. 

"I will talk to you anyway I deem it fit.  As long as you speak to me like a creature without a brain."

The woman growled.

Woohoo!

This was getting interesting.

Trouble was just always wonderful.

"Commander Riza." Lady Delice came inbetween them.

Sweet Lady Delice, please do not ruin the fun. 

"We are together. A fight between us in not what we want. How about we leave it to the King's Mate to figure her role out, while we attend to ours. Remember, she is our ally."

Commander Riza, bared her fangs before returning back to her seat.

"High Priestess, don't you think we should demand a report in a week to know if she will actually be of use to us."

"Demand? Careful careful, Beard Only. Make another mistake and I wouldn't be in a good mood to overlook it."

He hissed in correction, "It's General Basit."

"For the progress of the White Circle, it will be of great help if you discuss your progress with us in a week, King's Mate." Smokey said in a diplomatic voice. 

"The King is slowly catching up on us. We don't have much time, Lady Zezi."

"A week it is." She smiled, looking behind her as if to tell the white haired people, 'that is now to communicate.'

____

A week.

A week?!

Were they crazy?!

A week time from now would be the night of the the official Mating Ceremony of the Princess and that unnecessary Ball of Sunshine. 

A week.

Things would have been easier if the King and her were, at least, friends, but no. Evet since what had happened three nights ago, she hadn't seen him. She had even heard from Gwen that he had left the castle.

His absense having something to do with attacking some suspected traitors den. Zezi's heart had leaped to the sky when she said that but she kept her cool. Gwen had been really worked up about the whole thing, and she verbally declared that she hoped the traitors would get what was coming for them.

Zezi had also used that chance to find out why she was loyal to the King. As it turned out, she had been right. The present King had saved her entire family from his father during the war that ended the Dark Times. 

"His mother was the kindest to me before she passed away. My mate owes his life to the King. We all do." 

That was the best she was able to get out of her. 

Being reminded of the Dark Times left a bitter taste in her mouth, if there was one thing that the Present King did that she appreciated, it was him killing his father. 

That vampire was evil in every sense of the word. 

Feeling terrible about suspecting her earlier and even planning to get rid of her, Zezi had told Gwen that she could retire early for the day to spend time with her family. The other reason was that Gwen still was hell-bent on feeding her food to get her pregnant. Selling the pregnancy idea to her, as if it wouldn't take her anything to bring a whole being to life. She had even likened it to the easiest thing in the world. Going to the bathroom. 

"All you have to do, Milady, is to have a bat in you and pop it out." 

Quickly, she had gotten excited at finding out of the child would be more of a vampire, wolf or a complete hybrid, taking from both sides.

She also did not shut up about their little gathering that was supporting her union and the King's.

"We have increased in numbers!" She declared excitedly. "At this rate, we believe you will be marking each other soon. We have picked different dates, and the one who would do it first. I pickkkkk---" she paused, hiding a giggle before she whispered, "It is a secret but I will tell you one of it. I picked you."

After that she bursted into laughter, and Zezi couldn't help but gulp, feeling heat raise up her cheek at the implied meaning of that. 

Marking one's mate always came with some level of steaminess, if not blown out sex.

Why would she even think she would initiate that?

Well, that had done it.

"I am freeing you from responsibility for the rest of the day." Zezi had declared, her voice a little breathy. She wasn't even nervous or anything like that. 

She didn't actually consider the King as her soul mate, it was all the bond. 

The existence of that silly thing was to be blamed.

What Gwen was thinking about wasn't what she had in mind for the King at all.

With how much she couldn't tolerate the King's presence, she found it surprising that Gwen still believed they would work out. 

Ridiculous.

If only she knew. 

A smirk crossed her lips, remembering the childlike happiness and mischief in Gwen's eyes as she bolted out of the room after that. She wished she would be as happy as that someday, but for a person without future, that was a stupid thing to wish for. 

Her legs mindlessly took a turn and she didn't notice how it was getting darker because of the corner she had taken. All that was on her mind was worry about how she would feed the King the content of the bottle.

He wasn't even around for her to observe---

Her thoughts screeched to an halt when she noticed the glittering of something above. 

It was a big glass framed painting hung on the wall, and the glittering was that of twinkling stars. There was no moon in the dark sky, below was the sea reflecting that which was above. She could almost hear the gentle crashing of the wave from the painting, as the rain beat down on it. It wasn't easy to see the stars in the sky in reality during a time like this, because they weren't always around when it was raining, but the painting felt so alive that if was easy to get drawn into the magical moment. To be at the sea side, feel the wind kiss her sky and gently blow her hair. 

It was magical. 

It felt like she was living in the moment.

Her mind felt at peace. 

She could even smell the rain as it came down from the sky and hit the sand, the peace and ease it brought with it. Feel it across on her skin as she reached out for the painting.

Ah, by the moon, she could smell the rain. 

Wait. She could smell the rain?!

Did that mean the King was--

"Beautiful, isn't it?" With those words, her unasked question was answered. 


###chapter 103 - Blame It On The Matebond?
"Where have you been?"

The question definitely did not pass through her brain for proper processing and thinking before blurted it right out of her mouth.

It felt too embarrassing to acknowledge that she had indeed said that without thinking, so she refuse to turn and look at him, scared that she might find a contented look on his face. It wasn't like she cared about him. She just wanted to confirm what Gwen had said. It was relevant to her mission that she knew his whereabouts. It would certainly help her in finding out how to feed the content of the tiny bottle to him.

How?

Well, that wasn't necessary right now. She would figure it out along the way. What she knew was that it was important that his whereabouts were known to her and that was that.

"Why? Did you miss me?"

"No." She answered way too quickly.

It was the bond. It was the influence of that thing that was making her stupid. He didn't matter to her. He never would.

He hummed slightly before he spoke again. "I see the painting interests you."

He was standing behind her, a little too close because asides from the way his scent flooded her brain, she could hear his voice vibrating as he spoke and the goosebumps that laced her skin was annoying, the fire that lit in her veins needed to just not do that. 

"You painted this?"

"My mother did."

His mother. 

She blinked, staring intently at the painting. 

"She has quite the talent."

"She did."

"I like the stars." She said in a light-hearted, already feeling comfortable and forgetting her need to put her guards up.

"Which one do you like the most?"

She smiled, looking at the glittering things on the painting, trying to pick the one that interest her the most. "All of them.

He chuckled. "Then you must like my name."

She looked back quickly before looking away immediately, her heart leaping at the sight of him. 

"D-do you paint?"

She stuttered. Why did she stutter?!

"A little."

She felt him draw closer and she tensed up. 

"It's been a while but I think I can paint you." His hand moved slightly above her hair, picking some strands inbetween his fingers. "I think I can find the right shade for this."

"It's black."

"There are different types of black. This has a blue tint to it." He paused slightly before he continued. "Deep blue."

She chuckled, her nervousness slipping away, like it was never there to begin with. "Do you have other paintings?"

"Mine or my mother's?"

"Both." She declared, her excitement hard to hide.

"Will you like to see them?"

"Right now?!" She looked back at him, reaching for his hand, her eyes glimmered with excitement then she caught herself.

What was she doing?

She frowned, realizing she was enjoying the conversation. She immediately blamed it on the mate bond as usual but somehow it didn't feel like it was the mate bond's fault this time. The mate bond most of the time usually deals with sexual needs and cravings, and this wasn't sexual.

She cleared her throat awkwardly. 

Finding something else to blame this on. 

Ah! Her mission. She was only doing this because her mission required it, not because she felt like talking to him, nor because the sound of his voice made her feel completely at ease, his presence wasn't something she particularly enjoy too either.

This was strictly for her mission, nothing emotional. There was simply no way that she would have feelings for him that were not influenced by the bond or anything else.

It was impossible.

He was her enemy. 

The happiness in him deflated as she pulled her hand away from his. Right there he had thought they were getting along. He had been happy about that but it had quickly been confirmed that he was, yet again, wrong. Maybe she was angry because of what had happened in the room that night, besides he still hadn't apologized yet. 

Gwen had taught him many things and one of those things was that apologizing mattered when one had done something wrong. 

Gwen and all those tiring books that he had to read. 

They were largely boring, yet he couldn't deny that they had been helpful.

He had wanted to apologize the very next morning after the incident, but there had been an issue with the traitors in his Kingdom. 

Dens, so they called it.

One of his Generals suspected that they were raising and he had to quickly look into it. It was surprising that Laura hadn't been the one to bring it to his notice. 

A den of them had been executed already. It had fed his bloodlust and calmed his anger, with the amount of souls he had seized and devoured. Although, the fact that he still had people wishing for his father's presence instead of his, felt seriously bothersome. 

The only thing keeping him were the people by his side and hopefully, soon enough, his mate would be one of them.

"I am sorry for what happened. I shouldn't have been aggressive with you. I won't say that I will try to understand why you keep placing the unwor--" he paused, recollecting himself, "them over me. But still, I shouldn't have taken it out on you like that. Forgive me."

Zezi's frown deepened, as she turned his words over in her mind. 

He should stop saying the right things! He had to start giving her more reasons to hate him instead of this!

After a while, the King shifted one feet to another.

Wasn't this the part where she would accept his apology? All his training and he still had no idea what to do next.

Feeling at a lose, he turned and started walking away. He would just quickly take a look at that book and come back.

"I'm sorry too."

He stopped dead in his tracks, throwing her a puzzled gaze. 

Did she just apologize to him. 

"Ever since I came here, I have hated you without knowing you. I have been after your life."

He frowned. 

"Your soul. Whatever makes you die." She shrugged and a smile broke across his lips.

"I have never given you a chance and you have tried your best to be understanding with me."

He frowned, stepping towards her, his eyes searching to see if she had any lethal weapon on her. He wasn't worried about him, he was worried she was about to harm himself, like the last time she had tried to pull a fast one on him for her unwor--those wolves.

"Ah, my words are so strange you consider them suicidal."

He relaxed. 

"I'm sorry."

"It's fine. It's my fault."

She took a couple of steps towards him.

"I want to you give you a a chance."

He froze, rasing a questioning eyebrow at her. 

"A fair chance." The words sounded foreign to even her own ears and it was as if she wasn't the one speaking them.

But it was her voice and those were her words.

"I will stop fighting you and I will try to make this work too."
He froze, then the next minute, he held her head in concern. 

"I have to call the physician."

"Your Majesty."

"You are sick." He declared. "Sickness of the mind," he added horrified. 

"Not--"

"You hit your head, didn't you?"

"I didn't."

"You don't have to lie to me, Zezi."

It was so good to hear him say her name again.

"I'm not."

He paused, then and he looked at her. Really looked at her. 

Then he pulled her into an embrace, his cold body against hers, seeping out warmth moments after, the fabric of his robe soft againt her exposed arms. 

Her hands went around him instinctively, she felt a urge to pull him closer till he dissolve right into him, or her into him, whichever way. They just had to become one because holding him like this didn't feel enough. 

"Thank you." 

She could hear a glimmer of tears in his voice and her eyes watered. 

When he pulled away, he pressed a kiss to her forehead. She had never seen his black eyes glassy before. Her fingers moved the strands of hair that had fallen over his forehead, feeling the need to touch him.

"I must go now. I will show you the paintings later, I promise."

He was leaving? Already?

Why did it seem like these days he was always leaving her too soon?

"Already?"

He chuckled. "I like that. I hope to hear it more no matter how long I stay with you. I hope you won't get tired of me and everytime I leave, you'd say 'already?'."

She smiled, looking away from him for a brief moment.

"I have something to attend to. I wish I could stay longer but I will be seeing you soon. I promise."

He leaned in, his gaze on her lips, her heart skipped a beat when he leaned in for a kiss but he pressed his lips against her forehead instead, scared that he might be moving too fast with what he had in mind. 

Her hands dropped from him, and she watched him as he walked away.

"Wait."

He stopped, turning back to her immediately.

"I still don't know your name."

He smiled. That could easily be remedied. 

"Valerick."


###chapter 104 - Where Is The King?
"Valerick." She said, letting the name roll off her tongue. "What does that mean?"

"It means brave. My mother named me that because I stayed."

Zezi turned the thoughts over in her mind, his mother must have struggled with childbirth. A struggle she herself could relate to. During her years with George she had tried to have a child of her own but it had unsuccessful. She wondered if that had been somehow related to their lack of fated bond.

His mother must have been really glad when she had eventually had him. 

"You like it?"

"I do." She answered almost immediately.

No. She didn't, she absolutely didn't.

His smile broadened, "I like that you like it." With a sense of urgency, he added, "I really just leave now, but I will be back soon, as soon as I can make it. I promise." With that, he finally turned away.

As she watched him leave, against her thundering heart, her stomach that was fluttering with butterflies and the goosebumps that laced her skin, she reminded herself over and over again and she was doing this for her mission. 

She had no feelings for him. 

No feelings whatsoever. 

Alright, maybe it would be farfetched to say that. 

Fine. She hated him. 

Had only hatred. 

He was her enemy.

It was only right that she hated him.

Yet as she had turned back to the painting, she couldn't help but observe, as he had said earlier, that the stars in the painting had been written in the form of the letters of his name.

She chuckled. 

His mother must have been a wonderful being. 

She wished she had met her. 

____

He had said soon. 

Zezi clearly remembered how he had promised over and over again to come to her as soon as he could make it, with a sought of urgency like he would he running right back to her within the next minute.

Soon was the word. 

Not days!

Time had ticked slowly by, into minutes, hours and days from the time they had spoken about the painting, and up till now, Zezi had not seen the Ki--Valerick. 

She had even mustered the courage to go to his room but she hadn't found him.

Apparently, she had discovered from, Lady Delice that the dens were growing stronger and he had gotten some information from some anonymous source after his meeting some days ago. He had gone out along with the warriors sent out to deal with it. 

Lady Delice's voice had been filled with worry and at first Zezi had concluded that she was worried about the King finding out about them, since this Anonymous seemed like a threat to the White Circle but actually, Lady Delice had been worried about the King. When Zezi realized this, she had been shocked. Watching her pace around, while saying her thoughts out loud about every scene of trouble that took form in her mind, was a puzzling sight. 

How had the Princess been able to manipulate this strong feeling into a weapon to be used at her discretion?

How could a person lacked so much knowledge on how to rightly love someone, to the point that they had been easily fooled on the right way to go about it.

Lady Delice did not stop worrying until until Zezi had shifted the conversation away from the King and to the graveyard, asking if she had plans to visit her little Medallion anytime soon. 

"Will you be coming with me?" Lady Delice had asked and Zezi had nodded enthusiastically. 

"Just tell me when you want to go and I will be in the carriage with you in a flash."

Lady Delice had smiled, feeling a little comforted by the knowledge that she wouldn't be alone on her next visit to her son.

Lady Zezi had seemed genuinely interested. It could be that she understood her need for the visits because she was a mother herself. 

Laura wasn't. 

When Zezi had spoken to the Princess, Lady Laura had sounded worried about the Den, talking about the King possibly finding out about them if he dug too deep, and their need to bring him down before that would happen.

She had also reminded Zezi about her deadline and mocked her when she said her process was 'coming along'.

"No progress, you mean." She had said with a snide expression.

"Will you like to take it up, Princess? Let's see how you would fare. Hopefully, it wouldn't lead to yet another failure but it is highly possible on your part and that is no mere speculation."

That had wiped the smirk off her face but the voice of her mate as he made his way to her had changed her mood. 

"My Raaa Queen." Oliver had said, bypassing Lady Delice who didn't even spare him a glance and throwing himself right into Lady Laura's ready arms. 

"Oli baby." 

Zezi had turned away, not wanting to suffer anyore turtore of watching the annoying sight in front of her.  

These two were infuriating. Both of them. 

Chameleons.

An unnecessary Ball of Sunshine who was always consistently hitting on his Mate's best friend and a sister who was part of her brother's traitors.

Disgusting.

That was a day ago though, after dinner. 

After that, Zezi had comtempleted going after him herself but from what she had heard from Gwen when she said her suggestion to her, not everyone was in support of their King's mate being a mere werewolf.

Many believed it would shake his loyalty from his kind. Some hated her so much, that unlike Laura that had a restraint, they were ready to die just to have her out of the royal picture. It would be a stupid risk to go after someone who would be in battle with the Den. In fact, she still wouldn't find out how to feed him discreetly of she did, so what was the point.

As the dark drew closer, Zezi stared at the bottle. Her heart pounding loudly in her ears.

The deadline was no longer coming closer. 

The deadline was already here. 

Tonight was the Princess' Official Mating Ceremony, the night she would give report to the White Circle, the night that her stand would finally be cemented if she brought something that was worth it with her. Her place would finally be known to either deserve respect or to be casted out. Tonight, she would be placed on the scale of judgement, and yet, the King was still no where to be found. 

The penalty of the White Circle did not scare her, instead Zezi found herself wondering where he was?

If he had some how been slaughtered in the Den. 

Not that she cared about him been 'alive' or something, besides, she just wanted to be the one to kill him, hoping no one else would get that opportunity.

So where was her Valerick?


###chapter 105 - Missing King
"Gwen?"

"My Lady." Gwen said as she tried to searched the wardrobe for the gown that was suitable for tonight ceremony on her Lady. Her Lady had seemed too occupied these days that she had not even made any preparations towards the ceremony at all, but lucky for her, she had a maid like Gwen, and a person with Gwen was a person with no problems, because she would take care of everything.

With her right measurements, Gwen had gone to see the Royal Seamstress and stocked her Mistress's wardrobe with different dresses made in varieties of colors, except white.

The Official mates for tonight would be wearing that.

"Do you know if the King is back?"

Gwen fought a smile. Her mate was right. A couple of days ago, she had been so worried about her Mistress's absentminded behaviour and discussed the matter with her husband, who had easily suggested that their future Queen might have finally fallen in love with their King, and was just being worried about him. 

Claiming that her Mistress was most likely alright.

Well, it seemed that he was right. 

"No. The King is not back." She moved the dresses, placing them in front of her Mistress, staring at her reflection in the mirror to see which one would fit her the most. "This one, Milady?"

"Why is he not back yet?" She walked away, making Gwen's hand hang up in the air, with the dress still in it. 

"What could be taking him so long? Shouldn't we send help to him? What if he his in danger."

"Ah." This time around, Gwen couldn't fight the smile that took over her face.  "Finally, my Lady."

Zezi was startled by her excitement. 

The workings of Gwen's mind was always different from hers. What could she be possibly thinking about this time.  

"What is it?"

"By the Blood, you are in love!" She squealed, bursting with eagerness, her body swaying to a music only she could hear. "You are completely in love with our King." 

When Zezi didn't immediately say anything, she added for further clarification. 

"Our King, your mate!"

Well, thank you, Gwen. How could she ever had guessed that was the vampire she was referring to without that little explanation. 

So grateful for the clarification.

Zezi rolled her eyes. 

"Don't be ridiculous."

"How else can you explain this? You haven't eaten since afternoon because you are so worried about him..."

"I'm just not hungry."

"...and right now you can't even chose a dress because he is all you have on your mind..."

"The dress? None have caught my eyes so far--"

"Your eyes, Milady, glimmered with worry just talking about him." She grabbed both sides of her cheeks and Zezi stared back at her dumbfounded as she stared deep into her way like she was reading something in it.

"You are absolutely in love. Those eyes cannot lie."

"Nonsense." She pulled her hands away, shrugging them off. "I'm not. Why would I be in love with a blood sucking monster?"

Instead of Gwen's smile to disappeared, it only broadened. 

"Even your hateful words no longer bear the hate in them."

"I am not on love with him." She gritted. 

"Of course. Whatever you say, Milday. Please, let us pick you a dress."

Zezi had ended up with a red glittering dress. It had way too many exposing parts, one right from her left midthigh straight down, her V neckline was a little too deep, it revealed the soft upper part of her bosom, but what she found most concerning was that her neck was left completely exposed.

Gwen must have had a lot of scandalous thoughts in her mind while choosing this dress for her.

The fact that she had her hair packed into a messy bun with silver stones in it, made her feel even more vulnerable. 

There will be a lot of vampires there. Was it wise, to make herself this tempting?

"Is there another?"

She had tried to ask but it was too late. 

Lady Delice was already at the door and Gwen was ushering her out, claiming that she was already late for the ceremony.

With her heels that, thankfully, weren't too high, she stepped out.

"You look stunning." She complimented Lady Delice when her gaze landed on her right after Gwen had shut the door firmly behind her. 

She did. 

Lady Delice had on a brown flowing A shape gown, with sliver designs around the neckline down to the waist and hem of the dress. 

"Thank you. I wish I could just wear one of my normal dresses but Laura would kill.m me if I let her look bad by being too simple. I will be the one taking the goblet down to them, I must look presentable, she said." Lady Delice had said with a small laugh but Zezi hadn't joined her. 

Their friendship was something she would never pretend to find normal.

Instead of things humans use, such as rings, they would drink from a bonding content from the Ceremony Silver Goblet, then make a vow.

Zezi had tried to keep herself inform properly of her enemies. The more she knew, the easier it would be to bring them down. 

"Is the King back yet?"

"No. I wonder why."

She did too. 

"If the King isn't back yet, this might affect many things."

"Why?"

"Well, he will have to be the one to take Laura to the alter. The ceremony cannot commence without the King. All the guests are here and yet--"

Zezi heart was starting to race now.

"Is he not with the people that went to take care of the Den?"

"No, he disappeared." Lady Delice's words were starting to fade into a distant echo. "We sent out a search party to look for him. In fact, I was hoping you would know his whereabouts."

She didn't.

SHE DIDN'T!

Why would she?

"How would I know that?"

"If you had marked each other---" Lady Delice paused when she caught sight of Zezi's bare neck and Zezi's hand shot up to her neck, rubbing the spot a mark should be, pushing away this strange feeling of guilt that was sipping into her heart. 

"Well, we thought he might be in your room." Delice ended. 

"In my room doing what?"

Lady Delice gave her a side glance, blinking away her confusion. "He is your mate, Lady Zezi."

"Oh, I see. Well, he is not."

"Have no fear, Lady Zezi." She was quick to offer her a smile. "He might even be in the ballroom as we speak. Shall we?"

Well, she hoped he would be.

When they got to the ballroom though, he wasn't there. 

Where was he?


###chapter 106 - Eyes On You
Despite the fact that Delice had closed the door, Zezi could still hear the mumblings of the people as they spoke in worried tones.

She wondered what must be going through their minds right now. If some of them were actually worried right now or just pretending. After all, some of the people were part of those that made up the White Circle and their little dens. She even wondered if someone in that hall right now was responsible for Valerick's sudden and mysterious disappearance.

What if some part of the den were already going against the O big White Circle and had done something, feeling that the White Circle was too slow and unprogressive in their so called aim. 

By the Moon, they had better not. If not she would...

They just, better not.

Laura was pacing back and forth. 

They were no longer at the entrance of the hall, but the Bride's waiting room.

"Where is he?"

Laura looked good. Her dress managed to have more slits. Two slits at either sides that started further up her thighs. Decorative chains at her ankles, coupled with heels that could snap a person's leg if they took a wrong move. Her hair was adored with different golden stones, and pinned with different golden, decorative, long pins. Her make up was surprisingly light, but the bangles  on her wrists were so much that anytime she moved, they made a special tune on their own, like a different kind of musical instrument. Her dress was also off shoulder and flowing. 

Despite how much Zezi despised Laura, she couldn't help but admit that tonight, she was breathtaking. She would stun the crowd in that dress.

"I want him gone but I don't want things like this. Not yet." Her voice seemed to scratch Zezi's ears in an unpleasant way, she whinned at it, letting out a little cringe. 

"Put a pig in a beautiful dress and they look glorious." Laura paused her worry, giving time to scrutinize Zezi's dress.

"That is right. So, I wonder why you still don't look glorious. Isn't your dress beautiful enough? Should I lend you mine?"

Laura hissed sharply. 

"I wasn't talking about me."

"Please we do don't need a fight on our hands." Lady Delice said, trying to make them calm down before they would erupt into feral animals out for each others blood as always.

This just wasn't the time. 

With her attention drawn away from Zezi, Laura was reminded of her worry and she continued her effortless pacing yet again. 

"My ceremony will start tonight! I don't have the---"

"Wait." Lady Delice cut her off quietly and Laura threw her a glare, ready to throw words back at her for interrupting her when Delice quickly added. "They are quiet."

The trio's gaze moved to the door, their attention on the hall and the people beyond it. 

They were indeed quiet. 

The noise at the door had stopped and Zezi could faintly hear someone say the words that made her heart jump, "Your Majesty."

Stopping herself from rushing to the door and flinging it open, Zezi turned to Lady Delice, putting up a facade to f ease and nonchalant regard as best as she could. 

"I think he is here."

Lady Laura smiled, rushing to fix herself and despite the fact that her make up was already flawless, she snapped her fingers and in a flash, maids had rushed in to help her touch it all up.

Disregarding them, Zezi's attention was drawn right back to the door and the muffled voices she heard next made her let out a sigh of relief. 

He was indeed, in the hall.

She had heard his voice.

She couldn't make out what he was saying but she had heard his voice and that was the important part. 

By the Moon, what a relief. 

___

The ceremony had gone by quickly, so fast it felt like a second had only passed by the time it was over. 

It wasn't that enough time had not been taken with the ceremony or that Oliver had not taken their sweet time during the vow exchange, as Oliver went on and on about how he was so fortunate to have a dominating Princess as his mate, and Laura spared them no hidden details, as she talked about how Oliver had made a misstep in the past and almost ended up with the wrong match, fate fortunately throwing them together and forcing them to realize they were meant for each other when the time was right.

The only thing she had hidden was the fact that Oliver used to be her best friend's boyfriend, completely hiding Delice away from the story. 

While they said their vows, Delice had been the one to give them their goblets and the fact that her smile had remained unshakeable was a surprise. 

Zezi felt pity for her, this pair were detrimental to anyone who had them in their lives.

Well, thankfully the ceremony had gone by in a flash and people were now exchanging pleasantries.

Zezi had deliberating had to stop herself from following the King around the hall, with her eyes, observing every step he took and noting down every corner he turned in her mental jotter. At first, during the ceremony, she had observed him from within the crowd where she stood earlier, to see if he was fine as he led the Princess to the alter. Even when he was done and and taken a couple of steps back during the vow exchange for the mates, her eyes had still been on him to ensure he was alright.

He was. 

With how excited he had been about her giving him a chance some days ago, it was surprising that he still hadn't come to her 'the first chance he got' yet, like he promised. Instead when his gaze had met hers, he had offered her a small smile and gotten back to business like she was a mere work mate that he happened to come across and had the responsiblity of being polite, instead of blatantly ignoring them. 

Vampires and empty words they could always go back on, not like she cared. 

Maybe he should have taken a blood oath on coming back to her, maybe he wouldn't have failed on that one.

Again, not like his presence mattered to her.

Her only concern was on her mission in this Moon forsaken castle.

Despite her refusal to acknowledge that his actions were hurting her, Zezi couldn't help but let herself dive into the thoughts of why he was pulling this annoying act. 

Could this be somehow, related to what had made him mysteriously go missing for hours?


###chapter 107 - Hello Stranger
One side of her heart, wanted her to believe it was a lover but the other side had trashed away the option so quickly, it had gone right of out the windows of her thoughts.

What did it matter if it was another woman?

Well, that might put an obstacle in her plans. As he might pay more attention to the other person.

That was the only thing. 

Her feelings had no play in this game at all, they were non-existent here.

The music was melodious and as much as she hated the vampires, Zezi couldn't help but appreciate their taste in good music. 

The instruments played in a sort of harmony she didn't know existed and somehow, she enjoyed it very much. 

She looked around at the people and although she had planned against searching for him, she caught the King in his red robe, talking to someone who held the hand of a Lady in his. They both looked fairly young from where she was standing, so it was hard to determine the relationship of the two vampires standing in front of him. From their demeanour though, she could deduce that they were most likely siblings.

Another thing she had observed when she had finally seen the King in the hall, was that they were wearing the same color and how glorious he looked in that robe.

Not that it mattered, the color of his robe or how glorious he was.

She strained her ears to hear what he was saying but the music came in harsh and loud, slamming right against her ear drums, threatening to blow them off.

That hurt. 

The next thing she saw though was that the King was dancing with the lady that had been in front of him a while ago, the other man was now gone.

So, they were both alone.

A chuckle slipped past Zezi's lips.

Alright, she would need a drink. 

Any alcohol would do at this point.

This ceremony was boring.

How could a ceremony lack so much life in it?

Absolutely annoying.

There was a makeshift bar at a corner, a little further away from the main place, and she had gone there, mixing different drink to get to a point of alcohol strong enough to make nonsense of this entire ceremony. 

By the time she was done, she might meet her bed with great gratitude. What about the White Circle's meeting tonight?

Ah, well, by the Moon, she would think about it while she got herself something to drink. It wasn't like she could actually get dead drunk anyways, it was never something she could do even if she filled her stomach with nothing but alcohol. 

But the vamoires' wine for tonight might have a different effect. 

Well, on to new adventures then.

In a deep corner of her heart, Zezi appreciated that despite how old fashioned the vampires were in most things, they made provisions for some things to balance out their lack of major touch with modernity and lack of complete utilization of technology.

It was, kind of, refreshing.

A mix of old and new. 

As the wine stung her lips, she noticed that thoughtout the night the King had not as much as had a drink himself.

Feeding him the content of her bottle would be hard. 

"What is the time?" 

She had asked a woman who had come for a drink herself, not paying her as much as a glance.

"9:14pm" she had answered with a giggle, not paying the person who had asked much attention to. Instead, excited about getting back to the ceremony, most likely because of the owner of the other drink in her hand. 

9:14 pm. 

Zezi sighed, looking deeply into the dazzling red wine in her glass.

By midnight, the White Circle would come for her and she would still have no solution for them yet.

If they didn't kill her, she would die from mockery. The shame would be too much and her usefulness to the mission would be questioned. What was the point of having her if she came to them with the same results as the rest?

Maybe they would even kill her and have Laura make the death tagged on the neck of an innocent fellow, or someone in the White Circle who would willingly sacrifice themselves to take the fall for the rest. 

Zezi almost choked on air at the thought.

These vampires could kill her!

As much as she didn't really value her life, she didn't want to die just yet. It was worrisome too that she was starting to have a tiny thought to reserving her life, making it have value to her, would make her powerless to many of the White Circle's threat and she didn't want that. 

No matter what though, she had to find out a solution on how to feed this bottle to him before midnight.

When she glanced at the dancing floor again, he was dancing with yet again another person.

Wow! No, just wow!

What a glorious night. 

What an interesting turn of event. 

She chuckled, taking down the drink in a gulp and mixing another.

"A little bit of Sinalti will add a tinge of bitterness to it. There is always sweetness right after you taste the bitterness. You should try it." A voice said behind and she frowned, paying full ignorance to it while she continued mixing her drink.

He was probably another vampire asking her for a dance. She would tell him what she had told the rest of he persisted. 

No. 

"Let me help you---"

"I'm not in the mood to dance. Look for a partner else where."

"Well, I am not in the mood to dance either. I am here for a drink and I see that our interest lies in the same place."

Zezi rolled her eyes, finally turning back to look at the annoying fellow, only for him to turn out to be the man who she had seen speaking to the King earlier, along with a lady in his hand. 

He flashed her a smile, a second after their eyes met.

"I am Silas, Governor of the Right Province. Let's keep each other's company." His green eyes was vibrant with energy.

This was the first vampire Zezi would see that had more aura of life to him than Lady Delice. 

"If you don't mind absolute silence, sure." She answered, too wrapped up in her thoughts of the tonight events to argue.

"I will take whatever I can get." He chuckled, mixing a drink and offering it to her. "What is your name, by the way?"

Zezi took in his clean, black suited appearance, down to the drink that he was offering her, before disregarding it and paying her attention back to the failure she was mixing. 

"Absolute silence." He smiled, leaning back against the wall and flashing her a grin. "Got it."

###chapter 108 - Who Are You?
Silas had been trying to keep quiet as much as he could, so much that Zezi had even forgotten that he was there for a second, until he finally couldn't contain his curiousity anymore and he opened his mouth.

"I wonder. What is a werewolf looking for in Lavida?"

Zezi frowned, looking down at the content in her glass, trying to figure out if the spinning feeling in her head was real or she was just imagining it.

"For a Governor, I assumed you would have heard the news." She chuckled, finding nothing about his presence interesting nor the line of conversation he had picked to communicate on, amusing in the least.

Could he just go away?

Her anger flared up the more he lingered by her side but she was in no mood for an argument or anything that would require too much explaining from her that she hadn't told him to leave yet. 

When the time was right, she would just walk away. The only thing she was starting to like and hate about this makeshift bar was that the King had moved away and she couldn't see him anymore. 

Now, she wouldn't even be able to figure out what he was doing. What if he was doing something that could potentially ruin her mission, she wouldn't know because she couldn't see him!

"What news?" Silas whispered, his voice scratching her ears, repulsion doubling in her chest. 

He looked around briefly, brushing his hand over his clean, very low, black, hair cut, before he closed up the distance between them, leaning down towards her, and flashing her a suggestive grin. 

"Tell me." He licked his lips and that was it. 

That single act ticked her off completely.

She tilted her glass a little to the front, pouring it right on his suit. 

"Oh no." She declared flatly. "Now your fine suit is ruined. You will have to excuse your self and take care of that. I am so sorry."

That apology lacked every bit of remorse. She just sounded bored. 

Silas chuckled. 

"It's black," he replied with a shrug. "Black can accommodate everything."

Zezi rolled her eyes. 

This vampire couldn't take a hint even if it was waving right in his face, even if someone whispered it into his ears, he would still remain ignorant. 

"Well, I can't." She shoved him in his chest, pushing him away. "I'm done with this boring conversation. Have a fine evening."

Not looking back, she excused herself from the ballroom, but not before casually making herself another glass of wine and taking it along with her.

There was someone really addictive about it. 

It wasn't so quiet outside, the music from the ballroom still sipped into the air but this place didn't feel quiet crowed. 

It almost seemed empty as more guests were inside the ballroom. Zezi assumed what importance this ceremony might be for others that weren't the celebrated mates, a time to meet other vampires and most likely hit something off from there. 

The air, as fresh as it felt, still felt a little off. 

There was just this small spinning feeling in her head. With an aggressive shake, she fought it and it cleared away for a while. 

When she finally felt the fog clear away, she found herself in a maze. 

How did she get here?

Wait, the castle had a maze?

Why was she just learning of this?

She had better get out of here.

When she took a step further though, she stumbled slightly, pushing herself against the grass of wall.

It was surprisingly strong. 

There was someone helping her stand straight though, before she could even attempt to do it herself. 

She shrugged his hands off, her eyes sharp with anger. 

"You followed me!"

"I knew you would get drunk and need help. That is too strong for a werewolf." He gestured towards the glass. "I'm even surprised you can still walk."

Zezi's heart pounded with fear. 

She felt really weary around this vampire. 

Were they the only one in their maze?

"Your dress looks really stunning by the way. I like the way you are putting yourself out there with it."

Gwen.

Zezi was certain that this wasn't one of the reasons she had done this. She wouldn't be very happy with this.

"What you like is none of my business. I am not trying to please you." She side stepped him, walking away. 

"But fortunately for you, you have. I can make your life better than what you are right now. By my side is a better option. You have hit the jackpot with me." He walked closer to her, leaning towards her ear and whispering. "You are certainly are the luckiest tonight, because you have my attention."

Zezi chuckled, a dry and long laughter, without even giving him a response she turned away but he grabbed her arm quickly and the way his palm felt her skin, made her skin crawl with disgust.

"Let go of me now or---"

"Or what?" His grip only tightened and excitement glimmered in his green eyes. The shadows behind him made her heart skip a beat. 

There were more.

"No one refuses me. Especially not when they are free to take and their blood most certainly sweet to taste."

As if her evening wasn't already going wrong.

Now this?

Just perfect. 

The alcohol swept right out of her system, the dizziness replaced with a sense of alert, her andranaline taking control as her eyes flashed blue. She raised her left hand to swipe her claws across his face but he countered her attack quickly, feeling overconfident by it that he didn't notice when she raised her right hand with the glass in it, smashing it right into his face.

His head moved to the left with the force that although he should have seen coming, he had underestimated her strength so much that he hadn't. 

Zezi took a step back, watching Silas pull out the glass pieces from his skin, none had gotten into his eye. 

She wished it had.

His cut had healed up in seconds and her awareness of the kind of danger he was increased. The cuts on her hand had healed at a slower pace.

"Don't we all love a little bit of feistiness?"

He reached for her hand and she slide away from his grip.

"Don't you dare touch me again, or you will not live to see the light of day. Don't you know who I am?!"

He laughed, laughter mixed with short snorts.

"Who are you?"


###chapter 109 - Hands Off What's Mine
Words tried to tear out of her mouth but they got stunk in her throat, even she wasn't convinced of the position she was about to claim for her safety. In that moment of slight shakiness, she realized that she had been surrounded with more of Silas men.

"I know who you are. The King's unmarked mate, or should I say, unwanted." He arched her an eyebrow, his eyes preaching false reasonability. "If he hasn't marked you by now, I am certain you have no use to him. He didn't even introduce you to anyone tonight and he has danced with plenty." 

He chuckled again.

"Your insignificance is stinking, wolf. Once he is bored he will get rid of you."

Zezi's heart clenched. 

That was a lie. 

She was certain of it. 

What seemed to unexpectedly hurt though, was that, was that what everyone else thought of her?

"Don't you know what this means?" His smile broadened. "It means you are free for all to take. No consequences what so ever, and I love free things." 

She tightened her fists, shaking off Silas words not to have effect on her, instead readying herself to take them down even if it would cost her life. 

On the good side, maybe the training with Laura would finally come to good use and she could thank her just to spite her further. 

Something about reeling the Princess off had always felt good. 

They launched themselves at her, all attacks aiming to pull her down, to render her immobile to their thirst. 

But she was stubborn and very well trained. Despite what she was, she was able to slash through and have a good cut at them. Whosoever these vampires were, their level of fighting skills was no match for her, the only problem right now was that despite how good she was at fighting them, they weren't dying and she was increasingly getting weak. 

Suddenly, someone claw straight into hand, pinning her down to the wall, another on the other hand and two others on her legs, pulling them apart.

There was indeed strength in numbers. 

Damnit!

She fought against their hold but blood was gushing out her cuts and she was growing increasingly weak too. The blood loss and the physical strain she had gone through with all those fighting wasn't helping too.

Excitement glimmered in the Silas's eyes, as he wiped away blood from his upper lip, that had spilt in half, quickly healing too.

Zezi smiled as she remember how that had got there.

She wished she could claw at him some more. 

"You have no idea how horny this sight makes me. Helplessness..." He hummed, his eyes raking over her body, "we just need to wipe that smile off your face and it will be complete."

She snarled, accompaning it with a smirk.

Sick blood sucking bastards.

"When I am done with you, you will love to be taken this way, you will beg and desire only this. You will search for me," he moved closer, almost dropping to his knees inbetween her. "And I will willing accept you into my House and give you this little dog place in my harem."

The fvck?!

As vampires got closer, Zezi wondered where the King was. 

All that shouting about his main goal to have her as his, about how he would protect her, and how much power he had, yet he couldn't even protect her from this.

Maybe she would be susceefully hurt right in his castle after all.

She was disappointed. 

Hope that lady he was dancing with was really worth it.

As she felt the vampire tongue slithered over her neck, she shut her eyes, overwhelmed with disgust and struggling once again with the grip, Silas's hand shut up and held her down. 

"Stay put, the fu----" his voice cut short immediately, his grip on her stiffened before it became lose.

Zezi peeled hey eyes open, watching the man in front of her have all his veins popped out before he fell to the floor in agony. 

The groan she heard all around was that of pain.

The thud was sudden and of multiple bodies.

As she watched them curl unnaturally and reach for the ground before them, with their claws, fighting as their black eyeballs rolled into hiding, leaving white in it's wake, she knew she had seen that before.

Her gaze shot up to the only one she knew could be responsible for this kind of thing and there he was, the King. 

Valerick.

Black zig zag lines lined up his face, the frown etched into his features was unmistakable, the glare obvious. He was mad, big mad. 

"How dare you touch what is mine?!" His voice cut through the air.

Zezi moved quickly to her feet, not wanting to look any weaker than she already did before the numerous eyes that had now become an audience to this.

"How dare you?!" Blood slipped on the floor and she felt the stickness beneath her heels.

His eyes grew increasingly dark and Zezi felt a sort of rage seep into her. It was overpowering. 

It wasn't hers.

Darkness that left a bitter taste in her mouth, and an urge to kill that took over her heart completely.

Again, feelings that weren't hers. 

His blood had long ago faded from her system, why could she suddenly feel his feelings? 

All around her, they groaned in pain, gritting their teeth, their pleas barely making it past their lips. 

Zezi's eyes widened. Valerick always was one to be able to control himself.

Was he still in control?

Zezi wanted to believe so but when her eyes caught Lady Delice constrained gasp as she reached for her heart, she knew he wasn't.

"Stop this." She covered the distance in-between them. 

He looked down at her, wild and out for blood. 

"I'm fine. I'm alright." 

Her hands tingled to touch him and being closer to him felt this felt like home to her, yet her struggle against the bond remained, even when she wasn't deliberating doing it. It was just something born out of habit now.

The next scream she heard was that of a child. 

Her hand grabbed his wrist, 

"Valerick!"

She whispered.

Someone in the crowd fell to his knees, blood spilling from his nose. 

"Get a hold of yourself!" She half yelled, but the cries of agony around her only increased. 

"Valerick!"

As much as she hated vampires, Zezi found the sight horrific. 

"D-do s--om---ething!" Laura yelled. "Stop him!" She gritted. 

"Please!" Lady Delice begged. 

Zezi's shoulder felt heavier, as she felt the pressure being thrown on her. 

He was seizing their souls.

"Please." Another cried. 

"I don't want to die." That was a child's cry. 

Zezi looked around hurriedly, her heart thundering, as the vampire in front of her was more of the zig zag black lines that took over him, than person she knew, his eyes looking straight at those who his anger dwelled upon, like he couldn't notice that his rage was affecting others.

She yelled to him to stop, shook his arm but it had no result. 

How else was she supposed to stop him?! How---

She blinked, at a thought that flashed in her mind, and throwing caution to the wind, she pressed her lips against him.

###chapter 110 - Passionate Lips
His lips had been cold against hers, at first. 

Unresponsive. 

Till they sealed against hers with full possession, harsh, rough, passionate. Like this was an unexpected opportunity and he intended to exploit it in every way possible, savour every last moment of it and ensure not to let even one go to waste. His hands went around her, one around her waist to keep her pressed to him and the other below her head, keeping her in possible, so he could ravish her lips as he wished. 

Her environment had changed in a blur that made her dizzy and cling unto him for dare life. A bag followed soon after, only for her to be pushed against a wall a second later, his body pressing against hers, holding her captive, his lips now warm and even more demanding, the bond between them straining with an increased need.

The feeling that crossed through her veins was undeniable. She opened herself to him and let him savor the taste of her lips, while she did the same to him.

She tried to push forward, but his body pressed down hers, their bodies almosy molding into one, as every part of her ignited with sparks she couldn't control the closer they got. His hand had slipped in-between the slit of her gown and grabbed her thigh, anchoring it around him so she had no choice but to settle on his demanding bulge.

Her hand shot up, one cupping the back of his neck, and the other going around him for the lack of direction her sexually fogged brain just couldn't provide no matter how hard she tried.

All she knew was that she wanted, no, needed to touch him.

Zezi felt overly aware of him, his rough passion making her straddle him with each move they made in unison.  The wave of lust that took over her weren't just her own, it was too much to be. So much, it almost sent her mind to a point of dizziness.

She could feel his lust, struggling against his restraint while a growl tumbled from his chest as he kissed her like this would be their last time.

So this was how it felt, to be with one's mate.

It was something she almost would have never known. 

It was heavenly. 

It was breathtaking.

She needed to breath. Her hand shoved against his chest and her protest were filled with gasps and moans that she couldn't control. 

She needed to breath!

Valerick pulled away reluctantly, his nose falling the croak of her neck, her slight struggle for air, music to his ears. 

Hearing her breath always made him feel some way that he couldn't describe.

Pleasant? Certainly.

While she tried to catch her breath, her hand had slipped to his hair and grabbed a fistful, making his crown tilt forward to his forehead in a funny manner. It was a wonder how he still even had it on. 

While he breathe her in, only one thought took over his mind. 

She had kissed him.

His mate had kissed him. 

She made the first move and he reciprocated. 

She kissed him! 

He never would have thought that she would do that. It must mean that she had been very serious about giving him a fair chance. 

It took a couple of moments and blinks for Zezi to finally see what was in front of her, she had felt so dazed by the heated moment they had shared, that it seemed her logicality, along with her sight, had gone for a short break then, suddenly, now returned.

She felt his tongue slithered across her neck, his fangs nipping slightly at a spot that made her cling even more to him, while she bit her lips to surpress the moan that threatened to burst right out of her lips. 

Her breathing was heavy by the time he was done with the turtore, more out of breath than before. Her neck was smooth and healed from any injury. Valerick's gaze wandered to her deep V neckline, watching as her chest rose and fell in an uneven rhythm, his need for her surged in his pants and his fangs poked out even more from the corners of his lips. His gums swollen from the need for him to bury those fangs into her flesh when her grip on his hair tightened.p

Was this it? 

Was this finally it?

Would she let him mark her?!

He brought his lips down to hers that was already slightly swollen from the earlier kiss they had just shared, but she titled her head to the other direction, denying him.

He had heard his heart shatter at that point.

He gritted his teeth. 

For a moment there, he had thought tonight would be different but now, once again, his hands would have to be at his service. 

"Put me down, Valerick." She whispered, her voice sounding so breathy that it lacked the authoritative tone it normally had to it. 

One part of him was happy that he was the one who had had done that to her.

He.

Her fated mate. 

He would like to have her on his bulge a little longer, it felt warm to be in-between her thighs. 

"Valerick." She breathed, becoming too aware of him for her own good. Even during the Full Moon, Zezi didn't think she had been this close to him. "By the Moon, put me down! Please."

Her eyes was filled with lust and the air bustling with the enticing smell. It took every ounce of strength in him not to attend to that instead.

The ground threatened to sway underneath her feet but she had forced herself to stand up straight on her legs that felt like jelly.

It had been so long since she paid her sexual need any active attention, that must be why her longing for him had increased so much. 

Maybe if she touched herself tonight, she would be able to get him out of her mind for at least a little while.

Maybe... Just maybe.

###chapter 111 - Outburst Of Truth?
Valerick stepped forward, pushing aside a strand of her hair that had come lose during their passionate moment, tucking it behind her ears. Zezi froze, observing his fingers instead, and wondering if they would be better than hers. 

Clearing her throat awkwardly, she pulled away.

There were just a lot of things wrong with her right now that she could blame this on.

She was drunk, well partially. That alcohol was made with a vampire standard in mind, very different from the one at the Capital, it was so strong too. Then there was this bond that was always trying to take possession of her, always pushing her towards him, always disturbing her mind with how much his presence appealed to her sexual senses and how if he did more than just he present, she might not be able to boast so much of that control that she claimed to have. 

This mate bond was a problem and it was to be blamed for everything!

The conversation she had with him some days ago about the painting flashed in her mind. 

Alright, the mate bond and her mission. 

But that wasn't all. 

She should have known that not having sex or any form of intentional sexual act for a long time, as far as she had gone, would make things get messy. 

She was a wolf, wolves had wild sexual needs.

Zezi shook her head. She shouldn't be thinking about something like that. 

No!

Not now, not here, not with this certain vampire on her mind. 

The so called mate standing right in front of her was her enemy.

How many times would she have to continue reminding herself of that?! Why had she been slipping up so much these days. What was wrong with her?! 

Zezi, have you lost her damn mind?!

Anyway, the kiss had been absolutely necessary. It was born out of nothing but absolute duty and unexpected responsibilities, nothing personal whatsoever. The thrubbing of her lips said otherwise though and the need that gathered at her core, in-between her thighs was very ready to prove her wrong if she gave in just a little to it's nagging demand. 

Feeling the need to distance herself further from him so that she could think straight, she walked closer to the edge of the bed, discovering it only now that she was clearheaded enough to, that Valerick had brought them to his room.

That was a bold move. 

Being in here, only reminded her of things that were making her situation right now, worse. She had been in here before, the night of the full moon and the morning after.

In his bed.

Zezi shook her head. 

No.

Not now for the Moon's sake!

Not now, not ever!

"You look stunning." His voice floated to her ears, it sounded more husky than she would normally hear it, deeper too. 

She looked back at him, seeing that all the black zig zag lines had vanished, she smiled to herself, satisfied. 

"Well it seems you are doing better now. Good." She said, ignoring his compliment like he never said anything to begin with, and as she walked pass him to the door, she hoped he wouldn't stop her. 

Her emotion were overwhelming and at this moment she didn't know which was which. 

It was best for her to be left alone. 

She would dread to wake up naked and marked in his bed the next morning.

But she had barely reached the door when he had stopped her by standing in between her and the wooden frame that held her escape. 

"Show me your hand." He sounded worried, like the fog of lust had finally cleared enough for him to remember that she had been attckedd tonight. The panic in his eyes clear for her to see as he lead her to the bed hurriedly, then started running around for a first aid box that he hoped he had inside here somewhere. A first aid box that he never really needed. 

While she watched him move around like a confused being in panic mode, Zezi had the time to think. When he came back, he had been met with a different person. He reached for her hand but she snapped it right away from him before he even had the chance. 

"Don't touch me."

"They attacked you with silver. Please, don't be like this. Let me take care of you."

But her words had not dazed him and he remembered yet another thing that he should have done  but had skipped his mind did to the earlier distraction.

An apology.

"I'm sorry that I did get there faster." He said, his voice filled was the remorse as he thought about how he had drained the souls of each and every vampire that had been involved in the attack. He had deliberately made it excruciatingly painful too. He wished he could do it again, just to watch them suffer and watch regret play in their eyes as he took everything from them.

How dare they touch her?! She was his. Silas had crossed the line and he ensured he never would again.

"You almost killed them, all of them."

"I would kill them again if given the chance. Silas crossed the line and I am very glad I got rid of him for good."

"I wasn't talking about those ones." 

Oh, of course she had said 'almost killed them' not 'killed them'.

"You stopped me at the nick of time. Thank you."

Zezi rolled her eyes, letting out a scoff.

Remorse filled his eyes, replacing the rage that had taken over a moment ago. 

"I am really sorry. I wish I had gotten there sooner." 

It was hard to feel sorry and angry at the same time. 

He felt sorry to her and angry at himself. 

It was a terrible mixture of feeling that left him torn inbetween, one that he couldn't do anything about.

"I think you have a lot of things to be sorry about."

"My delay wasn't intentional. I found more information about the Dens. I suspect that there might be an insider and I wanted to see for myself how that would play out." His gaze shifted to her hand again. "Let me see your hand, let me take care---."

"Don't touch me!"

"Why are you still mad at me? I have explained myself."

She scoffed at his display of utter confusion.

Was he joking right now?

"I was worried sick about you because you mysteriously went missing, but the next minute you are found, you were gliding down the dancing hall with some beautiful, sleek vampire. s
She must have some great moves, uhn."

He rubbed his fingers against his temples, then proceeded to put back on his gloves. He hadn't even known when he had gotten rid of it earlier. Zezi's own were still intact. He wish she had gotten rid of it too. It would have been good to feel her hands on him. 

"I had something to discuss with her, about the Den. She is one of the people I appointed to look into it and she had information. It was a matter of urgency."

"And the others you danced with?"

"That is just how I keep up to date with my people at the Provinces."

"Of course, they matter more. All I desrve is an head tilt across the hall. Hello stranger, out gaze met, how about I just tilt my head a little just to be polite."

Valerick stared at her in surprise. When he spoke again, his voice was quiet and that only infuriated her more. 

"If you were so worried about me, why didn't you come to me? I would never have turned you down. You know that."

"I shouldn't have to!" She stood up to her feet, her anger growing, her eyes flashing blue. "I am your mate, I shouldn't have to struggle for your attention with others."

###chapter 112 - Feelings That Shouldn't Exist
Zezi had been taken aback by her outburst as much as Valerick had been shocked by it.

Although their feelings had been for different reasons. 

Zezi had been shocked and confused that she had verbally claimed him and Valerick had been surprised and happy that she had done that. 

Although, he managed to keep the smile from his face. He was still trying to make her accept his apology here so flashing her a childish grin might not be the right thing to do.

"I'm sorry."

When he apologized to her this time, his voice had sounded like an echo to her, her verbal claim still ringing in her ears. 

For so long now she had been denying everything she felt for him and casting it upon the mate bond like some burden or any other thing that she could seek shield from.

The oblivion had been blissful and anything that came to crack the wall down, she had immediately shut down.

To say what she had said in anger meant that her words had certainly held it them, truth, to a certain degree that made her afraid. Now, it was confirmed that she had feelings for him. 

Had feelings for an enemy.

For the creature that had almost brought her kind to it's end.

For the King that held her people captive.

For the one that had separated her from her family, and turtored her daughter and husband in his cold dungeon, when she had not readily flung herself into his arms at his claim of the existence of a matebond between him. 

For that vampire, feelings for him existed in her heart. 

All that within five months. 

Was she really that weak?

Zezi blinked, biting her lower lip. 

"Forget it."

Valerick frowned.

Not even in her dreams would that be possible.

"Don't stay mad at your mate for so long. Let him take care of your cuts." He said with an edge of excitement in his voice as he referred to himself in third person so he could linked together in his words once again.

Zezi frowned. 

Must he turtore her with that reminder?

She clenched her fists.

When she had spoken out without thinking earlier, for a second there, everything had seem to go still and her overwhelming feeling had stopped raging within her, but now that she now knew and acknowledged why she was acting the way she had been acting towards him recently, the overwhelming feelings had doubled over. 

She needed time to think. 

The pain in her clenched fists shot into her brain and she could feel herself weakening with silver. 

"I will take care of it myself. Thank you."

"Are you still mad at me?" 

"No." She answered, standing up, praying that this tears that was building in her, would not glimmer in her eyes. "I want to but I can't be. Not anymore."

"That is a good thing, right?" He asked, looking at her like he was trying to read, even the smallest things she wasn't communicating to him about right now.

Zezi sighed.

It wasn't.

At least, for her.

It wasn't a good thing for her. 

"Please when I try to leave this time." Her gaze moved slowly to the door then back at him. "Do not stop me."

"You said you are not mad at me."

"I am not."

She was confusing him, she knew that, but she felt confused herself and she just needed to be alone right now.

He held her by the wrist the closer she got to the door, stopping her. 

No. 

"I'm not very good with this."

His frown deepened, a slow smile taking over his face, not because he found any of this amusing.

"I have now guidance for this. I haven't read that part yet... I think."

"Part of what?"

"My Guide on 'How to be a Perfect Mate' Volume 4." He met her eyes that went slightly wide with shock.

"You are reading books on this?"

"Well," he shrugged. "I don't know how to do this and I need to figure out somehow."

She blinked, feeling her throat tightened with tears.

"Do you really not want me to stop you?"

"Yes, please."

"And you are sure you are not mad at me."

She looked away, planting her gaze on the door instead. 

It was so close, yet so far. 

"Yes."

"Is there a way I can help?"

She nodded, moving her wrist to remimd him that he was still holding her. 

"Let me go."

With a sigh, he let go.

"Come to me when you are ready." He pressed down the doorknob, moving to a side. "I will be waiting for you."

He was scared though. 

This was the first time she seem to be communicating with him, really communicating with him. He was scared that she might never be coming back to him, and even if she did, he was terrified that she would come back as a different person.

Yet, he must let her go. 

For now. 

She mumbled a goodnight and with her werewolf speed she was gone. 

Crazy. 

She wanted to get away from him that fast. 

It hurt.

Coming to terms with being his mate must be a really hard thing to adjust to. 

He understood but it still hurt. 

____

Zezi was determined not to cry no matter how overwhelmed she felt. Shutting the door behind her, she raced to her dressing table and started arranging it. 

Bottles at the back, frame to the left, or should the frames be to the right?

Wait. 

Maybe back to the left. 

She felt that if she kept her mind occupied with thoughts she might happen to figure this situation she had found herself caught up in along the way. 

Now that she knew she had feelings for him, what next?

There were many questions, and answers for these questions, she greatly lacked. 

Bottles to the left. Frames to the right. 

"Are you alright, Milady?" Someone said from the door as she rushed in. 

Gwen. 

"Silas is a stupi---" she paused, her frown having an underlay of sme halfway through her sentence. "Was. I'm so glad. I never liked him anyway."

Without asking, she took Zezi's hand and made her sit on the dressing chair while she started taking care of her cuts.

"He thinks he is close to the King and he would let him get away for anything just because he had been an immerse help in fighting the former King at the end of the Dark Times. Foolish man. They'll rot in their shabby graves." She snapped. 

It was surprising that her Mistress wasn't already hissing in pain. The cuts looked quick deep and been attacked with silver was painful for werewolves, but when she looked up at her Mistress, tears were already streaming down her face. 

Foolish Right Province Governor. 

She had never cried during her treatment before. 

Gwen wished she could kill him again.

"I'm sorry, I didn't know it would hurt so much. I will be gentler." Gwen said, rushing up the treatment. 

When she was done, her Mistress was even in a worse condition, hiccuping from the tears and Gwen had pulled her to her chest in consolation. 

"No wonder the King had sent me. You are in so much pain."

Did she just say the King?

More tears because why was this happening to her?


###chapter 113 - In The Pool
Gwen had been a great help. 

Although she had been comforting her for the wrong reasons, just having her there while she sobbed her heart out had made her feel better afterwards. 

Better enough to have a bath and change into her blue silk nightrobe with a thick brown robe over it, and wander off into the Castle's garden for some fresh air. 

It was ticking closer and closer to midnight and she still haven't found a way to feed the posion to him. As she played with the tiny bottle in her hand, though, there was a different thing on her mind, one that was totally not related to the bottle. 

What was next after finding out she had feelings for him.

Well, up till now, she hadn't figured it out and she had decided not to worry about it for now. She would just take things as they came. 

She was too wrapped up in her feelings tonight and so much had happened. She would make decisions when her head felt a little clearer. 

She took a look at the garden, the lights around and the way the moon above accentuated it all.

It was a wonder to behold. 

She had been here before, during one of Valerick's earlier dinner invites.

Her hatred for him then had been an inferno and she had been so blinded by it that she hadn't take note of this beauty and everything in it. 

The fountain, the flowers, the way the air felt light and free.

That night had also been the night she had gotten her first invite to the White Circle.

Zezi sighed.

She should take these walks some more, they felt refreshing. 

The further she went, the more things she discovered. 

By the Moon, there was a pool with little dim blue lights around it. 

The water was almost still and the star filled sky reflected in it. 

It reminded of Valerick mother's painting. 

All that was missing was the rain and it would be a complete representation, but there was just this earthy rain smell that was present so it felt complete nevertheless.

Feeling more at ease, Zezi wondered if she should go for a swim in the pool.

It was quiet and the water might help her think, maybe if she stayed here long enough, midnight would tick away so fast and the The White Circle wouldn't find her here. 

Casting a look at her nightrobe, Zezi took off the thick brown jacket, putting it aside. 

She would leave her nightgown on. It was short, to her midthigh. Besides, it was better to get it wet than to go in naked anyways.

The water was surprisingly warm. She had expected it to be cold but she liked it like this. 

She sighed in pleasure as she felt it moved beneath her nightgown. 

With this comfort, she could live in this pool forever.

How had she been in this Castle for so long and not know that there was a pool?!

She swarm to the other side, exploring and her soul almost left her body when she saw someone emerge from the water, water dripping down his hair and the little droplets on his face.

Valerick?

He looked back at her, confused for only a second, before he smiled. 

By the Moon, this vampire was a different kind of wonder under the moonlight.

Had he always been this glorious in whatever space and element he was found?

Was he always this perfect no matter the circumstances, no matter the situation or condition. 

Was he?!

"By the Blood, I'm surprised you are here." The smile was evident in his voice as much as it was radiant on his face. "I had thought I would have to wait longer."

What?!

No. 

She still needed her space.

"I wasn't---" her voice trailed off when she saw a fading cut across his cheek. It was very light, and if she didn't have such a good sight, she wouldn't have even seen it. "What is this?" She frowned, running her fingers across it. "Were you hurt? Did the Den do this to you?"

Valerick's cuts always healed in a flash. 

If he had been attacked and the fading cut could still be seen, Zezi was worried that the attack must have been a major one. 

"The Dens?" He chuckled. "No way." He grabbed her hand that had reached out to him instead, and checked it.

"Gwen took care of i--" she felt her back against one end of the pool and in a flash, she realized he was once again trapping her with his body. 

He must enjoy this. 

Always having her trapped beneath him.

"But it still hurt, doesn't it?"

His gaze was intent on the plastered cut on her hand and despite how much she just wanted to lie that it didn't, she enjoyed how his hand lingered on her skin, although not much of a fan of the the inferno it lit in her veins, that she as still trying to figure out what to do about it, but the peace that it somehow brought with it was something she wanted to hold on to. 

"Yes. Just a couple of days---"

"So many hours in pain." He cut her off sharply but his anger wasn't directed at her. "These cuts must be all over you." Then his gaze met hers, and he leaned down towards her. "Let me take the pain away. All of it."

Zezi gulped. 

He even seemed to have moved closer now but the more she looked at him, the more she felt that she was right where she needed to be.

Without a response, after waiting for a while, he started to let her go but she grabbed his hand immediately.

"Yes. Take it away."

And if she felt he was pushing into her personal space before, now he was about to make himself a home in it. 

His tongue was on her body, against every cut, her cuts sealings up, the pain dwindling away, as he muttered something about how sweet her blood tasted. 

She could feel his fangs scratch lightly against her skin at a point, and that had made her lose her battle against shutting her eyes from the pleasure that seeped into her. 

Closed they went and backwards, her head moved.

Why was his tongue so good?

She ached to touch him, but she gripped the end of the pool instead, biting her lips to stiffle a moan. 

When he held her other hand to take care of that too, though, he found a bottle in it. 

Her heart dropped and every form of pleasure she had felt so far morphed into fear at his question, as he rolled the small bottle inbetween his long fingers. 

"What is this?"


###chapter 114 - Some Nasty Content
Black eyes bored down at hers, waiting for a response and in that second, everything seemed to change. The water had grown unnaturally hot, the breeze strangely still and the scenery that held peace and gave her ease earlier just felt disturbing. 

Valerick's presence the root of all her problems.

After tossing the bottle from one hand to another, waiting for a response, while playing with it inbetween his fingers, he lost interest in waiting and decided to find out himself.

"It looks interesting." He muttered to himself.

He started screwing off the small iron lid of the bottle that looked tiny in his palms, and that was when she had done something she really shouldn't have had any business doing in the first place. 

Her hand shot to him and she seized the bottle, snapping it right out of his grip as swiftly as she could before tossing the content of the bottle straight to her throat in one gulp, not leaving one drop behind. Then she threw the bottle and it's lid behind her with force, into the garden, hoping with everything in her that it would just never be found.

Best for it to just disappear.

She bit back the grimace that wanted to take over her face at the taste of nasty content. 

Blinking, for a moment before the consequences of her action dawn on her.  

She had just poisoned herself. 

Great.

She had not been forced, no. 

She had taken it willing. 

She was poisoned.

Fantastic.

"What was that?" Valerick asked with an amsued smile, catching the sound of her speeding heart and hoping to help her relax. 

"Mine." Zezi said, quickly before he even fully completed his question.

She was dying right now. She was certainly already losing some of her vitals, she just knew it.

How long would it take for her to fall down and just die? Or drown?

How long would it take for her to lose it all actually?

If that had been made for the King of Vampires, the it would certainly kill her faster. 

How faster was what she didn't know.

"You sound really nervous and your heart, as much as I like to hear it beat, it's racing at a terrifying rate. I'm afraid you might lose it at this rate."

Could he just drop it?

"Well," she turned her attention back to him. "That is because it's a special kind of medicine."

He hummed, his gaze moving from her face below her, around her bosom.

His shift of attention made her aware, of the fact that her nightrobe was drenched and the thin silk material must be clinging to her body right now. 

"See this is only a coincidence, I still need my space and---"

Her voice trailed off and she sucked in a shaky breath, feeling his tongue flick over her stiff nipple, the only obstacle between her taut lust filled flesh and his tongue, her silk, wet nightrobe. 

Goose bumps laced her skin and she fought the urge to run her fingers over his wet abs, from snaking her hands around his neck, pulling him to her chest and have his lips against that part of her body he had just teased, this time, without her nightrobe standing in the way, in fact, she would prefer to have his tongue in more places that she could think of right now.

Ah!

The pain!

The pain that cut sharply through her body, made the pleasure die away and she shook her head. 

"That is the nastiest thing I have ever tasted." Valerick muttered with displeasure. "Why are you taking that?"

Zezi's heart jammed with fear.

Did he just lick the poison off her?

Her eyes went wide as she observed him. 

Would he fall down and die soon? Would he start feeling pain like she was, too? Would he figure out what it was?

Although they had told her it was a slow poison but would the little amount he had taken still affect him?!

Why had he licked that off her?!

He shouldn't have done that!

Why had he?

Just, why?!

"Are you sure that is good for your health."

It was not and it was not good for his health either.

"Are you sick, I will have the Physician take a look at you and recommend you something better and more effective than whatever this is." The look on Valerick's face showed that he certainly did not approve of it.

Of course, he would not. It was expected, being that, it was poison.

Again why had he licked it off her?! He should not have done that!

"No! I am not sick, I am fine."

Meeting a physician right now would just ruin everything and she knew Valerick, once he sets his mind on something, he would do it and ensure it was done. 

"Then why are you taking that?" He pressured, trying to find out if she was suffering from an illness that she was trying so hard to keep a secret from him.

"I need to go." She started swimming away but he blocked her path, a smirk playing on his face. 

He must have smelt her lust by now, there was no hiding that. What she hoped he wouldn't sense though was her pain, the one that was slowly crawling underneath her skin, making her feel like every part of her body was litting on a slow unpleasant flame. 

Valerick frowned, now getting worried.

Why we she acting this way? What was wrong? He could sense her nervousness and it was the kind that Zezi would usually exhibit.

Zezi started racing through her brain for any excuse that could justify all this once and for all. 

Something smooth. 

Something that couldn't be questioned.

She needed to get away from here without raising his supicions.

She needed the antidote fast.

She could almost feel something snapping painfully in her.

Yes, found one. 

"It's Gwen, she gave it to me. Some pregnancy enhancing medicine."

Many apologies, Gwen.

"Oh." Valerick couldn't hide his grin. 

"Yes. So can you let me go now?"

"That medicine is just not going work on its own, you know. It needs something to accompany it." He whispered, standing behind her. 

His words came to her like an echo, instead of how close it was, and she felt strength dripping from her, the water seeming to gain little more control on where her body swayed, than she had herself, but she suppressed it, fighting to remain in control.

"I have no plans to get pregnant." She snapped, looking back, more from pain than anger. "I only took that because I was really nervous."

That was the truth. 

At least, half of it. 

"Alright." He smiled, finding all this amusing.

Was the posion not affecting him at all? He looked perfectly alright and he sounded perfectly fine too, like he was enjoying everything without any slight discomfort.

"Goodnight, Zezi." He swam closer, the heat of his body emitting to hers, as he moved behind her and held her shoulders gently, the length of his member pressed against her back. "Dream of me."

"Goodnight, Valerick." Her breath was shaky for many reasons.

The minute he let go, she swam right out of the pool without looking back, grabbing her jacket and throwing it shabbily across her, once again using her wolf speed to get away from him. 

This time though, Valerick's heart did not hurt at the sight, instead he beamed in satisfaction, chuckling, as many mischievous thoughts held his mind in a willing hostage situation. 

His mind swayed back to the bottle and the taste of it's content.

He grimaced.

Nasty. 

But if that was a pregnancy enhancing medicine, would take have any effects on him?

What if he got pregnant?

Could that be possible even though only females did that. 

His frown deepened as he rushed out of the pool. 

He would have to read on that. 

___

It was harder to use her speed, her wolf weakening from the effect of the poison she had ingested as she headed to the library. 

She had to get the antidote of this fast.

She could taste her blood and she pulled the back of her palm against get her nostrils, the blood dropping from her hose had now turned from red to black. 

She pushed against the library door and as expected, the librarian's space was empty but in a flash, Lady Delice was by her side, helping her before she fell to the ground. 

"Ah--," she let out a sigh of relief. "Ain't I so glad to see your face."

"Lady Zezi, what is wrong? What did you--" she paused, catching the whiff of something before she realized what the King's mate had done. Quickly she carried her up in her arms like she weighed nothing

Zezi have laughed, flashing her a grin, her teeth stained with black blood, the same running down her nose. 

"I found a way." She said with a gasp, her voice barely a whisper. "I found a way to feed it to him."

((I'm really sorry about the recent lack of updates. My exams have been time consuming. Also, please follow me on Instagram @ at_imagination to make it easier to pass info like this. Thank you for your support so far, I really appreciate it.))



###chapter 115 - The Taste of Poisonous Aftermath
Zezi could barely stand the best morning, and when Gwen had busted in, bringing her food and wondering why her Mistress was so weak, she couldn't say anything.

Embarrassment had rushed through her when she threw in a wide guess that she had spent the night with the King, saying she caught a whiff of an aura that was powerful than her. 

Surprisingly, Gwen had not pushed the matter or ask for details. 

Not like she had ever done that before but Gwen sometimes acted like an excited teenager and it wasn't far-fetched that she could do something like that.

All in all, Zezi really appreciated less talking, her mind moved over how Lady Delice had brought her back here very early in the morning, saying that if she were to pass the night in her room while her room was perfectly fine, it might spike the King's interest. The least of the things they needed right now was for the King to be interested in whatever form of action they took. 

He was already hot on his trials of the dens, to the point that they had to halt all their meetings for now, till things would die down, hopefully.

Lady Delice had gotten the antidote from Lady Laura who had to come up with one as fast as she could, when she finally had no choice but to make it. She hadn't thought that it would be needed and she hadn't made one beforehand, although the White Circle had asked that it be done a long time ago. Something she assured them had already been done. 

All in all, Zezi had seen her life flash before her eyes last night, with her parents on the other side, their arms outstretched as they called her to come into the light.

She had almost died!

Whatever that thing was, it was really powerful. 

She would need a whole day in bed to recover and that was after drinking all the antidote Laura had made. 

The Princess had not been so happy with the disturbance lat night, she had been in the middle of something with her Ball of Sunshine, stepping out to them with heels, a robe over her and a whip in her other hand. She even had the nerves to ask if she could hold on to the effect of the poison for just a little longer, while they completed waht they were going at.

For once, in a very long time, Zezi had been hurt by her lose of speech. She had a lot of words to say to the Princess and her bearded goat. 

Words that up till now, she still hadn't been able to say, because she was just that weak.

"Should I make you more soup?" Gwen asked, no longer beaming with happiness that her Mistress was slowly accepting their King, but instead scared that she was sick.

Terribly sick. 

Zezi shook her head. 

Another smell of that soup and she just throw up. 

"You don't look so good, Milady." she moved from one feet to another. "I will inform the King of this at once."

Zezi's head moved to the side so fast, she felt something in her neck sharply readjust after a snap. 

"No, you won't!"

"But---"

"I'm fine."

"What if Silas had injected something in you during the fight. Your scent is weak."

"Can you just trust me on this one?"

Gwen shook her head instinctively before she nodded when Zezi had frowned at her action, then she sighed.

Why was her Mistress doing this?

Maybe she was in a state that she didn't wish the King seeing her in, because it was due to what Silas had done to her. 

Was she ashamed? 

But she shouldn't feel that way. None of what had happened was her fault.

Could it be something mental?

Her husband had a couple of times talked about the state of someone's mental health having such an effect. The one she wouldn't forget was the night their son had refuse to get out of  bed after his first rejection, and she had been panicking that their son had been struck down by some strange illness that might have no cure. 

"Will you let me stay with you then?"

"You have already done that." Zezi sighed, leaning back into bed before she looked right back at Gwen in understanding. "All day?! I can't let you do that."

"Then you must let me tell the King. Let me do something. I can't watch you like this. You look like you are dying."

Zezi chuckled. 

She was certainly exaggerating. 

Lady Delice had assured that the antidote would work but it will do a slow job and take a couple of hours before the poison is finally cleared out of her system. The amount she had taken being too much for her body and strength.

Zezi was glad it had numbed the pain first though. If not, she was sure the truth would have been out by now. 

She wouldn't even be able to speak.

Hoping that Gwen would just give up if she remained quiet, Zezi did just that, but the moment Gwen realized that her Mistress was intentionally stalling, she bowed her head and smiled.

"Thank you. I will tell him right away."

What?!

Did silence mean a couple of words here that she had no knowledge about.

"G--wen." She called and Gwen stopped. 

"What, Mistress? Is there any other thing you would like me to tell the King asides the crumbling state if your health?"

Zezi rolled her eyes, but the action in itself was too painful that she stopped midway. 

She couldn't be possibly dying, right?

It just wasn't true. 

"Fine." She gestured, waving her hand in defeat. "Stay with me."

Gwen giggled, bringing the dressing chair closer while she pulled out a book from nowhere. 

"My little bats wanted you to have this. It's a story they wrote together."

"Why?"

"It is a thank you for the stick figures we drew together. The drawing of my family."

Ah, that! She had completely forgotten about that.

"They liked it?"

"Very much."

Zezi took the book from her and flipped it open to the first page.

"There is a drawing of you."

Zezi wriggled her nose. 

"She can draw better than I can." At least, this drawing had a body to it.

Unlike hers.

Gwen chuckled, "She has a passion for it."

"Who is this though?"

"You, Milady."

Zezi bursted out in laughter, ignoring the pain in her stomach. 

No poison can stop her from having fun. 

No way!

That drawing looked nothing like her. 

But, alright.

"I look really beautiful. Express my gratitude to her and all of them." She said admist laughter, I will.

"Please don't tell them I found the drawing funny, I don't want to hurt their feelings."

"I must. They did it to make you laugh and it will only hurt them to think that it didn't."

That was surprising.

Zezi sighed. "Then tell them it lit up my day."

Gwen nodded, smiling herself.

Making her children happy must give her joy.

In that moment, Zezi missed her daughter.

Missed her so much. 

"Shall I read it to you, my Lady?"

"Yes, please."

Gwen cleared her throat and started.

"A long, long, long, long, long, longggggg, time ago."

"That is a lot of longs."

Gwen nodded, resting back in her seat. "Exactly."

"This will be interesting."

Gwen stiffed a giggled. 

"How would you know, Milady? You haven't even gotten to the best part yet."

Zezi smiled. 

Now, what exactly happened at the best part to make it, the best part.


###chapter 116 - Ask Me
The King hadn't dropped by yesterday, Zezi was very grateful about that. 

He was indeed giving her space.

Gwen had been right. 

She had looked like she was dying, because after she was done reading to her the story of Mr Meat and Mr Blood Meat, she needed to use the bathroom and had caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror. 

Needless to say, the sight was horrifying. 

Today though, she felt so much better. 

Looked so much better too.

Lady Delice had been right. 

Feeling as good as she felt, without any further delay, Zezi started putting her plan into motion.

Zezi had, had the time to think overnight, while she laid in bed like a weak vegetable and Gwen had sat down on the dressing chair, staring at her from across the room, refusing to go home and retire for the day. 

"What if something happens to you while I am not here to help."

When Zezi had persisted, Gwen had thrown in a threat. 

"Should I just tell the King so that he might stay with you?"

That had done it. 

They stayed in silence.

After that, Zezi had the time to think about what next to do with her feelings for Valerick.

She couldn't keep avoiding him. She couldn't lie to herself anymore that she felt nothing but hatred for him either. 

The option of blaming it all on the matebond was also out of question.

None of that would work, so she had to admit it to herself, once again, that it did exist. 

But what next?

Zezi had weighed the consequences of different scenarios in her head. 

What would happen if she just accepted him as her mate and lived the life he wanted her to live, rule by his side, as his Queen. 

Didn't that mean she would just be throwing away what had happened to her kind away like it never happened?

Wouldn't she be letting her kind down by doing that?

What about all the people that had died during the recent war he was with her people before the submission?

What about the suffering that her kind were going through right now? She had seen the agreement that was signed before she ran away from. The Capital. 

Her park was the most favoured because she had given herself up, yet, she needed what was expected from them every month would leave many living the lives of servitude.

What about the other packs?

What was he doing to them?

The fact that she didn't know made her fear the worse. If he had successfully kept it away from her, and never even once talked about it, there was a high chance that he was doing something he knew she would certainly never agree on to them.

So would her accepting the matebond be the end of her fight?

Would she just turn her back against everything and everyone because she found a better life? Because fate had been 'kind' to her and given her a better 'life'?

What would she feel if she was part of the rest, and someone else filling her position  had done that.

She mustn't forget that whatever he was with her, he was like that because a matebond existed between them. If the matebond wasn't there, he wouldn't even be half as kind. 

He gained his name for a reason, and no matter how much he tried to hide that with his cloak of kindness and sweetness, he was still the vampire that many feared because he was just violent and dangerous. 

She mustn't foget that. She mustn't forget want he was, what she was, what their differences meant in this world. 

He was the predator and she was the prey, these castle walls shouldn't fool her. 

Or maybe she was wrong, maybe she was overthinking this.

Besides, why think too much and assume, when she could just ask. 

Her hand rouse up to the door and she knocked against the wooden door, before she got a response.

"Come in."

She pushed the door open, slipping into his office. 

His scent flooded into her nostrils and she almost felt it knock her to knees and pull her away from her focus.

She would have easily blamed that on the matebond before but right now, she knew that was useless and untrue. 

He looked up from his pile of work, to her. 

He had caught on her scent when she came down to the hallway, having her blood along with their recent intimate action, strengthening the bond, allowing him to feel a little bit of her emotions.

Right now, she was feeling conflicted and he wondered why.

On top of it all, he was happy that she had come to him again. 

Truthfully, this giving her space thing was starting to tire him and it had only been just one day!

He had to bury himself in work for the day to be over as soon as possible and even then, he had been agonizingly aware of how slow the time was.

A smile snaked up his lips and he didn't fight it. 

Seeing her always made him happy. 

"You are here. Another coincidence?" He asked, leaning back into his seat and looking up at her, her emotions flashing in her eyes for him to see.

He had seen lust. 

That was certain.

"Are you busy?"

"Not anymore." He closed the files he had been looking through, and in a flash he was in front of her. 

She didn't seemed startled by how fast he moved, like she always did. She must be getting used to it.

Good.

"Valerick." She said, looking up at him.

If she noticed that he was once again trapping her against his desk, she didn't show it.

"Yes?"

"I have a couples of questions to ask you and I want you to answer me, truthfully."

He took a moment to access her, his body tensing ubderneath her warm palm, when he felt her running her hands over his shirt, up to his collar. 

He rested his hand at either sides of her, making her sit slightly at the edge of the table.

She was struggling to remain focused and her struggle only made him excited.

She wanted him bad. 

Whatever this question was, he would like to get it out of the way as fast as he could.

"What is it? Ask me."


###chapter 117 - Mine. Say It.
Zezi wanted to speak but her words vanished when she realized that her her nails that were raised to his collars were turning into claws.

She wasn't trying to shift. 

What was going----

Oh. 

It was werewolf's nature to show their wolves to their mate, almost immediately after they had found themselves, but since Zezi had been so against it at the beginning, the instinctive move had been so suppressed, until now. 

"Will you like to meet my wolf?" Her voice sounded more like growl.

Valerick's smile broadened and his eyes glimmered with plain excitement. 

Was this really happening?

He had made a lot of research about werewolves after finding out Zezi was his mate and he knew how significant this was. 

He barely agreed before her cloth had turn into shreds, he could hear every crack as fast as it came, every pop and replacement as quickly as it happened, before he knew it, his mate's human form had completely disappeared

All that stood in front of him was a silver wolf, with blue eyes. She was relatively huge for most wolves that he had seen. Reaching slightly above above his waist when he stood up straight, and that was to take into the fact that he was tall compared to many others.

She was magnificent. 

He was lucky. 

He went down on one knee, diving his hands into her soft fur and a purr of reassurance resonated through the wolf's chest.

Then his hands moved over her face, staring deep into deep into her blue eyes, they reminded him of the oceans in his mother's drawing, of the clear sky he craved to see those many years that he had been locked away and used by his father. It reminded him of the warmth of everything he longed for. 

Those eyes. 

He rested his forehead against hers. 

"Thank you for showing yourself to me. Thank you for coming to me." He paused, his hands slipped into her fur once again, grabbing a fistful in a gentle squeeze while he shut his eyes, as if he was struggling with something.

But it had been only for a moment before he opened his eyes again. 

A smile playing on his lips, he placed his hand at either sides of her face, her purring a reassurance to him that she enjoyed this.

"I love you, Zezi and I love you more, everyday."  

Something glinted in her wolf's eyes and she pulled her head away from his hands, diving it to the crook of his neck instead, her cold nose rubbing against his skin.

He pulled her closer, his hands reaching around her neck and holding her to him. 

That was acceptance. 

Her wolf had accepted him!

He had made research and found out that wolves had problems when they were mated to others that wasn't their kind, as the wolves would not have a partner in the other, that wasn't like them. There wasn't really much they could do against a fated bond but it was good to know that she accepted him, nevertheless.

It would hurt to have things otherwise. 

He was already having problems with Zezi herself and they were only recently coming around.

Soon enough, he didn't feel fur in his hands any longer, instead, there was body, warm beneath his touch...

...and naked, pressed against him. 

He pulled away slightly to see her face but she had tears glimmering in her eyes and before he got the chance to ask what was wrong, her lips had crashed against his. 

If he could breathe, that would have stolen his breath away. 

He pulled her closer to himself, pulled her away from the cold floor and more on his thighs as he slowly knelt down.

Her lips were soft against his and her kiss was slow, as if she was trying to unravel herself to him slowly, communicating things to him that words would never be able to do justice to. He kissed her back at the same pace, taking it all in, his palm pressed against her back and the other drawing mindless circles on her thigh.

She pulled away shortly after, pressing her forehead against his, her eyelids shut but he looked up at her, watching the dark shadows that her eyelashes had casted upon the upper part of her cheeks, trying to figure out what emotion was running through her.

They were too many, he became overwhelmed. He couldn't figure out the one that took the main control. 

When she opened her eyes again, they were now blue. 

She stood up slowly, curling his black tie in her hands, making him follow her.

"Zezi." He managed to say, confused by what was going on.

Was she the one acting right now or was it her wolf?

Were they even that different?

She lead him to his desk, pushing him slightly against it, till he was seated. His eyes swayed down her naked body, and he groaned, his fists holding the edge of the desk in a tight grip before his eyes move to the door and a painful realization hit him. 

That door wasn't locked. 

It was closed, not locked.

His hand moved to his chest, unbuttoning his shirt, and wanting to throw it over her, but she hopped on the desk, sitting over his thighs and with slow, deliberate movement, she slid over his bulge, grinding against it. 

His voice came out in a quiver, his shirt that was still in his hand, slipping away from his hold. His hands shot to her waist in a bid to pull her away and ensure she was in control of herself , but he had been too weak to actually do anything, that his hands had just remained there and he had thrown his head back when he felt her kissing his neck.

"Mine." Her voice was a little hoarse from her building lust and her tug on his hair became stronger, to the point of pain.

He groaned, feeling himself surrender more to her despite his fight to stay in control. It was the first time power had been taken away from him like this.

He resisted, he pushed, he fought but the more she mumbled the word and pressed it into the pores of his skin that he was hers, the more she claimed him, the more he felt powerless against it. 

Consumed by it.

A surrender.

"Yours." His voice almost sounded breathless, he felt something grip him, then his hands clung on her waist, his claws digging slightly into her flesh that she let out a muffled groan and a hiss, something flashed in her eyes as she watched the black zig zag lines appear on his face, his eyes turning into black pools, the power shifting from her.

It was way too easy to turn her around and slip himself in-between her thighs, his eyes lustfully feeding on her body. She felt high on having his attention like this.

Those eyes as dark as the night.

He pressed himself against her, if it were possible they would have dissolve into one by now.

She left out short pants and gripped tighter against his silky hair. 

"Mine. You. All of You."

Her eyelids flutter shut and she found herself trying hard to grind against him instead as her other hand slid around his waist, pressing him to herself as much as she could. 

"Say it." He groaned, his voice low, dominating. "Mine. Say that you are mine."

But her eyelids were firmly shut and her grinding against him became desperate.

He slipped his hand down her thighs, and draw long strokes against her, in-between her folds, against her clit with light pressure. 

Her eyelids shot open, her lips parted in a silent gasp before she bit down on her bottom lip and she choked out a moan, nodding her head vigorously.

"Mine." He ordered again but she refused and he pulled away. 

With the space that had now been created between them, with his withdrawal, she quickly slid her finger inbetween her fold to replace him, scared to lose her building euphoria, but he pulled her hand away and she quivered beneath him with an unsatisfied cry.

"Please," it was short and rapid, as if she didn't have enough breath to even complete the word. "Please, Valerick."

"Mine, say it." 

Her hand wrapped around his wrist, pulling him back inbetween her thighs, down to her core, already missing his touch.

Tears in her eyes from how good this was. 

...and how much she didn't want to lose it.

"Yours." She said with a muffled main while she nodded and look right up at him. "Me. All of me. Yours."

That had sealed the deal, his pace had increased and she rocked against his hand, his face buried into the croak of her neck, as he took her in till she quivered against him and reached her peak, moaning into his ears.

But that wasn't all, her teeth sucked into the flesh of his neck, marking him and in response, his teeth sank into hers, doing the same.

Now she was his. 

Blood. 

Soul.

And Body. 

As much as he was hers.


###chapter 118 - Big Complications
"You passed out."

The first three words she heard after she opened her eyes. Valerick was sitting by her side and staring down at her like she was a piece of art that was threatening to crumble at any second. 

She sighed turning away to get some sleep. What was he doing in her room? Why was he waking her up?

The aura that pushed itself into her lungs as she moved within the sheets, made her body tingle, worry rushed into her and consumed her mind but she was not worried, why was she feeling---

She shot up from bed, holding the sheets to her body as the memory of yesterday rushed through her mind. 

Her heart thundered and she fixed Valerick a scrutinizing gaze, one that zeroed in quickly on his neck to confirm if her memory was real or it had been tampered it. 

She gulped when she caught the sight of the mark that he was making no attempt to hide, and her inside recoiled in the realization that for the first time, her wolf had made a big step that she hadn't consented to. 

Her wolf had marked him. 

He brushed his hand over the mark, feeling a little nervous at her scrutinizing and her overwhelming emotions hitting him like a trainwreck. 

She straightened up, closing her eyes briefly from the sensation that crossed through her at his action. A shaky breath let itself slip past her lips and she started attempting to get off the bed when she realized that this wasn't her room. 

The blue color was calming and very familiar.

Ah, by the Moon, what else had her wolf done with him? 

All she knew was that she had gone to the office to ask him some questions and her wolf had pulled her back, and kept her in the back of her mind. She could remember wavering in, but her emotions were consumed by her wolf's own. 

Or were they hers?

Ah, everything was so confusing!

Why had her wolf marked him when she was still contemplating her next step? When she wasn't even sure. 

Her wolf had never done that before. 

It felt strange and she felt that there would have been a very good reason for that. 

The hands that came on her bare shoulders were warm and she relaxed into his touch before she could even stop herself. 

Then he was leading her to the bed, and she was gasping and curling her toes, from how overwhelming her desire hit her. It didn't take her long to discover that the emotions sweeping in her just weren't her own, but Valerick's own too. 

This mark had just connected them in a way that was going to affect everything. 

What about her plans with the White Circle?

"You passed out." He said again and pulled away like her skin was lava. Definitely to fight down his own desire to take her at that very moment. 

The mate bond hadn't been completed yet and until that would happen, their emotions would be highly heightened in an unbalanced way. 

"That shouldn't have happened but it appeared your body was weak from some kind of illness." He said, settling down next to her, simply because he couldn't find the strength to pull away for too long. 

He had been worried right from the time it had happened. How her body had gone limp in his hand, the fear that had rushed through him, and his sleepless night that had been filled with nothing but dreadful worry. 

Was she sick?

Werewolves were hardly sick but could it be a terminal illness she was hiding from him?

If that was the situation, he might have to turn her, and he would have to make her see the reasons. 

He had just started making progress with her, why should he lose her so soon when they were supposed to have a lifetime together?

He watched her as she folded her arms protectively around her at the word "illness" and his dead heart sank. 

By the Blood, no. 

Zezi bit her lower lip, trying hard not to react to any of this, as she put all her effort into blocking the emotional link between them. Having a fated mate was so much different than having a chosen one, this experience was all so new to her. 

About her passing out, was it the effect of the poison?

Had Delice not said it would completely leave her system?

She would have to ask her and Laura about this later, since the Physician had not been involved in checking her, then she could relax for now. 

It was a wonder that Valerick hadn't gotten the Physician to do that but that must just mean that luck was really on her side. 

At that moment, she observed that she had his shirt on instead of the gown she had worn to his office yesterday.

Understandable, since shifting into her wolf, had torn her cloth into shreds. 

She liked the feel of the soft fabric against her skin and Valerick's aura that hung onto it.

A smile crossed her face at her undeniable pleasure. 

She might not have been in on the marking, but a big part of her was certainly pleased, while the other small part was confused, but there was no anger and as much as wanted to convince herself that there was, there was no regret. 

It felt right. 

"So I had the Physician check you." 

Her widen eyes moved to him. 

"You what?!" She croaked out.

If the Physician had checked her, and the poison was still lingering in her veins then he would be able to find that out. The results would be delivered to Valerick and he would find out everything about the poison. 

It would be easy for him to put two and two together and find out that she was after him.

The whole act of pretending that it was a pregnancy medicine from Gwen would quickly be realized to be just that, an act.

This was doom. 

She was doomed. 

Why was every day getting more complicated than the day before?

Why was nothing going as planned?

###chapter 119 - Play It Cool
Play it cool.

She had to play it cool or he would discover that something was wrong. 

"I had the physician check on you? You can't blame me for that, Zezi. You passed out right after getting my mark. I was worried. That wasn't supposed to happen and it did. We were supposed to complete the bonding process and I wasn't---" his voice quivered slightly, and she felt the fear rushed through her, crossing through her veins like that was where it was supposed to be, before it was shut down immediately. 

He was trying to hide his emotions from her, that gave her conflicting feelings.

Although she was sure about the fact that it had been overwhelming. She had gotten a taste of how it felt to share a bond with him before, some months ago when he had fed her his blood but this was different. 

This was stronger and deeper than anything she had ever felt. 

The gap in-between them felt like it had been bridged, and there was no way to describe their emotional connection at this point. 

It all felt so new.

"I was scared that I had seized your soul." His eyebrows furrowed and he brushed his hand over her hair, an action she caught herself closing her eyes briefly to. Everything he had, everything, had some irresistible effect on her. 

Was this how she would keep feeling toward him?

Funny that she had thought he was hard to fight before, this was worse.

This had her weak in the knees. 

This had her vulnerable. 

This had her longing for him. 

Connected. So connected. Too connected. 

Zezi was certain that there was possibly no connection that existed beyond this. 

"I thought I killed you."

That wasn't funny at all, but she chuckled and he blinked at her, confused. 

The worry about him having a Physician check her seeped away, all she could feel right now was the peace of being around him.

She loved the smell of rain he carried with him, the aura completely comforting. 

Her mind was working up a different plan and her heart was going against it. 

This might just be her toughest battle yet and that was coming from a War General.

"I'm your mate. Marking me cannot kill me." She shrugged, pinching his cheeks and falling back into his bed. 

Now, where was control? She needed it right about now. 

"I was also worried about---" he trailed off, sighing, then he stood up and tilted his head to a side. "You marked me, right?" 

"My wolf did." The words slipped past her lips, she wasn't going to start sugarcoating words for him. Her mind was all over the place and she wasn't going to put her head through more stress just to give him a suitable lie. 

Besides, she didn't want to lie to him. 

It didn't seem right.

His shoulders slumped as he leaned against the wall. 

What was that supposed to mean?

That she didn't want him still?

That it was only her wolf that wanted him?

That her wolf had forced her to take his mark?

It was just her instinctive, beastly side that wanted them closer?

By the Blood, had they even made any progress at all?

He had waited because he wanted to be sure that when they would mark each other, it would be because they both wanted it. 

Not because fate had put them together but because they chose each other too. 

He had been waiting for her to choose him and when she had dug her canines into his flesh, he had believed that had happened but now, it seemed things had gone wrong. 

Earlier when she had referred to herself as his mate, he had thought all was well but this?

Had he waited for nothing?

She stood up from his bed and walked to him, her fingers trailing up his sleeves making him freeze at the spot as he searched her eyes to know what was going on in her head. 

She was blocking off her emotions and that had only made him feel more on edge. 

His mate wasn't even that comfortable to not be on guard around him. 

He lacked her trust. 

Although, he was doing the same, he was doing that to get real answers from her and not ones influenced by pity for him, that was even if she could even feel that towards him.

Her fingers finally trailed around the mark and he shut his eyes at the pleasure that brought him. His gum ached as his fangs fought to emerge and sink themselves into her flash again. To taste that liquid that drove him wild. 

It was hard to stand still while her fingers lit his skin on fire. 

"I'm not complaining." Her eyes were unfocused, her actions affecting her too. 

"I think she did it because she knew I wanted it too. I guess I am not as bold as I think I am sometimes."

She pulled her hands away from him and he whimpered at the lack of touch, the sound foreign to him right after it made it past his lips. 

He straightened up, standing tall and firm. 

This female was always seizing every opportunity to bring him down to his knees, making him weak and vulnerable, and every time, she would succeed. 

When the silence lingered for too long, she threw in a question.

"When should I return your shirt?"

"Keep it." He shrugged. 

"Al--right," she pulled the fabric closer to her body.

She had no intention to return it anyways. 

"Well, I have to leave and go back to my room."

He chuckled, walked past her, and fell into bed, her scent was strong here. 

He loved it.

He could have just moved closer to the source but that would have led to something else, and he didn't want to rush things. Despite her show, he had sensed that she was still taking this in slowly.

"You are already in our room."

She squinted her eyes at him, an argument forming in her head, right on the tip of her tongue when he was suddenly in front of her, his tongue slithering lightly against his mark on her, an action that made her too weak to stand on her own, but his hand anchored around her waist came of good aid. Her fists wrapped tightly around his shirt, while she unsuccessfully bit back a sound of pleasure.

He chuckled lowly at her struggle, one day she would finally give in completely. 

Valerick knew that although she had promised him a fair chance, she was still fighting.

Stubborn.

That was what she was.

It thrilled him.

"Fine. Leave. Just know that wherever you go, I'm going there with you." 

###chapter 120 - Secret Issues?
Valerick was right. 

There was no use switching around and moving to her room, the main reason she had wanted to go would still follow her there.

Him. 

He might even be waiting for her in the room by the time she would get there. It wouldn't be surprising to see that he had already settled in too. 

The King loved a challenge and she would be damned if she gave him something to be excited about him right now. 

Her mind was too jumbled up with the feelings that were taking turns with her heart, some were not even patient enough to wait for the other and they overwhelmed her. 

Her fist around his shirt tightened when she realized that her back had been pressed against the wall, there was a boyish grin on his face and his voice was low when he spoke. 

"I like your messy morning hair."

She let go of him instinctively, trying to use her fingers to comb her hair, then he took a step back, his gaze zeroing in on his mark on her neck. 

"We have a lot to talk about." His voice was oddly firm, and the way his eyes try to refocus on her face made it seem like he was pulling himself out of a thought that he believed it wasn't wise for him to indulge in at the moment. 

She folded her arms across her, waiting for what next he had to say. She would have said something if she even had the strength to, if her brain hadn't turned to jelly by his earlier actions so that she would at least have something to think with.

Then she would have said something. 

"How fast do you want the Joining ceremony?"

Her heart dropped and her brain moved away from the jelly position straight into something she could actually make use of. 

"Like the one for the Princess?"

"Yes. What do you say, a week's time?"

Joining Ceremony?!

No way?!

"I thought the bond was supposed to be completed before that."

He flashed her a devilish grin. 

"It will be. From the looks of things, you might even be the one to take me to bed."

He was teasing her, she knew it, yet goosebumps had pooled at her skin and she had been forced to shut down the link between them so he wouldn't be able to sense the way excitement rushed to her core, but a werewolf could only try so hard. 

Her racing heart was giving away the sexually graphic thoughts that took over her mind, and the aura that seeped from her, she believed, wasn't helping to hide it.

He took in a deep breath and when he opened his eyes, the glint in those orbs, was dangerous.

His hands toyed around with a button on his shirt. 

"Should I strip for you, my Queen?"

Queen?

She hadn't even been crowned yet?

Why was she even thinking that? As if she would ever become Queen of the vampires?

"Don't be ridiculous." She rolled her eyes, walking past him and straight to the bed. 

This was hard. 

It was certainly because they hadn't mated yet. Now that they have marked each other, their emotions would be excessively heightened till the last act of the process was done. 

Having a real mate was a hassle. 

One that she wanted to desperately believe she hated but one part of her mind, the part that was growing bigger and bigger by the second, knew that she loved the piece of work that he was. 

The sound of his laughter pulled her back to the present. When her gaze fell on him, he was trying his best to feign shyness, rubbing a hand behind his neck. 

"You sneaky thief." His voice held an edge of playfulness.

She threw him a questioning eyebrow, suppressing every instinct that wanted to make her go there and put his mouth to more use that would be pleasurable for both of them. 

"You want to steal my virginity already." He sighed, pretending to be defeated and accepting it with a nod. "Alright, I will come to bed."

Her eyes widened the first step he took and she jumped up from bed immediately, he laughed at her reaction and her emotions tipped towards more of embarrassment than rage. 

What was wrong with him?

Why was he being so playful?

Did he hit his head or something?

"I'm sorry." He cleared his throat, realizing that she wasn't giving in to the humour. He just wanted to lighten up her mood, seeing that the mate bond was settling roughly with her, but it didn't seem to have worked. 

As for him, he was having no problems with the mate bond. He liked how it hummed in his veins and the fact that she had admitted that her wolf had done it because she had wanted it too had made him stop feeling terrible.

"However you want it, tell me."

"I'm not having sex with you," she blurted.

"Ouch." He feigned a hurt expression, although that had been sincerely painful to hear.

"Not yet." She mumbled, feeling the urge to comfort him. 

"That holds promise. I was talking about the ceremony though. The crowning will happen when you want it. This is not like my sister's ceremony. It is more elaborate and there will be more crowd. You are right, the ceremony cannot take place till the Mating process had been completed." He stepped forward and she wanted to move back but the irresistible urge to breathe in his rain scent made her stand still and look straight at him. 

His hand brushed lightly against her shoulder as he pulled up his shirt she had on, to cover the exposed part of her shoulder. 

"Whenever you are ready."

With a stillness, he stepped back. 

"I have a meeting to attend. I will see you once the meeting is over. I'm guessing you will be needing company and help. The Physician advised that you take a lot of re---" his voice trailed off at the fear that flooded into his veins at the mention of the word 'physician'. 

The fear wasn't his and he couldn't suppress his worry and wait for her to speak anymore. The fact that she had quickly shut down their link after that even made him more worried. 

Giving her a thoughtful expression, he asked, "Is there something you want to tell me, Zezi?"

"Wh--at?"

"Tell me."

"What?"

"You are afraid. Anytime I mention the Physician, your fear seeps right through my veins. Tell me please, are you sick, is there something wrong? By the Blood tell me. Please."

"I'm fine. You worry over nothing." She shrugged it off and stepped away, feeling a need to put more space in between them in order to keep her secret.

He was searching through their bond and he was finding nothing.

Nothing that was everything.

This was a form of vulnerability she wasn't used to. Would she ever get used to this kind of closeness she had with him?

"Fine, I guess the Physician will just have to tell me himself."

"Where are going?"

With his hand on the doorknob, his eyes filled with determination and a cocky smirk on his lips, he said, "Where do you think?"

Oh no. 


###chapter 121 - Over The Moon
She should have raced after him, having only his shirt on as she was, but that would have led to only more problems for her, his suspicions would increase and there would be no excuse that she would be able to give, that would stop him from finding out what it was that she was desperately hiding from him. 

So she didn't follow him, instead, she tried to get ready as quickly as possible and look for Lady Delice. 

She needed to tell her everything, perhaps she would find a way around it. She was, after all, the Royal Adviser, she should be able to put that super vampire brain of hers to some use. 

Going after Lady Delice wasn't easy, and stepping out of the room was where the difficulty lay. 

Zezi had completely forgotten that Valerick said he would send her someone to help and keep her company.

Gwen didn't hide her excitement when she saw the mark, neither did she try to restrain herself from talking about how the association she had created would be over the moon with the news, how she would tell her little bats about their new Queen and her husband that he was right. 

She had curtsied, addressing her as Queen, her excitement plain to see. 

"Who marked who first?" She asked, adding another filled plate on the table, right after she had refused to let her Mistress out and insisted that she must eat instead.

"King's orders," she had said.

Oh, those two magic words!

One look at the table and Zezi could see her agenda. She didn't even complain and gulp down the soup greedily. 

She was so hungry. 

How was it possible for her to be this hungry?

"It is so good to watch you finish it, my Queen. Drinking my soup like this. It is promising." She smiled, squealing like a schoolgirl before she moved to the trolley as fast as possible. "More, your Majesty?"

"Please stop this." She groaned, standing up as she brushed her hands over the invisible creases on her gown. 

Valerick had not been joking when he said this was their room now. 

Most of her things had been moved here, there were even some things that she didn't see before in her wardrobe.

New dresses and plenty of other beautiful accessories. 

She would have reacted differently to this, if only her situation had been different. 

A female that really wanted him and wasn't so caught up in the mess that she was in, would be over the moon right now. 

He was sweet. Honestly, she couldn't deny that, but he was sweet to her. 

Last time she checked, he wasn't sweet to her kind. 

"Fine." She shrugged, not angry at all. "One at a time. We will get there, Milady. We will."

Zezi frowned, it was puzzling to see someone being so happy over another's relationship. She wondered briefly how this so-called association would react and a smile found its way to her lips.

If there was a group of people that were rooting for her mate and her to end up in blissful harmony, well then, that was heartwarming.

She shook her head, remembering the situation she was in right now. 

If it had been before, she would have easily blamed her swaying on the mate bond but after her wolf had claimed her mate, she knew she was the problem. 

Someway, somehow, it had happened.

She had developed feelings for him. 

Now she had to figure out how to handle this. 

What next to do. 

Who knew that taking a next step could warrant this strenuous thinking?

"Is there anything else that--"

"No, you can retire for the day, Gwen."

"Hmmm, the King said you needed company---"

"I'm fine. I will be with Lady Delice."

She gasped lightly. "You are now really close with Lady Delice!" Another squeal. "You have found perfect friendship, Milady." She curtsied again. "My Queen."

All these relationships, she didn't know what to do with them. 

She didn't want to have them yet, they were happening and she couldn't do anything about it. 

An example of her helplessness was standing in front of her, curtsying.

What was she going to do with her?

"I haven't even been crowned yet." Zezi protested.

Gwen looked up at her Mistress, then looked around the room, as if to ensure that they didn't have company, then she hurried back to her trolley and brought out something from the bottom. 

Her yellow flowery dress seemed to reflect the excited mood that she was in. 

Zezi wondered briefly if she picked the dresses based on her mood. She remembered when she had first arrived at the castle, and Gwen had worn a long-sleeved dress with a dark shade color for the first time, that was after she had ran into the hallway at the moment the King had been seizing a vampire's soul.

He had punished her back then, Zezi was certain, but it didn't look like he had done it to her again. 

Zezi could remember a couple of times she had disobeyed him after that incident and she didn't think there was a time that Gwen came with those kinds of scars again. At least not after that threat she made to him. 

Remembering that now felt humorous. 

She stared intently at Gwen trying to see if she had any scars, or even the faint signs of them but she found mine. 

"Here." Gwen tucked something into her hands.

"What is it?" Zezi asked with a hint of a smile.

Why was she smiling?

Why was so damn happy that she was smiling at everything?!

This was insane. 

"A gift," Gwen whispered.

"From your kids?"

She shook her head instantly, placing a hand over her lips as she tried to hide a blush.

"Me."

"You?"

She nodded, pointing a finger at Zezi and then at her as she spoke. "Woman to woman."

Oh no. 

This had better not be what she was thinking. 

"Don't open it till I leave, Milady. You should see what is in it alone."

"Uhn."

Or maybe it wasn't what she was thinking.

Gwen giggled and in no time she was rolling her trolley out of the room. She had used her speed? That was rare. 

The moment the door slammed shut, she tore the wrapper open, only to be confronted by the sight of lingerie sets.

Different colors...

...and transparent?!

Never had Zezi seen an item of clothing as transparent as this. 

In fact, she might as well be naked. 

Ah, this Gwen.

What would she do with her?

###chapter 122 - Miscalculated
Before Delice saw the mark, she had already caught on to the scent since Lady Zezi came into the hallway and her head hug slightly in submission. 

An action she had done instinctively.

Her gaze shifted when Zezi grabbed her hand with urgency, and ushered them into her room that she had just been coming out from. 

"He knows I am weak. He told the Physician to look at me while I was passed out. He will find out everything. Tell me you have a solution."

The words poured out of her mouth the moment they were in Lady Delice's room.

"You bare his mark." She sounded like she was in a daze, her hand reaching up slowly to the bite marks that had more significance in them than meets the eyes. 

Once upon a time, she had wanted those to design her neck.

Although, for a while now, she had been able to convince herself that she didn't want that anymore, but that surge that she had always felt stirred through her again, and although she fought hard to suppress it, jealousy tasted bitter on her tongue, till she shoved it away and reminded herself that the best way to love him was what she was already doing. 

From a distance, saving him from a darkness that was threatening to consume him. 

Many had said that her emotions were affected because he was her Sire, that what she felt for him stemmed from the fact that he had turned her when they were both too young and she had been the first creature he had turned.

It had been too raw.

Control had been found lacking. 

Everything was too crude and had led to a messy result.

"You reek of the king," she bowed slightly again, then raised her gaze of concern to her promised future Queen. "This is not good."

Zezi's nose flared, angry that her Mate's claim on her was receiving a negative comment.

"Did you even hear anything that I have just said, Lady Deli---"

"Have you done it yet?"

She knew what she meant and she shifted from one foot to another uncomfortably, looking at the dully painted room.

The shades sparked no life and Zezi wondered if that had anything to do with the loss of her child. That thought made her think of her daughter and she pulled her arms around her, missing the feeling of those tiny hands that should be there instead.

She missed her family. 

Although, she had to admit, what she used to feel for George was gone. Now, she just cared about him, nothing more. 

She would have loved to hold the bond responsible, but she had come too far to know that, that wasn't really something the bond could control. 

It was all her emotions at work. 

They were messing with her.

"No."

Lady Delice's sigh of relief could be heard from across the room, although it was very silent. Her super-enhanced hearing, is one of the advantages of allowing him to mark her. It was only a little enhanced than normal though, if the bond is completed, she would have more perks. Be healed faster and have less reaction to silver. 

During the bonding, the mates would usually share their strengths and be stronger together, but her wolf was weaker compared to the vampire and all her wolf was doing right now was taking from him, she wasn't really giving him anything back through the bond, except filling all where she was lacking.

When it came to the bond, their relationship felt parasitical. 

"Still not good." Lady Delice managed a calming smile but Zezi knew her more than that. 

No matter how she wanted to fight it, she had come to know her more than just the surface within these past months, know her to the point that they almost felt like friends. 

"The fact that he had the Physician look at me? Yes, Lady Delice. It is obvious that it is bad."

"The King did that?!" Her voice caved into shock and her eyes widened slightly before she moved quickly to her dressing table and gulped down something in the goblet that had been placed on it a while ago.

The slight metallic whiff in the air made it obvious that the liquid was blood. 

It was unnerving to watch her move so quickly.

It was an unusual sight. 

"The physician is very good. He will detect the poison in your veins, Lady Zezi."

Zezi nodded. "Well, the Princess said--"

"She meant only if you were not checked through any medical process, pardon my intrusion." She added when she caught the glare that knitted slowly on her face. 

"It's fine." Zezi shrugged, leaning casually against the wall. 

She didn't find a way to dismiss Gwen and go through the trouble of promising to wear her gift, while avoiding a bloodoath on that with a lot of stress, only to come here and argue about her interrupting her speech.

Why was everything making her angry?

Her wolf must be shifting into her new position as Queen. Her animalistic side ready to take on nature's natural demands. 

By the Moon, this would be difficulty to juggle. 

"The King mustn't see the test result. You have to prevent it by all means necessary, Lady Zezi."

Great. 

So she will have to be the one to do the work and here she was, thinking there would be an easier way out.

Zezi shrugged it off, moving on to the next thing. She had met the Physical before coming here, the test result was not out yet and it would take a couple of hours. 

For once, the moon was on her side.  She didn't have time for this.

"You were worried about another thing?" Zezi urged her to speak and Lady Delice nodded. 

"Should I get you anything? Tea? Water?"

"Please, don't stall, Lady Delice. Tell me."

She nodded gently, and the aura became unnerving calm. 

"We were hoping that you would be able to carry out the mission without following your instincts regarding him."

We, the White Circle. 

Him, her mate. 

Instincts, marking and mating him.

How was that even possible?!

If the way she had found to feed the poison was him licking it off her, how would the risk of that happening not be one that was calculated? 

She had calculated the risk though, her calculations had just been off, that was all. She had deceived herself into believing that she would still be able to be in control despite everything.

Now, she knew that was nothing but a big lie. 

"Why?"

Lady Delice's eyes danced with worry. 

"It is an elimination, Lady Zezi."

"I know that."

"He is your mate." She emphasized the word 'mate' and Zezi nodded, understanding what she was implying.

She still remembered when some of their capital members had died at the battle, some of their mates in the pack had died, while the others had been thrown into eternal depression.

If Valerick was to die, she would suffer the same fate. 

She was banking on eternal depression though. She would rather be alive than dead. If she was alive, they could, by some miracle, find a remedy for her situation, even if that had never been done before. Still, if she was dead, that would be the end. 

"You will die, Lady Zezi."

Zezi scoffed. 

"That is not certain."

"But, it is. The King is a soul seizer. His soul is greatly lacking, there is a void that refused to be filled within him before and now that he has marked you, you've filled his void to a great extent. You are way too connected to not die when he does."

Zezi took in a shaky breath and looked around.

"Lady Laura warned me not to tell you."

That bitch. 

"But I believe you deserve to know."

Zezi nodded. 

"I guess I already knew. I was just in denial. How about you just kill me then? Saves us all the stress, don't you think, Lady Delice?"


###chapter 123 - Possibilities and A Date
"If we were to kill you, Lady Zezi and that is if," Delice said calmly, emphasizing the massive impossibility of that. 

With the mark of the King that she now carried, it would be easier for him to sense if she was in any kind of danger way faster than before. 

"Do you really think your death would kill the King or make him sink into eternal depression? His Majesty would be out for blood. His grief will not be a quiet one." Her voice trembled and the look in her eyes showed that she remembered something that she didn't want to. Maybe it had to do with the war during the Dark Times. 

Valerick had fought his father to end it, they must have seen him at his most feral state during the battle.

With the way her face looked extra pale and the way she gulped down the rest of the blood in the goblet, Zezi was sure that would be something she didn't want to experience.

"Also, you might not know this but I do not want to lose my friend. I will have no one to visit my son's grave with if you are gone."

Zezi let out a dry chuckle. If the poison worked on the King as they planned, she would be gone anyways. So, what was she saying? 

"I mean not so soon."

She chuckled again.

Could Lady Delice just stop growing on her already?!

"You can always go with the Princess." She said with a wink and Delice cringed. 

"By the Blood, please, no"

Get out of that toxic friendship. 

She wanted to say but she knew Lady Delice would say their friendship was a special one.

Back to the idea of killing the King, Zezi didn't find herself as committed to the course as she used to be. 

Truthfully, she no longer hated him to the point that she would lay down her life just to ensure that he would cease to exist. 

That was another thing, she no longer wanted to die.

"You are sure that poisoning him will kill him?" She asked absentmindedly.

So many things had changed. 

It was getting harder and harder to reach a decision and commit to it. Valerick stayed at the back of her mind like a thought she could never get rid of. 

It was starting to feel like she wasn't trying hard enough to, truthfully, she really didn't want to get rid of him just yet.

"It should."

Zezi looked around the simple room and back to Lady Delice who looked back at her with a glimmer of doubt in her eyes. 

"Are you sure?"

She gulped, walking away to drop the goblet on the dressing table.

It wasn't really assuring to see her like this, she was usually calm and collected... and sure. 

But right now, she wasn't.

"We didn't really have anyone like him to test it on but---"

So... they were not sure?!

How fantastic.

Zezi chuckled, although there were so many things that she was thinking about at that moment, many things that she didn't find funny at all. 

She opened her mouth to speak but a knock came at the door and they froze. 

Zezi's heart skipped a beat as she took in a deep breath, trying to figure out if Valerick was the one behind that door. 

The walls of this castle were soundproof, just like the doors but if Valerick had been the one standing behind that door, things would be different. 

It wasn't him though and she let out a sigh of relief. Although she would have sensed it if it was him, but she was afraid that she was too wrapped up in the conversation to have observed that, besides, she was still finding it hard to adjust to this fated mate thing and the "perks" that came with it.

Lady Delice attended to the guard at the door, they spoke shortly and she was back once again. 

Her aura was filled with calmness, an overwhelming one, she was trying to hide something, Zezi could just sense it. 

Which she wouldn't have been able to do before. 

It all reminded her of that time Valerick had fed her his blood to heal her. If the bond worked as well as the blood did, then the impossibility of killing her to get to him just doubled.

For that moment, she felt untouchable.

Powerful.

"Is everything alright?" Zezi asked her and Lady Delice appeared startled by her voice before she smiled calmly at her again. 

"His Majesty called for a meeting."

Zezi shrugged. 

That was normal, she was after all his Royal Adviser.

"Right now?" She knew she wasn't invited, she wanted to believe that she wasn't mad at that but something curled painfully in her stomach and her wolf's anger weighed heavily in her heart. 

Ever since that mark, her wolf had been more active than passive, different from the way she used to be.

"In about twenty minutes."

"Alright then." She clicked her tongue against the roof of her mouth. "I have to see him before then." She said as she headed to the door but Lady Delice's voice stopped her. 

"What for?"

What did she just say?

What for?!

WHAT FOR?!

A growl tumbled in her chest and she turned back to look at her, blue flashing in her eyes. 

"I will see my mate any damn time I like and I don't have to report to you." She snapped, her grip hard on the doorknob. 

"I'm sorry, Lady Zezi. I didn't mean to put it like that." She apologized, her eye filled with understanding.

Zezi blinked, furrowing her brows at her outburst. 

Her wolf was restless and everything was getting on her bad side. 

Till the mating process was complete, she would be very cranky.

"I didn't mean to snap. If you are free today, we can visit your son together."

Lady Delice's eyes brightened up and she nodded enthusiastically. "It's a date."

What?

Did she just say a date?

An involuntary chuckle pass through Zezi's lips, this time she did not try to think too much about her relationship with Lady Delice and what effect it might have on her plan.

Honestly, there was a possibility that she might genuinely like her. 

"You are weird, Royal Adviser. Really weird."

They laughed, as Zezi slipped out of the door and shut the door behind her.


###chapter 124 - Farewell Shame, Welcome Doom.
Zezi had left Lady Delice's room with a contrary plan in mind though. 

The more she walked towards her room, the more doubt set in, and grew deep roots into her thinking.

What if the King doesn't die?

The White Circle was so sure about their mission, they were not seeing the other possiblity.

They all seemed so sure that the poison would kill him but what if it doesn't?

Valerick's strenght was one that couldn't be rivalled with and for someone that had seized so many souls, how sure were they that they could easily take him down by having him ingest the content of a bottle. 

Up till this morning, nothing out of his action has suggested that he had been affected by that vile liquid in anyway. 

So, what if it had no effect on him and he discovers her betrayal along the way and takes it out on her people, like he had done to her family before.

He would punish her too, that was if she would make it out alive.

Or not. 

She wasn't sure.

Ah, by the moon!

She had to be selfless. She had a daughter to think about, her family. 

It was a fair trade, wasn't it?

To give herself up for her family.

It was a fair trade she had been planning to go along with from the beginning.

Why make things difficult now?

Besides, maybe while doing this, she could help make things better for her people.

Maybe.

Just maybe.

It was worth the shot, wasn't it?

__

The door moved with ease at a simple push, and when she peeked in, Valerick was not in his seat. A guard had been of good help in directing her to his study, it was pretty easy to find him, that first rain aura almost knocking her to the ground immediately she came on his floor. 

The smell engulfed her the minute she placed her hand on the doorknob and after receiving the permission to come in, swinging the door open had just been like opening up a dam of his scent that flooded her lungs without mercy. 

Her legs had wobbled for a second but her hand clenched hard around the doorknob and she stabled herself.

Control.

She had to remain in control. 

There was another scent in the study though, one that didn't belong to Valerick.

"Zezi, please stop lurking around the door and come in." 

Her heard turned in the direction she had heard his voice. 

He was standing by the wall and talking to someone. 

Zezi stepped in and closed the door behind her. 

For what she wanted to say, they would need to be alone. 

At first that neccesity had not baffled her but seeing him in his blue shirt, with a couple of buttons lose and his sleeves rolled up, she was starting to worry. 

Excitement pooled in the pit of her belly and she cleared her throat nosily to put a giant stop on the images that sprung up in her mind. 

Unholy images. 

"I wasn't expecting you." He moved fast and before she knew it, he was pressing a kiss on her forehead, a large palm lazily trailing her back, then he pulled her into a firm hug and buried his nose in the crook of her neck. 

Her eyes fluttered shut in pleasure and she found herself dissolving into his embrace, the spark that lit underneath her skin encouraging her to take this further. 

As if he could read her mind, he pulled away, grinning widely at her. 

"I always love seeing you." His thumb brushed over her cheek. "A little bird told me that you have decided not to move."

Ah, damn that smile. 

Was he always this beautiful?

By the Moon, was he always this perfect?

Yes, that was a fact that was slowly settling itself into her brain, the more she subconsciously indulged in her feeling for him. 

Yes, he was always this beautiful.

Yes, he was always this perfect. 

Her mate. 

Her fated one. 

"I came to see you," she moved away from him, looking at the lady who was in the room. 

The lady took a bow respectfully, greeting Zezi.

"Milady," Her voice was light and her smile was radiant. She had green eyes that matched her modest dress, and her features looked so much like Silas if he had been a girl.

"Iriysi, meet my mate, Zezi." Valerick slipped easily behind her, his hands cupping her shoulder while he dropped his chin to rest on her head.

Her heart was racing. 

Racing through all the miles that could possibly exist.

Why was he always touching her, being close to her at every opportunity he had.

Did he know what he was doing to her?

They haven't completed the process yet.

Every need she felt was heightened. 

Was he it feeling too?

Was he doing this on purpose?

She tried to search through the bond to find out but he was keeping his own end of it blocked, it would be harder to do that when they mate. 

Should she just do that?

Mate with him already?

Of course, she would. With what she was about to offer, it would happen and she would let it.

But all in good time. 

For the sake of poor Iriysi.  

"Zezi, that is the new Governor of the Right Province."

Iriysi glided across the room, her steps smooth. 

She must be a great dancer.

She brought her hand up to shake Zezi.

"It is a pleasure to meet the famous Lady Zezi."

Hah!

Now, she remembered her. She was the one dancing with the King at the Princess Bonding ceremony. 

Even up close, she was beautiful.

"You are Silas's sister?"

Iriysi's smile dropped at the corners, her hand dropping to her side since Zezi didn't shake her.

"I'm sorry about what he did to you."

Zezi felt Valerick's hand slip down her shoulder and go around her waist, pulling her firmly against him. 

Shameless.

So, so, shameless.

This vampire.

There was someone standing right in front of them but that still wasn't stopping him from doing what he wanted. Although something told her that it was, in some way. That he would have done more if she wasn't here. Same as her, if there wasn't someone else in the study, she would have jumped him by now. 

All this bodily contact was getting too muc--

Her thought screeched to halt when she felt anger shot through her.

It was bitter but it had disappeared right away. 

That was Valerick's.

Even after Silas was dead, he was still mad at him.

"My condolences for your lose." Zezi said, trying to be done with the conversation. 

It didn't please her that her mate was angry. She didn't want him to keep thinking about that night.

Iriysi only shrugged, her green eyes glimmering with something as she looked from the King to her. "It was good radiance, Milady. Believe me."

Well, that was surprising.

Before Zezi could say more, there was a knock on the door and Valerick spun her around in his arms, looking down at her, his gaze heated on her lips, before he moved his gaze up with something that seemed like difficulty.

"Guess who is at the door?"

What? Why was he asking her that?

"I can---" her voice pushed through her tight throat and she gave up, her hands moving, anchoring around his waist, pushing herself to her toes to press her lips against his. The need to she felt was overpowering. 

"I don't know." She struggled to keep her eyes open, but she was failing.

His forehead pressed against hers and a raspy breath escaped her lips. 

Farewell, shame. 

"The Physician."

Her eyes flew open with the speed of a lightening bolt.

The result was ready?!

Welcome, shame, absolute shock... and maybe her death, in a few seconds.


###chapter 125 - Sweet Honey (Horny)
Valerick must have felt her shock, his eyes widened slightly, and his hold around her tightened. 

"Is everything okay?"

Zezi blinked, her hands falling from his waist.

Damn whatever spark that was spiraling under her skin, couldn't it get the message that she was in trouble right now?

"I just don't like the fact that you are always in my business." She grumbled, trying to block the bond from her end while trying to find lies to cover this up. 

It wasn't easy, at all. 

Fated mate and its perks.

Ah!

"What?"

"We will go through it together then. Let him in, let's read it together and we will find out the big secret that I am hiding. Since I already told you that I'm fine but you won't just take your Mate's word for it." Zezi said in a whisper, trying as much as possible to ensure that Iriysi would not hear them.

That was a useless thing though, if Iriysi was a pure-blood like her brother and an old vampire too, her hearing would be very good. 

Her gaze flew across the study where Irysi was now sitting on the sofa at one end, her eyes trained on the laptop on her laps and ear plugs buried into her ears. 

They must use a lot of technological products in the Right Province. She seemed to be in her element as her fingers punched the keys on the laptop's keyboard.

Wow, she was being polite.

Great, another well-mannered vampire. As if she didn't already have Delice and Gwen to deal with. 

The door was pushed open and the physician moved in. 

"Your Majesty."

Seeing him made Zezi angry.

The bringer of doom, how do you do?

"The Princess is not well, permit me to attend to her immediately. It is a matter of utmost urgency."

Valerick frowned. 

"What is wrong with Laura?" He said, letting Zezi go. 

It was only then that Zezi realized that Lady Delice had also made it into the study. She must have greeted them when she came in but Zezi couldn't remember. Her heart was pounding while her gaze zeroed in on the report in the physician's hand.

It was time for the meeting, and the Physician had brought in the medical report, she still hadn't given Valerick her offer yet. 

This was all a tangled mess. 

By the moon, why was she never lucky?

"I think everything will be fine once he leaves to see her, your Majesty." Lady Delice chipped in and Valerick nodded. 

"This meeting will be adjourned. I need a couple of minutes to ensure my sister is okay. Give the report to the Royal Adviser and leave."

The Physician obeyed, passing the report to Lady Delice before he bolted out.

Soon enough, they all started leaving the study. Lady Delice dropped off the report on the King's table while he spoke to Iriysi about the abrupt change.

She must have stuck those eye plugs in too deep.

Painful.

Before Lady Delice left though, she mouthed two words to Zezi.

"Take It."

Zezi nodded, grabbing the report and breezing out of the study. 

She heard the door shut firmly behind her though and before she made it too far, she felt a hand pulling her towards a body. 

"Stolen the report, I see."

Her heart must have dropped down all the floors of the castle, before making it back into her chest at that truthful accusation. 

"What now?" She asked, breathlessly. "You read minds."

"It hurts that you confide in my Royal Adviser more than you do in me."

Zezi bit her lower lips, realizing that he must have seen when Lady Delice was mouthing the words to her.

Her hand clutched the report behind her, and she rolled her eyes in an attempt to play it cool.

Was that even possible any longer?

She had ticked every single box in making something suspicious.

She felt stupid for pulling such a dumb move. She was a General, a whole Zeta. What kind of poor planning and execution was that?

Disappointing.

She felt blood turn to fire in her veins the moment she realized her back had been pressed firmly against the wall, her knuckles scratching the brick wall behind her.

The pleasure that surged through her was more than the pain.

"You know what? Keep it till you are ready to share."

He brushed his thumb over her lips, her hands being in hostage, there was little she could do to stop him from pressing himself totally to her, and shoving a leg inbetween her thighs. 

The intrusion was a welcome presence.

There was no denying that. 

"There will be a price to pay for my patience though." He whispered, his voice thick with need. 

She gulped, looked up at him, at those eyes that were turning increasingly black, those veins spotting themselves slowly beneath his brown skin. 

"What price." Her voice was breathy.

"I'll let you know when I decide."

Zezi shut her eyes. 

Having sex in the hallway wasn't something she had on her to-do list, yet why was that thought so tempting?

She wanted to tell him about her offer already, tell him all about the White Circle, and win some security for her people, but she couldn't find the words to put together to form a coherent sentence.

This male was too distracting.

"Don't you have your sister to get to or something?"

He chuckled, the sound morphing into her neck, sinking into the pores of her skin, making her arch her body into him before pulling away immediately, fighting to remain in control of herself. 

She would not let that happen till she at least told him her offer and he accepts it. 

Not here.

Not now. 

"She is fine. I know this is all a big ploy to make sure you get the report. I kind of like that you are finally getting along with Laura," his tongue swiped along her ear lobe and she clenched the report in her hand even more, losing strength in her legs, as she moved down slowly, then fighting hard to remain on her feet when she realized that if she continued to fall down this slope, she would be left with no choice but to rut against Valerick's leg. 

As horny as she was, getting it in the hallway was definitely not on her to-do list. 

Once she was free from this, she would go into her room and touch herself. It's been so long, maybe having that out of the way would help her think straight.

"You three are like the three musketeers, and here I am, the poor victim."

"Valerick---" it was a gasp, it was a plea. 

She was begging him.

His play at seduction had almost snapped, hearing her say his name like that. 

His plan was to seduce her and he had been doing that, it was an idea from one of his books, so that they could mate already. 

It was hard to have her and yet, not have her completely.

He wanted her.

He needed her.

If she, and not her wolf this time, would just ask, he would take her. Getting back to the study would not be hard, and making it to his room wouldn't be a hassle either. 

If only she would just command him, he would obey, without hesitation.

But she didn't.

"Still, I must see Laura." He pulled slightly away from her and she almost cried at the coldness of his absence. Consoling herself with the promise that she would touch herself after this, touch herself to the smell of him that had rubbed now into her skin.

She just hoped he wouldn't walk in on her, since they now shared the same bedroom.

Once again, farewell shame. 

"So happy thinking of me," he pinched her nose playfully, "my horny mate." 

In a flash, he was gone. 

What?

Horny mate?

Cocky bastard.

When did he even get that way?


###chapter 126 - Goodbye Kiss
The silver cut through her flesh and she bit back a hiss, the pain that went through her was lessened by the mate bond she shared with the King, much more lessened than she had thought it would be.

The image of the documents that she had found stuck to her medical report flashed in her mind and she set the automatic ninja shooters again, before going in front of it to fight its attacks.

She defended herself against each strike, moving out of the way with speed and turning just in time to miss the sharp speeding blade, but her mind got distracted again and one slashed right through her arms, past her cloth, and deep into her flesh.

She hissed this time, pulling it out of her skin and falling down in pain. It was a good thing that no one was here to witness this. 

An audience would have been terrible.

The image stayed right in front of her eyes and her lower lip trembled at the words she had read on them.

She was never supposed to see that, Valerick had been hiding it from her but she had seen it because Lady Delice had somehow made that document and her medical report stay together. 

Lady Delice had pulled her out of the bliss of oblivion to reality.

Valerick had been changing her kind, turning them into vampires in order to provide the one thousand armies that he has promised Lavida, to make up for some of the armies they had lost during the Dark Times, and to strengthen their military force. It was a plan they had from the beginning, part of the reasons why making all the werewolves their captives had been a "must" mission. 

It was all there in the document, and her arrival as his mate had not stopped him from progressing with the plan.

What a king. 

His people over his mate. 

What an easy decision to make. 

So far, the transformation had failed and approximately two hundred werewolves were dead. 

There was a break in the
Transformation Process and the physicians were working on a new approach, one that they said would take them about a month before they could start the testing again.

Another massacre for her kind.

Werewolves and vampires were not the same. 

Changing them was like spelling death on them, Valerick knew this, and still--

Zezi flung the ninja stars across the room, her blood dripping from them as they embedded themselves into the walls. 

She watched it with eyes filled with hatred and anger.

She hated herself.

Hated that she had thought for a moment that she would be enough to save her kind. 

Hated the fact that she had come to love the vampire despite how hard she had fought against it. 

She hated what she had become, all her moment of weakness with him, and how she had enjoyed more of it than she wanted to admit.

While they were together, he was killing her kind to fulfill his promise to his people.

Kept an innocent face and acted like she was a priority.

He had fooled her. 

But what did she expect?

He did not become King by entertaining weakness and she would not be her kind's liberator by doing the same. 

A part of her mind told her to talk to him but she was convinced that her words would do nothing to change his mind, except that why was she standing at his door right now---

When did she even get here?

She attempted to turn around but the door of the study was thrown open. 

"It's been two seconds but I'm already starting to lose my mind waiting for you to knock or just bust in, especially with how much you reek of blood." As much as she hated him right now, his voice made something in her settle and she stepped into the study.

Before he would even get the chance to ask her what happened, she answered, "I was training."

She wanted to stop at that but she was here now, she might as well speak her mind. So, she did while she stayed a good distance from him so he would stop roaming his hands around her body to fix her injuries, while grumbling about how much he hated this kind of training and how he wanted her to stay away from it.

Right now wasn't the time to get distracted, for either of them. She knew the scent of her blood would already be doing something to him and she didn't want him to get touchy enough that things would escalate and her mission here would be ruined.

She knew he had control, far more than others, but she was in no mood to test that. 

His replies had been unexpected for a part of her that was a sick mate that didn't want any reason to go against her mate, that part that wanted him to be good in her eyes, but for the other part of her mind that was a war general, she had expected it. 

He hadn't been angry that she had gotten her hands on the document but it was obvious the document was something that he had wanted to hide away from her. 

"The promise is a long-standing one for my kind. They are agitated that our military is not strong in numbers," he paused, "if the quality wasn't so important, I would have recruited the werewolves as they were without thinking to change them." His words were sharp, he spoke like a King with only the thoughts of his people at heart, as if these Werewolves he was talking about, weren't connected to him in any way.

As if her kind were just mere resources of labour that he could make use of in any way that he deemed fit. 

His slaves.

But wasn't that what her kind was to him? With the hellish contract that he had forced them to sign, they were anything but. She was a fool to think he would think differently of them. 

"Do you know how many of my kind will die for you to have your one thousand armies, four of every five werewolves changed, dies---"

"Approximately four thousand werewolves will die. Asides from the ones we have already lost in the testing." He said curtly, his face expressionless.

It was as if she was talking to a different person. 

But she wasn't, this was just a side of him that he hid away from her. 

"Zezi," he came closer and she tried to step back but something made her stay rooted there and when his arms went around her, she couldn't find the strength to shrug him off.

Pathetic.

"I understand how painful this must be for you, but you must understand that I have no choice. I am a new King for my people, their trust in me is already wavering because I have a werewolf as a mate, if I go against what we have already agreed on, a revolution will spring up. We cannot afford an internal war. I must show them that I still prioritize them." He leaned further into her, the space inbetween them, a hair's breadth. 

When her silence drew long, and the tears in her black eyes welled up even more, he added, cupping her face and pressing his forehead against hers. 

"Everything I do, I do for the good of Lavida, for the good of our Kingdom. You are one of us, a future Queen and your sacrifice will go down in history." 

Her sacrifice?

Four thousand lives that weren't even hers?

"I will not be so cruel to ask you to join me in this, but please don't fight me, Zezi. It will be too painful."

No, this was too painful.

The determination in his voice was too painful.

It was obvious that even if she told him about the White Circle right now, there would be no difference for her kind. 

Maybe he would even demand a larger number.

Tears rolled down her cheeks and pressed her lips against his, her fingers moving into his hair, as she stood on her toes to deepen her goodbye, suppressing the pain of her cuts, as she savored the kiss. 

He kissed her back with the same intensity, and while the bond in-between them bloomed with joy at their intimacy, her heart twisted with pain, knowing what she had to do to put an end to this madness, to save her kind from this insanity.

She had to kill this vampire...

...and a month was all she had to it.


###chapter 127 - Just Talking
The walls had ears and Zezi had listened through the fours of the training room. 

"I think our King should mate with Lady Iriysi, she is a PureBlood and not a pest or a dog."

One of the castle's servants had said. 

It was a group of people a good distance away from the training room, but now that Valerick's mark was on her, this very heightened hearing was one of the "perks" that came with it. 

"Lady Delice, I prefer." Another had chipped in.

"Or put all your concerns to your business, how about that? I heard you still haven't found your mate yet, that should be enough to occupy your mind, do you not think so?" A voice she knew all too well, snapped. 

A slight chuckle and another voice rose to the occasion to continue what they started. 

"Don't be like this Gwen, you know how it is."

"No, I do not."

Zezi wondered where Gwen had found all the people shipping her with the King, so far so good, she had been able to confirm that she wasn't widely liked by the vampires. 

She didn't care.

"It is best that the King takes a PureBlood as the Queen, he will still be honoring the fate because he will take the wolf as his concubine. Just like his father.

"His Majesty will never---"

"The King is nothing like his father!" Another voice had snapped, beating Gwen to it.

Then the sound of something crashing away distantly followed right after.

A small smile crossed Zezi's lips, her hands curled into fists by her sides, her gaze fixed on the walls as she stayed there, seated on the training room's floor. 

The rumour had been flying around that the King might want to take Iriysi as his Queen. 

They were spending a lot of time together lately, planning on how to kill more of her kind to make up for their lack of numbers and quality in the Vampire's army. 

Zezi had stayed away and all this had happened in three days. 

Just three days and there was a whole widespread rumour to deal with. 

Many didn't dispute the fact that the King wanted her, his mark on her neck and hers on his, gave them no other choice but to, however, most kept the faith that he would do just like his father.

Take her as a concubine to bear him heirs. 

Fulfilling the wishes of the people and the order of fate at the same time. 

If she wasn't faced with a greater responsibility at the moment, she would have cared. If she wasn't already determined to kill him, jealousy would have ripped her apart. 

The jealousy was still doing a number on her though, but it was something she was too preoccupied to be concerned about.

The bond she shared with Valerick felt like a painful weight these days, the distance and silent battle between them, making it have a stinging effect. 

With a sigh, she pulled herself off the floor and went straight to her chambers, the one she shared with the King.

He barely slept in these days, working day and night to battle the dens and prepare the army for any uprising.

That was another rumour that had spread widely, that there was an upcoming uprising.

Zezi took a bath, biting down the hiss that wanted to slip through her lips when the cold water hit the cuts on her skin, the very ones that she had willingly allowed the silver ninja stars in the training to leave behind.

She was out of the bathroom in no time, standing in front of the mirror with a small towel wrapped around her, while she smiled in satisfaction at what she had done to herself.

At this point, she couldn't even feel the pain.

Yesterday, Lady Delice had told her about how some more of her kind were dead and the failure of the continued experiment.

There had been no news from the White Circle except that they were relying on her to start feeding the King the poison, before his army would be ready and the dens would be useless against his reign.

Zezi eased into a gown that was easy to move in, a green ankle-length gown, with free long sleeves. 

Her legs carried her up to the King's study. 

When she was within a couple of steps of the door, she could faintly hear his firm voice as he called out some numbers in disappointment.

A heaviness settled over her.

This was something she did lately, walking by his office just to hear his voice, she had not heard it the first time she had tried, but the next time she did, she had heard him. 

The door wasn't shut, it was slightly open.

Very slightly.

She would just lie to herself that it was a coincidence, even though she knew that he must have sensed her presence the first time she tried and had done that to ease both their struggles in the way he knew how to without overreaching.

She would just lie to herself.

Finding anything good about him at this moment wasn't what she needed.

Besides, he was killing her kind. What difference was he from his father?

"We are making progress already, Your Majesty." That was the Physician. "The process has stated for some, about 70.25% of them are not dead yet, it had been 8 hours. Good news, I believe."

She knocked, stepping in before she was even permitted to enter. 

There were a couple of vampires in the study. 

The Physician, Laura and Iriysi. 

What was she still doing in the Castle? Didn't her Province need her or something?

"Zezi."

She curled her hands into fists by her sides, her breath shaky as she tried to control the feeling that crossed through her veins, ignore the way the bond between them blossomed with happiness that they were both in the same space and the way her heart was now racing just because he has said her name.

She prepared herself to see his face but he gave her no time for that.

His hands grabbed her by either side, his voice laced with anger and worry, "You reek of blood. Training again?"

Sparks erupted across her skin and it was suddenly too much work to stand.

"Yes."

"I think I have to keep that training room out of bounds to you once and for all."

"You will do no such thing." She gritted.

"I will if you keep coming back to me like this." He snapped, seething in rage. "Nicholas, get over here and take a look at this."

"Yes, your Majesty."

From the corner of her eyes, she could see the Physician spring to action, already close to them. 

"No!"

"No?"

The Study fell into silence, she could hear the sound of her own breathing, and she felt they could all hear the sound of her heart thundering.

Valerick was acting like there was nothing off between them, it had caught her off guard. She expected a different reaction of his to her presence, but she never expected this. 

"I want to talk to you." Her gaze moved from him to the rest of the vampires in the study. "Alone."

A snap of his fingers and in a second, they were gone and the door was shut. 

Valerick led her to a chair, mumbling about how much he thought the training room should be on lockdown and how he didn't like that she had blocked her pain from him. 

"Take off your dress." He flipped open a box on the desk and her body tensed at his command. 

"I just want to talk."

"And I want to take care of you. Take off your dress. You will do the talking while I do that."

"I have already taken care of my cuts." She scoffed, trying to shrug off the effect of his authoritative voice on her. 

He didn't say anything afterwards, instead, he pulled her up to her feet, led her to the desk, and bent her over. 


###chapter 128 - More Than Talking
It had been futile to fight against Valerick and soon enough, the dress had been gotten rid of.

No, ripped. 

He had ripped it off her, then led her to the sofa when she complained breathlessly that the table was too hard a surface to lay upon. 

His tongue collided against her skin, and electricity sizzled in her veins, as he pressed her into the sofa to steal her pain away, replacing it with something more demanding. 

The need that coursed through her veins wasn't just hers and the way it consumed her stole her words away. She couldn't tell if Valerick was intentionally leaving the bond between them open or if control was just slipping from him too. 

She wondered if he had been feeding, wondered if he had been getting enough rest, he didn't look much like himself, so she wondered if---

"Ah," a sound vibrated through her chest, and slipped past her lips, when she felt his tongue flicked over her nipple.

With an involuntary shiver, she realized that she had no cuts there. 

By the Moon, he was losing it. Just as she was.

All her cuts were sealed up by now, but still, his tongue wouldn't leave her body.

She didn't want it to. 

How pathetic. 

Where were the words she wanted to say to him?

Had she easily just forgotten about the fact that he was turning her kind and killing them?

Had she stupidly forgotten all that?!

No, she hadn't, still, she molded against his touch, when he pressed her name into the pores of her skin. Her fingers found their way into his hair, and held a fistful as she threw her head
backwards and moaned his name. 

His groans were sinful temptations, and her eyes welled up with tears of conflict.

The need to complete the bond surged within her, the knowledge of what she had done ripping her apart with frustration and confusion, her body raging with a need she couldn't suppress.

Her hands fisted his shirt and she pulled his face over hers, pressing her lips against his, as he trapped her beneath him with his body. 

"Zezi," it was a hoarse whisper. He pulled away from her, his eyes an abyss of darkness as the lines she was now very familiar with designed his face, down to the unbuttoned part of his shirt and disappearing from her sight. "You wanted us to talk."

Her hand reached up to pull the fabric away from him. 

She wanted to see. 

But his hand caught her wrists, holding them captive over her head. 

She looked dazed, her eyes only slightly opened, flashing from blue to black. Her sight was fogged with lust and the look she was giving him did nothing but heighten his need that he was already finding it hard to fight. 

It didn't help that she was naked, didn't help that he was achingly erect in his pants, it didn't help that she wasn't blocking her side of the bond and all her desire flowed straight through his veins. 

Nothing was helping. 

"I don't want us to talk." He said against the crook of her neck, his fang scratching lightly against his mark on her. She shivered, a moan slipped past her lips, her shaky hands pulling on his hair so tight that he whimpered. 

By the Moon, that sound. 

Her lips collided against his, their action rough and fast afterward. 

There was no thinking, just a lot of acting on instincts till there was a loud banging at the door. 

At first, they were determined to ignore the intruder but when the banging persisted, Valerick had been forced to pull away. 

It was a piece of news about the Dens, but this time, it was something different.

Something more awful than Valerick had expected.

Valerick had given her his shirt, pressed a kiss to her lips, and promised to be back as soon as he could. 

Lady Irysi, the bringer of the terrible news, had gone with him.

Once Valerick was gone and Zezi had shut the door, blood trickled down her nose, reminding her of the poison and the kisses they had shared. 

Valerick had licked it off her and she had tasted it on his tongue.

Quickly, before the effect of it would kick in, she rushed into her room and gulped down the antidote. 

Slipping to the floor and hugging Valerick's shirt tightly to her, she wept. 

She wept because despite knowing that she was doing what she had to do for her kind, it still hurt her that she was hurting him.

It was stupid, it was conflicting. 

On one hand, she hoped the poison would have no effect on him, and on the other, she hoped it would be swiftly effective. 

Oh by Moon, oh the pain of being so torn. 

____
____

It had been three days and Valerick wasn't back. 

She was worried, for more reasons than one. 

Had the poison worked? 

We as he dead?!

It was hard to breathe, and extremely difficult to do anything. She had forced Lady Delice to take her out of the Castle, convincing her that it was time to pay a visit to her son. 

The Princess had been busy with Oliver and that was good. It was such a relief to not see her around, besides Zezi wasn't in the mood for their little games, and talking to her would have been really draining.

There had been no message from the White Circle either. 

Everything had been quiet except for Zezi's mind. The bond between her and Valerick felt like it had been shut down. It made her crazy. If the mating process had been completed, she would be able to communicate with him. Just like she had heard that most fated mates did. 

But she couldn't. 

Not hearing from him was driving her insane. 

Get a grip of yourself, Zezi! You need this vampire dead in a month!

A futile reminder, to the feeling that kept growing stronger in her heart and gaining roots. 

Gwen had assured her that the King would be fine.

She had cheered her up on the first day, and did the same on the second and even the third, which was some minutes ago. 

"The King is alright, Milady. You worry too much," she had said, placing her lunch before her, and trying to talk her into how wonderful being pregnant was. 

There was something different about today's cheering up though and Zezi had sensed it.  She didn't rest until she had forced the answer out of Gwen's mouth. 

"Well, Milady. There is a rumour that the former King's creations have been spotted." Gwen paused, and she leaned in, her voice a low whisper. "The Volakys," she had ended, hands trembling slightly, before her lips stretched out in a smile and she chuckled. "But it is just a rumour, I think it is being spread around because of the coming Scare Season. You have nothing to worry about it."


###chapter 129 - Awfully Wrong?
"The King is back."

That had been about over thirty minutes ago, when Gwen had brought the news to her with absolute excitement. 

Now, Zezi stood in front of a hefty guard who wouldn't let her go into the room to see him. 

A gun would have been good right now, just so she could shoot a bullet right through his head.

"Get out of my way." She snarled. "That is an order!" 

But the guard stood rigidly at the door, looking straight ahead like he couldn't see her. 

Like she wasn't even there.

Zezi gritted her teeth, as the running around of physicians in the room, slipped into her ears, their chaotic mutterings and Valerick's groans of pain tugging at the strings of her heart. 

From his side of the bond, she could feel nothing. 

Guilt dug a grave in her mind, and regret laid in it. 

Buried, deep, deep down. 

Her breathing was ragged with the conflict that tussled her around without mercy. 

Wasn't this what she wanted? Why was she not content with it? She should be happy. She was saving her people, which held more priority to her than her feelings for him. 

She shouldn't be so torn!

Wait. 

Oh By the moon, the doctors were attending to him! They would find out about the poison, they might link it to her, but that was alright. 

There would be no reason to live once this was over. 

"Milady?" Gwen held her arm, and it was only then she realized how loudly she was breathing, how deafening her heart was thundering in her ears. 

"I want to see him," She whispered in a helpless voice as her gaze fell to Gwen.

Gwen looked back at her Mistress with glassy eyes of understanding. It must be killing her Mistress that her mate was going through pain and she couldn't be there for him. She would be going through the same panic too if something were to happen to her husband or any of her bats. 

"I think we should come back---"

"No!" She yanked her hand away from Gwen's grip and turned to the brick of a guard in front of her.

Fuck, a gun would be so good right now!

"Let. Me. Pass!" She yelled, drawing her extended claws over the guard's armour, the scratching sound unpleasant to her ears, as the silver burnt her flesh. 

"Lady Zezi, the physicians' hands are full at the moment, how about you be reasonable and postpone your tantrums." It was a physician who had stepped out of the door. He was wearing blue scrubs, and his tired brown eyes had no spark in them, just like his pale copper skin. 

"And who are you?" She remembered him, Valerick had called him Nicholas the day she had gone into his tidy to steal her medical reports. 

He had some nerves. Really.

"Nichol---"

"Oh wait, I don't care. I just want you out of my way."

"Milady..." Gwen whispered in a hushed tone.

When Nicholas didn't move away, she gritted, "You will let me see my mate, this instant."

"The King doesn't want to see you."

Zezi was taken aback by that. 

Gwen had said something reassuring to comfort her, but Zezi really didn't hear it. 

Her heart was racing, in her mind, worlds were colliding. 

Maybe they had found out about the poison, maybe they already suspected her?

"He doesn't want to see anyone," Nicholas concluded, running his hand over his blue scrub cap.

Lady Delice had appeared along the hallway just at that moment, and soon enough, she had ushered Zezi into a room where the Princess was waiting for them.

____
____

"Isn't it lovely to see you, Princess?"

Laura scoffed, moving away from the wall she was leaning against some seconds ago. 

"The White Circle is happy with you, fur creature." She clicked her claws together, and moved them over her golden bangles. 

She was excessively dressed. An ankle-length red leather jacket, coupled with a white shirt and fitting pair of black trousers, with gold chains everywhere they could possibly be.

For someone whose brother seemed to be in an unstable condition, she was really celebrating. 

Zezi should be celebrating too, but---

Laura clicked her claws over her bangles again and Zezi gnashed her teeth at the sound, but she wasn't in the mood to say anything about it. This fight in her was already occupying enough. 

"You have done really well, Lady Zezi," Lady Delice said. 

Ah, they brought her here to praise her for a job well done.

Zezi wasn't feeling proud of herself though. Also, it wasn't their praises she needed. She needed to talk to one of her own. She needed to sort out this conflict in her head and figure out how she truly felt about what she was doing.

She was doing this for her kind. 

She reminded herself for the umpteenth time, while taking a deep breath, noticing for the first time that the room smelt dusty and looked like a small store. 

It was also a little dark, since the only window it had, was closed and covered with a curtain. 

"This is good," Zezi could hear Lady Delice pacing. "This way he will be gone before becoming that monster that he hates so much. It is good this way."

She sounded like she was trying to convince herself that she was still doing what was right. 

"The revolution will happen faster than we planned."

Zezi's head rang bells. 

"Is he going to die today?" She managed to sound calm and collected, but daggers twisted in her stomach and bitterness filled her heart and soured her tongue.

What was she doing?

This was too late. Too late!

Laura smiled. "The potion seemed to be effective. So maybe, soon. With that pesky mark on your neck, I advise you start making plans for your funeral." She folded her arms across her chest, accessing the werewolf before she shrugged. "You were useful."

"But Nico is back," Lady Delice chipped in. "Maybe he won't die today."

All this talking about Valerick's death was starting to feel very real to Zezi. Her heart weighed heavily and it was becoming a herculean task to keep her own part of the bond down. She didn't want him to feel this bitterness that coursing through her veins. 

"Ah, yes, Nicholas. The medical expert. That vampire has always been a pain in my pretty neck." She shrugged. "Then we'll give him a few more days. As long as you keep feeding it to him, everything will go on perfectly. Good job!" She said the last one in mockery, patting Zezi on the back, she laughed but paused when she realized Delice hadn't joined in. "That was funny."

Delice muttered something back to her but Zezi stayed uninterested in their conversation. She needed to confirm something and she wouldn't let her feelings muddle things up for her. 

"Is it true that the Volakys were spotted?" 

Gwen had said she had nothing to worry about, but the way she had said it wasn't convincing enough. 

If it was true that the Volakys were back, then something wasn't going according to Zezi's plan. 

Instead, everything was going wrong. 

Awfully Wrong.


###chapter 130 - Desperation Kicks In
The Volakys - the former King's creations, his undead army made out of blood magic, the terror of the Dark Times. These creatures were to the vampires, as the vampires were to the werewolves. 

That was what the book Zezi had read some months ago had told her about the Dark Times. She imagined that they were even worse.

Tension settled in the room, fear consumed the air. 

"Who told you that?" Laura was the first to snap. 

Zezi frowned, rage flooding into her veins. "Is it true, Princess? Is this something your White Circle has been dabbling in and keeping a secret from the rest of us?"

"Don't be ridiculous, pest!" Laura slammed her hands over the table that stood between them. "No one wants to go back to the Dark Times. Why would you even think that we would bring back the Volakys? They were a terror to us."

Zezi arched her an eyebrow.

They were fools if they thought they could play her around. 

Bigger fools if they thought she wouldn't notice. 

Or maybe she was the biggest fool right now for even dabbling into this in the first place. For getting involved with them.

Such an idiot!

"Maybe because you still have contact with your mother, who is supposed to be dead. What are your plans, uh? Do you want to bring her back, Princess? Find her a body, and bring her mad husband with her using your little blood magic tricks?"

"Please let us calm down. Don't let us fight. We don't need this right now." Lady Delice's voice was shaky and that somehow managed to piss off Zezi more. She should be stronger than this! "

"Oh, please, Mummy. Let us fight!" Laura rushed over to Zezi, her hand tight around the bitch's neck, feeling her pulse quicken beneath her touch, she laughed into her face. 

"Answers now, Laura," Zexi looked unfazed, her anger mountain as she stared up at the vampire, "or you won't like what I'll do next."

"And what will you do next, you disgusting vile?"

"This is not---" Lady Delice started to say, trying to pry Laura's hand off Zezi's neck. 

If her heart was still beating, Zezi was sure it would be racing!

"Answers!" She yanked Laura's hand away from her, with a force she could now command because of the matebond. 

The Princess staggered back and fear glinted in her eyes for a second before it was gone. She spat on the floor, running her boot over it, then she huffed.

"Yes, we are trying to bring my mother back, but not my Father. He was mad! Why would anyone try to bring him back? Also," she added, smoothening out her jacket, "he is dead."

"Wasn't the same thing said about your mother?"

"No, she didn't actually die. She found a way around it, but he didn't. So he is dead, he can't be brought back. He is dead." She said the last three words with emphasis, then folded her arms. "You know all you should know now. Feed the King and let things go smoothly."

"How about the Volakys?" Delice beat Zezi to asking that question and Laura turned to her with annoyance. 

"Are you dumb, Delice?"

A pained look flashed in her eyes. "Well, Laura, I heard it some days at the market that---"

"The Scare Season is approaching. They are selling the costumes. What better stories can they spread if not stories about the Volakys?" Laura cupped Delice's face between her palms. "If the dog is stupid, I don't expect you to be too, Royal Adviser. Come on, Delice, you are better than this."

Delice nodded reluctantly, an apology slipping through her lips.

How very sickening to watch. 

The Princess then told Zezi that she would no longer need to attend the White Circle's meetings, saying she would need all the time she could get to "feed" the King. Also, they didn't want to attract any suspicion.

"Are we in agreement?" Laura asked, and Delice nodded, but Laura's gaze was fixed on Zezi, the disgust and hatred in her eyes was unfiltered.

How dare that filthy thing challenge her? How dare she demand for an explanation and not just do as she was fucking told.

Laura couldn't wait for the revolution to be done. She would no longer have to pretend like this disgusting creature had the right to stand before her, she would no longer have to endure this nonsense. 

Her mother would do things better. The right way. 

At this point, killing her brother was killing two birds with one stone. The bitch was the weaker one in their bond and his death would definitely kill her. 

After what felt like forever, Zezi finally nodded.

Took the bitch long enough!

___
___

There was nothing Gwen could say that would make her feel better, but still, here she was trying her absolute best. 

She was a sweetheart, Zezi could admit to herself that she didn't deserve. 

If only she wasn't a vampire. What a complete joy that would be.

"Maybe the King is planning you a surprise," Gwen offered her a smile, her gaze focused on the untouched meal on the table. "You have to eat, Mistress, it is a new delicacy I prepared. You'll like it."

"I'm not hungry." 

"But you must have something for dinner, Milady. You haven't eaten all day."

Gwen loved to exaggerate. She had soup this morning. 

"I don't want to," Zezi sighed, lying on her bed. 

Food was the least of her concerns right now. 

For every hour now, she had gone back to the room and requested to see Valerick. Access had been repeatedly denied, but none of it was as painful as what had happened over an hour ago. 

She had heard his voice, he no longer sounded like he was in pain. The door had been left slightly open and his words had danced into her ears. She had heard Valerick tell Nicholas not to let her in. She left before Nicholas would deliver the message with a smug look and all too much glee.

Ever since then, she had been on this bed and Gwen had been trying and failing to lift her mood.

"Maybe he just wants to be alone. His Majesty doesn't want you to see things that will break your heart." Gwen bit her lower lip. That didn't come out as planned.

If Zezi hadn't poisoned him, she would have easily believed that. 

Falling in love with him was a mistake in her mission, and she didn't even know when she had done it until it was too late. 

So all it took was six months for her heart to sway? What a shame. But she was still dedicated to her mission despite it, so that counts, right?

Maybe she could blame the matebond for making her fall all too easy. Maybe---ah, she was way past this.

"You can retire for the night, Gwen."

Gwen was determined to stay and Zezi had forced some spoons of her dinner down her throat, just to impress her that she was doing better. 

It was only after that, that Gwen took her leave. 

The room fell into silence for a long time, till she suddenly sprung up from bed, her face etched with determination. Ensuring her side of the bond was open, she headed to the mirror and smashed her hand into it. 

The broken pieces sliced her skin but before the pain could even register, she was healing.

This bond and its "perks"!

She looked at the door, but there was no one there. 

Of course, there was no one there, she had healed. 

She needed something "more".  

Something THREATENING! 

Something that would make him come to her!

Something like death. 

Her gaze snapped to the window, and a crazy smile tugged at the corners of her lips.

Perfect. 

Zezi headed straight to the pool, ensuring her side of the bond was still left open, as she settled into the water and began to drown herself.

She held on to hope, until it was slipping through her fingers, along with her consciousness.


###chapter 131 - So Long, Reasons.
Zezi moved a finger, consciousness rushing back into her veins. It didn't feel like she was in the water anymore, didn't feel like she was drowning anymore.

Instead, she felt the softness of the sheet beneath her and the smell of the first rain rushing into her lungs as she greedily inhaled. 

Her eyelids flickered open at that moment, Valerick's hazy outline which was illuminated by the golden light of the room, was all she could see. His hair fell over his face as he hovered over her.

Another blink and she could see him clearly. He was alive, he was fine - that was if the familiar webbed lines that tattooed his neck were to be ignored, his peaking fangs and the dangerous look in his black eyes.

"Don't do that again," his cold voice warned, slicing through the silence, and the sound of clacking irons filled her ears as he moved away.

Zezi panicked, and in a quick movement, she made him switch positions with her, trapping him with her thighs, observing at that moment the bundle of chains around his wrists. They had uneven ends like they had been snapped apart- or snapped away from something, also there was a dangling handcuff around his left wrist.

Had he been chained to something? What had happened to Valerick in the den? What treatment was Nicholas and his crew administering to him that required all these chains?

"What are you doing?" His gaze was intense, like he could see right through her soul. Like all the impure thoughts that flashed through her mind at their contact was laid bare before him. 

With her palms pressed flat against his chest, she fiddled with a button absentmindedly, feeling the sparks sizzle beneath her skin, conflict tearing at her heart. "I didn't know you would come." 

He arched her an eyebrow, bracing himself on an elbow, slightly bridging the distance between their faces. 

Her breath was shaky, as she moved one hand from his chest and trailed it up to his wrist, searching for the handcuff and finding it. 

"Why? Have you been doing something to me? Something that will make it impossible for me to be here?"

She wasn't really thinking right now, if she was she would remember that she was supposed to hate this vampire and not want him to stay as much as she did. She would question his words, and turn it over in her mind.

But she wasn't thinking, so...

...click!

The handcuff clicked shut around one of the small pillars that made the headboard of the bed. 

"You are really silly if you thought I wouldn't notice." Then he pulled her to him, his free arm tight around her, as he chuckled lowly into the crook of her neck, enjoying the warmth of life she had and the sound of her racing heartbeat. "Oh, Zezi."

"Stay with me tonight," the words slid off her tongue, a tremble in her voice. 

"Just so you'd know. I haven't fed tonight. So, I'm very," he paused, his fangs brushing lightly against her skin, as his tongue slithered over his mark on her, "very thirsty."

Her heart raced and she shuddered, a moan threatening to tear through her as he groaned and rested his head on her shoulder, his grip around her tight with restraint. 

"You can always h-have my blood."

"You have no idea how dangerous that offer is."

"You won't kill me."

So sure. So confident... in him. 

He pulled away, his gaze boring into hers. Challenging her. 

He was so different tonight. 

"Is that so?" His fangs pepped from the corners of his lips as he spoke, extending more than they had before. 

Was he trying to scare her? Well, it wasn't working.

"Spend the night with me."

"Why? Because you want me to? What part of me do you fancy differently tonight?" He pulled her closer roughly, as if she wasn't already close enough, and watched her eyes go wide when she felt what he had intended for her to feel. "How I feel against you? The fangs? The black lines I just can't get rid of? Or is it my eyes?"

A silent moan slipped past her lips, as she watched the lines spread to his eyelids. 

He looked away, resting his head against her chest, pressing his words into the pores of her skin, his hand moving slowly up and down her back, his claws making known of their presence, though not in a way violent enough to rip into her blue silk nightgown.

"Maybe it's this thirst I have for you, this hunger for every part of you---" his words turned into a whimper when she grabbed a fistful of his hair and tugged at the strands. 

"Oh, it's my hair."

"Valerick?" She whispered, her voice sounding foreign to her ears. 

"Yes?" He pulled away and looked at her, her gaze darting between his eyes. 

"What am I doing?" That question was hers. 

Because, really, what was she doing?

Whatever she felt for him, she wasn't supposed to act on it. This vampire was still killing her kind and here she was, her brain fogged with her desire for him, her body begging and her heart racing madly because he was in her arms. 

She had gone insane. 

But there was still hope, if only she could just focus. 

"I'm asking myself that too. What am I doing here? What are we doing? Are you in the mood to kill me or..." he drawled then chuckled, his Adam's apple bobbing. "That has to be it. Of course, you wouldn't want the monster killing your kind to bury himself deep inside you, would you?" She looked away. "Would you, Zezi? His hand found her chin, making her look back at him. "Talk to me, my love."

All these words... so much of him... his evident desire for her... his hard---

Focus!

"What happened when you went to the den?"

"Will you set me free if I told you?"

Her eyes darted to his handcuffed wrist.

"I---I-- don't have the key."

"Well, that is a very good excuse. He slipped a finger beneath her chin. "I like it," taking her earlobe between his teeth, "very much."

They were so close, focus was so far away.

Not with this need the matebond ignited, not with this urge that roared to life between them. 

So long gone was sensibility. 

Before she could even stop herself, she moved over his hard-on, wishing his pants weren't standing in the way. 

He moaned, throwing his head back slightly as she watched. 

"You are such a little thief, Zezi."

She blinked, attempting to clear the fog in her head. 

"Always stealing something from me," his gaze found her conflicted ones again. "My void soul, dead heart, and even my virginity. I'm not complaining."

"That's not---"

"Yes?"

She couldn't do this, not tonight. Maybe tomorrow she would be able to think straight and get answers from him.

It was a good thing he was handcuffed, that gave her the upper hand here. He wouldn't be able to fight here. 

It was a stupid thing to think, but she wasn't really thinking right now.

"Goodnight," she said.

"Goodnight."

She tried to move but he wouldn't let her go.

"Vale---"

His lips crashed against hers, stealing the words away. She kissed him back, her desires rushing over her like a broken dam, but her hand slipped to his own that was still in hostage, finding a sick form of reassurance in it, until the handcuff snapped, and he was ripping her dress off her. 


###chapter 132 - These Confusing Desires
Feral. 

That was how they were. 

Valerick's actions were fueled by a sort of insanity and an unrestrained thirst. Wherever his lips met her skin, his fangs left an imprint. 

Her cries of pain morphed into pleasure, as her claws dug into his back and her hands fisted into his hair. 

With the speed they had, their clothes were long gone in seconds. Naked bodies rubbed against each other. 

Zezi's ragged breathing filled the room, clashing with the scent of their arousal that perfumed the air. It was sweet, it hung to the roof of their mouth and the back of their throat.

He peppered her neck with ferocious kisses and she did the same to him, her tongue slithering over her mark on him, torturing him as he did her. His claws dug into her thighs, and she threw her head back, as she cried. But his mouth had captured a taut nipple and her body jerked in his arms at the conflicting signals the consecutive actions sent through her veins.

His tongue flickered and sucked, and her sex ached to have him, as he moved to the other, repeating his action. 

"By the Moon."

"Say my name. Your goddess isn't the one doing this to you."

She pressed her lips together, moving her hands below her and gripping his length that she had been rutting against. She felt it pulsate in her hand, how veiny it was. 

His chest rumpled with a groan, as she teased her wet entrance with his bulbous tip, moving it up and down her slit, and pressing it against her clit. She shivered, a cry buried in her throat. 

The only reason her eyes were still open was because she was driven by the need to see Valerick's hunger for them.

The way he was looking at her.

It was addictive.

Intoxicating. 

Oh by Moon, she loved it! She shouldn't but she did. 

She loved that he yearned for her. 

"Oh by the Blood, this is happening."

"Say my name, it isn't that thing you feed on that is doing this to you."

"Zezi." He was the one succumbing but she was the one feeling powerless by it. 

How was he doing that?

She wanted to say something, but his hand slipped through her hair, and went around the nape of her neck. 

"Let me into you, Zezi. Let this monster of a mate fuck you. Are you scared that you won't hate me so much after that? Scared of getting addicted? "

"It is you that should be afraid," her voice was disagreeing with her with how breathless it was, her body with how her hand was already sliding him into her with a feverish need. 

"I'm way past addiction, way past being saved. You know it."

He thrust into her, deeply. More than she had calculated it would be. 

Fuck. 

Rough pounding. 

Feral kisses. 

A hungry passion leaving imprints of fangs and claws. 

"Val--valerick!" She could see the moon and beyond it, her body quaking with desire, as he moved quickly in her. Pulling out and jamming back in before she had the time to recover. 

"By the Blood, I don't want to be saved." He said against her lips, before stealing her breath away with a rough kiss. 

She was tight around him, her scent of lily and honey mixed with the sexual craving for him. 

It was sweet. 

Her whimpers were music to his ears, and her feverish whispering of jargons that held his name between them, drove him to the edge. 

Her walls wet because of him, pulsated for him, the pleasure that only he could give her. 

She wanted him, and slid him into her with her own hands. 

Finally, by the Blood. Finally!

This was so much better than fisting himself to the thoughts of her. 

He was way past addicted. Way past obsession.

He didn't want to be saved. 

If this was what would kill him, maybe it was okay. 

If having her was his death, maybe that was alright. 

She pulled away, breathless. Her face was wet with tears, her lips swollen, with blood dripping down her lower lip. 

"I--- Valerick---" She whispered with urgency, her palms cupping his face, as she looked at him. He nodded along, looking back at her as she fought to speak.

Closer and closer to that cliff, to that ecstasy. "Stop--" she threw her head back, hugging him to her chest, her hands digging into his back. "No, please--- don't stop." 

She could no longer hold herself up so she fell on his chest, the pleasure stretching her taut, to the tips of her fingers and her toes. 

Her sight was dotted with lust as his fangs dug into her neck and he drew blood. The climax paralyzed her while the wave crashed over her. She could feel her blood being drained, her soul being relentlessly tugged at, and the warm explode of Valerick's pleasure inside her. 

____
____

Gwen could be such an excited teenager at times, like right now. 

She just couldn't stop squealing about how glad she was that her Mistress would finally become Queen, and how her supporters' group would go crazy with joy. 

She had stepped out and returned with about twenty seamstresses. After Valerick, Gwen was the craziest vampire Zezi knew. 

Valerick wanted them to have the Joining Ceremony the next day, and as much as Zezi would want that because of the things she had planned, the timing just wasn't enough for her family to make it to Lavida. 

The bond was now completed and whatever she felt towards Valerick before was nothing compared to how she felt now. 

It was like their souls could touch. 

Was this the level of intimacy she was about to miss on with George?

*"Should I get you a collar?" His voice echoed in her mind and she jumped, still strange to her that he could speak to her through their link. 

Now, that their bond was completed, she had been unable to close it from her side like she used to. Which gave her a new fear.

Was he able to read her mind now? Her thoughts?

"Sorry, Milady," the Seamstress said, assuming she had been the one to cause her to flinch. 

"I'm fine. Carry on."

*"Or should I get you a necklace, something long enough to rest between your breasts, so I can pick it with my teeth."

"What do you think about this, Milady?" Gwen asked.

"Uh?"

Valerick was distracting her. 

*"You seemed to have liked it when I was handcuffed to the headboard. Should I get chains?"

*"Valerick, please. I'm trying to pick a dress."

After last night, things had been different between Zezi and Valerick. It was unexplainable. 

*"I'll get the necklace then."

It was getting harder and harder for Zezi to keep herself grounded, to not sway totally into Valerick's lure, to pull away the part of her that had already fallen, upright.

He still hadn't told her what happened at the den, and she still couldn't figure out if he knew she poisoned him.

If he knew, he would have flipped out. Right? He would have been mad at her. 

*"I found the one you'll like." She jumped again. "I love you."

Then she felt him pull away. 

"Mistress? You've been very quiet, are you alright?" Gwen asked.

"Yeah, of course." Zezi laughed, trying to play it off. "What was the question?"

"Do you prefer this fabric or this, Milady?" The Seamstress asked and Zezi turned to look at her, catching a glimpse of Gwen in the mirror, who had a smile on her face and a knowing look.

Sometimes, it felt like Gwen knew too much. 

Oh, Gwen. 

___

((At this point, I want to join Gwen's club.))


###chapter 133 - Time To Get Married. Yay!
Invitations were sent out quickly.

The castle was bustling with different activities in preparation for the fast-approaching Joining Ceremony. It reminded Zezi of the time she had just gotten to the Castle and seen how the hall was decorated.

Gwen had told her back then that it was for the King's wedding and she had been petrified. 

It was funny that now it was happening and she wasn't feeling the way she had felt those six months ago. She was scared, yes, but it was for a different reason. Something more complicated than her hatred for him or his kind.

Immediately Lady Delice had gotten the wind of the coming Joining Ceremony; that was after the night she and Valerick had completed the bond, she had appeared at her doorstep, looking absolutely worried for her. 

"You know what is going to happen to him. Lady Zezi, why are you letting this happen? You are going to die." She had declared, her feverish hands holding Zezi's own with worry.

Even though Zezi knew the ceremony was happening for complicated reasons, a part of her was pissed at Lady Delice for not being happy for her, a part of her that chose to be delusional and wanted to act like a werewolf excited to be joined to her fated mate.

So pathetic. 

So annoying. 

Her parents' bodies would be rolling in the grave right now, that was if they had been buried. 

No. They had been torn open and their blood drained, life sucked right out of them.

The Princess on the other hand had looked pleased with the arrangement. 

Zezi wondered how Valerick would feel to know that his sister wanted him dead.

Step-sister. 

Through the things that she had heard in the castle and the research she had burdened herself with, Zezi discovered that Valerick was the son of the former King's first mate, a mate he had chosen. He had later dethroned her, and made a concubine, when he found his fated mate, with whom he had had the Princess. 

Valerick's mother had been just like George. The relationship between the siblings wasn't what she had expected. 

Still, she assumed Valerick would be hurt to find out about this. 

What was she even doing?

She was doing the same thing to him, but for her kind. She would pick her kind over her fated mate anytime. 

For the sake of those who had died at his father's hands, and for the sake of those who were presently living through his torture. 

As the maids prepared her for her Joining Ceremony, Zezi hoped that her family would be able to make it. She missed them, a lot. 

But the time of the ceremony drew nearer and there were still no signs of them. 

Maybe they wouldn't be able to make it. 

By the Moon, this would ruin everything. 

She really wanted to see her daughter, Aunt Alice, and... George. 

She needed to talk to him. He would tell her everything that was going on within the Packs, only from him would she get the real truth. He was the Beta, he would have information that Aunt Alice didn't know about. 

She hoped that Valerick hadn't done anything to make it impossible for him to attend, considering the history she had with him.

"All done. You are ready, Milady." Zezi smiled, looking at herself in the mirror. 

This was the most glamorous white dress she had ever been in. It was a backless dress, with three silver plated decorative chains that pulled the fabric together behind her, long sleeves - that almost touched her fingers- made with the color of her skin, granting the white artistic designs the opportunity to dazzle. 

The neckline was a deep V-cut and just as Valerick had said, the necklace he had given her rested between the space. The gown had no slits, hugged her hips, and became free enough around her knees, sweeping the floor behind her. 

Her hair was braided into a bun, and white pearls were pressed into her hair to decorate it. She had in her earlobe, long earrings that looked like crystals.

"You are so beautiful, Milday," the seamstress complimented.

"Thank you," Zezi replied. 

Then the maids started talking, flooding her with compliments.

"You are about to stun everyone."

"His Majesty will not be able to hold himself once he sees you."

"We will have an heir in no time!"

They giggled and Zezi's face flushed.

Great, these maids were part of Gwen's group, but that was to be expected. She has personally selected them herself. Also with how there were many vampires that hated the werewolves just as she hated them, it was good that Gwen had done a thorough selection. 

Zezi sighed, looking at herself in the mirror again because she just couldn't get enough.

By the Moon, she was stunning.

More stunning than she had been when Gwen had dressed her up for her first dinner with Valerick. Unlike the dress she had worn that night, this dress had no high collars, putting Valerick's mark on full display. It was a good thing the maids had helped her cover the hickeys.

That had also been embarrassing because they just wouldn't stop giggling, but she endured it. 

A small price to pay to ensure her family wouldn't see them... because they would surely come. 

She reassured herself, her fingers trailing along her necklace, feeling a buzz beneath her skin as her mind wandered to Valerick, and the temptation to reach to him through the bond called to her. 

"Mistress!" Gwen sprinted into the room, almost yanking the door from its hinges with how fast she had thrown it open.

Zezi sprung up, alert. 

"Gwen? What is--"

"You look stunning, we'll have an heir soon."

So Gwen.

"I can't wait for you to meet my family. They love you, already. You'll love them!"

"Is my family here yet?"

"No, Mistress."

"Then why did you run in like that?"

"Oh, yes! It is time for the ceremony, we must leave now."

The maids rushed out and Zezi was led right out.

Before they would get to the hall though, Gwen had engulfed Zezi in a tight embrace, her eyes glassy and her voice filled with genuine gratitude and sincerity. 

"Thank you for giving him a chance. Thank you for giving us a chance, Milady. You are such a blessing, we don't deserve you, yet you are here. We are lucky."

Was she really a blessing? And were they truly lucky?


###chapter 134 - Suspicious Guests
The ceremony went by in a flash, at least for Zezi. 

Vows were made and the content of the Silver goblet was gulped down by both parties. They were declared joined and Valerick had declared her to be Lavida's Queen. 

Zezi had seen a disapproving look glint in the eyes of some of the Lords, but they had been wise to hide it quickly. No one questioned their King because he was the King. 

The hall was soon filled with music and Valerick, with his hand resting on her back, had taken her around, introducing her to different vampires and hinting at the idea that she would be in The Court soon, taking all their meetings and taking important decisions.

He intended for her to take the role of being their Queen fully, and he wasn't hiding it.  

Most hated it, just like she hated them, but they showed her a fangless smile and tried to act welcoming.

Valerick smirked. Of course, he knew how much his plans infuriated his Lords. He wasn't a fool, he was a King and their little games could do nothing to deceive him. 

From the corner of Zezi's eyes, she could see the Princess and Oliver get into a hushed fight. She strolled away from him seconds later and headed to the bar in controlled rage. 

Zezi banished a smile from her lips. 

Her misery was always fun to watch. 

Whatever could be wrong in their perfect little Paradise?

Then she had seen Akeem looking across the hall, his gaze resting on Lady Delice as she moved around and talked to some of the Lords Valerick had introduced her to earlier; to her, they showed a true smile. Zezi wondered about the kind of relationship Akeem had with Lady Delice. 

It had to be more than just her being his High Pillar.

Maybe he liked her? 

Wait!

An idea!

Could Akeem be the father of Lady Delice's dead child?

She felt someone's eyes on her and her gaze snapped to the direction of the heat. 

Nicholas. 

Their gazes clashed and he held hers, before looking away about two seconds later.

She didn't like him and this just wasn't because he was a vampire.

No, there was just something about Nicholas that made Zezi feel uncomfortable. 

She watched from the corner of her eyes as he picked up a conversation with Lady Irysi. How a second later they were both laughing about something that he had said.

She didn't like this vampire one bit. 

"Zezi, meet Lord Rosil from the Right Province."

She was a lady but that must be the title for the position she held. 

Zezi quickly accessed the woman in front of her. Early fifties. Stunning green eyes. Deep green, long dress, black elbow-length gloves, grey hair in a loose bun with curled strands, a warm sincere smile and--- wait, a warm sincere smile. 

That was a first tonight. 

"Your Majesty, it is a pleasure to meet you." 

Zezi's fingers slipped right into her hands. 

"You have really lovely eyes."

"Silas had them too." She smiled, pulling away and Zezi flinched. "Just like Irysi."

She was their mother? 

"I'm sorry about his death," Zezi said and Valerick moved his hand along her back in a comforting manner. 

He could probably feel that she was uneasy. 

It wasn't that she was scared, there was nothing Lord Rosil could do that Valerick wouldn't protect her from. 

However, she was nervous. 

It wasn't easy to get her nervous, there was just something commanding about Rosil's presence even though she didn't seem like she was posing any threat. 

Almost like Delice's aura.

A bit of life. 

Just that for her, instead of a twinge of madness Lady Delice had, she has dominance.

Maybe Lord Rosil was also a turned vampire. 

Rosil waved a dismissive hand. "Why should you be? He had it coming."

Wow, even his own mother was dismissing his death like it was nothing. 

This was very unexpected.

Wasn't he loved by his family?

"How are you finding Lavida?"

"Great. Thank you."

"I hope your journey here wasn't stressful?" Valerick asked. A question he didn't mean while he had been talking to other Lords. 

He seemed to be genuine now though. 

Maybe Lord Rosil was a friend of his mother's. This c made her realize that really didn't know a lot about Valerick.

She should ask him--- but knowing a lot would make him feel less distant to her, make him feel more than just a fated mate she was falling for... make him feel like a friend.

She didn't know why that felt more dangerous, but she was scared it would throw her off her plans.

It was better to know nothing. 

"It was great, your Majesty. It was absolutely lovely meeting you, your Majesty." She was talking to Zezi now. "I hope we meet again some other time. I have some urgent matters to attend to, if you'll excuse me."

"Of course," Valerick responded.

She bowed, then departed from them.

"She seems nice," Zezi said, once she left and Valerick turned her in his arms, his grip around her tight with just enough pressure to keep her form against him, as he effortlessly led her into a dance.

Oh, by the Moon, he was so beautiful.

His white suit was adorned with golden epaulets on each shoulder, artistic golden designs on the chest of his jacket - that was long enough to his knees only at the back, and wrist armour designs around the end of each sleeve.

He had been wearing his black leather gloves when the Ceremony had just started, but he had taken them off so that he could touch her. 

So needy. 

She had been glad he did though. 

Did that make her needy too?

Her fingers moved away a couple of loose hair strands that had been purposely left out of his slick back hair style, to fall over his forehead.

His collars were high, she knew it was part of the style but honestly, she hated it. 

He said something but she didn't catch it, instead, the new couple that had just joined them on the dance floor seized her attention.

Confusion, curiosity, unnerved.

Commander Riza and General Basit?

What were they doing here?

Did the White Circle send them?

"Are you alright, my love?"

Her attention snapped back to Valerick, knowing that he had felt her emotions. 

She really had to get better at this or he would catch her. 

"Yes," she nodded, following his lead and breathing him in. His aura of the first rain calmed her down, but they didn't vanish her questions away. 

What were they doing here? What was the White Circle planning?

Also, her family still wasn't here yet. 

Could it be that they weren't coming or had they ran into a problem along the way?


###chapter 135 - So This Is Love...
The dance finally came to an end, and as Valerick led them away from the dancefloor, Zezi peered over her shoulder, her gaze fixed on the door of the hall.

They still weren't here yet. 

"Basit and Riza," Valerick said as they approached the couple and Zezi's heart skipped a beat.

He knew them?

Of course, he knew them. They had been part of his father's army.

They were not Volakys though, the former King hadn't turned them into that. 

One wonders why. 

They bowed lightly, showing their respect. They hadn't changed so much since the last time she had seen them, which was expected. Although, instead of Riza allowing her long white hair to flow behind her, she had it braided, so it wasn't sweeping the floor like it had been the night they had met. Basit still kept his full white beard that shrouded his face in mystery. 

They were dressed in black, a sharp contrast to the color that went along with this type of occasion. 

"It is good to see you both, thank you for coming."

He was just having a normal conversation, she shouldn't be finding this hot.

With light pressure, her grip tightened around his arm that she was hanging on to, and her hard gaze shifted to the guests in front of them. 

Their presence here wasn't good, she could just feel it. 

"We are the ones that should be grateful, and we are. Sparing our souls despite being part of your Father's army, Your Majesty, is something we will forever be grateful for."

"Are you sure you are truly grateful?" Valerick smiled. 

They stared back at him, clearly taken aback by what he had said. Their gazes shifted to the fur creature, then back to their King. It was so fast, that it could have gone unnoticed.

Valerick had noticed. 

He pulled his hand away from Zezi's grip and slipped it around her waist instead, holding her to him. 

"I assumed you'd be mad at me for stripping you of your titles. In fact, I thought you had been planning little revolutions against me, since you both have made your appearance very scarce lately."

The vampires went pale in that instant. 

For Zezi, it was hard to remain calm, to not panic. She leaned into him, resting her head against his chest, breathing him in. 

That helped. 

He made her panic and made her calm at the same time.

How ridiculous.

"Never. Your Majesty." Basit declared. 

"Whatever rumours---" Riza started to say but Valerick tilted his head, and she kept her mouth shut. 

"I know. Silly thoughts, right?" Valerick chuckled, the sound rumbling through his chest, against Zezi's ears.

He was dashing out threats and all that made her feel, was hot.

Yes, she had definitely hit her head. 

Ah, she had better not be getting addicted already. This was bad. 

The vampires had joined in the laughter and she had smiled, but she couldn't help but worry if Valerick suspected Riza and Basit because of the position they held in his father's army before, or if he knew about the White Circle-- if he knew about her involvement.

About the poison.

Basit and Riza left after a couple of tensed humour which Valerick appeared to have enjoyed very much. 

Then he had led her to a food stand, where different steaks, cakes, and sweet food were on display. They were all covered and there were about four guards, guarding the food. 

Precautions, good. 

"Your stomach rumbled twice times, eat up, while I attend to something. Also, you'll need strength for a little something I just learnt." He winked and before she could even blink, he was gone.

She turned to the table, picked up a slice of chocolate cake, and ate it.

"How do you even eat those things?" Nicholas said behind her, holding a glass of win--blood.

He seemed to be everywhere tonight.

Before she would have to go through the torture of enduring his presence though, Gwen came for her and was hurrying her across the hall to meet her family.

She looked absolutely gorgeous in that blue floral dress. 

"My bats are dying to see you. My husband too!"

Her family had been sitting at a table far from the dance floor. Gwen's husband looked really happy to see her. A buff and tall man in a pair of blue suit, with the most heartwarming smile that she could only ever link to Gwen having in her possession.

"Your Majesty, Zyon." he greeted, as he stood up from his seat and took a step forward with a noticeable limp, bowing slightly in respect. "My wife has told me a lot of good things about you. It is a pleasure to finally meet you."

Gwen chuckled, rushing over to her husband's side, moving her hand over his tie, and adjusting his collar even though none of those needed to be fixed. He smiled down at her and she blushed in return. 

Wow, they were so happy.

It made her wonder, for a split moment, if she could be this happy too... with him.

Valerick.

So stupid. So delusional.

"It is my pleasure to finally meet you too, Zyon. Gwen has been the absolute best and I'm happy to meet the person that keeps her happy."

He laughed. "She keeps me happy."

Gwen's blush deepened and she patted his chest, "Stop it, I'm shy."

He chuckled, and Zezi smiled. 

Ah. So happy. Something about seeing them this happy, made her heart heavy with "maybes" and "maybe nots".

After that, Zezi met her children - her eight bats. 

The eldest looked like he was eight. It was like she popped out a baby every year, her youngest might be around two.

Being with Gwen's family was wonderful and time went by quickly talking to them. 

Gwen's children had brought her a wedding gift - a book, one they wrote themselves. 

Ah, yes. Another to add to her collection. 

Zezi had received it with a smile and promised to read it to the last page once the Joining Ceremony was over. 

Soon enough, the kids had to be taken home and Zyon kissed Gwen goodnight, as he rallied up the kids in his arms and took them out of the hall.

"I would have brought the rest of the supporters here but the invitation was really limited. Surely some other time, My Queen." Gwen said, not taking her eyes off the door her husband had just disappeared into merely some seconds ago. 

She sighed. "Sorry, milady, but I have to kiss my mate again. If you'll excuse me."

She sprinted towards the door and this time around, Zezi couldn't keep herself from chuckling. 

By the Moon, they were perfect. 

Each day, the vampires seemed to her to be less and less of a monster. It shook the core of what she believed in, but the death of her kind, stood firmly in her memory. 

They were monsters.

But for Gwen and her family, certainly, she could make an exception. 

She should go back to the cake, she needed to taste something sweet and Valerick wasn't here yet to offer her his lips. 

What?! 

She shook her head vigorously, like she could shake the thought off and the reasons for it away. 

She did not just think that.

Then something caught her attention, Oliver had left the hall without Laura, who appeared to be dancing with someone else. 

He looked pissed.

Well, there was nothing suspicious about that. It was normal for him to be mad if his "Raaa Queen" was waltzing away with another vampire. 

Poor "Oli baby". 

Zezi cringed at the nicknames they used for themselves.

But then, Basit and Riza had left shortly after too.

Wait, did they just go after Oliver?

They were definitely going to meet up outside!

Why? What was going on between the trio? What did they plan to do?

Well, enough with the questions. 

Time to find out.

___
___

((I need me a Zyon and Gwen.))

((Please follow my In.sta.gram page @at_imagination to stay updated on any news or announcements. I post memes too and different fun things about my stories. Love, AT.))


###chapter 136 - Reunion and Drama, maybe.
She was headed to the door but someone had appeared in front of her. 

Ah, by by the Moon, Nicholas again.

"What are you doing?"

"Ensuring you are safe."

"What," her voice was laced with dry humour and annoyance, "like a bodyguard?"

He cringed, refusing to answer that. 

"Aren't you just a doctor?"

"Tell that to your mate."

Zezi frowned. 

"Once he gets back, I'll gladly make myself scarce. I don't really fancy your presence."

"And I don't fancy yours."

He shrugged, sipping from his glass of wine.

It smelt like wine this time. 

"Good."

Great, now there was no way she would be able to go after the trio. It didn't seem like any excuse would work on Nicholas, so she didn't even try. What kind of relationship did Valerick have with Nicholas that made him trust this doctor with her safety anyway?

Although, it was a good thing he had left someone to look after her, especially with how most of the Lords were unhappy to have her as their Queen, what Zezi found puzzling was that he trusted Nicholas to be capable of protecting her.

He must be more than just a doctor then. 

Maybe he was part of his army. 

Whatever.

She hated him. This was against her rule of survival which stated that, she had to always be friends with the doctors but she had been making exceptions tonight, so she might as well make an exception with this one. 

She wished to get rid of his presence as soon as possible and from the looks of things, Nicholas wishes for the same. 

Luck was really on Zezi's side tonight, because soon enough, she heard one of those voices she had been waiting for the entire night. 

"Mama!"

Time stilled to a stop and there she was, her daughter, running to her with her arms open.

"Mira..." She whispered, a tremble coursing through her veins as the emotions overwhelmed her. "My daughter." 

She slipped to her knees, throwing her arms open, as her daughter rushed into her embrace. 

"Mama, I miss you."

"I missed you too. I missed you so much, my baby." She was breathing heavily, tears welling up in her eyes, as her arms tightened around her daughter who sounded out of breath. 

"You didn't come back," her daughter repeated and a tear rolled down her cheek. She didn't care if the vampires could see her, didn't care what they would say about her and her family after this, she didn't care about anything. 

She had missed her family so much, that the hall faded away in her mind soon enough, and it was only them. 

To miss someone felt like the cold without its comfort, felt like heaviness without its promised relief, felt like reaching out with outstretched hands with the fingertips only some distance away from the other person.

It felt like misery. 

It felt like a void.

Like a heartbreak, until they appear to take the pain away. 

It felt incomplete.

"I'm sorry. Oh, Mira, I'm so sorry."

Days could go by and it would be perfect here with her baby. 

Then she stood up, pulling her baby up with her in one arm, not caring that the dirty soles of her shoes stained her white dress. 

"Will you come with us when we leave?" Mira asked cupping her mother's face. "Daddy said we came to take you."

Oh, by the moon. George shouldn't be saying that to her. 

"I'm going to spend all my time with you and give you cake---"

"And follow us home." She added enthusiastically. "So we can decorate the house for Scardy."

She meant the Scare Season.

Zezi's eyes welled up with more tears. How would she be able to tell her that she wasn't going back with her?

Not now. 

Not now. 

Mira looked better than she had before, but it was obvious that she was still sick. She was thin, in a way that looked unhealthy, her eyes were too deep in their sockets for a six-year-old child and she was starting to look pale.

"My daughter," Aunt Alice - a short woman with slightly chubby features, and short black curly hair - pulled her into an embrace. Her eyes were filled with worry and she looked around the hall wearily. 

It seemed they were all going about their business but they knew that the vampires were looking at them, casting them curious glances, while some were wondering how many more werewolves they would have to entertain in Lavida because their King happened to be cursed with one of them as a mate. 

"Are they hurting you?" She whispered, going around her to check her, out of the blue, her hand shot up and she brushed her fingers over Zezi's neck.

She had sprinkled something on her fingers beforehand and one swipe was enough to reveal the secret beneath.

"Is he forcing himself on you?" It was a hushed whisper, a horrified one, a powerless one. One look past her was enough to know that she wasn't the only one feeling horrified and powerless.

George was standing silently behind her, looking leaner than she remembered him being. His lips were pressed together like he had no intention of ever speaking to her, and a quest of murder raged in his eyes. 

Zezi looked away, her focus on her mother who looked at her like her world had just crashed... again. 

"No, Aunt Alice."

Aunt Alice frowned. Zezi could see the screws turning in her head as she doubted that she had willingly engaged in such actions.

"Mother, don't worry so much. Tell me, how have you been?"

"Worrying about you. Ever since that talk, I've been trying to connect with you again but it was useless. Oh, Zezi," she cupped her face. "You are okay, alive---" tears made her almost choke on her words. "You are alive."

"I'm happy to see you fine too." Zezi brushed her hand over Aunt Alice's hand. She was going to cry a lot tonight, that was certain. 

Their time together was so short, and already, she could feel them running out of it. 

"We have a lot to discuss. Let's do it privately." Zezi turned away, smiling up at Mira who smiled back at her, as she started heading to the door with the intention to lead her family out of the hall. 

"You have finally arrived. My mate has been absolutely worried about you." The King joined them, and already, he was slipping his hand around Zezi's waist. 

Where did he even come from? When did he get here?

He pressed a quick kiss to her lips and Zezi jumped a little, startled. 

This wasn't something she wanted her family to see. 

"Val--" she started to say before he cut her off. 

"I've missed you." He whispered, then turned to them, catching George frowning and clenching his fists.

Perfect.

"I hope your journey here wasn't stressful at all?" 

Drama.

Oh, goody.

___
___

((Valerick wants payback for all those times Zezi said George's name instead of his. Awwn, my petty King. Lol.))


###chapter 137 - Something May Be Changing
Lady Delice had been part of the vampires to watch the reunion. It was good to see the little pup. She had enjoyed the company of little Mira when she had been in the Castle a couple of months ago. 

Her eyes watered and the urge to go to the grave to see her own little Medallion washed over her. 

Life would have been so perfect with her son. It would have held the greatest meaning and something told her that she would have been truly happy. 

"I will go with you," someone said behind her and she turned, her gaze settling on Akeem who was dressed in a nice pair of red shirt and a darker shape of pants. 

"What?"

Akeem leaned on the railing of the balcony, his gaze moving to the King, his mate, and her family who were discussing something. 

"I will go to the grave with you." He turned to her with a smile, revealing his perfect set of white teeth. "Medallion needs a visit."

She shook her head, taking a slow sip from her glass. "You know you can't come with me."

His smile slid off his face. 

"Why? I know you hate going alone."

"Akeem, please drop this."

"Zezi went with you to the grave. More than once, and you just met her. But you know me and still, " he paused, then he added with a low voice, "you never let me be there for you." 

Something ran cold in Delice's veins. 

Lately, he hadn't pester her about this. She couldn't believe they were back at it again. 

"You are there for me a lot of times."

"You know what I'm talking about, Sire."

She looked away. "You can't."

After Laura had told Delice about her child's death ten years and some months ago, something in her had snapped. She had gone feral with grief, ran into the forest, and sank her fangs into the neck of the first victim she had found. 

Akeem.

A human whose life she had disrupted by her action. She had turned him, became his Sire. Ever since then, he had been loyal to her, not just that, he had tricked himself into believing he was in love with her. 

Countless times, she had told him that the bond a Sire and a Turned shared could be confusing and very intense. She had described how she had felt about the King to him, how insanely overwhelming the feeling could be. She had discouraged him not to indulge in it, but Akeem was very determined that what is felt was more than just an attachment between a Sire and a Turned.

He treasured her, loved her. 

Something ticked in his jaws and he frowned. 

"It has been ten years and some months now. Whatever high attachments turning me had created between us, back then, I'm sure it is gone."

She shook her head, absolutely not believing it. 

"It has been more than two hundred years for me and still... I still think of my Sire."

He hadn't moved closer but it felt like he had. 

Why wasn't he understanding that she was more than a century older than him?

"You need someone else to get him off your mind, Sire. You need me." He didn't sound cocky, just sincere. Like he was stating something that couldn't be disputed. 

"You don't seem to understand what I'm saying to you. It has been more than 200 years for me, ten years is nothing. You are definitely still attached to me because I'm your Sire." 

"You were both children when it happened. There was no control and he didn't know how to do it right, I understand why the connection is strong."

Well, it sounded like while he had taken a break from pestering her with his proposal, he had been doing some research. It was impressive. 

"I was grieving when I turned you, I wasn't even thinking, I lacked control and---" she paused, her eyelids closed and trembling, as she remembered how she had felt the next day when Laura had led her to the victim she had attacked the night before. A human she had almost drained the life out of. She had regretted turning his world upside down.

But Akeem always said she saved him. He was dying from an illness and that night, he had been heading to a cliff for nature to do what he didn't have the courage to do himself.

He had been looking for something that would kill him, and he had found her instead.

He had found life in death. 

"...I made you into something incomplete."

That was true, some parts of him remained human, and still, he had access to some vampire abilities.

What she thought was a messy job, was perfection to him. He could still eat food and enjoy it like he had when he was just human. Also, his illness was gone. 

What more could he ask for?

He smiled. "I think you did well. I've told you several times, Sire, you made me perfect."

Indeed, he would always say that, but tonight, it sounded very genuine. 

Or maybe it was just the alcohol.

Delice wasn't really one to drink, but something about tonight called for it. 

Something that felt unhappy. 

She smiled, taking a long sip from the wine glass, finally emptying it. 

"You can go with me to the grave. Just once. No more after this."

Akeem straightened up. It was happening. "Yes."

"And you must keep it a secret from Laura. She doesn't know I still go there."

"Of course, Sire."

Delice nodded, "We can grab food for your stomach on our way back---"

"What can't I know about?" Laura stumbled to them, drunk. "I tried to listen but the instruments almost blew out my eardrums. I think they should be thrown into the dungeon--" she hiccuped, and Delice handed her empty glass to Akeem, putting her arms around Laura to keep her on her feet instead. 

"Laura? Are you okay?"

"Oliver is very stupid. He has something going on with Riza. I can just feel it in my bones. He is cheating on me." Then she turned to Akeem. "Leave, the important ones are talking."

Akeem bowed slightly and in a blink, he was gone. 

"That was insulting."

"What?" Laura turned back to Delice, her gaze unfocused, as she leaned against the railing and Delice, mumbling a complaint. "Their instruments are so loud! What is so happy about this. My Joining Ceremony was better."

"What you said to Akeem. We were having a conversation and it wasn't over. I think there is a better way we could have excused him. A polite way."

"I don't care. Wait---" she pulled away to look at Delice, swaying lightly on her feet. "Tell me you aren't getting into a relationship with that fetus. You can always get better. A Pureblood and will make you more than the little hybrid you are." Then, she cupped Delice's face in her hands. "Look at me. Don't settle. It will drag you down."

Delice gave her a strained smile, as Laura slipped back into her arms. 

"I need my mummy. Didn't you hear what I said before? I think Oliver is cheating on me with Riza. Comfort me," she demanded

Delice really detested being dragged into this. Especially since it had to do with Oliver. 

"Are you sure? You know she has Basit and not just that, they are very strict. Also, Riza is old enough to be his mother."

Laura rolled her eyes. 

"Oliver can be very charming. You know that." She squeezed her cheeks. "He curls his beard, and you are doing whatever he wants."

"Well, I must say, if you are this suspicious, then maybe you should speak to him."

She laughed. "He is probably out there fucking Riza, and Basit is letting him do it. They are probably having a threesome and---"

"I think you need more drinks," Delice smiled, trying to fight the unusual anger that was growing within her. 

Something was different about tonight.

Laura didn't notice though and she continued, falling all over Delice and whining. "How dare he do this to me, Mummy?"

"Laura please, behave yourself!"


###chapter 138 - Toxic Cycle and Behind Closed Doors
The effect of the alcohol seemed to have vanished from Laura immediately, and she pulled away, angry. 

"You snapped at me?"

Delice already felt sorry. 

"Laura, I'm just a little tired and---"

"Well, you are supposed to be there with me, no matter what! I'm going through one of the toughest moments of my life and you are snapping at me?"

"Laura, I apologize. I'm just in a terri---"

"You are being selfish by not comforting me. Do you know how it feels to be cheated on?"

Delice was stunned. 

Of course, she knew. Laura and Oliver made her understand that feeling perfectly.

Laura's claws dug slightly into Delice's wrists, tears dancing at the brim of her lower eyelids. 

"Oliver is cheating on me, and you are snapping at me, when I came to you with my problems? This isn't how a good friend should be. Honestly," she paused, her voice hard, "I'm very disappointed in you, Delice. You are my priority, I do everything for you. I deserve to be your priority too."

Somewhere along that, Laura's tears had vanished. She set Delice's wrists free, then left.

The words were too much, and Delice knew that something was wrong with them, but Laura was the only one she had, the pillar that held her life together, the only vampire she had gone most of her life with. They filled in the gaps in each other's lives. 

She couldn't lose her. 

So, she ran after her to play the fool and keep the cycle of their toxic friendship from breaking. 

___
___

Valerick had been a great host. 

He had asked them how their journey went, asked them if they needed anything, and showed them where the food stand was in case they were hungry. 

"I have asked my servants to prepare you two rooms, for you to pass the night, and a carriage for you to leave tomorrow morning." He concluded. 

"Tomorrow morning?" Zezi exclaimed. "But we have a lot of things to discuss, I miss them."

"They will leave tomorrow evening then."

There was no arguing with him and winning on this was impossible, not with George in the mix. She knew that, so she nodded, not saying another word about it. 

"Please, make yourself comfortable. Nicholas will be at your service for anything you need."

Just like that, Nicholas was here again. He groaned in displeasure very lowly as he joined them.

"Your Majesties." He bowed slightly in greeting before turning to the guests. "Good evening, Nicholas at your service."

He obviously hated this and Valerick knew that, but he ignored him, suppressing a smile. 

He was just so happy tonight, he couldn't really be mad about anything. 

"If you'll excuse us." 

Zezi's eyes darted to Aunt Alice at Valerick's words, signaling to her to carry Mira who had already fallen asleep on her shoulder. 

"Wait, Zezi. I have a gift for you." George spoke for the first time since they had seen each other tonight.

Zezi's body tensed up. She knew he was judging her and she could understand. They had been through torture and hell together, and here she was, next to the King of the creature bringing more of that to them; next to that creature as his Queen and mate. 

She had promised him she would come back, but now they both knew that was impossible. 

"For you." He took a step forward, and stretched out the gift bag to her and she took it.

Inside the bag was a gun framed in glass. She would recognize the initials carved on it anywhere. 

That was her first gun, it wasn't so good anymore but she had kept it for the memories it gave her. 

"George this is wonderful! Thank you for bringing it to me."

"I knew you'd love it. We are too close for me not to figure out a good gift for you that will make you genuinely happy."

Zezi tensed up and it became he j awkward when Valerick's hand tightened around her waist. "Oh, well, it's good to see the gun again."

She laughed. If she did that, maybe this moment would fade away angd everyone would move on. She could feel Valerick go rigid around her and she didn't want him doing anything that she would regret, especially not in front of Mira. 

"How about you give that to Nicholas, my love? It is time for you to see my gift and you are going to need both hands for it."

Nicholas took the gift. Aunt Alive took Mira from her before he could.

"Well, she has other gift---"

His words ceased and he went pale, the veins in his neck bulging before he finally regained himself, nearly stumbling away if not for Aunt Alice's help.

It had happened so fast, and Zezi had turned just in time to see the black lines retreating into Valerick's skin, fading away. 

"They can wait." Then he turned to Zezi with a fanged smile. "Come, darling." 

___
___

The tall doors of what seemed like a hall clicked shut and before Zezi could turn and assess the slightly echoey hall they had stepped in, Valerick had pulled her to him by her waist. Her palms were pressed flat against his chest, acting as a weak barrier between them. 

He was leaning in too close though and weakness threatened to pay her knees a visit. 

The racing of her heart must fill his ears, her shaky breath must be more than enough confirmation to him, if the bond wasn't already exposing her to him with the connection they shared. 

It was pointless to resist this effect he had on her, yet she tried. Over and over again, she tried. 

"You really like that weapon. I felt your excitement in my veins." He paused, his eyes darkening. "Why? Are you planning to use it to dig a hole through my head, darling?"

Zezi stared back at him for a couple of seconds before she laughed. "What? No." She patted his chest playfully, a smile still on her face as she explained, her voice relaxed and peaceful. "It was my first gun. I used it for my first kill and it is just so special to me."

He smiled and.. she liked it. 

His smile.

"What was your first kill?" Valerick asked, his eyes searching hers. 

"A rogue that wanted to attack Mira, when we found her in the forest close to our pack. A little sick baby in a basket, and a bad, mad wolf."

Humour glimmered in her eyes and her delight reflected in his. 

What he would give for them to always be like this.

He knew she was just caught in the moment, a moment he would certainly explode so she could see the potential they had, the great thing they could be together. 

"So you shot him?"

She nodded, feeling proud of herself and enjoying how he watched her with pride.

But alas, the intensity of the moment reminded her that she was supposed to hate him. So, she cleared her throat, and put on a blank stare. 

The risk of forming a bond deeper than they already had loomed over her head. 

No way! She was stronger than this urge, whatever it was. 

Trailing a finger on his chest, she stopped it right where his dead heart laid beneath, and dug her claw into it.  "Right here."

She was desperate for him to do something terrible, something to remind her that what she was doing was right, something from him. 

Instead, his hand curled around hers and pulled it away, his right hand still anchoring her waist, like she had done nothing to him. 

Instead, his eyes darkened, and the intoxicating scent of lust filled the air. 

By the Moon. She wasn't trying to turn him on. 

"That is very good, Zezi. I wish I had been there to see you, bathed in your prey's blood."

She froze a single claw trailed down her throat, igniting flames of desire in its path. She hadn't expected what he had said to have this effect on her.

This vampire was altering her brain, or maybe it was just his unfiltered feelings that were rushing through her veins that she couldn't help but surrender to. 

"How breathtaking you must have looked."

Fuck. 


###chapter 139 - All In Due Time
"Now I see why the gun is so close to your heart."His lips trailed the base of her neck, till he could pick the pendant of her necklace with his teeth, grazing her skin in the process. "Isn't it?"

She shuddered. "It is."

"Who gave it to you?"

She was trying to pull away. He was letting all her plans slip away from her. 

"I don't think that is important." 

"Was it part of the military supplies?"

"It really isn't---."

His fangs bit into her skin, and a gasp tumbled from her mouth. 

"Who?"

"George. It was a gift. He got into the Capital's military before I did."

"A gift. Twice now, I see."

His hands went slack around her and Zezi was very grateful for the wall that had been close enough for her to lean against for support. She shook her head, fighting to block off her side of the bond while she tried to steady her breathing.

It wasn't working, but he could do it, why couldn't she?!

Maybe because she was distracted. 

He always had her so flustered. 

This was ridiculous!

She had to do better. 

She was a war General for Moon's sake, at least, she used to be. These mere feelings couldn't be her kind's downfall. 

For the first time since she had stepped into the hall, Zezi could assess it. The hall was filled with different sculptures carved out of marble, they went all the way back till they thinned into darkness the dim golden light that lit the hall, couldn't defeat. 

What was this place?

Gwen hadn't brought her here during her first tour of the castle. It was certainly somewhere out of bounds for her. 

"You brought me here for my gift."

"It isn't here."

"Oh..." Her words trailed into silence, that seemed to echo back to her. 

"You still have feelings for the wolf."

"No, I don't," Zezi answered quickly. She wasn't ready to entertain any misunderstanding. Valerick was quick to throw others into the dungeon for her crimes, and she didn't want that. 

"Your feelings that were coursing through my veins, and the way your heart was racing at his actions, said otherwise."

Zezi's heart skipped a beat. 

She had totally forgotten the depth of the bond they now shared. It didn't feel as foreign as it used to anymore, and her panic that she was getting addicted quickly, once again spiraled through her veins.

He was misunderstanding something though and she needed to clear that up. 

"I was scared you would do something..."

"Like hurt him?" He was backing her into the arms of a sculpture.

"Not just him." When the look in his eyes darkened, she quickly added. "Valerick, they are still my family. I care about them, even George."

That was something he was still finding very hard to understand. None of the wolves she claimed were her family, truly were.

They were not related by blood, nor fate. 

Since she cared about them, that was alright. He cared too because she did, but still seeing herself as one of them instead of as a great part of Lavida, was threatening. 

He was her only real family, yet she was blind to that.

How could one love that which didn't belong to them so much, that they lose sight of what actually did?

Zezi's back hit the statue and she stopped, her breathing ragged. He leaned down towards her, his hand holding hers hostage by her wrists, and pinning them over her head. 

"You've been driving me insane a lot lately, Zezi."

Her breath caught in her throat, unable to fathom the darkness that grew in his eyes. Her gaze darted from one abyss to another. 

"I do not love George."

He gave her a fanged smile, but all she could think of was how painfully close he hovered over her. 

"You haven't told me you love me either, so I don't see how that makes anything better."

Her heart was hammering in her chest, her thoughts fleeing her. 

Her gaze zeroed on his lips and the words she said next were thoughts she didn't have to think through. "Well, I used to love him," then her eyes found his, "and now I don't."

Their lips clashed with longing, and Valerick's free hand pulled up her gown with a dangerous desperation, ripping it in the process. A groan rumbled through his chest as he slipped his hand between her thighs, his lust spiking, making the kiss violent.

Zezi's body trembled, the sensation, jolting. With Valerick's torture on her lips setting her body ablaze, and his hand luring her to madness with its quick rhythm, she could barely think. Her body arched into his, crashing right back and doing the same again as his fingers thrust into her, a thumb on her clit, moving at a pace that could kill. Their moans were consumed by the kiss, tearing through their throats and dying on the tongue of the other. She struggled to free her hands from his prison, so she could touch him, draw her claws over his chest, and tangle her fingers in his hair, but his grip around her wrists was something she couldn't fight.

It was like he was punishing her with the restraint... punishing himself.

When he finally pulled away, she could taste his blood. She bit her lips, trying to stop the throbbing. Her head pushed back against the sculpture, as the pleasure beneath started spiralling to every inch of her body. He hit a spot, and a cry bubbled through her throat. 

"Someone.is.going.to.come.in," she spoke, her words mumbled together, her dazed sight barely capturing a good view of the door. "Someone.is goi--ng to see.us."

"Let them."

His fangs bit lightly into the base of her neck, trailing her necklace, till he was torturing the swells of her breast with his tongue and his teeth, and then her stiff nipples, pressing her name into the pores of her skin.

Zezi shook her head, trying to fight his restraint once again... trying to fight him. She wanted to deprive herself of this pleasure. It just felt so forbidden to find paradise at his hands.

"Be te--rrible to m--e, please," she cried, as she wriggled beneath him and begged, with trembling lips.

"So you can fight me?"

She nodded, tears welling up in her eyes.

"There is no fighting me."

"Valerick---please!"

Her moan was a delight. 

By the Blood, he couldn't wait to take her against the sculpture, to bury himself so deep inside her that he would get lost in her welcoming wetness, while he quenched his thirst with her blood. 

She drove him insane, his loins ached from how tight he imagined her around him, and his gums hurt from his fang's need, but all in due time. 


###chapter 140 - I Am Closer
((18+ - I have a feeling I should have given this warning in the previous ###chapter too.))

Pleasure tore down her barriers, and her eyes rolled back, but Valerick pulled his hand away from her before she could welcome it. 

A protest was on the tip of her tongue, before he spun her around and pushed her into the sculpture. He groaned with pleasure as he sank his veiny length into her wet, pulsating walls. The invasion made a silent gasp escape her lips, her eyelids fell shut as she struggled around his grith, and she clawed into the sculpture so she could stay on her feet. 

"Zezi."

That pushed her towards the peak again, till his fangs settled a little too deeply against her skin, his claws dug into her thighs, and he warned, "Not until I permit it."

"Please, no." Her climax became harder to fight now that she had been instructed against it. 

His hand went in front of her, going around her neck and angling her chin, forcing her to look at him. While the other held her angled to him. He stared at her with devouring eyes, his teeth stained red with her blood.

By the Moon, why was he so beautiful? 

The pleasure made her stiff and she was tumbling into her peak again, but he slowed his pace and she cried, "Valerk---please." 

"What is so close to you now?" His voice sounded deadly, low with the force of restraint. "That gun or I?"

"Valerick," her hand was against his now, hanging onto it, so she could breathe. "pl--se let me---"

"No. That gun or---"

Tears rolled down her cheeks, as she fought against giving in to the pleasure he wouldn't let her attain. "You! You are fucking inside me."

"Good." Black lines moved over his face. "It is I. I'm closer." He pressed the words to the pores of her neck, his hand letting her neck go, as he tucked her hair behind her ears. His pace picked up too fast, leading her to a maddening struggle with a desperate plea.

"Come for me, Zezi." He sank his fangs into her neck, her warm blood quenching his thirst as she jolted against him, taut with the pleasure that wreaked her, as she fell limp against him, his name on her lips.

Her blood and her soul, fed him. 

Another thrust and he exploded into her.

Feral ecstasy.

___
___

They were still in the hall and the smell of sex was thick in the air. Zezi was struggling to pull her dress over her without success, after cleaning herself up with a handkerchief Valerick had given her. Soon enough, she huffed in frustration, giving up. 

"You ruined my dress." 

Valerick gave her a dazed look, as he wiped her blood away from his lips with his red handkerchief. His aura was still wild from drinking directly from a life source and not just that, his mate. 

He could still taste her and he wanted more. Instead of going for what he wanted though, he pulled off his jacket and put it over her shoulders, covering her up. Leaving him in a black shirt and gold vest. 

"Your maid will bring you another."

"Gwen?"

"I believe."

She pursed her lips. She wanted to argue that she really liked this dress and she hoped that he would stop ripping her dresses, but she felt too weak and too sour to do that.

Although, she had not fainted this time, it still drained her.

"I thought you were a virgin," Zezi said breathlessly, tangling her fingers in her hair. She was too weak to keep standing, so she sat down. 

Thank the Moon the floor was clean. 

He frowned.

"I knew you heard that." He shrugged, then smirked. "I have been doing some research and I have a very good teacher."

She knew he wasn't sleeping with someone else, but she was curious as to who that teacher was, and even though it felt stupid, jealousy bit at the edges of her heart. 

It had better not be Irysi, Nicholas she could tolerate, as much as she hated him. 

She wanted to ask, but he beat her to ask a question. 

"Was it good?"

She blushed. "Yeah."

He smiled. 

This was crazy. This was ridiculous. What was she doing? What---

He settled in front of her, in all his distracting glorious presence. Her hand dashed forward, combing through his hair. He hummed with content, clenching his fists by his sides. 

If he were to take her again, she would definitely faint this time. There was only so much draining her body could take, and he had a dangerously large appetite.

With time, they would get better together.

She pulled away from him, feeling a little dizzy. Her hands pulled his jacket closer, finding his first rain scent that perfumed it, comforting. It felt good to feel him against her skin. 

"I think we traumatized the sculptures. I don't think we should do this here again." 

Again? Of course, again. 

"I'll blindfold them next time."

She chuckled, "You sound ridiculous."

He smiled, "I'll blindfold you then, so you won't see them. Is that alright?"

There was silence for a moment before they laughed, but hers dwindled first and she watched him, turning her decisions over in her mind, seeing a new opening. When his eyes caught hers, she looked away, staring back at the statue she had just been fucked against.

This wasn't right. This wasn't---

"They belonged to my father." Valerick's voice snapped her out of her thinking. "I have little care for them, but they are beautiful and very expensive. Good for the Kingdom's Treasury." 

Good reasoning. 

"You haven't shown me your mother's painting yet," she turned to him. "Except that one."

A spark appeared in his eyes. "I will. All in due time." Then the spark died. 

"You taste of it tonight."

"What?"

Something about his gaze changed, and suddenly she felt like he could see through her soul, and her deepest secrets. 

Like he knew them. 

"Your baby medicine."

___

((All I'm going to say is that they need to pay for that sculpture's therapy!))


###chapter 141 - What If There Was Another Way?
"That is impossible. I didn't take it tonight." 

He smiled. 

"Yes, and why is that?"

Wheels spun in her head as she searched for an excuse that wouldn't seem suspicious. 

"It tastes nasty."

When he laughed, relief washed over her. For a second there, she had been terrified that he knew about the poison. 

It was stupid though. If he knew, she certainly wouldn't be here right now. He would have thrown her into the dungeon instead of making her his Queen and putting his people into the hands of danger. 

"Finally, something we both agree on."

Silence settled between them, till reality dawned on her and she broke it.

"I want you to stop killing my people, Valerick."

"Not this, not now." He shook his head. "Please, let me have this. It feels so good."

Before he took her against the statue was the perfect time, but she had been too weak then. She couldn't foolishly bask in something that wasn't real, and relish in something that wasn't right without a just cause. 

"You didn't need the month break again to start with the New Turning Process. How many of my people are dead, as we speak, from the new experiment?"

His frown deepened, and tension settled between them. 

"We have discussed this. I have no other choice. We need the army, or many more would die. Don't you understand that? Your people will not be so protected if I'm overthrown. Not many will tolerate the werewolves as I do, having you as my mate makes me more lenient."

She blinked. 

He was right, that was something she had thought about but she couldn't help but think there was a better way around this than just killing them to make an army of vampires out of them. 

"I understand." 

He hummed, clicking his claw against one of the pearls that beautified her hair. It wasn't as perfect as it had been before their tango though. 

"But?"

Zezi had always wanted revenge, she had wanted to kill him, wanted to kill as many vampires as she could, but right now, revenge felt like a short-sighted plan. If she killed him, another would come up, maybe a vampire even worse. But if she got freedom for her people and found a way to level the ground, there would be peace at the price of foregoing revenge. 

It was a practical plan.

"What if there was another way? How about you give us weapons that can actually do damage, so our attacks will be up to the standard you desire? I'll join your army--"

"Zezi---"

"We are strong as we are. If the weapons are not available, let us run some tests on some of your kind. We have the best scientists, we will come up with something---"

"That can kill us?" He scoffed. "You want me to put the death of my kind in the hands of your people?"

His voice was curt, stoic like he had been the first she discovered this experiment. He spoke like a King who was feared and less like her mate who wanted her to stop fighting him. 

"We will have another agreement." Words tumbled out of her mouth. It suddenly felt like she was before a panel, defending a lost cause. "We will be equals and there will be no need to fight each other."

"Equals?" Something sparked in his eyes, something she had only seen a long time ago when he had called her "adopted pup" and her "not real mate" unworthy. When he had told her he couldn't comprehend how someone could love what wasn't theirs.

Maybe "equals" was a big jump?

"Not totally, maybe?"

"And that sounds so much better." His words were laced with sarcasm.

"Maybe have another discussion with your people, a meeting with the Governors and the Lords, give me a chance to talk to them."

"Because their reception of you this evening was very warm."

"Let me try, maybe if we discuss, we can all reach an agreement---"

He stood up and she stood up after him. 

"Valerick, please."

"Discuss with them the potential of putting them all at a risk." He arched her a questioning eyebrow. "Let me see, how would the discussion go?" He gesticulated. "Governors and Lords of Lavida, shall I give the "Fur Creatures" something they may kill us with, and let us work on a unity that is not guaranteed, when our army is dwindling and we are most vulnerable to attacks. How do you like me for a King?"

Hurt shadowed in her eyes. Valerick had never referred to her as a Fur Creature and she knew that he was only doing that so she could realize she had no chance of convincing the others. 

She wasn't supposed to feel this way, his words were not supposed to mean anything.

He knelt before her, brushing her hair back with his hands, holding her gaze. 

"There is no equality in hatred, Zezi, there is only war and power. We share a bond and that is different, a flimsy agreement guarantees nothing. Arming the Kind hat seeks vengeance against us with weapons that could kill us, is unwise."

"My people are very loyal, we will honour our agreement," she searched her brain quickly for anything that could help her kind right now. "We'll make Bloodoaths---"

"Zezi, turning is of great importance. If this works, I am their Sire and they obey me. It is very hard for Early Turneds to go against their sire. That control is powerful more than anything else, even a Bloodoath. This is what Lavida needs, and I will give it to them. I will not torture you by asking you to do this with me."

There was a knock at that moment and Valerick had gone to attend to the vampire at the door. Nicholas's words flitter through the door, Zezi wasn't supposed to hear them, but one of her perks now was this impeccable hearing. 

Nicholas had brought news. 

Lord Rosil was about to leave, she planned on going back to the Right Province tomorrow.

The one that concerned her most was the next news. 

There were reports about the new experiments, some of the test subjects have died, but one has survived to the final round. They had brought that one for the King to review. If he was satisfied with the results, the Turning would begin full scale. 

Valerick had gone back to the hall to tell Zezi that he would see her soon and he needed to go right now, the bond between them felt strained and hurtful. When he clicked the door shut, and left, she begged through their link for him to reconsider but she got no answer.

She continued begging, till Gwen arrived, silently gave her dress to her, and left. She still begged, till it felt like he had shut down his side of his bond.

Only then, did she stop. 

That was alright. It was foolish of her to think this would end differently anyway. 

Foolish for her to think there was another way this could end without his death. 


###chapter 142 - George's Wolf
Luck had been on Zezi's side that night and she didn't even have to look for George before he came to her. 

He had picked the lock of the Hall of Sculptures and slipped into it, his eyes sharp with observation, until he took a step back, startled.

"I thought they were here," the words rushed out of his mouth, then he paused, his nose scrunching upwards. "Your scent has changed. You smell like them."

Even though Gwen had brought a new dress for her, it felt like George could still see her in her ripped white dress. She smoothened the sleeves of her dress with her hands, brushing her fingers lightly over the high collar after she was done.  

He knew what had happened here, and something passed in his eyes at it. 

Accusation and disappointment. 

"I was hoping we could talk." Her voice sounded firmer than she felt, and she was grateful for that.  "Tell me the situation of the Capital."

He stared at her through slanted eyes filled with emotions and he walked towards her mindlessly, as if he was being carried by the air. 

"You said you would come home." His voice was quiet. 

"George, please. Just tell me how everything--"

"My love." He captured either side of her face and he pressed his forehead against hers. "You promised me. You promised both of us."

Tears welled up in her eyes, not at the promise, but at how things had changed. Her heart no longer tugged to honour a promise to a man she no longer felt the same for. She no longer felt like her place was in his arms, and even if she had realized it before that she had stopped loving George, to be faced with the evidence of it was jarring. 

She pulled his hands away from her and backed away, blinking her tears away before they would even have time to accumulate and roll down her cheeks. 

"I told Aunt Alice to tell you to find someone else. I told her, to tell you to be happy."

"Because you are happy here?"

That wasn't something she was ready to answer. 

"Tell me about the Capital, tell me about the Packs, tell me what is really going on? You are the only one I trust to tell me the truth."

"No," he shook his head. His movement was jerky. "You didn't answer me. Are you happy here?"

"My happiness is irrelevant. The answer to my question is paramount."

He started pacing, running his hand over his lowly shaved hair, while his lips trembled with words he whispered. 

He looked different, leaner and... so different. 

"You can't be happy here. Those Bloodsuckers ruined our lives. You love us, you love Mira, you love me, Aunt Alice. You want to come back home because there is no happiness in the four walls that belong to the monsters. You want to come back home!"

"George?" She stepped closer, cautiously and he went deadly silent. 

"This whole place stinks of your infidelity." So silent were his words, so deep were their cuts. 

"He is my mate." She said before she could even think. 

"Of course. You fucking WHORE!" He raced towards her, slamming her into the nearest sculpture. 

This wasn't George. 

Not anymore. 

How could she have forgotten about his wolf?

How could she have forgotten the abuse?

His eyes were glowing red and every memory of how he had numerously brought her to the brink of death, ran through her mind, paralyzing her. 

"I am glad he sees you for who you are now." He chuckled menacingly. "You were never worthy of us. I will leave your corpse behind for him, and this time, he will be grateful."

He raised his claws, ready for a killing yank, but she pushed him off her with a force that slammed him into the wall, leaving more than one crack behind. 

George's wolf stood up, dazed. 

He was a Beta with an Alpha's blood, a common daughter of a dead Beta shouldn't be able to command the strength to send him flying into a wall, as if he was a mere pest, a fly. 

A simple inconvenience. 

She stepped closer to him, and he stepped back, shrinking slowly into himself. 

"The next time you raise your hands against me, will the last time you have hands."

A smirk snaked up his lips. 

"You will not do that to George."

She smiled, "George will be grateful."

For the first time ever since she had known George's wolf, she saw fear in his eyes. 

Fear for her. 

Good. 

He must know his place. 

"You must have no guilt, no conscience. Drawing power from that mark you bear." She turned away from him and he kept on talking. "The mark the King of the monsters gave you. Monsters that are killing us!"

"If that is your best attack, Wolf, then consider me dead from disappointment." She was only some distance close to her door. "I will speak to George when he is back. You are useless to me."

"George hated you too, he was just too much of an hounrable partner to show it. Every second, he despised you."

She stopped in front of the door, refusing to let the wolf get to her. 

"If you want to use words to attack me, then those words must have the ability to stun me. Try again when you are better."

"DO YOU THINK ANYONE WOULD HAVE LOVED THE STEPSISTER OF HIS OWN MATE?!"

Zezi's hand ghosted over the doorknob, heat danced at her back and silence threw the hall into violent peace.

"Stunned yet?" He mocked. 

She shrugged, turning back to him. The victorious glint in his red eyes made her angry. She really needed to talk to George, she had no time for this. 

"No, I expected you to do more than tell silly lies. Be creative."

"Silly lies?" It was his turn to arch her an eyebrow. "It is the truth."

Zezi would be a fool to believe his words. George never said anything about having a mate, and she didn't have a stepsister. 

If she had, she would know. 

"Think about it," he brushed off the dust on his shirt. "Why did George willingly agree to be your mate if there was hope that he would find his?"

Before she could speak, he held a finger up. 

"About your stepsister, remember that pup without a wolf that was sent out of the pack with her mother." A devilish smile cast on her lips. "Try to remember, what happened that night with your parents. They fought didn't they?"

All trace of arguing slipped away from Zezi, a chill slowly captured her heart and all she could do was remember.

"It was rough, wasn't it? So much shouting like you had never seen before?" 

Yes, that was the first night she had ever seen her parents fight. It was the night the daughter of one of the Pack members had been tested. Her father had the grimmest look on his face when she had failed, but Zezi had thought he was just unhappy for the poor fatherless child. 

There was no way, that girl was her father's daughter. She had never seen her father and that woman together before, they didn't really live within the pack either, they lived around the border.

Her hands clenched by her sides and she struggled with the information. She shook her head. 

He was lying and she would be a fool to believe him. 

Her parents had probably been fighting that night because one of them didn't want the woman and her daughter to get banished, because her parents were just that caring. The daughter of that woman had no father, it must be---

George's wolf was lying!

"It was so rough, you had to run away."

"You are wasting your time. Your lies won't work on me." 

"And when you saw George by the river, he was crying too." 

Her heart was hammering in her chest and she was struggling to control how much of her emotions Valerick would get. She didn't want him busting through the door, and throwing George into the dungeon for something his wolf had done. 

This was all a lie!

Nobody had to get hurt because of a lie.

She didn't have a stepsister and her stepsister wasn't George's fated mate.

There was no stepsister!

"George would never shed a tear for a stranger, except if she was more than a stranger. Our fated mate."

"You should really get creative." Without turning to the door, her hand found the doorknob, but her grip trembled around it, she couldn't find the strength to open the door and leave. 

To put a stop to this insanity.

She just couldn't. 

"Do you remember the dying girl at the border? The one we took you straight to after the Bloodsuckers' attack?" There was so much pain in his voice that it could have tricked her. 

Or maybe it was tricking her because tears clouded her sight, and all she could see was the girl at the border, taking her last breath in George's arms, next to her dead mother. 

The girl had looked at her with warmness in her eyes and said, "Please take care of her for me."

It was something she couldn't make sense of then, and something she refused to overthink now.

He was lying!

"We have more than one reason to hate the Bloodsuckers. They took everything from us. Took our family, took our mate!" He paced in front of her with rage. Then he stopped and she felt the heat of his gaze on her but she refused to look because then he would see how much his words affected her, then she would have lost. 

By the Moon, he was lying!

"George would have told me. George would never hide something like this from me."

He laughed, low and dry.

"He never would let me say it. I think he hangs on to you because of the promise he made our Ria. I think he sees her in you, just as she had seen a little sister."


###chapter 143 - A Whisper; They Are Back.
"I don't believe you?"

He was lying, she repeated to herself over and over again, even though she was already believing it. 

He was lying. 

By the Moon, it was George's wolf!

The only thing George's wolf has ever wanted to do to her was hurt her.

"Then ask him yourself."

The red eyes were gone and now all she could see was George. He blinked, panic filling his eyes. 

"My love---"

"Is it true?" 

She couldn't even believe that she was asking this.

Darkness shadowed his eyes. When he finally spoke, his voice sounded quiet, foreign, and wild.

So unlike George, so much like his wolf but it was still George, of that she was sure.

"You were not supposed to know."

He rushed towards her with intent and pressed his thumb against her forehead. Immediately, her memories started to fade away.

Adrenaline rushed in, and her hands yanked him away from her with an unrestrained force.

"How. Dare. You?!" Rage laced her words, the pain of betrayal sent her heart thundering.

George stood up, his hands trembling by his sides as he covered the distance between them in quick, mad strides, confusion and desperation tussling in his eyes.

"I'm sorry." The words slipped out of his mouth quicker than his trembling lips moved. "I don't know what to do. I can't---- I---" his words were running over one another, his breathing was loud and laboured. He stopped when she took a step back, pain settling in the pit of his stomach when he realized for that split moment that she considered him a source of danger.

Him and not his wolf.

"George?"

He stretched his hands forward, his palms flat, as if that would make the whole world stand still so that he could think.

"I'msorry---I.shouldn't.have-- forgive me. Please, my love!" He shouted when the hope of eventual forgiveness didn't seep into her eyes as it always would after his wolf's usual attack on her.

He ran his hands over his head, swearing sharply beneath his breath. 

"I just don't know what to do! I can't lose you!"

Zezi frowned, her lips pressed tightly. Many things raged in her mind, the secret and George's attempt to wipe her memory clean because of it.

She had seen George use his power on many before - many times it had been to protect her, it had been for her - never on her.

The betrayal made her sick to her gut.

He was probably hanging onto her as the last connection he had to his mate. He wanted her to remain in oblivion, he wanted both of them to continue living a lie.

By the Moon, she had a step-sister!

One that was dead.

Her father cheated.

Her dead stepsister was George's mate. 

It all made sense now, perfect sense.

"I need a drink. We'll talk later. We need to discuss the Capital's situation and what we must do next." The words slipped past her lips mindlessly as she headed for the door, not allowing George's desperate words to get to her, or the heart-wrenching cry that ripped through his throat and followed her into the hallway, until the door was sealed shut. 

"Enjoy the party." 

This time around, her voice trembled so much more than she thought it would. 

_____
_____

Vampires drank a different type of wine, one that was too strong for werewolves to handle. 

Zezi had only had a glass to wash down her misery, when it had all begun. 

It had started with clickings, sharp and distant sounds. They banished the music, as their dread washed over the instrumentalists and everyone.

The air was eerily cold as the clickings drew closer quicker than it was normal.

It was as if it was produced by something unimaginably fast. 

So fast that seconds felt like hours. 

Fear formed a lump in Zezi's throat, her heart thundered in her chest and tension swallowed the hall, as everyone exchanged petrified looks. 

Flashes raced in her mind. Blood and death. 

She could feel it in her veins. 

It was suddenly that night of the attack all over again. 

"Volakys," the air carried the distant whisper into Zezi's ears. The doors suddenly bolted open, the splintered pieces flying into the hall, the clickings now closer than ever. 

The Volakys were horrifying pale creatures, with long, dangling tongues that dripped of blood and green venom, long fangs that dripped of the same, and two holes on their massive forehead that seemed to smell it all, every other space on their heads was covered with multiple small eyes. Glistering scaly green skin that somehow carried with it a whiff of rotten flesh, claws as long and sharp looking as blades, and the clickings they made from the flapping of the two ear-like things attached to either side of the base of their necks.

Zezi sucked in a breath.

Now this was a monster. 

Five of them crowded the hall's doorway. That was more than enough to kill them all.

She must leave here at once to protect her family. 

"Valerick...." Her mind whispered.

Out of nowhere, the glass in Zezi's hand disappeared and a cold hand went around her wrist tightly. 

This was the first since she had known Nicholas that she had been overjoyed to see him. 

The crowd became a blur, and time ticked by normally again. 

He was about to pull her into a secret passage in the wall, as a fight erupted in the hall between the vampires and the Volakys, when Zezi had seen something petrifying.

Her daughter was within the chaos.

Sleepwalking towards a table of bottled blood, while a Volaky's head turned towards her unsuspecting Mira.

Not one second of thinking did Zezi allow before she broke free from Nicholas and charged into danger to save her child, not thinking about the Volaky that charged behind her as it swatted Nicholas away like an annoying fly.

Zezi never made it to her daughter. 

Volakys were fast, very fast and it didn't help the situation that a very wild Valerick had burst into the hall and yanked her away from the scene, Mira's scream following after her.

"No! My daughter!"

All Zezi saw before her environment faded into a complete blur was Delice ripping out the regenerating head of the Volaky that had planned Mira as its prey, the poisonous fangs dug into her arm, and that madness in Delice's eyes.

George was there too, his massive wolf on a rampage, fur matter with blood - his blood. 

But Mira? 

She couldn't find Mira, but she had seen the shredded pieces of her blue nightgown on the floor stained with blood. 

"Save my daughter! Save Mira!" Her voice was lost with the speed, falling on Valerick's deaf ears, whose only priority was to save that to save that one who was his. 

No one else... but his Zezi. 


###chapter 144 - Has He Forgotten Her?
The chaos raged on beneath, and then the chaos died.

It raged on again, died again, still there in the darkness she remained. 

Zezi had stopped her clawing at the walls and her mad senseless banging to bring the barriers down, so she could save her daughter whose voice her enhanced hearing hadn't brought to her ears since that scream.

Languishing moments dragged on, till she was spent and all she could do was slip to the wall and pray to the Moon that Mira was alright while she tried to shake away the memory of the blood and her blue dress. 

Valerick was gone the moment he had tossed her in here, ordering her with a rugged voice to stay, his dark eyes glinting sparks of red. 

It frightened her and for that little moment, the shock had stilled her. 

At that same moment, he was gone. 

Zezi couldn't tell how long it must have been now, all she knew was that the chaos had been over for quite some time.

She could no longer hear the clickings, she could hear nothing and it made her wonder if the Volakys were still alive. 

Wait... how?

The Volakys were the creatures of the former King, the war that happened ten years ago had killed them all, along with the former King. So if the Volakys were dead, how then did five of them attack tonight?

Who was behind this?

Laura, her mind yelled to her.

That fucking princess. 

She would kill her after this. 

Zezi gritted her teeth, her eyes watering with tears, the suffocation and her helplessness of the situation getting to her. 

Once again, she was stretching into the bond but all she could feel from the other side was bitterness - negative emotions tussled together - with a strength so overwhelmingly strong, it made her recoil.

It was too much for her head, she pulled away. 

He was still alive, she could feel him.

Good. 

This time, her mind didn't argue that.

With the change of situation, and the suspicion she had now, it was better for the werewolves that Valerick remained alive.

If the former King was still somehow alive after all these years, then it was best that the only one who had been able to face him back then, would be able to face him again.

She pulled her trembling hands to the side of her head, her heart racing and her breath caught up in her throat, but still forcing its way out of her lungs. 

She could suffocate on how much she was taking in and losing.

Alive... Alive...

Mira, George, Aunt Alice, Gwen, Lady Delice...

Were they alive?

She sprung up to her feet when she heard the door click open, sensing him before he could come within her line of sight.

Darkness wafted around him. His white attire had been smeared with blood and the green venom from the Volakys. Darkness wafted around him, engulfing every space around him. Even in the darkness, the aura that he brought made it different, and distinct. The dark veins she knew very well were cobwebbed beneath his skin and there was no trace of white in his eyes, but those flecks of red like sparks of lightning remained. 

His presence filled the room, and even though there was distance between them, the space felt non-existent. 

He slumped against a side of the room, pushing a bloodied hand through his hair, as he threw his head back against the wall. 

Tired. 

Cautious steps were what she took towards him, but at the first one, his attention snapped to her and he sent her a predatory glare, showing his already protruding fangs. 

Zezi froze, resisting the urge to blink while her heart banged in her ears at the implication of what was happening. 

"It is I, Valerick." Her hand crawled up to her chest. "Your mate."

He seemed to have relaxed a little when he heard that, but with the next step, he stretched his curled fists on the floor, showing his long blade-like claws.

Those claws that had gone through the Volakys tonight, leaving behind stains of blood and their venom.

It was a threat. 

A silent gasp slipped out of her mouth. 

He couldn't recognize her? 

What happened tonight must have thrown him into such a defensive state that it was blocking off some memories. 

He knew she was important though, if not, he wouldn't have brought her here, and he wouldn't have come back to her.

She needed to know if her family was alive. She couldn't wait till this would pass over. Mira could be somewhere in need of help right now!

What if her daughter was dying?

Dying! Not dead. Not dead. 

She trembled with this thought and he watched. 

Then she turned to him, staying put. 

"Is my family alive?"

His look was grave, like he didn't even understand her question. What had happened to him? 

She tried to reach out to the bond again and there was nothing.

"Did you see Mira?" she asked, "please take me to her---"

Her questions accomplished two purposes, distracting him and expressing her absolute need for answers.

When she got close, he still looked on edge. 

Valerick was smeared with a lot of blood and green venom. It made a part of her heart sick with worry. Her hands ached to touch him, as if to confirm and comfort herself that he wasn't a ghost. 

That he was fine. 

Before her hands could trail his face though, he had swiftly moved to another corner of the room, far away from her.

Zezi frowned.

Green venom--- she had seen that before, and she wasn't talking about tonight. It reminded her of that dinner, when she had cleaned a trail of something like that off his cheek. Valerick must have fought with a Volaky back then too.

What was going on here? Were these Volakys somewhere in the Castle? Was the former King in the Castle too? Did Valerick know about all this?

The blood and the blue dress flashed in her mind again. By the Moon, was her daughter alright? Did anyone survive tonight besides her and Valerick? 

These questions were driving her to madness.

Hours must have gone by, Zezi couldn't tell.

Along the line of thinking about the possibility that everyone was dead, and being unable to approach Valerick; so he could let her out of the room, Zezi absentmindedly started saying one of those bedtime stories she would tell Mira.

He had drawn nearer, knelt in front of her, and rested a hand on her chest.

She froze, ignoring the putrid smell of the venom, as she watched the storm in his eyes died out, while recognition seeped in, his gaze focused on where he had his hand pressed against. 

"Heartbeat. Mine." He sighed, then he rested his forehead against her chest and her fingers instinctively slipped into his matted hair, the sparks between them flying irrespective of the situation. 

"Zezi."


###chapter 145 - This One Needs Blood
"Drop that dog and let them take care of you!"

The castle had been shut down, all doors were locked. No one could come and and no one could go out.

There were many a few injured guests, and many dying ones.

The King had disappeared right after killing the last of Volaky, his mate disappearing long before. The bodies of the dead Volakys still stunk up the big hall, but everyone was too busy trying to survive that they paid it no mind. They were all trying to get the attention of the limited Physicians so they could survive. The tables were no longer filled up with bottles and glasses of wine, cake or decorations but vampires that had received the worst hits of tonight's event. 

The blood that was meant for refreshments during the ceremony, was now a necessity in the first aid kit. 

The Physicians shouted their need for more, and the lucky ones who had been too busy with one thing or the other outside the hall at the time of the attack, were sent to the reservoir for more.

Gwen was one of those lucky ones. She was even luckier because her family had left the vicinity of the castle by the time of the attack. 

Mira wasn't that lucky though. The little pup was dying, just as the one holding her to her chest was. The Volaky's venom was spreading through Delice's arm fast, she needed attention but Nicholas could only attend to one of them. The care of any one of them, would lead to uncertainty for the survival of the other. 

Aunt Alice was somewhere among the choas, screaming for someone to look for her grandchild without the knowledge of what had happened to her, while desperately trying to revive who was unconsciously bleeding out in his wolf's form. She was making use of a syrup someone had hurriedly thrown to her direction. 

It was probably meant for the dying vampire behind her, because who want to care for a disgusting fur creature, when they could use the antidote for their own.

Well, too bad for the dying vampire. For to each, their own.

"I said, drop that fur creature!" Laura screamed at Delice, who was trembling as blood slipped down her arm that should have healed up by now if not for the Volakys's venom. 

"She is dying, Laura!" Delice snapped, pushing Mira into Nicholas busy arms. He received the pup without questions, inspecting the gaping wound that lined the child's stomach.

"She is not even yours." Laura shouted, trying to make herself audible over the commands that flew in the air. 

"More water!"

"Needles here!"

"On it!"

"We need to stitch."

"Blood!"

"Here!"

"More blood!"

"On it!"

"Hurry!"

Dizziness swayed Delice's step and Laura rushed to her side so she wouldn't slump. Her infected hand dangled lifelessly by her side. She was turning green, looking even more lifeless than a vampire should. 

"You are dying." Laura's voice trembled. She was the less injured one in this situation and at that moment, she wished she had been the one taking Delice's place instead.

She ripped out a part of her gown and tied it some distance above the wound, further up than she had tied it just a few minutes ago to slow down the spread of the venom.

"Don't you dare leave me!" Laura gritted, her teary eyes searching the crowd for any free physician. She didn't find any but she found Lord Rosil attending to ex-general Basit, while Riza was running off to get them something Lord Rosil must have sent her to fetch. 

Without hesitation, Laura pulled Delice along with her, tossed the dying ex-general Basit off the table, and laid Delice in his place.

"Take care of her."

"The vampire has little time." Lord Rosil said, concern in her eyes. 

Laura's gaze snapped to Basit, his eyes pleading because his mouth couldn't. She looked away, her grip around Delice ensuring she wouldn't leave the table. It was a good thing her foggy mind was distracted by the fur creature's wellbeing, or else she would have fought for General Basit to be attended to.

"He can die if he wants to. Bring my Delice to good health." Her red eyes blazed with a threat at Lord Rosil's hesitation. "That is an order." 

She kicked into action after that, Basit long forgotten, as she unwrapped the cloth that had been tied around Delice's arm. Screams of agony ranged from the depth of her throat, and Delice fought against Laura's grip to get off the table as Lord Rosil tried her best to get the venom out. 

Her fight was futile, Laura was stronger. 

"Use your magic, witch!"

"It is---"

"USE. IT!" 

"I haven't used it in a long time, I don't know---" her voice didn't tremble, but the power dynamic between them kept her in check.

"Use it, it is better than whatever this is." Laura snapped and Lord Rosil kicked into action again. "You dare not leave me." That was Delice. 

A sigh slipped out of Delice's lips at the slight relief, she could feel the venom slowly vanishing from her veins, easing away from her. 

Volaky's venom was very deadly. First, it killed their special abilities in seconds, zeroed them into something without their powers. After that, it would just kill them.

For as the vampires were to the werewolves, so were the Volakys to the vampires. 

Each unkillable terror to the other.

"I can't hear her breathing." Delice whispered, her eyes searching through the busy crowd of patients, physicians and wailing vampires that their loved ones had already been confirmed gone - straight to Nicholas who had that look that she recognized all too well, in his eyes.

Panic set in her veins. 

"She is not going to survive."

"Focus on yourself." Laura silenced her.

A poor attempt.

"It will kill Zezi if her daughter is gone."

"Focus on your recovery. I don't even know if you will make it." Their gazes clashed as Laura hovered over her. Anger, desperation and tears of am uncertain loss.

"I don't want her to feel what I felt, you know. I don't want her to have to build a home in a graveyard for her Medallion."

Laura blinked the tears welling up in her eyes away, trying to understand this madness and misplaced priority, ready to fight it off with logicality.

Delice didn't give her the luxury of two seconds, in a flash, she fought off Laura's hold with strength she didn't command before, ignoring Lord Rosil's warning of her need to stay put because she was now in the dangerous state for the venom removal.

"You will die if you don't complete it, Lady Delice."

Lord Rosil wasn't lying, Delice could already feel it. The venom was gone now but she was losing too much blood. Her body was weak and it would take time for her powers to return. Time that she didn't have. Right now, she was no longer a vampire. The venom had paralyzed that ability. 

Right now, she was what she used to be. A weak werewolf without a wolf. 

A nothing. 

She ignored all that, driven by her need to save this girl from falling into the hands of death. There was nothing connecting the two experiences together, but in her mind they were connected. For her son, she didn't have a chance to save him, but for this one, a chance presented itself. 

It felt like an opportunity to finally get rid of her guilt. 

A second chance.

"What does she need Nicholas?"

"The venom isn't in her veins but that cut might just kill her. She has been starved for too many years, she is practically dying before now." The words slipped out of his mouth with anger, as a maid rushed towards him.

"We have no blood."

"In the supply?"

"There is no blood, sir!"

"Blood?" The word slipped out of Delice mouth, her gaze shifted to both of them. "But she is werewolf."

"That is what I thought too, but she isn't. I know a vampire when I treat one, and this one needs blood." 


###chapter 146 - Who Have You Become?
"She is going to die."

Delice shook off her confusion at Nicholas' previous words, and against her better judgment, she slit her palm open with a broken wine glass. 

It had been a long time since she had felt pain from simple cuts like this one, watched her blood flow, and felt drained. 

That was what little Mira did when she had her cold lips fastened against the cut, and soon enough fangs. 

Delice's eyes went wide, so it was true. 

She was indeed a vampire. 

____
____


Of all the things Zezi could have thought of coming back to, never could she have imagined it to be her daughter being a vampire. 

It was a bizarre thing to even suggest and had she not seen Mira being fed blood and accepting it even in her unconscious state, she wouldn't have believed it.

Last night was by far the longest night of Zezi's life. This morning, in this quiet room of her Mira, George, and Aunt Alice, was starting to feel like the longest morning of her life too.

Time just seemed to crawl by and the rising sun brought no comfort. 

"They are trying to brainwash us." George's voice finally cut through the silence in the room. 

For him, he had woken up to this news, all strapped with bandages from the cuts that had put him to unconsciousness faster than any vampire, as if that wasn't already terrible enough. 

He had barely been able to get the bearing of where he was before they had slammed him with it. 

He had woken up to this!

George's eyes didn't leave Mira from where he stood against the wall, his daughter who hadn't as much as blinked or moved away from the bed she had been laid upon. All she had been doing ever since she had been moved to this room was drinking more and more blood!

By the Moon! Like all those fucking Bloodsuckers!

Still, she looked so pale. Although, Mira was always sick and never healthy, she had never been this pale! 

Or had she?

Her wound was still wrapped securely with bandages, but it didn't smell like it was getting better. Was this blood-drinking feast even doing anything?

Of course not, his lovely Mira couldn't be one of the monsters he had hated his entire life. 

They were lying, George was sure of it!

How they were able to make this possible, he didn't know and he didn't need to. He already knew all he needed to know concerning this and it was that they were lying.

"This cannot be true. If she was a vampire, we would have known all these years. I mean Mira is going to be seven." He chuckled dryly as he limped towards the bed, taking in a deep rough, breath.

There was someone different about the way Mira smelt, something lifeless, but that must just be because of the attack of those crazy things.

Volakys, they had called them. 

Monsters, all of them!

He knelt next to Zezi, who hadn't said a word since she had been informed of Mira's state, he could smell that Bloodsucker King all over her, it irritated him, absolutely repulsed by it.

His hand reached for hers that was interlocked with Mira's but that lifeless aura hit him again, and placed his hand on Zezi's shoulder instead. 

"Let us run away now that we can. They are all too busy, it will take time for them to notice we are gone, even him. He is not here." He paused for a breath. "We will put all this behind us and we can be the family we used to be. Right, Mum?" He looked at Aunt Alice for validation, instead, the woman sank further into her lonely sofa, her arms across her chest and tears in her eyes. 

The only thing she was worried about was Mira coming back to life. 

"I tucked her into bed," her voice trembled. "Just five minutes. I went to use the bathroom for five minutes, if only I had just stayed for a few more moments, maybe this would have happened. I would have tucked her right back into bed and maybe by then, it would have been safe." Tears rolled down her cheeks. 

Sleepwalking was something Mira had developed after Zezi had been taken away from them. Aunt Alice believed that it had happened because she felt it in her soul that she was searching for her mother, now it seemed the pup had been searching for something else. 

"My love," George whispered, burying his face against her neck and pulling away immediately when that scent that irritated him the most poured into his lungs. "We can fix this. We can fix everything, just come with me. For the sake of our daughter, my love."

Zezi's eyes which were red with tears and sleep deprivation, slowly turned to him. 

George loved to live in a lie, using it as a coping mechanism for the harsh truth. 

It was a fearful way to live, it had no peace and she had no business doing that. 

She wasn't like him. 

Silent words slipped through his lips at the look she gave him. "I am sorry, I really am. For lying to you, I am so sorry. I did it to protect you, to prevent this." He gestured only for a moment before his hand returned to her shoulder. "Please, don't doubt that I love you. You were not a duty to me, you have never been. Maybe at the beginning, but please, Zezi I love you. I choose you and you choose me---"

"George," her lips trembled as tears welled up in her eyes. "Our daughter is dying in this bed, and that is all you can think about?"

Eyeballs moved from side to side in a crazy manner, it looked like he was losing his mind. 

"I'm thinking of a way out. This place is killing us. Once we escape, our lives will go back to normal. We won't go back to Teeland. No, we will get on a ship and sail away silently. I have made arrangements."

She shrugged off his hand. 

"I am not going anywhere with you! Face the truth!"

"My daughter is not a monster." He gritted each word between his teeth and rose to his feet threateningly slow. 

Former Zezi would have been afraid of his flashing red eyes, but that wasn't what made her worried. It was the jerky movements his head made as he spoke, that had her wrapped in confusion. 

What was that?

"They have done something to her, just as they did to Alpha Grey and Luna Sky. Just as they have done to me!" 

Zezi's hands tightened around Mira's hand gently. 

No.

Not again, her mind repeated.

Not another mind-numbing truth to shatter her again. 

Ah, by the Moon, maybe she wasn't so different from George after all. Wanting to run away from the harsh truth. 

"Luna Sky is dead. Her wolf rejected the process, and Alpha Grey survived it, but I don't think it will be for long. The process isn't safe at all. It is killing us, I can feel it. They brought him here for the Bloodsucker King to access and approve so they may begin the operation on a full scale." The head jerking made him pause. "That was why we were late, it was almost impossible for them to bring him here." It made him pause again. "If he dies they will attribute it to his mate's death instead of the process, but that is what is killing him and killing us all." A pause, it wasn't the jerking this time. "I was trying to break him out last night, when I stumbled into that hall. He is here, in this castle and he is dying."

He nodded and stepped back. 

"Do you know why my head is shaven completely, the process has begun for me and I am in the fourth stage. Once he shoots his approval, they will shift me into the fifth stage and I am here which makes it easier for them. I knew all these risks yet here I am instead of escaping." He gestured to himself, his eyes red with tears. "Here I am, my Love, because of you."

No response came from her. 

"Zezi."

She still kept that blank look and his gaze lit with rage. 

"Why aren't you fighting for us?" His voice was low, seething. "No, this is not the Zezi I know. What have they done to you? Who are you? Who have you become?"

After the series of questions and not having any reaction from her, he responded, disappointed.

"He has tamed you."


###chapter 147 - Past Problems Popping Up
Valerick scanned the room as he stepped in before even a word would slip out of his mouth. Only his mate and the little one were there. Good, after his long day, she was the only one he wanted to come back to.

Time for accountability.

"As one of my Turned, I had to feed Delice some of my blood so we wouldn't lose her soul. She is recovering now."

He shut the door behind him and looked straight at her. His mate was sitting by the little one's bedside. It looked like she hadn't left that space for a long time. 

His steps lessened the distance between them.

"That was where I had been the whole morning. Also, Nicholas and I had to do some damage control and conduct an investigation on the attack. We had to set up a team for that. We are not done yet, the team has continued without me. We are heading somewhere, I believe we will have this resolved soon."

Finally, he was right by her side. 

"I should have been here with you, I am sorry that I wasn't."

Zezi looked away wordlessly, her gaze settling back on her daughter. 

"Nicholas told me she is doing fine, he has informed me of her peculiar situation."

"So you came to check on her?"

"Of course." He looked at Zezi, something about his gesture implying that he had come to see her too. It brought her great relief that he was here. That rain aura he carried with him was unbelievably pleasing. "They will be conducting some tests when she wakes up and it is confirmed that it is safe enough to draw blood."

"For what?" Her voice squeaked. She knew what it would possibly be for but that wasn't something she felt strong enough to confront just yet. 

"Her lineage," Valerick said curtly. He was using that "King's" tone with her again. "She is one of my own now and everything must be confirmed and documented for important purposes. We must know what Blood she is from and---"

"I'm her mother, Valerick." She cut him off sharply. "Mira is my daughter."

A moment of silence passed between them, and he moved next to her, slipping his hand around hers that was interlocked with her daughter's.

It made her feel less alone. He made her feel less alone.

"She is," he answered quietly. 

She nodded. "I just needed you to understand that."

The distance between them was a hair's breadth, the world seemed to have gone still, allowing only them to exist within this moment.

"I understand."

"Good." Zezi blinked, the moment broken. 

Tears returned to her eyes, as well as all those words that had been spoken to her during these past painful hours. 

She sucked in a heavy breath and words pushed out of her mouth in a muddled mess, as her world crashes around her. She just couldn't hold it together anymore. 

"You are the reason for everything that has gone wrong in my life. You and your kind."

She didn't need to ask if anything that George had said was true, she knew it was. Valerick was more than capable of pulling all those accusations off, while pretending to her that everything was alright with the universe.

He had done it before. 

Valerick.

Oh, Valerick. 

This mate that was hers. 

"We are not doing this." It was a firm statement. "There are far more pressing matters that demand my attention." He was rolling up the sleeves of his white shirt now, tugging on his collars and putting distance between them. 

Their contact gone. 

Good, she needed that. 

Too much of him made her unable to think. 

"If you hadn't stolen me away I would have saved my daughter."

"You would have died." He huffed. "Don't be delusional." 

"I would have died saving her and it would have been better than this." She gestured to her daughter laying in bed, her breathing almost too faint to be noticed. "I don't care if you don't understand the concept of," she air-quoted the words, "saving that which isn't yours" but--"

"She is your daughter, that is perfectly understood." He tilted his head to a side, silencing her before she could say something else. "Also, I understand the whole concept of your family being more than real blood and fated relations. I have learnt well." He folded his arms across his bulging chest. "With this foundational knowledge of yours, you should have no problem understanding my perspective. You are my mate, and I protect that which is mine."

His words had stunned her but she went on anyway. 

"You should have saved my daughter instead."

He shrugged. "Label me selfish, I do not care. I will do it all over again if I must. To me, you will always come first."

It was her turn to scoff, as she held on to her daughter's cold hands once again.

"I am important, uh? Is that it? Then how about my proposal? Stop killing by kind by changing us, give us weapons---" Her words dissolved into silence, at the rejection that hardened in the features of his face.

She shook her head and looked away. 

His people would always come first.

"You are such a liar, Your Majesty."

The battle of hurtful words had begun. 

"You are a liar too, but so far I haven't lied to you, but you have been the one lying to me over and over again."

"Hiding the truth is nothing better than lying."

Did he know about the poison?

Her heart skipped a beat at that question and she searched his eyes to find the answer, searched the bond she was now realizing he had blocked for quite some time now. 

"You said you would give us a fair chance but you didn't. You were never fair with me." He hadn't moved any closer, the the distance between them had shrunk this one held with it tension. "Or have you? Look at me, Zezi, and tell me you have been fair. You know you haven't."

Her heart dropped. 

Oh by the Moon, did he? 


###chapter 148 - Murderous Monster
She tried to control her heartbeat, control her feelings. 

She must stay in control. 

"Nothing about this is fair."

"I do not deserve how much hate you give me, Zezi."

Relief settled in her chest like cold water. 

He didn't know. 

Of course, he didn't know. There was no way he would have known of the poison and still made her his Queen. 

No, he would have thrown her into the dungeon instead.

There was nothing for her to worry about... except her daughter and everything surrounding the recent attack. 

"If my daughter dies, I will never forgive you. I won't let your kind take one more special person from me. Even if the guilty one is also death to yours."

"I am tired of this." There was resignation in his quiet voice, and without giving her a second look, he shut the door behind him. 

Zezi was unmoved, at least that was what she had convinced herself that she felt. 

Nothing.

It wasn't after an hour after he left, did she realized how stupid a move that had been. 

She should have hidden her feelings to get answers from him about the probable existence of the Volakys in the Castle, and of the former king, if he was still alive.

Quickly, she sent Gwen to help her get Aunt Alice, so that she could take her place by Mira's bedside, while she went after Valerick to get answers to her questions.

Gwen had not been her chatty self after the attack and Zezi was absolutely grateful for that at the beginning, until she began to worry. 

"Did your family get home safe? Were you hurt?" She had asked and Gwen had answered that her family was alright. She was only worried about her Mistress and her pup, and the whole Kingdom of Lavida. 

"The Volakys are nightmares. We thought they were gone and we would never have to face them again. We thought this over." There had been shadows beneath her eyes, a hint of wildness and agitation consuming her aura. "But there is no need to worry, our King will take care of everything and your little bat will be alright." Gwen had flashed her a smile, before letting out a horrified gasp.

"I can't believe they ruined your Joining Night! Those overripe bastards!"

Ah, there she was!

Her Gwen.

After that conversation, Zezi didn't worry about Gwen anymore, and they barely had any more conversations.

The door pushed open quietly, and Aunt Alice stepped in. It had been barely four minutes since she had sent Gwen to get her. 

That vampire moved quickly.

"George has been through a lot." Aunt Alice said when she got to the room, "Many treatments, many experiments, whatever he does please consider that he does it because he loves you."

"Mother, you don't know what I do."

Aunt Alice didn't know the extent of George Wolf's abuse because Zezi was always lying to her about it, not only that, her quick healing abilities made it easy to hide. She didn't know about George's fated mate, something she had just discovered yesterday. 

There were just so many things about their relationship that her mother didn't know about. 

Just like she was now discovering that there were so many things she didn't know about Mira. 

"Whatever it is, he has been there for you. That should be worth more than whatever that monster is providing." There was disgust in her motherly gaze as her eyes zeroed in on the fading hickeys that littered Zezi's neck, one that she had even forgotten about by now. 

Zezi made no attempt to cover it, instead, she chuckled dryly. "They said our Mira might be part of those monsters we dread so much."

"They are lying." She nodded. "I believe him, and if you could see the state of the Capital, you would believe him too. The Bloodsuckers only want to use us, they don't care how much it kills us. I know hearts can be complicated especially when the matebond is involved but no matter how easily swayed your heart has been for all those," she gestured to her neck and this disgust in her eyes this time made Zezi recoil.

Warm, slightly wrinkled palms cupped her face. Words spoken with a gentle voice, redirecting her. 

"A monster will always remain a monster. Remember that. That monster is the King of them all, he will always choose his kind but George?" she smiled. "That boy will always choose you. Remember where you came from, remember where you are, and think about it." 

Then she pressed a kiss to her forehead, brushing her hand over Zezi's hair. 

"Think about it."

____
____

Fur, blood, and bodies littered the floor like fallen rose petals, twisted in ridiculous shapes with eyes as white as pearls; devoid of every black they should have in them, and flesh the color of bloodless veins. 

In the midst of it all, stood Valerick. Feral as his fangs dug into the neck of another prey whose screams rang through the lifeless hall, cutting off sharply before it could get anywhere. The black cobwebbed lines from Valerick had extended to him, draining away his soul, offering him a painful death.

Soon enough, the prey was tossed aside. Limp, soulless and lifeless, he joined the rest of the petals. 

A squeak.

Valerick's ears perked.

There was still one more. 

The hunt that followed was quick and easy. 

With mouth and claws dipped with blood, soulless black eyes, and a haunting aura that defined feral, Valerick watched his last prey as she attempted to scurry away. She whimpered and begged to be spared, but to those words, he paid no heed.  

"Necessary casualties." His fangs made the words laborious, and in the blink of an eye, his trembling prey was in his grip. "My sincerest apologies."

Fangs sank into the warm neck, this soul-seizing vampire was having his fill.

Bite he did, and drained he did, to fill a hunger he didn't even know existed to such depth.

He tossed his last prey aside, the rage that flowed through his veins was unmistakable and raw. 

There it was!

The maddening power he felt those ten years ago when he had killed his father. 


###chapter 149 - By The Order Of The King
Valerick was nowhere to be found and even though she didn't want to, Zezi started to panic.

Until, she had met Nicholas who told her that the King had to attend to other pressing issues that had more priority than "chit-chatting" with her. 

When she asked about Mira's health, he tried his best to seem reassuring but Zezi could see straight through his lie.

Dr. Nicholas didn't know if her daughter would ever wake up. 

It was strange. If she really was a vampire, then why was she at the risk of dying without the Volakys venom ever being in her veins in the first place?

This just didn't make any sense. 

"She has been starved for too long. Years! I don't even know how she had survived this long. My guess is that she is some kind of hybrid and that other part has been the one keeping her alive, and the overworking has been killing that part of her. That is why she is always sick. It will be a medical breakthrough to get to the root of this."

He had declared in absolute excitement.

"My daughter is not a lab rat."

"I'm going to be seeking answers to necessary questions. I care about the bat but this is a necessity. Besides, it wouldn't need any more needles than the sessions already planned." His voice held irritation already, one that reflected in his eyes, as he tugged on his blue scrubs. "Lady Zezi, how about you make yourself useful somewhere else?" He was already walking past her. "If you'll excuse me, I must attend to Delice. She is still recovering from your daughter draining all her blood."

Zezi's heart dropped and guilt gripped at the strings of it. 

Valerick had said she was fine, he said he had fed her some of his blood, as her Sire so she could recover. So Zezi didn't fall into Nicholas' exaggeration trap, however, she felt guilty that she hadn't even gone to see Lady Delice yet. 

Lady Delice had saved her daughter, she deserved more than that. 

Once she was done with Valerick, she would go and see her. 

Since Nicholas hadn't given her an exact answer of where Valerick was, Zezi decided to continue her search and that was when she ran into the devil herself.

The heavily adorned Princess. 

Despite the situation in the Castle, Princess Laura still found time to place a golden ring on every finger, filled in her piercings with the right accessories, and managed to adorn her hair perfectly. Her blood-red coat looked nicely tailored and her black leather pants, in combination with that white shirt and boots, would make anyone think she was in a fashion competition. 

The Princess was always extravagantly dressed, but right now, that was none of Zezi's business. 

With light speed, she tried to shove her hand against Laura's neck and hold her hostage against the wall, but Laura had slipped away at the last second, anger etched into her face at Zezi's audacity.

"Fur bitch!" She spat. 

"Are you responsible for this?!" Zezi's words held venom. 

There was no one within hearing distance, Zezi was sure of it. 

These perks of being Valerick's mate were really starting to become one with her. 

"Stop being ridiculous. How much power do you even think I have to pull this off?" Laura scoffed, her claws clicking against the hilt of the dagger that she had anchored to her belt. "I have more pressing concerns, my brother hasn't been inviting me to the privy meetings. I suspect something of importance is going on without my knowledge." She held a finger up, and something in Zezi's eyes flickered when she noticed the slight blood stain at the corner of Laura's lips. "If I am been deliberately left out, then that means trouble for all of us. That is what is important right now, but your birdbrain wouldn't be able to understand the complexity of that."

"Oh, shut that gutter, Princess---"

They heard them, before they saw them. 

Soilders.

What were they doing in the Castle? Was there another attack?

Oh, by the Moon!

"What are you doing here? Are you here to arrest her?" The Princess took a step away from the fur creature, watching the soldiers as they moved closer. 

"BY THE ORDER OF THE KING." One of them yelled before they got close, enough, as he rolled open a scroll and read from it. 

"WITHOUT FANGS OR CLAWS, YOU SHALL COME WITH US." 

Laura scoffed, looking at Zezi's heart whose heart was racing a mile. "The execution ground is calling your name."

"PRINCESS!" The guard ended.

"You must be mad!" She snarled at them as they circled her.

"Unhand me! I said unhand me!" She attacked, shoving Zezi aside, and clawing a soldier down to escape.

The scroll hit the floor, blood dripping from it, setting the arrest-resistance magic in motion. The Princess went down the next moment, her claws dragging deep jagged lines into the floor and fighting to breathe even though that was something she had never done and never needed to do a her life. 

It felt like something was strangling her. 

The uninjured guards picked her up, putting her wrists in a handcuff. Then, they dragged her away while she growled loudly in pain.

No one disobeys the order of the King without facing consequences. 

Zezi was left in the wake of the chaos, Laura's words ringing in her ears.

*"If I am been deliberately left out, then that means trouble for all of us."

Quickly, Zezi went to see Lady Delice, but to her surprise, Gwen was there and Delice was nowhere to be found. 

"Mistress," Gwen called out, crying. 

Crying? 

Why was she crying?

"What happened?"

"The King sent his soldiers and they took Sweet Lady Delice away? What could she have done? She can't even hurt a fly, or an ant---" Gwen rambled on about all the things Lady Delice couldn't kill because she was too good and sweet to do so, but Zezi didn't pay that any attention. 

Lady Delice had been arrested?! For what?!

She tried desperately to reach into her bond with Valerick again but it was blocked. 

Why was he doing that?! He shouldn't be able to do that!

Trouble. 

The word rang in her head. 

By the moon, there was trouble. 

What was Valerick up to?!

"And Sir Oliver was taken away too. He might deserve it, but Lady Delice doesn't."

Zezi felt like her heart had been slammed against the cold hard floor and once again, she heard them before she saw them.

Shadows sipped into the open room and soldiers crowded the doorway. 

"By the order of the King, without fangs or claws, you shall come with us, Your Majesty."


###chapter 150 - The Trial
"What gives you the audacity to put a royal Pureblood in these filthy chains?!" The Princess's voice rang through the hall, bouncing off the walls, her glare directed to the guard that had just dragged her in and pushed her into the Accused box.

Raising her head, she accessed her surroundings, a formation that seemed so high, that it made her feel like she was in a pit, with iron railings camping her. 

On the high chairs on her left side, different Lords were seated, while on her right, the Governors along with her sweet Delice, Oli. Behind her were the people.

Wait!

Next to her brother was that fur bastard whose existence was an absolute irritation. 

This was the Royal Court of Lavida, what an absolute disgrace it was to be in this box. 

Laura felt repulsed by everything. 

"You stand in the presence of the King and Queen of Lavida, Royal Adviser, Governors, Lords, and the people, to speak in your defence against the accusations that you are the one behind the Volakys attack!" That brought Laura's attention to the Declarer some distance in front of her (caged in his own box and sharing her pit) noticing how his pastel blue distinguishing with silver tappings didn't get enough ironing before fully processing what he had just said. 

"Volakys attack?!" The words tasted bitter on her tongue, like some foul audacity. Her claws itched to dig into that filthy dog's neck. It could only be her behind this insanity! What a fucking bastard! "Who accused me?"

"The Investigative Council, Princess." The Declarer replied, adjusting his glasses.

Laura frowned, looking straight at the one seated on the crown, her confused gaze clashing against his cold own.

"My own brother?" It was a faint whisper, infused with hurt.

"The Volakys have been kept in the dungeon beneath the castle for more than ten years now. Only you and I know how to get in and get out." The King spoke, his calm and unfazed voice commanding every bit of attention and reigning fear. "Provide the key to the den that is your possession and speak in your defense, if your words render you guiltless, you shall be well compensated for the damage this trial will bring upon your reputation, but if you are found guilty, your soul shall be consumed, your flesh fed to the vultures of the air and your blood one with the Execution Ground."

Zezi's blood ran cold in her veins, as she sat unmoving in her chair. She had been a little relieved when she realized that she hadn't been dragged here for a trial but to witness one. Now, that relief was gone. 

The Volakys had been in the dungeon beneath the castle for more than ten years?

There were keys to that dungeon? 

What was going on?

She had so many questions, that she was afraid the answers wouldn't come to her on time. She still hadn't been able to speak to Valerick at all even though she was seated right next to him. He wouldn't talk to her through the mind link, he wouldn't even look at her. 

This was so annoying!

He wouldn't even look at her!

What was going on?

Was he really doing this to his sister? If he were to find out about what she had done, what would he do to her?

"Brother, you can't do this to me, I am---"

"Speak in your defense, do not appeal to my sympathy. I have none and this is pathetic."

The hall was as quiet as a graveyard. 

Once again, Zezi looked at Valerick, and just as he had been doing the whole night, he ignored her. 

"I did not do it. I did not do anything."

"So you accuse your King?" He asked with the most bored expression.

"I would never accuse my own brother."

"Call on witnesses to speak in your defence then, since you have no words of your own to absolve you of this guilt."

Rage spread through the Princess's features like a virus. She bit her tongue, stopping herself from saying words that would her soul in more danger than it was already in. 

"Provide the key, Princess Laura." A key dangled from one of Valerick's claws before he tossed it on the table. "This is mine." 

"I---"

Murmurings filled the hall, from the people, the Governors, and the Lords. Lady Delice stayed silent. 

"Where is your key?"

"I---"

"Speak!"

The King leaned back into his seat and something about his aura made him feel like a stranger to Zezi. 

He felt distant. She had never seen him like this before, and something about that made her think of her mother's words.

"Your silence is forcing my hand." 

Laura shook her head, she wasn't thinking anymore now. Her thoughts were running over one another. She was trembling slightly as a mad search went through her brain. 

Was this a setup? It felt like it.

THAT FUR BASTARD!

"Take her to the Execution Ground."

"Valerick." In a harsh whisper, his name slipped past Zezi's lips without thinking, and he finally looked at her, a look that silenced her immediately. There was just so much rigidity and annoyance in his eyes, that made her blood run cold. 

He looked at her like she was a fly and he was displeased with her unnecessary buzzing.

Like he would dispose of her if she made another attempt to speak. 

That was something he was capable of, somehow she had been made to forget that.

She was nothing compared to him. 

It was terrifying.

That thought made Zezi sink back into her seat with bated breath, hearing the Princess' loud struggles and the chaotic murmurs of everyone play in the background of her mind, while she wished with all her heart that he would stop looking at her.

"I wish to confess! I wish to confess!" The Princess finally shouted, and Valerick looked away from her, signaling to the guards to let her go. 

One word did he say that changed everything.

"Confess."

###chapter 151 - Let The Royal Castle Games Begin
"I don't have it. I gave it away."

"To whom?"

Her eyes found his, it had only been for a moment before she looked back at the King, pleading.

"Please, he didn't do it. He didn't mean it--"

"Who did you give it to?"

"Oliver. I gave it to Oli, my mate."

"It was a gift of trust." Oliver stood up from the chair, his eyes twinkling with the glint of the ever-present humor. "I didn't even use it. I didn't do this, I didn't do anything. Tell them, Laura!" He ended with a smile. 

Rage blazed in her eyes, seamlessly mixing with helplessness. 

It was such a sight. 

Beautiful.

"You did it."

His smile dwindled.

"I know you did it and that is why things haven't been the same between us."

"Things haven't been the same between us because I spent a night with Riza."

Gasps filled the court at the implied reference to cheating. 

It was a scandalous thing and very distasteful thing to happen between mates, fated or chosen. 

It was an act deserving of punishment.

How hypocritical these vampires were, Zezi couldn't help but think. Weren't some of them advocating that the King should take another and make her his concubine?

"The Kingdom's enemies." That had come from Kestra against Oliver and his eyes went wide from the implication of that. 

She was accusing him of treason.

Every bit of his humourous aura had drained right out of him. 

"They are not traitors, they only used to be part of the former King's army." Oliver looked around for validation, stroking his braided beard, although that didn't give him as much delight and ease as it normally would. 

Probably because this time, there was nothing to laugh about.

"You are lying. Whatever you used the key for was to impress Riza. I will never let you back into my chains after this. You cheated on me!" She finally yelled. The only reason why she wasn't clawing his face away was because there were many guards and chains restraining her.

"Bring Riza in. Let her answer some questions." The King ordered. 

Oliver nodded, his eyes darting to Delice, holding her gaze for as long as she would look at him which was no longer than three seconds. 

Riza's testimony didn't do anything to help matters. Instead, it worsened things for Oliver. 

"Basit, my husband," she had cried. It was no news that Basit was already dead from the Volakys' attack, although it had been confirmed medically that he had sustained his injuries long before the Volakys broke into the hall, which confirmed her statement that they had gone into the den. 

Riza talked about how Oliver and she had met some days ago in a Pleasure Store and they had shared an interest in a particular toy. 

The court was thrown into awkwardness but she seemed to be the only one immune to it. 

"Is that true?" Laura asked.

"Silence, I ask the questions. Is that true, Sir Oliver?"

"Yes, Your Majesty."

Gasps and murmurs.

This was louder than the first one. 

The King held his hand up. Order and silence were restored.

"He desired something we could provide as a couple and we thought we could use him. So, we asked him for the key."

"How did you know he had it."

"He slipped, your Majesty. To get us to agree to his offer, he bragged about many things."

"Lies. Accusations!" Oliver banged his hands against the table. Leaning forward, rage blazing in his eyes. Zezi straightened up in her seat, now that was a rare thing for Oliver's eyes to possess. 

Where, oh where, was the ever-present glint of humor? 

"I don't have any key, I didn't know about the Volakys dungeons, I don't know anything." He turned sharply to Laura, his next words sounding gritted. "WHY. ARE. YOU. DOING. ThIS. TO. ME?"

He tried to absolve himself from guilt but Riza claimed he had done it. That he had found a way to discreetly get into the den, and that he had made them fulfill his intimate desires before, he had handed the key to them.

"We wanted something from the Volakys, so we could remake them and fight for the reign of our King that we are most loyal to. My husband died in King Zirus' name and I am not afraid to do the same."

Valerick flinched at the mention of his father's name. No one would have noticed except someone close enough to, except Zezi. 

"Take them away," Valerick was standing up before Zezi could even register what was going on. "Throw them all in the dungeon."

____
____

Rumours of the King killing all the Volakys, and how he had consumed blood from many life sources to do so, spread through Lavida like wildfire. After the war, he couldn't kill them all at once and had locked them up in the den. They had been four thousand, eight hundred and sixty-four (4864) Volakys back then. He had reduced them to 47 over the years and today he had wiped them all out at a cost. 

The brave ones had gone to see the dungeon still littered with the dead Volakys. Zezi had gone too and despite everything Valerick hadn't said a word to her or acknowledged her more than it was formally necessary.

It was painful. 

He affected her. It was shameful. 

George and Aunt Alice had met her with worry when she returned to her daughter's room. She assured them that she was fine and had to leave immediately. George didn't want to let her go, but the audacity to stand in her way that he used to have before, had evaporated from him. 

His wolf was still traumatized from what she did to him that night.

Aunt Alice didn't interfere, relying on her words to do the job.

Zezi on the other hand, had one goal in mind. 

The castle walls were getting dangerous and it was all a game of survival now, a dog-eat-dog world, and there was no way she would allow herself to get crushed in this foreign land.

Let the Royal Castle Games Begin. 


###chapter 152 - Blabbering Silverhead
After that, Zezi had gone to see Delice. She didn't even have to share her suspicion, the Royal Advisor had beat her to it.

"Just be vigilant," Lady Delice had said, as they hurried away from the den, and up the stairs. "I think there is more to this than we know, I will ask Laura soon." 

Leaving Lady Delice, she had ran into Akeem, whose path she had blocked. His eyes which were originally filled with worry turned into those of attack but she refused to move. 

Instead, she pulled him aside into the Hall of Statues. So much was going on in the Castle lately, their presence here would most likely go unnoticed. 

"She turned you, didn't she?" Zezi said the moment the door was shut behind her. "But something had been different in the process. That is why you are different."

Hope lit in Zezi's heart. Maybe she would be able to get what her daughter was before the tests would be conducted.

Maybe her daughter was just like Akeem. 

Akeem's face shadowed with secrecy. 

"I don't know what you are talking about."

"You do," she stated firmly, and his shoulders dropped in resignation. 

"I need to leave." 

He was heading for the door again, but Zezi was too quick and once again she was standing in his way. 

"I have a job for you."

"You are not my High Pillar." Akeem finally snapped. "I want to see her, stand aside, Zezi."

Instinctively, her brows furrowed with rage. 

"I am your Queen, you will do as I say or face the consequences."

As if controlled, Akeem took a slow step back, his head bowed slightly, a spark of challenge still in his eyes. 

Zezi blinked when she realized what she had just done. It was something she used to see Valerick do. 

It was just the aura of dominance that came naturally with him, and with her, since she now drew from the bond. 

How was Valerick? She didn't know. 

"I can do anything. I can make the King throw you and your High Pillar in the dungeon if you inquire my wrath. I can tell painted words if I want." She shrugged and when defiance sharpened in his eyes, she added. "Just think about it, your words against mine will weigh nothing. I am the King's mate and I can do as I wish."

She couldn't but Akeem didn't know that. 

A chill ran down Akeem's spine, his fight vanished and with a heavy mouth he asked, "What do you want from me, Your Majesty?"

The thing was that Zezi had heard that some guards had searched Oliver's room and found an extract from the Volakys in a bottle, along with the key to the den. Those were the things Riza had claimed to have given to him for safekeeping after her husband had been attacked and they needed to get help for him. 

The extract had also been tested and it had been confirmed that it indeed belonged to a Volaky. 

Zezi believed that the extract was of too much importance for them to give up on it just like that.

There had to be another and if that "another" was found in the Princess' room, it would confirm her suspicion that she had intentionally set Oliver up with Riza's help. 

The Court session had looked so planned and seamless, how had Valerick missed it with his hyper sense at picking up different auras that came with different feelings?

That was where Akeem came in. 

There just had to be another, this had to have been planned, or maybe it only looked planned like that because she knew about the white circle. Something Valerick obviously didn't know about. 

"Search the Princess' room for the Volakys extract and bring it to me."

"They have given it up. It is in the King's custody now."

"There is another," Zezi stated firmly. "Find it and bring it to me." Then she added. "Not a word to your High Pillar about this."

He worked his jaws. He must not be used to keeping secrets from her. 

"Why don't you go yourself?" He dared to ask.

"Your scent." She tapped lightly on her nose. "You have none. Also, you are very skillful with sneaking into rooms undetected. Now, no more questions. Find it before she gets back from the dungeon and bring it to me immediately."

Because from the look of things, the person getting executed tonight isn't the Princess but Riza and Oliver. 

So much Vampire blood was getting spilled lately. 

Old Zezi would have been happy but no, new Zezi was just worried and tensed.

Bracing herself for a betrayal while trying to be one step ahead of everyone. 

But was she?

"What do you need it for?" Akeem's question was starting to fade into the back of her mind. 

"I said no more questions."

___
___

The bars of the dungeon pulled open. Some guards stepped in and soon enough, the chains around Laura's wrists were gone.

"What compensation will you like, Princess?" Valerick's voice cut through the silence, as he stood at the opening of the dungeon, his arms folded behind him. "Your reputation has been slightly dented to the hurried ears."

"That doesn't bother me, but my brother's distrust does." Her voice cut through the air, bitterness etched into her face as she rubbed her wrists, where the chains had left behind deep lines. "You would have killed me. You didn't trust me at all? Out of anyone, why would I bring an attack to Lavida? Why would I set the Volakys free? THE VOLAKYS!" She paused, her eyes misting slightly as silence slowly settled in the dungeon. "Valerick, you are my brother."

He smiled. 

He smiled?!

What for?

When he stepped into the dungeon and moved closer to her, she almost took a step back but the thought of seeking refuge in this disgusting place was more terrifying to her.

"And why would I want you dead? You are my own little sister, Laura." He tried to run off the blood stain around the corner of her lips, but it was dry now and left a small red patch behind.

"I held your trial in the court and not on the Execution Ground."

Her brows furrowed in realization and she hugged him. 

The plan was never to kill her, he just needed her to talk.

"I was so scared. I have never seen you like that against me before."

"I am so sorry to put you through that. Forgive me."

Her brother had always cared for her but there was a gentleness in his action, one he didn't possess before that he had now. 

It made her wonder if the Fur creature was the one responsible for this. 

"You have the King's heart Laura, why would you ever be afraid?"

___
___

Time was spinning fast, and before anything could be done, it was time for Oliver's execution... and Riza's.

Riza was the one that was brought out first, dragged to the Execution Ground under the moonlight and the hundreds watching eyes. She was given time to make her peace, along with the required intervals and bell gongs.

Before the last gong, Riza's eyes set on the Princess, who was seated on the High Seat and watching her from above.

Her lips trembled and madness seeped into her eyes. Unintelligible words slipped through her lips, low and hard to make out until she snapped and the guards had to hold her down.

"You bastard! You manipulative witch! Is this it? Will you let them kill me? You said you wouldn't let them kill me, you said you would bring my husband back if I did what you wanted. Get me out of here like you promised, Laura." She trashed under the guards' grip and murmurs erupted in the crowd.

"She is lying." The Princess sat back in her seat, unmoved by the accusations. Making the people's murmur grow more silent. 

Then she turned to the King, whose side she sat next to. His face was unreadable, but she had his heart, he had told her that just about an hour ago.

That was enough for her to hold onto.

"I would never do anything to harm you or Lavida. Take her soul, Your Majesty, before she infects us all with her lies." 

"My lies!" Riza's words rang through the space and she laughed. "I will tell them! I will tell them everything!"

Something in Riza's eyes made fear shoot throwing Laura's veins. 

No. 

That bloody white-hair vampire is about to ruin everything.

Curse her!



###chapter 153 - Ash-flakes 
Valerick looked unmoved and it was hard for Zezi to figure out what he was feeling through the bond. 

His side of it was still blocked.

This was frustrating!

She was sitting right by his side but it seemed like a whole wall had been thrown between them. 

Her attention moved to the Princess, who sat upright, her gaze unmoving from Riza as she clocked her claws together. 

Zezi wondered if she had poison beneath them, and mentally noted to herself not to get too close to Laura no matter what. 

She couldn't be trusted right now. 

But then, when was she ever worthy of trust? They were all unworthy.

From the other corner of Zezi's eyes, she watched Lady Delice's reaction. 

The Royal Advisor kept a calm demeanour but something about her and Laura's aura were off.

From what Zezi could deduce, they were scared that Riza was going to talk about the White Circle.

That made Zezi curious. What about the oath she had made before joining the White Circle to keep their business secret? Everyone had made the oath before joining too, right? So why were they scared that she would rat them out? Wasn't the oath supposed to make sure that didn't happen?

Except if they had never tested the authenticity of their oath's magic before and they couldn't really tell how powerful it was, or if it was even effective at all. 

That made something light up in Zezi's heart.

By the Moon, maybe she could talk about it too without consequences! Maybe she could tell Valerick so he would stop trying to turn her people. 

Maybe this was the information that would win them freedom forever.

Maybe...just maybe...

"I will tell them about us! I will tell your dear brother everything!" Riza gritted between her teeth.

"Stop lying, Riza. You don't want the consequences of your lies." Laura said almost quietly. 

Enraged by the Princess' calm reaction, Riza started to speak, determined to take them all down with her, her gaze moving quickly from Laura, to Delice, a distasteful scorn for fur creature, then back to Laura with a bitter-victorious smirk, and finally to the King. 

The arena was thrown into silence.

Every vampire wanted to be in on the big secret. 

They sure would love to gossip about it in their homes, or anywhere actually.

Oh, lovely vampires of Lavida. 

"There is a White..." Her words suddenly cut short and she bent over with a wrenching cough. 

It was hard to speak when one was coughing out blood, wheezing, bleeding, and struggling on the ground, as if she was trying to breathe. 

A vampire.

What did she need the air for?

A scream erupted from her throat and the guards backed away so that whatever was going wrong with her wouldn't latch onto them like a virus.

Her claws dragged through the blood-infused and dirty earth of the Execution Ground. She was trying to write something or draw something, but the pain only worsened for her and nature worked against her. 

Her claws broke, and the lines she had dragged through the hard ground, faded. Her fangs emerged from her gums like they were being pulled out, her veins bulged from her neck and she staggered to her feet, only to fall back on her knees.

While she struggled, her eyes found Laura's, and blood mixed with hot tears, regret, and helplessness, flowed down her cheeks.

She attempted to say something but a force threw her head back so that she was facing the moon, while her hands were spread apart like a sacrifice.

Then it happened.

She erupted into smoke and nothing was left behind except her black dress designed for mourning.

Just like that, Riza was gone. 

She tried to break the oath and it killed her.

Zezi sank into her throne, the crown on her head felt heavy, and the pressure that rested on her shoulders threatened to tear them down as she realized the extent of trouble she was in. 

She had thought her relationship with the White Circle was one of equal power, or at least one in which she had the upper hand. 

But now she realized, that wasn't it all. 

In fact, she was what she had always thought she wasn't.

She was the prey, right from the beginning.

Their pawn. 

It was impossible to tell Valerick about them.

Impossible to betray them. 

By the Moon, this was trouble.

Reading beneath the Princess' almost believable horrifying gasp and Delice's genuine sympathetic look, Zezi realized just how much of a mess she had put herself into, because even if fighting for her people meant dying, she didn't want to die like Riza who had just died for nothing.

What a useless death!

Well, a box of thanks to the Mastermind Zezi of the Past for not taking this into consideration.

Present Zezi was so grateful!

Arrgh, she didn't have time for this. 

She had to find another way around this fast!

There had to be another way to put an end to this and save her kind.

Ah, who would have known that it would ever get to this?

Murmurs erupted from the crowd, as they spoke over each other. 

"She just turned into smoke."

"She was burnt alive!"

"Magic!"

"Black magic!"

"Magic of the former King!"

"It is the Princess, she didn't want her to speak!"

"What was the secret!"

"What happened? I can't see. Move!"

"Is she dead? I can't see!"

"Silence, the Princess would never---"

"I can't see! MOVE!"

"She is a witch."

"I heard she still practices witchcraft even though it has been banned!"

"The blood one?"

"The blood one!"

"Let me see!"

"Could she have been the one to do this?"

"Never! It must be someone else trying to frame our Princess!"

"Move, I say!" Followed by a smacking sound then more colliding words.

The guards broke into a search for Riza according to the King's order. He wanted to know if she had disappeared somewhere else. He ordered for her to be brought to him alive.

Although, there is a high probability she would never be found alive. She had burst from inside out, and erupted into pieces, the pieces which had gone up in flames and burnt to ashes. Some flakes of the ashes were still moving through the air, like snow.

Riza was here, gone. 

There was no need to search. 

While all this was going on, a guard rushed to the arena with terrifying words ringing from the depths of his throat.

"The Volakys! In the Castle! The Volakys!"

Zezi had been the first one to rush towards the castle, fear making her heart race faster than it ever did. 

"My daughter! My family!"


###chapter 154 - Back and Forth
Zezi's heart was pounding with regret as she ran up the stairs of the castle at an unfathomable speed.

Why had she left to watch the execution in the first? She should have never left. She should have never convinced herself that she needed to be at the Execution for all the reasons she had thought it was important before. 

Right now, they all felt very useless.

George and Aunt Alice had stayed behind to be with Mira. Not like they would have been allowed to watch the execution, not like they wanted to either. 

Gwen had stayed too.

Oh, by the Moon, Zezi hoped they were all okay. 

She screeched to a stop right in front of her daughter's door, flinging it open as fast as she could. 

Her eyes combed the room and horror seeped through her veins at what she found... or rather what she didn't. 

Mira's bed was empty. George and Aunt Alice were nowhere to be found, along with Gwen who was...

Wait!

George and Aunt Alice were on the floor, unconscious. Zezi ran to them, accessing the situation quickly. 

They didn't seem to be injured, they seemed to have been knocked out. They should be awake soon enough, but where were Mira and Gwen?

Were the Volakys still here in the Castle or had they they taken them away?

As if on cue, the curtains flapped repeatedly in the air, moving to the rhythm of the wind, drawing Zezi's attention to the open windows and moonlight that seeped in through them and reflected on the floor.

Were they really gone with her daughter?

"Mira!" Her voice broke, and her ears perked when she sensed something. Quickly, she dashed to a corner of the room, and stopped when she found Gwen's back turned to her. 

At that moment, all was right with the world because in Gwen's hands was her daughter, but to see her always happy and lively Gwen look so terrified and drained, made everything jar back to the state of unbalance.

"Gwen, what had happened?! Is she alright? Are you alright?"

"Mistress." Gwen pointed to the door unblinkingly, while she clutched the sleeping Mira to her chest. She wasn't injured, just petrified. "They were there, right there at the door. The Volakys, holding Sir Oliver. They took him away." Her eyeballs moved in an uncanny manner as her voice went silent. "They looked at me. Straight at me." 

Zezi tried to calm her down and take Mira from them but she wouldn't let the child go. 

Instead, her protective stance remained unwavering.

The horrors of what she had seen terrified her to her very bones. 

Volakys? But Valerick had killed them all. Where did more Volakys come from? Was the Princess responsible for this?

That bitch!

Fuck this! How did she get herself into this fucking mess?!

"Something is different about them, Mistress. Nightmares. Strange nightmares."

Zezi frowned, slipping to her knees next to her. 

Did that mean they weren't Volakys?

Once again, Zezi attempted to take her daughter from her, offering her soothing words of reassurance even though she was more than terrified at the moment.  

Gwen's hands trembled around Mira and when she was finally taken from her, she clutched them against her gown, holding fistfuls of the fabric between her trembling fingers. 

"I was so scared. So scared. Where were you?" 

She sounded like someone scolding her close friend for not being there when she needed her the most.

It stunned Zezi for only a moment, before she wrapped her free hand around Gwen.

"I am sorry, so sorry. I am here now."

Gwen nodded against her shoulder, tears streaming down her cheeks.

"I want to see my family." She pulled away, looking up at her with desperation and pleading in her eyes. "Please, take me to them."

Zezi nodded, in the background, she could hear her family waking up.

Ah, thank the Moon!

They were fine, also maybe they would be able to tell her what really happened here. 

She needed to know if they had been attacked. If the attackers were indeed Volakys or something else. 

A new enemy probably.

___
___

Below, there was still chaos. Laura had caught a glimpse of the escaping Volakys and followed their trail, along with others who went after her to help bring down the dangerous creatures. 

Laura had been the only one to return that night, with blood all over her, green venom, and a dead Oliver in her arms.

So there was another execution that night, it just didn't happen on the Execution Ground.

"I want him buried." She had said to her brother, the corpse of her lover still in her hands. 

"He was a traitor." The King's voice was grim and it echoed silently in the almost empty throne room. "His flesh shall be food to be birds of the air and the insects of the field would have their fill."

"NO! I SHALL DIG HIM A GRAVE!" Laura's voice trembled as she yelled, madness and the reflection of the light that brightened the throne room dancing in her eyes. 

"You dare to raise your voice at me?"

"Forgive me, Your Majesty, but He is my mate." Laura's hands held Oliver's limp body tightly as regret filled her eyes. "I love him. Please, let me bury him."

It was against the rules for the King to bury a traitor, but this King cared deeply about his sister and for her, what wouldn't he do? 

"Do with his corpse whatever you please. If you want me by your side," he placed a comforting hand gently on her shoulder, "you only need ask."

"I would rather do this alone. Thank you."

"I am sorry that you have to go through this."

"It is not your fault." She looked up at him. "I love you brother."

He cupped her face in his hands. "You will always remain precious to me, do not ever doubt that."

____
____

After that, Laura had gone to bury Oliver alone and the King had headed back to his chambers, only to find Zezi waiting at the door, whom he had blatantly ignored.  

"I shall not be disturbed." He had thrown the order to the guard standing by his door. "Make it clear to whoever approaches the door."

Zezi parted her lips to speak, but before she had a chance to say a word, the door was slammed in her face. 

She turned to the guard, who straightened up immediately avoiding her gaze. 

"His Majesty said---"

"I get it." She said, trying to bury the lump of pain that formed in her throat. 

She wanted to tell him that Gwen had been sent back home because she was unstable. She wanted to tell him that there was something weird with this Volakys' attack because her family could barely remember anything, including Gwen, who still seemed too unstable to recount her experience despite a physician's intervention.

She wanted to ask him how he was. Wanted to share in the burden of the recent happening and let him find comfort in her understanding.

She just wanted to talk to him, but he seemed to still be holding on to her painful words of regretting they ever met. 

Well, maybe this was good. It would help her maintain the distance she should keep between them. 

She blinked her tears away and started walking down the hallway. "I understand it all perfectly."


###chapter 155 - If Not Matebond, Then What?
Had Akeem also been taken by the Volakys?

That was what Zezi started to worry about when she still hadn't gotten a message back or seen Akeem and it was already some minutes past midnight. 

She had also gone to the library to check on him, but as expected, his seat was empty. The library had looked untouched by the chaos going on the the castle, it felt peaceful and Zezi lingered around longer, hoping to walk into Valerick.

He had said his mother loved the library, and she thought that he was probably here to find peace in that knowledge.

But no, Valerick wasn't here either. 

With a long and heavy sigh, Zezi stood up. She should probably ask Delice if she had seen Akeem, it was good to confirm everything before jumping to conclusions. She wouldn't want to report anything and arouse suspicion regarding her relationship with the librarian, if things turn out differently. 

Zezi didn't want more walls thrown between her and Valerick, they already had so many problems to deal with at the moment. Adding that to it wouldn't help anyone.

She knew her reasoning had crossed the threshold of logicality or protocol for the acquisition of the freedom of her people. Her feelings were now very much involved, at least, the part of her that kept falling for him regardless of all this. 

Right now, she was too tired to argue with it. Fatigue claimed every fiber of her being and it was more than a herculean task to walk out of the library and up the stairs.

She needed sleep, she needed to rest, she needed to eat. 

She hadn't been doing much of those lately. 

By the Moon, a good bath would also help. Not the quick splash of two bowls of water that had now turned itself into her regular bathing routine.

She yawned. She really needed to sleep, but what kind of General would sleep at the frontline of the battlefield?

Her feet took her in the direction of her daughter's room, her head felt drowsy and she started to wonder why she felt so weak. 

Worry hit her like a trainwreck. 

Was this weakness hers or Valerick's?

Trying to reach into the bond again and finding it blocked, she realized it was hers. She was weak because she couldn't fully reach into their bond and draw strength from it as she used to.

Valerick was been selfish with his resources, keeping them for only himself. She chuckled as the mental image of him possessively guarding a basket of candy slipped into her mind.

So childlike and petty. 

She couldn't blame him though. They were at war here, and for each their own, not to be shared with someone that called them a regret. 

How wonderful. 

Zezi had reached the width of her own strength. By the Moon, she was tired and her body would have crashed to the ground if someone hadn't been behind her at that moment, pulling her up to her feet and taking her in a totally different direction entirely. 

"Gwen?" She whispered, knowing fully well that Gwen wasn't in the castle but at home with her mate and her little bats, trying to fight the instability the recent attack had rendered to her. 

Her rescuer didn't say anything... or wait, she was talking! Zezi just couldn't hear her. All she could hear was her heart drumming loudly in her ears.

___
___ 

Zezi must have passed out at some point because when she woke up next, she was in her room and someone was hovering over her with a smile. 

Her stunning green eyes were unmistakable.

Lord Rosil?

"Ah, you are awake. Good. We should thank Irysi for this, Your Majesty. If I hadn't been searching for my runaway, I wouldn't have been there when you passed out." 

"Passed... out?" Zezi attempted to stand up, and Lord Rosil stopped her.

"Yes." 

Zezi nodded lightly. "I'm fine. I just need to go and see my daughter."

"Your daughter is fine, "you" are not. You need to rest."

"How do you know that?" Zezi scoffed, pained by what she was about to say. "She still hasn't woken up."

"She will. It is just taking time and she will be fine when she does." That sounded reassuring but not enough.

Zezi wanted to ask more questions but the next thing Lord Rosil said distracted her. 

"But you are not fine. I will send a messenger to the King so that he can know about this." 

Zezi held her hand up immediately. "No."

She had wanted to talk to him all day, and this was the perfect opportunity, but having to summon him because of her own weakness felt too embarrassing. 

Would he even come? 

That was another thing. 

If he didn't, it would hurt too much.

She wasn't strong enough to test how much her words had torn their relationship.

"Well, I will get a physician to stay with you then. I must leave now. I have to continue packing for the night and find my daughter."

"Packing?" 

Lord Rosil nodded, smoothening her green robes.

"I am leaving with my daughter. We are going back to the Right Province tonight. Times are hard and we must protect our territory. The King's orders." She ended with that before looking around the room like she was searching for something. "Where is that girl? I wonder where she went," she paused, flashing her an almost playful smile."Maybe saying some hurried goodbyes to dear friends." She ended with a shrug.

Lord Rosil didn't push to find out anything, instead, she turned to leave but Zezi stopped her with a question she had always been curious about. 

"You have a mate?" That wasn't the question but she was getting there.

"Had, Your Majesty." Lord Rosil gave her a warm smile, her eyes filled with the warmth and cold of memories. To stop the Queen from expressing any sort of sympathy, Lord Rosil waved her hand aside. "My Dorious. Absolutely wonderful, my time with him."

"Fated?" Getting there.

"Yes." 

"So you had a matebond?"

This was so embarrassing.

"Every fated mate has."

"Were you able to block it?" She wished she was asking Gwen this instead. Gwen would tell her the truth without judgment, even tell her how to work around it, cheat the system, if there was such a way. She would do anything for her and the King to be together.

Why had she never thought of asking someone about this before now? Gwen would have been perfect. 

Now, she had just opened herself to judgement.

With Lord Rosil's slight frown, Zezi could feel that was what was coming.

Surprisingly, Lord Rosil gave none.

"No. A matebond remains open and free between mates. It cannot be closed, blocked, or locked by either mate."  

Zezi frowned. 

What does that mean? Was something wrong with the bond she shared with Valerick? 

"Do you want to block yours? Why would you want that--" Lord Rosil's questions were fading away, her thoughts overcoming them in her mind. 

Did that mean they weren't really mates?

Her heart raced.

The answer to her little question was starting to wreak havoc in her head. 

Werewolves and vampires weren't mates, they have always said. So was this some kind of mistaken link?

"Your Majesty, is it different with you and the King?"

Lord Rosil's carefully asked question sounded like a distant echo while different worlds collided in Zezi's mind and made her doubt her place with fear. 

Werewolves and vampires weren't mates.

So, they said.


###chapter 156 - Dangerous Questions, Troubling Answers 
"It is different." Zezi finally declared and Lord Rosil frowned, taking a step closer to her. "Are there any other bonds you know of that could be mistaken as a matebond?"

"No... This..."

Zezi shook her head. This wasn't the time to get overwhelmed by sadness or Lord Rosil's stuttering answer. This was the time to get her head straight and think probably.

Lord Rosil snapped her fingers like she had just gotten a groundbreaking idea.

"Well, of course, it is different! Both of you are different." Her green eyes glinted with excitement at her coming explanation and for that brief moment, Zezi remembered Gwen and missed her. "The King is a Soul Seizer and you, are his mate."

Zezi nodded, waiting for more, there just had to be more. 

"And?"

"Your Majesty, the King had to make a really big sacrifice to kill his father." Everything somehow felt a little quieter to Zezi, and all her focus zeroed in on Lord Rosil as she approached her. "Only self-sacrifice could kill him and he made that. He sacrificed his soul." Lord Rosil's brows furrowed. "You didn't know of this?"

Jabbed with the words, Zezi attacked, "How did you know of this?"

Lord Rosil stopped in her path. "I was the witch who helped him with his sacrifice." 

"Oh." 

It made more sense now.

Letting that sink in, Lord Rosil continued, taking a loose curl of her gray hair between her fingers. "Without a soul, there is no soulmate."

Absolving the new information and the impact of it, Zezi pinched the fabric of her dress, trying not to get swayed by her emotions once again.

Was she once again in a deceitful relationship? Had she been lied to just like George had lied to her all those years while she had been his mate?

That didn't make sense. Her thoughts weren't making sense, right now. She mustn't jump to conclusions just yet. 

This was crazy?! Why was she just finding out about this? What other thing about him did she not know?

She knew the King was a Soul Seizer but she never knew how he came to be one or the sacrifices he had to make to be one.

"So what am I?"

Lord Rosil looked on thoughtfully, her arms folded across her.

"Well, you are his mate right from the start even though you hadn't met back then. It was fated." She emphasized with a gentle tilt head, as different thoughts ran wild in her head. "So I believe--- wait! Before I go on, what does your wolf feel like? Does it feel like a different being that resides in you?"

"No." The answer was easy. Zezi had known that her wolf was different a long time ago. A sharp contrast to George's wolf, who liked to make a distinct appearance all the time. "We are one."

With a frown, Zezi stood up. This time around, Lord Rosil didn't stop her. "What do you know about wolves? Were you once one of us?"

"No, I was a human before I met Dorious."

"Human."

"Yes, your Majesty, we exist." She chuckled lightly, trying to bring some humour to the tension. 

"I know."

The energy had not been returned, and just like that, the humour vanished.

"I have studied vastly and experimented with many things. That is what happens when you are a widow with so much time to kill." This time she didn't laugh to ease the tension, knowing fully well how it would be received or returned.

"Anyways, Your Majesty, I think the connection between the King and you is one of a kind, very deep even before you met." She paused. "The King had been kept in his father's dungeon. He and his stepmother would drain his soul and powers whenever they wanted. It went on for so many years. Some of this draining might have seeped through the fated bond, making your wolf develop in a way that is more connected to you. With both of you more in sync, you can offer each other protection."

A sigh slipped past Zezi's lips and she leaned against the wall. 

Well, that explanation made more sense than anything she had ever told herself.

"Well, this bond you claim to exist..."

"That I claim?"

"That exists between the King and I, what is it? You know, I once met a witch and she told me that I was a lone soul? I think it makes sense since he sacrificed his soul."

In a flash, Lord Rosil was in front of her. 

Great. Vampire speed. 

It didn't feel sickening to Zezi as it used to though. Didn't feel sickening to her at all.

"Maybe not all of it." Lord Rosil's cold fingers hovered over the mark on Zezi's neck and something in her eyes seemed to have changed. 

Was she using her magic right now?

"Maybe there was still some left. You are his mate and your bond feels different, that is understandable, but you must understand that are both different from everyone. The drainings have caused your link to be created differently, shaped into something that can be shut down for your protection. It is nature's response to your unique situation. Spending more time together and bringing in the feeling of safety should fix it."

Once again, an explanation she couldn't find it in herself to fight with. 

"The moment you approached the witch might have been one of his draining times or the time he sacrificed his soul. All that witch would have been able to see at that time would have been emptiness at the other side." Lord Rosil concluded and stepped away. 

This was so much to take in. She had never thought about all this in this way before, but it made sense and nothing in her fought to argue with it.

"Do you know about the King's time in his Father's dungeon?"

Guilt stabbed Zezi's chest squarely. 

"No." Just like she didn't know about many things that related to him.

Why should she care?

She did though. It was something she couldn't lie to herself about anymore. That part of her cared a lot more than it should.

"Shame. You should know more about your mate, Your Majesty. My goodness, life is so unbalanced. For some, they put obstacles in the way of loving each other while nature pulls them together, and for others, nature is their very own enemy. They are each other's death." It almost seemed like she was talking about someone, but Zezi was too occupied with the thoughts of Valerick and the horrors he must have faced in his father's dungeon to care.

His stepmother and his father must have put him through a lot!

Wait, his stepmother.

Wasn't that Smoky - Laura's mother?!

"...and here you are, being silly with the Universe's blessing---"

"Did the King kill Laura's mother too?" Zezi's questions cut her off and it took Lord Rosil a second to recover from off course the question had thrown her. 

"Yes, the King killed both his father and his stepmother in the same night."

Well, there was a problem, because Smoky was alive, could that mean that Valerick's father was alive too?

"Although," Lord Rosil's voice drew her away from her train of thought. "Only the former King's body was burnt to ashes, his wife's body was never found. It was probably part of the explosion."

"What explosion?"

"The King's Soul seizing powers collided with his stepmother's power to protect her mate. The force was too much and the clash had led to an explosion."

Zezi's fingers pressed against her forehead as she felt a wave of headache hit her. Her thoughts spiraled as she tried to recollect all the shady things that the White Circle was probably getting involved in. 

The Volakys extract, the poisoning of the King, the way they were keeping some of their actions a secret from her - a fur creature- even though she was a part of the White Circle and had made a deadly oath to them, and finally, Riza's seemingly loyalty to her former King. 

Fuck, how could she be so stupid?!

The White Circle was trying to bring back the Dark Times!

Smoky was trying to bring her chosen mate back to life!

Well, that would have to happen over Zezi's dead body and she wasn't planning to die anytime soon.


###chapter 157 - More Than Was Bargained For 
Regret threatened to overcome her but this was not the time to think of her past actions and question herself as to why she had made those decisions without thinking properly. 

Every second was important and she would not waste of by dwelling on the past. 

If her assumption about the White Circle was right, Zezi knew she would need the help of everyone she could get, and to test Lord Rosil, she had asked her if she really didn't want her head for killing her son.

"I totally understand if you do. What kind of mother wouldn't want the head of her son's murderer?"

Well, it seemed like she had hit a nerve because, after that, Lord Rosil had plenty to say. 

"The kind her son wanted to murder. That silly boy thought draining my blood would give him magic, then gave his sister a hard time because she had orchestrated my escape. Sometimes, it had felt like he was two vampires, stuck in one body. He has one that played the role of a Governor perfectly, and the other that displays just how much of a devil he was. He has his harem to grieve him." She had concluded with that and Zezi had shrugged.

Fair enough. 

After that, Zezi had asked her to heal her daughter and Lord Rosil had said, "She is receiving the best care that can be provided. Also, magic does not work well with uncertainty. We still do not know what exactly she is."

Their conversation came to an end and with a polite farewell, Lord Rosil departed from her to continue searching for her daughter. 

Zezi had thanked her, grateful that their meeting had happened. 

It was unfortunate that she couldn't discuss her discoveries with Valerick though. Instead, she would have to speak to Lady Delice and find out where she stood. 

Before that though, she must check on her daughter and ensure she was alright. 

As calm as Zezi tried to act, the new things she had just learnt about made her feel restless. 

One step at a time though, or everything would be ruined. 

Castle games were not easy and she was still playing with no victory in sight... yet.

____
____

George had been by her daughter's side when she got into the room and Aunt Alice was fast asleep. After their earlier encounter with the Volakys, they needed the rest. 

George's situation was worse than Aunt Alice though because instead of resting, he had completely withdrawn into the back of his mind, allowing his wolf to be at the forefront and stay in control. That didn't make Zezi worried at all. 

The wolf had always cared a lot about Mira. She was the one he couldn't accept. 

"How is she?" Zezi had asked and his wolf had replied that Mira was fine before the room had relapsed into silence.

There was tension in the wolf's shoulder and he could barely hold her gaze, without fear filtering in. 

How the tables have turned.

"He wants you to know that he is very sorry." The wolf said, his voice breaking through the silence as Zezi tucked Mira in, pressing her palm against her forehead, and convincing herself everything was alright despite her cold temperature. 

Despite her unconscious state, Mira was still being fed blood and she would drink it. She was partly a vampire, there was no confusion about that. It was the other part that was still a mystery. 

"We are sorry." The wolf said again.

"Tell me about the Capital." 

The wolf was silent for a moment, then he spoke to her about the Capital. It was just as she had imagined. The Capital was now a lab, just like many other packs and her kind were now labrats.

Great, there was no rest for her. 

Just more and more troubles!

There was no mercy in this battle! Not at all!

Suddenly, the wolf stopped talking and he clasped his hands around Zezi. One look and she discovered that his red eyes were gone, this was George. 

"I love you. My love, I only did that because---"

Zezi snapped her hands away from him and he fell to his knees.

"Get over yourself already!" She rushed to her feet. "We are at war, George. WAR!"

"But I still love you!"

"I don't!" Her voice dropped to a firm whisper, as he rose to his feet, his eyes glassy. "I can never love you again. I have a mate."

"You love him?"

"It feels like it." She answered without thinking, then held her hand up when he wanted to speak. "I don't need your words to remind me that he is an enemy. I know, and my focus remains the same. My feelings are irrelevant."

"Your feelings hurt me."

"Well, I guess that makes us even."

He stared at her, his gaze unbroken, till his eyes turned red again and his wolf regained control. Only then, did he look away, his head bowed slightly in fear and respect. 

Zezi turned away too, towards the door and outside the room to look for Lady Delice and plan her next move. 

___
___

Lady Delice couldn't find Laura no matter how she searched for her. She also hadn't seen Akeem and she didn't know about Oliver's whereabouts. 

Had he been found? What was going on?

She still wanted to thank Laura for saving her life too. Where was she?

After her long fruitless search through the castle, Lady Delice decided to visit her little Medallion alone, only deciding against it after considering how things had gotten in the Castle lately. 

Was the streets of Lavida safe?

Although, no sightings of the Volakys in the streets have been reported, it was better to be safe than sorry. 

So, with disappointment and a promise to go as soon as things got better in the castle, Lady Delice had decided to go and see Mira instead. 

Lady Delice had opened the door to the chaos within, the smell of blood and grievous violence, the grunting of a man, and unending curses. 

Another attack?


###chapter 158 - Collapsing Walls 
Zezi didn't find Lady Delice and she had tried to see Valerick again but just as expected she had been turned away. That was when she decided to do something crazy.

Scaling the walls of the castle.

It was absolute insanity, especially considering the attacks that had been happening lately, also because Zezi wasn't the best at climbing walls like this. 

At a point, when her fingers got tired, she remembered Akeem and how effortlessly he had led her to Lady Delice's room. 

Where was he? Had he found the other Volakys extract yet?

"Wooh!" she whispered, almost slipping. 

She had to stay focused!

Ah, this was fucking desperate. When did she get this desperate just to see him?

Pathetic... and stupid too because what if one of these guards below looked up and saw her? They would first assume she was an intruder. 

As if Nature was confirming just how stupid she was, she looked down at that moment and her gaze clashed with Nicholas'.

She was mortified and embarrassed and if her ears weren't deceiving her, she had heard Nicholas say "dramatic" beneath his breath before leaving to mind his business. 

Good of him, minding his business. 

Finally, Zezi made it into Valerick's room through his window. There were certainly better ways to have forced her way in here than this, but she was much too breathless and her fingertips were hurting too much for her to entertain the feeling of stupidity. 

"Let me go! Let me out of here!" Valerick's voice cut through the darkness and Zezi hurried to his bedside immediately. His eyes were shut, his face scrunched up in displeasure. 

He was having a nightmare, tussling in his bed, his voice sounding strangled. He was begging for something and fighting to be set free.

Was he dreaming about his time in his father's dungeon?

That made Zezi's heart weigh heavily with sadness and a feeling of despair seeped through her veins, then fear and panic, anger .... more anger. 

These weren't hers.

"Valerick." She said trying to wake him up. 

His eyelids snapped open, reveling his black souless eyes. He looked nothing awake, his stare was absolutely blank. He staggered to his feet, taking heavy steps as a hand clutched his chest, his claws digging into his flesh and blood running down his body. Those cobwebs lines she knew very much engulfed his face and disappeared beneath his blue silky nightrobe.

Zezi was more than terrified. She went around the bed, moving his free hand over her shoulders so that he could remain on his feet. 

"It hurts so much." His hand tightened against his chest. 

"What hurts?"

He took a step towards the bathroom instead, almost falling because she had been unprepared for his move. 

"Water. Take me to water." 

With a couple of tasking movement, Zezi was finally able to get Valerick into the bathroom. He slipped into the tub as she filled it with water and he laid in deeper to the point that he was submerged in it. 

Valerick got better soon enough and he sat in the tub, his gaze set straight ahead. 

When he spoke, his voice was cold. It felt like the wall between them had returned stronger.

"There will be compensation for your time spent here." He wasn't even looking at her. 

For how long were they going to keep on with this?

"Compensation?" 

"Yes or do I insult you with that?"

"You insult me." 

The bathroom walls made their voices echo slightly. Water trickled as Valerick stepped out of the tub.

"No compensation then. Get out." 

Zezi rose to her feet immediately, there was no pleaure in sitting on the cold tiled floor anyways, and watching him step away from her, absolutely drenched wasn't helping either.

Sparks were flying across her skin, the bond between them spiking with an electric feeling and the thought that filled her mind were inappropriate for the moment. 

It was almost as if the bond couldn't just understand that they were having an argument and the mood wasn't right.

Also why was he so beautiful? Who gave him the audacity to look like that at a time like this. 

"I will stay."

He scoffed, peeling his shirt off and tossing it to the floor as he turned to look at her. "Leave, Zezi. Your presence frustrates me. It's tiring."

She arched him an eyebrow, forgetting in that moment all the questions she had planned to ask him, and instead feeling the stab of his words. "I will stay." 

"Why, do you keep coming to your regret?" He was getting rid of his pants. Why was he getting rid of his pants? It was wet, yes, but why was he getting rid of his pants right now?!

Why was he getting rid of everything?! It was distracting! He was distracting!

Wait, what was that? His lower belly was bandaged. Could that be a side effect of killing all the Volakys in the den?

"Is that---" she pointed at it. "Are you okay?"

He frowned dismissing her question with a question of his own.

"I am your regret, ain't I? The reason why everything has gone wrong in your life, ain't I?"

"Do you need a towel?"

"What?" That certainly didn't sound like any of the answers he was expecting.

"You might be cold." It was hard to  Don't you need a towel."

"I don't need a towel." Then a glint of mischief snaked into his eyes, his brows still sharpened with anger as he stalked closer her. "What, do I affect you that much?"

Hardly was he within her reach before she threw her hands around his neck, pressing her lips against his. In an instinctive response, he pushed her against the nearest wall, while her fingers slipped into his wet hair, her lips savouring his.

Great. 

What a horny trainwreck!

He pulled away with difficulty. 

This wasn't going as planned. 

He had to be stronger than this!

He was King for goodness sake. There was no temptation he couldn't resist.

He was still keeping his side of the link locked, so that was still great on his path. He was still in full control. 

"Stop trying to kiss my question out of my head." His thumb trailed her slightly swollen lower lip. "Answer me."

There was only a hairnreath between them and they both stated into each others stormy gaze, their bodies pressed together, some drpllest of water that still stayed on Valerick's body dampening Zezi's dress. 

"Yes, you affect me this much." 

He sighed, clearly frustrated with his struggle to stay in control. 

"Not that question."

"What question?" Her hands slipped to his back, her claws digging into his skin and drawing blood. In an immediate response, his hand slipped into her hair, pulling a fistful, while the other ensured she stayed pinned to the wall.

There was no temptation he couldn't resist... except this one, except her. 

"You are so cruel, using the power you have over me without mercy." He whimpered when her tongue came in contact with the mark on his neck. He gnashed his teeth against the moan that almost slipped back his lips, making the groan rumble in his chest instead.

His control slipped and so did all the walls he had been holding up.

__
((Yesterday's Update - Sorry for missing it)).
###chapter 159 - Tonight 
Zezi didn't have the time to prepare for all the emotions that flooded her veins, including the pain that certainly wasn't hers. 

Before he could claim her lips in a hungry kiss that would certainly lead to more, she pulled away, gnashing her teeth in pain, her hands clutching her lower belly before darting to his and seeing it bandaged state, as she yelped.

Valerick's dazed eyes widened. The fogginess was immediately cleared out of his head when he realized what had happened. 

Quickly, he shut down their link. 

"I will get Nicholas."

"No, you need to leave." He was tying a towel around his waist. So there was a towel in this bathroom after all. "Don't come back."

In a second, he was out of the bathroom. Determined, Zezi followed him.

Despite Valerick's protest that he didn't need to be cared for, Zezi had found a way to force him to lay in bed while she straddled him so he wouldn't move. Her face was pulled into a frown, as she tried to do some damage control and wrap a fresh bandage around his injury. 

He should have healed by now, but it seemed killing all those Volakys in the den below had affected him more than she had thought. 

"Why is it so hard for you to answer?" His question met the silence in the room, and her rhythmic heartbeat that had just picked up its pace. 

"You allowed the Joining Ceremony. You bare my mark, you gave me yours." His fingers skimmed over his mark on her and it took everything in her not to roll her eyes back and forget all about treating him. 

"You let me touch you." His hands slipped into her skirt, his claws grazing her thigh. Her brows furrowed, as she pretended not to notice until his finger skimmed over her panties and her gaze locked with his. 

The world might have as well stood still at that moment. 

"Really touch you."

"And you always come back but up till now, you still hate me?" He pulled away, placing his hand back on her warm thigh instead. Thank the Moon for that because now she could think again, not so straight but at least, she was thinking now. 

"I don't understand."

"What is there not to understand?" She tossed the used cotton wool on the side table, giving his injury a final wrap. She could feel every brush of his skin against her exposed arms as she did that, the feeling of his towel against her inner thigh, the feeling of him. It made her all too aware of his warm hand on her skin. "I love my people. You do not love my people. How can I love someone that does not love my people?"

"You hate mine and I love you."

"You love your people more." Done with the wrapping, she held his gaze, looking away the next moment.

This was such a distracting position, she needed to get up. The pleading in his voice wasn't helping either. She really needed to get up.

"Zezi..."

She sighed, frustrated. Her stormy gaze finally holding his. "You command more strength in this relationship, and you use your power over me without mercy."

"You think I am the strong one here?"

"Well, I am not the one with the power to turn a whole kind into some alternative creature in order to fill up the gap lacking in my army." Her voice quivered and she jammed her finger against his chest repeatedly for emphasis. "You know what you are doing is breaking my heart and yet," her hand slipped away from him, "you do them anyways, and then you play this helpless card." She snapped her fingers, before throwing her hands up in the air in frustration. "It drives me insane! I am the helpless one. You have the power of choice and you chose them over me."

"I am their King. What will you have me do?"

"Oh," her eyebrows shut up as she folded her arms across her. "You know what I would have you do." 

Silence reigned and his hand on her thigh slipped away. 

She smiled, a sad one. 

"It is settled then, we both love our people more." That was what she said but what Valerick had heard was different. 

She loved him...

Maybe not more than her people, but still she loved him.

She loved him!

That was a win in his books.

Zezi was quick to get off him, carrying her warmth with her and the electric feeling that her touch spread through him. 

That feeling of being alive. 

Quickly, she packed up the first aid box and returned it to a corner of the room. 

She headed to the door but Valerick had gotten there first, his hand holding the towel that almost slipped away, while the other held the doorknob.

"The towel couldn't handle the speed." He chuckled. His humour was infectious and she had smiled before she kept a straight face once again.

"Get out of my way, I want to leave."

"Stay with me tonight, tomorrow we can go back to choosing sides."

"Valerick."

He pulled her into an embrace, burying his nose in her hair before she could protest. 

"By the Blood, I have missed you. I hate it so much when we fight."

"You were the one fighting me."

"I was stupid."

It was her time to chuckle. They pulled away and her hands combed through his hair as she stared at him lovingly.

What a betrayer she was, to fall in love with this one that she shouldn't love. 

When did it even happen?

"You killed a lot of Volakys. That was so brave of you. You did so well."

"I did?"

"Yes. My strong brave King."

"They gave me nightmares. Reminded me of how my stepmother and father used to torture me in his den." When he saw her expression change, he cupped her face in his hands. "I didn't tell you. They locked me up for two centuries. Took me too long to be fed up, don't you think?" He smiled.

Her eyes welled up with tears of guilt and his smile dissipated.

How did she get into the castle and end up fighting on the worse side? How unfortunate was she to have joined the White Circle?

"No one hates my father as much as I do. I am sorry for the sorrow he brought to you."

"He stole so much from you too."

He shrugged. "Well, I killed him and his precious crazy mate. I think we are even. I killed all the Volakys too. All of them." He chuckled. "I am sure he is throwing a tantrum in the flames right now."

They laughed. 

"The ones that came tonight, I don't know where they came from. Someone is behind this, but Riza is dead and I can't question her. Oliver is dead too, including Basit."

"Do you suspect anyone else?"

"My sister." He paused. "This enemy wants me to suspect her, but I am not a fool. Laura would never do such a thing, but if there is something I am sure of, it is that this enemy is within my walls. What about you?"

"What about me?"

"Is there something you know?" He asked with a gentle and knowing smile. "You can tell me anything, you know that."

She was about to panic that he knew about the poison but she stopped. If he knew about the poison, he would have said something about it a long time ago. She wouldn't even be here but in his dungeon.

"No, I don't. Well, I must leave you to rest now."

She was pulling away from him and he was pulling her back, trapping her between the wall and him.

"Leave if you want, I shall go with you."

"Like this? You are practically naked." When the look in his eyes didn't change, she added. "You will not."

"I will and you know it."

Fuck.

"Valeri--"

This time he didn't let anything stop him from claiming her lips. 

His kiss was hungry, and his hands went feral in undressing her. When his towel slid away, he let it, letting her feel his aching need against her skin, fueling her response, shaping it into insanity. 

Claws, skin, lips, and need. 

They went at each other like starved and crazed beings, gentleness thrown right out of the window. 

They would feel the effect of this madness later. 

"My Heartbeat." He groaned, when she fit against him like a second skin and he thrust into her. "My Soul." 

"My Valerick." She moaned, as they rode to ecstasy. "Mine."

When he sank his fangs into her neck, she let him, just like he let her dig her claws too deeply into his back and tugged at his head recklessly, when the pleasure hit.

They would go back to being enemies in the morning, choosing sides and hurting each other... but tonight?

They were lovers. Soulmates. They belonged to each other.

Tonight.

___
((Today's Update - Posting it now because I'll probably get really busy soon. It's my birthday!))
###chapter 160 - Games Of Impossiblities 
There had been no attack happening in Mira's room. However, something strange had happened. 

Lady Delice had seen Mira's father, George, clawing himself and saying defaming words to himself.

He was blaming himself for something and it didn't take Lady Delice any difficulty to understand that he and his beast were probably not in agreement on a very serious matter.

She had never witnessed something like that before even when she used to be part of a pack. 

It was very strange.  

However, she was able to restrain him and for that spilt moment when she had him pinned to the wall, something had flashed in her mind, something that reminded her of this mask she had in her hands right now. 

It was a brown mask, with deep green floral designs around it.

Right after she had ensured that he was in control of himself and she had ensured that Mira was alright, Lady Delice had left the room quite unstable. She had ran into her room and turned her boxes upside down to find this mask. 

It didn't make sense for her to be reminded of this. 

This was something that had happened so long ago that she had forgotten all about it. Besides, she was certain that the wolf had no connection to that event. 

She could still remember the bed, the blood on the mask, and the altered scent, but that was all. She couldn't remember anything more.

The memory was so blurry, she just couldn't remember.

Wait, this made no sense!

There was just no way! 

She was certainly overthinking this. 

Coming to that conclusion, she had tossed the mask aside and picked up a sachet of blood, drinking from it.

___
___

The first news Zezi got when she woke up was from happy Gwen, who was overjoyed by the fact that her Mistress was back in the chambers that she and the King shared. 

"Your daughter is awake!"

It was a wonderful news. So wonderful that Zezi didn't have time to express how happy she was to see Gwen again in good health or her worry about where Valerick had gone and if their enmity was back at it again after the night they had shared. 

All that was for later!

She ran down the stairs and faster than she had expected, she was in her daughter's room. Besides the physicians, there were others there already. George, Aunt Alice, Lady Delice, and soon enough, Valerick. 

Despite the fact that they had both agreed to choosing sides in the morning, Zezi had been so relieved and happy to see him. 

He effortlessly slid to her, trying to push as much concern and happiness into his face as much as he could. 

His Heartbeat would love him more if he loved her people. He would start learning to do that from now on. 

"Is she alright?" Zezi asked, moving around the bed and checking her daughter whose eyes she could finally see open after all these days.

It was barely up to a week but honestly, it felt like forever. 

"She is alright now."

Happiness consumed the room, a different emotion from the one that had been holding the castle hostage for a while now. 

Mira was so glad to see her parents again and the embraces were unending. She was happy to see Lady Delice and was extremely grateful after being told that she saved her life. 

The "thank you, Lady Delice" were unending too.

For that moment, there was peace. 

Until something happened.

When it was time to draw blood for some tests, Mira had touched one of the physicians during her protest of not wanting the needle. He had staggered back, looking around blankly for a second before slipping to the ground, unconscious.

Zezi had frowned and her eyes found George who was already looking at her. 

It was impossible. 

Quickly the physician was taken away and everyone was made to stay out of touchable distance from Mira. George was stubborn, he didn't want to move, scared that they wanted to do something to her. 

Zezi was stubborn too, having the same fear as George. Valerick tried to get her away, protective of her, while assuring her that he wouldn't let any harm come to her daughter. 

She couldn't hold his word for it. 

They did both agreed to choosing sides in the morning. If they were to come to the conclusion that Mira was dangerous to his kind, he would easily pick his people over her. 

So stubbornly by her daughter's side, she remained.

Soon enough, Nicholas was back from attending to the fallen physician.

"He is awake." He had declared, reassuring Mira that she hadn't killed the man.

The girl had smiled happily before Nicholas had pulled the room aside to speak to them about what was really going on.

"He is awake but he can't remember anything that happened today. He is kind of spaced out. Does this happen with you guys? Do you have this ability to make peoples' memories fade away?" Nicholas's gaze moved from Zezi to George and then to Aunt Alice, his questions directed to them. 

At the mention of "memories fade away", Lady Delice tensed up, but no one noticed that. No one was paying enough attention to it.

"Generally?" It was Zezi who asked. "Do you want to know if it is a werewolf thing?"

"Yes."

"No." George answered, "It is a very rare ability."

"You possess the ability?" Nicholas threw in a wild guess. 

George's shoulder tensed up. The vampires didn't know about this before and he didn't want them knowing any more about him than they already did. That would make them more desperate to acquire him as an instrument of war.

He would rather die than fight on their side. 

"Yes." 

Anything for his daughter, right? Even his safety and life-long conviction.

"So it is a genetic thing. We will still have to perf---"

"Mira is adopted." Belladonna cleared that up. 

"Hmm," Nicholas hummed, smoothening his hands against his scrubs. "We will have to run some tests on you George. You both have this ability."

"So you think she is from my lineage?"

"Well, this will help us in finding out what kind of hybrid she is. Also, she might be from your lineage. There can even be a slight chance, you might be her father."

More tension but this time George was ignorant of its growing nature. 

"I am her father."

"Her biological father, I mean."

Something shifted in him. 

"That is impossible."

"Nothing can be confirmed until the test is performed, of course," Nicholas said, as he departed from them. "So, we just have to wait."

Those words weren't as comforting as he had intended them.


###chapter 161 - The Bigger Question 
Delice had gone to visit her little Medallion that night and while she wept by his grave under the pouring rain, she had not expected anyone to come close to her, with a coat to shield her from the downpour. 

His hidden scent was the thing she noticed first and she had first thought it was Akeem, but the pair of red eyes she saw made her confirm otherwise. 

Wasn't this Mira's father?

What was he doing here, she wondered then she asked to get an answer.

He seemed different though, unlike the one that had been irritated with her touch and swore profanities at her face for being a monster, yesterday when she had rescued him from fighting himself. 

This one seemed gentle, and had no violence behind his red eyes. 

This one was his wolf. 

"I followed you." He had answered, crouching next to her. "I hitched myself to your carriage. I wanted to get away."

That, she understood. The need to escape. 

"Do you not hate vampires any more? What are you doing in my company?"

"I hate those Bloodsuckers." The firmness in his voice made her shoulders go rigid. His heartbeat was so noisy, how had she not noticed him? These werewolves certainly had some tricks up their sleeves with all these hidden abilities they had. If they had more control over their powers, well maybe things would be different.

While she thought of that, her attention was drawn to how close Mira's father was to her. If she focused enough, she could see the air that escaped through his nostrils and the ones that slipped in. Just as she was noticing his bald head which forced her to wonder how much experiment had been performed on him for the Turning, and why he wasn't locked up in a lab and put under observation.

He must be very strong. 

She wondered how strong he was.

"We both do but I feel different about you. He doesn't seem to understand why."

"Why?"

"Saving my Mira's life might not be enough reason for him but it is for me." He paused, holding her gaze. "Thank you."

"I would do it again a thousand times if I have to."

He smiled. 

She smiled, looking at the words engraved on the gravestone before her before looking at the muddy ground, taking note of the quiet rain and the damp scent of death. There was usually sadness in the air too but this time around, there was nothing. 

Nothing... and it didn't even feel bad. 

It felt peaceful. 

It made no sense. 

"Have you always been a vampire?"

"Why did you ask?"

"Just a thought." He shrugged, adjusting the black leather coat in his hands so it could give them more coverage. It wasn't big enough, so he moved just a little closer to her. 

That move hadn't gone unobserved. 

"No. I was a werewolf once. I had no wolf though."

"That must be it then, why I don't despise you." His eyes glimmered like those of a child with a blood bag in his hands. "You are one of us."

It was hilarious, the look in his eyes. 

In fact, everything about this was quite a sight. 

Absolutely ridiculous.

Lady Delice smiled. "That wasn't what they said when they kicked me out of the pack to the hands of mad rogues even though they knew I was too young to fight or fend for myself. They kicked me to the hands of death but I hold no grudge. I have lived life. It wouldn't have been better with them. The vampires saved me. I would

"I hold plenty of grudges."

Silence.

"I see we have all lost someone." He was looking at the gravestone now. "Who is this Medallion?"

"My son."

"Sorry."

"He didn't live long enough for me to have many painful memories. I wish he did, at least maybe all the memories wouldn't have been painful. At least, I wouldn't have only pain and sadness to hang on to. Maybe there would have been something happy to keep me going. This grieve. I would never stop grieving."

She should be saying this to Laura but her friend was still grieving Oliver. Earlier today, they had both visited Oliver's grave. (Delice was beyond shocked to find out that he was dead.)

So might for a person who hated the graveyard. 

Besides, Laura would never entertain her still grieving her son after ten years. It was enough that she was enough that even having him in the first place had tinted her perfection. 

Her tears didn't stop and slowly, he pulled her into a warm embrace, letting her cry against his shoulder.

So there they were, sharing a coat as she cried in his arms, in front of her son's grave... while someone watched from afar. 

Someone who would give anything to be in this strange werewolf's place. 

____
____

It was some minutes past one and finally Akeem was with the tiny bottle filled with the Volakys' extract that Zezi had been expecting. 

He smelt of rain and sorrow. For someone who always had no scent about him, it was strange. 

Quickly the exchange had been made and without a word, Akeem had disappeared into the aisle of the bookshelves in the library.

Zezi had turned away and left too, tossing away the thoughts of the sadness that perfumed his aura. 

She had after all asked him about it and he had said it was personal. 

Anyways, now that the Volakys's venom was in her possession, she had to think of the next step to take. 

___
____

It was 4 am and the test results were ready. 

Who needed sleep when trouble was setting the castle's roof on fire?

What did the test result say? 

Well, it birthed another trouble!

The impossibility turned out very possible, not just possible, it turned out to be real - the truth!

George was Mira's biological father. It was as if the wolf had always known, and that was why he was always protective of her. 

George had been on the verge of losing his mind and despite the stink eye he got from the King and the near strangulation that hit him every time he yelled "I have only been with you, Zezi, this is impossible", he still couldn't stop saying it. 

At this point, Valerick was plotting his death, planning to do it in a way disguised as caring so that if the wolf dies, at least his Heartbeat would still see him as loving her people. 

This was so difficult.

"I have only been with my wife. Zezi knows I am not promiscuous." 

Great, he would certainly kill him. It might not be in a manner disguised to be loving but he would kill him. 

"Where did the child come from? Run the test again." George declared, running his hand over his bald head. He was losing his mind.

His wolf's action last night was already doing a number on his sanity, and now this?!

Aunt Alice was trying to calm him down but her tactics were not working and Zezi was too stunned to be talking. 

It was a good thing they weren't in Mira's room, even better that Gwen and Lady Delice were with her. 

"I ran the test three times already," Nicholas said, pointing at the door that led to his lab. His office was small and looked a little scanty. He looked tired and George's panicking was only worsening his headache. 

Still, George's disbelief went on. 

It didn't help that Zezi also wanted them to run the test again. 

In her words, "It didn't make sense", George and her had been together for a long time and George was "loyal."

Those very lovely words stabbed Valerick's heart with reckless jealousy even though that had not been her intention.

Valerick understood the situation and after last night, he knew that Zezi only had eyes for him. She had told him with all her feverish whispers and trembling moans. He didn't need any asking for him to know that she no longer had any feelings for her former husband. 

But still, jealousy was jealousy. 

They ran the test again. 

It was confirmed that George was Mira's father. 

There was no argument this time. Only silent acceptance.

Well, now that it was confirmed that George was the Father, this led to another question.

A bigger one.

Who was Mira's mother?


###chapter 162 - Something Doesn't Feel Right 
It was certainly not Zezi because she had never been pregnant and never gave birth to any child. (In fact, she had a hidden belief that it was something that she might just be incapable of doing).

Who was Mira's mother? Had the placement of her at the border of the Capital been intentional? Also, Mira had been found as a baby while George was in the pack, married to Zezi, about six years ago. A year prior that, George had not stepped out of the Capital. 

So how did this happen?

The mother had some explaining to do.

That led to the main question once again. 

Who was Mira's mother?

George couldn't stop looking at his daughter and sighing. 

It was just simply impossible. 

There was no way he had come together with a vampire, a monster he hated with everything, and had a child with her. 

Just the thought repulsed him; Yet, it had happened. 

His Mira was an evidence of it. 

He loved her too much to hate her just because of what she was but he hated himself for participating in the betrayal he had accused Zezi of. 

Laying with a monster. 

When had this happened?

When he was oblivious? Had he been r.aped at a point and he didn't know?

What kind of complications was this?

He felt disgusted with himself at the moment, like something had been stolen from him that he would never be able to get back ever again. 

"Moon goddess, let this be a dream."

Zezi had pinched him, "It is not."

"When did you come in?"

"We need to talk." Then she turned to their daughter. "Mira, Mummy, and Daddy need to talk now, we will be back soon. Gwen will be here with you soon."

"Gwen!" She had clapped with happiness. 

Of course, the Gwen fever had gotten to her too.

Zezi couldn't even blame her. 

Gwen was so lovable, and when Mira had asked why she was drinking blood now, Gwen had made her believe it was because she was now a big pup.

Great. 

Mira had been very excited about that. She was happy that she no longer felt as sick as she used to anymore too. 

She was really happy and Gwen was teaching her how to handle her powers well, along with Lady Delice. 

Seeing that Mira didn't hate herself was one thing that was happening right now. 

Gwen had said that if she got better as soon as possible, she would introduce her to her bats who were dying to see her. 

Zezi was happy with that, it would help Mira to meet children who were more like her. 

There was plenty to be grateful to Lady Delice for too, besides her spending a lot of time with Mira and helping out. 

In the past Zezi wouldn't ever expect herself to think this but it was a blessing to have both vampires around her. 

"I have only ever been with you." He had said the moment Zezi shut the door behind them. "I am faithful, loyal."

Zezi knew he wasn't lying but he was Mira's father, so...

"You can't keep saying that."

"Well, I don't remember ever being with anyone else!" Frustration bit the edges of his voice and he threw his hands up in the air.  "I didn't. I can never lay with a vampire, you know how much I hate those Bloodsuckers! They are monsters. No offense to you, or take offense, I don't care. They are monsters, I would never."

"Well, she didn't fall out of the sky, did she?"

"It feels like she did with the way we found her." A corner of his lips arched with a smile despite the situation.

"You are her father. Nicholas can be annoying but he would never lie about something like this."

"You seem to be jolly with more and more bloodsuckers." George folded his arms across him, his anger hard to hide. 

"They are good and this one saved our daughter's life." Zezi was getting annoyed too. 

Great. 

It was annoying that he was always attacking her with something she already felt guilty over. It wasn't just his family that died, hers did too; he seemed to always forget that she had been there when it all happened.

It was funny that despite his hatred, he had been with a vampire before her experience with Valerick, and had a child. 

How ironic.

"Fine. I agree on that one."

Silence for a second. 

Two.

"So, do you remember anyone?"

"I---" he paused to think. "I really don't."

"What about the night we met the witch? We stopped at a bar. You told me you met someone and you almost talked my ears off about losing your virginity to her." She had thought it was a joke back then, but now it might not just be. "You remember, right?"

"I don't--- wait, I think I do. I am not so sure. They were all wearing masks and -- it is very blurry. All I remember that night is that they gave me a mask I didn't like." He sighed, holding his head because it ached. "I need a drink, this is too much for me."

Before he could reach the door, she held his wrist, stopping him. 

"If you had met someone that night, do you think that could have been Mira's mother?"

George's brown eyes sparked with the thought, before vengeance filled them and his anger returned. 

"I would never lay with a bloodsucker." He snapped his hand away from her grip. 

"But what if you had been so drunk that you didn't even know?"

Despite his anger, George tried to think straight.

"Then Mira would have been found by our border, probably three years old or thereabouts, not a baby. We found her in a basket, she hadn't even grown her first set of teeth. She was a baby." He sighed again. "Do you know where the bar is in this castle?"

"No."

"Well, time for me to go on an adventure that I, at least, can understand because I don't understand this."


###chapter 163 - Opposite Attracts, They Say.
George had found the bar, although he wasn't a type to love alcohol, this time around it had brought him some comfort.

A vampire had stepped into the bar a while later and anger rose in him, his skin prickled with hatred and he sent her a glare despite knowing that she was his daughter's saviour. 

Lady Delice flinched slightly at his glare but she didn't take any offense. It was him again and not his wolf. 

With his wolf, she shared an understanding, which was strange but that was how things were. 

How ironic.

Wasn't it his beast that was supposed to hate the vampires even more?

"Thank up for saving my daughter's life." He said, raising a bottle of alcohol to his lips. That brand of alcohol would make him drunk sooner than he was prepared for. "Last night was a mistake. It will not happen again."

Lady Delice smiled and nodded.

She had expected that he would say that. The fact that last night had even happened at all was still very surprising to her. 

He stood up, walked out of the bar, and moved around Lady Delice in a deliberately avoidant manner. 

As if, if he were to accidentally touch her, he would burn from the inside and evaporate into thin air with no evidence of his death. 

Lady Delice watched him leave, she needed the time alone. 

She had some things to think about anyway. She still hadn't seen Akeem and she was starting to get worried about him, the White Circle hadn't said anything yet and the strange Volakys that kept on attacking every now and then, worried her. Laura was in a state of grief and as much as she hated Oliver, it was saddening that he was dead. 

She hoped that Mira wouldn't find being a vampire too difficult. 

Ah, by the Blood, so many things. 

Just then she noticed how suddenly George had stopped before the door. 

He turned back to her with a smile on his face, his eyes the red shade that had comforted her yesterday and she knew immediately, who was speaking to her. 

"It was no mistake."

Strange. 

How could someone live like this?

The primal side and their human side were at two absolutely different sides.

Maybe it was a blessing that she never got her wolf and she had become a vampire instead. 

He was walking back to her again.

"It is nice to see you." He pulled her into an embrace, without warning and she stiffened, even with her sharp senses, she hadn't seen that coming. When he pulled away, she noticed how his eyes were a little dazed with the effect of the alcohol.

"You are drunk. Your human side would be very mad if you linger in my company. You must go." She sat down on the bar stool, by the bar table, turning her back to him, but he went around her, so that she was looking at him once again. 

"You do not tell me what to do," his voice sounded gruff with stubbornness. 

"He is going to be mad--"

"Let him be mad. We never agree on things like this," George settled on the bar stool in front of her, putting his bottle on the bar table, "I have learnt to live with it."

Things like this? What did that mean?

"How do you feel about Mira being your real daughter?"

"It feels like..." He paused, searching for the word. "Like normalcy. She had always felt like mine."

"And do you know her mother?"

He smiled, taking a swing from the bottle. 

"No." He chuckled. "I don't."

"Do you---"

"I don't want to think about it. It makes everything complicated, I came here to run away from that. You know what? Let us play a game."

He stood up, pouring her alcohol. 

"This is a disadvantage to you, whatever it is." Delice clicked her claws against the small glass. "I hardly get drunk."

"You don't know the rules yet," he said with a mischievous smile. 

"What are the rules? What kind of game is it?"

Despite herself, Delice was curious and maybe a little excited. 

"A shadow game. I say a word and you try to create it with shadows. You can use anything around to do it. I count to ten and if you haven't done it yet, you take a shot. Same thing with me. Also normal speed please."

"Oh, no." She laughed.

"Oh, yes."

Delice had never played this type of game before, quickly she looked around the room observing the source of the light, and calculating in her mind what available materials she could use to her advantage. 

"So, will you play with me?" He asked with the most adorable pleading eyes. 

A slow smile played on Delice's lips. 

"Yes."

Just like that, the cute look was gone, and mischief set in. 

What a wolf.

The first word was a mountain, Lady Delice had been able to easily create that with her hands.

So, steady the game began. 

The words got harder to recreate and more than George's wolf, Last Delice was the one taking the shots. 

"You rigged it." She said with a loud laughter and George shook his head. "we can take this shot together just so you won't feel lonely."

"No, I will win this game squarely. Next, friendship!" Then she counted, "1...2...3...." 

He grabbed her hand and she stopped, as he pulled her from the stool, so the shadows of them holding hands could be cast on the walls. 

"What are you doing?"

"Look," he pointed at the wall, then whispered, "friendship."

A moment passed between them and Delice felt a strange warmth in her heart that had stopped beating a long time ago. 

"What? Is it supposed to be allowed to use your opponent to win?"

"There were no rules against it. Come on, look at that. We are here, playing a game, happy. We are friends. This is friendship."

She smiled, pulling her hand away and taking her seat back at the table. 

"Now that I know I can make use of you, I am about to win this game. Be prepared to lose."

"Defeat, eww." He dramatized. "Not something I like."

He said, and they laughed. 

They played their game long into the night. 

___
___

((I have a lot going on at the moment and updates for this book will be once a week. Sorry about this. Once my tests are over, we will be back to a ###chapter per day. After my exams, there will be a Mass Release to end this book between February ending and the beginning of March. Thank you for your understanding and thank you for reading. Love, AT.))


###chapter 164 - A Taste Of Something Forbidden 
While they spent time together once again, a displeased soul watched from the dark. 

For Akeem, his ability to remain unnoticed for as long as he wished and to wield the dark to his will, was starting to feel like a double-edged sword. 

It pierced his heart to watch his High Pillar with another, sharing moments that he had begged for but never received. 

His own Sire. 

Enough!

He had seen enough to shatter his heart, therefore, he disappeared to deliver the extract he had in his fist to the Queen. 

Even as he left, their whispers from the bar room followed him and haunted him. Her laughter floated to his ears, through the hallway as he departed.

If only she would ever laugh with him that way -at the things he said, if only she would ever allow his embrace without rebuking him and telling him that his feelings weren't what he believed them to be. 

If only she acted with him, like she was doing with the wolf.

If only. 

"Your laughter reminds me of something---" the wolf's voice drained out with the distance between him and the room till he couldn't hear them any longer. 

That should bring him relief, but it didn't.

___
___

In the bar room, a lighthearted feeling filled the room. There was no tension, just ease and peace. Like they had been best friends for many years and had gone through all the highs and lows of their lives together. Like they had seen each other at the best and worst times, and there was nothing to hide or any need to even do that. 

So peaceful. 

So right. 

"Reminds you of what?" Delice asked, trailing a claw around the mouth of her cup. It was half empty, but she still appeared to be in a better shape than George's wolf. 

He rested his head on the table, his eyes trying to focus on only her as he tried to remember his line of thoughts.

"This..." he paused, a twinkle of a smile in his eyes, as if he was about to say the most ridiculous thing, "...bar." He laughed. "It's ridiculous--I--" then he paused, grabbing his head from the ache that suddenly jammed in it.

When blood drizzled down his nose, Delice jumped up from her stool with fear. The smell of his blood was enticing, it smelt of life, far better than the blood in those packaged sachets. 

It smelt warm, like it would be the most tasty thing. It reminded her of the different purposes he could serve.

He was food.

It was an intrusive thought she had no control over. 

He sat up, attempting to wipe the blood away in his drunk state, not at all shocked by it. His attempt was sloppy though and he ended up smearing it even more across his face, as he watched the instinctive thirst in her eyes grow with candy-like delight. As if he had forgotten that in this situation, he was the prey. 

"You look hungry for me."

She blinked and stood up, quickly. "You are drunk. Your statements are illogical and dangerous... for you. The game was lovely but now, we must draw the curtains. Have a great night." 

His hand latched forward, over the table, as he jumped to his feet and held her wrist. 

Delice stiffened, her eyes widening, when she took note of their contact and the stain of blood it left on her dress.

"You cannot --" the words blurred from the next thing that happened.
He was right in front of her, backing her to the table. 

What was going on?!

"Dangerous for me?" There was a glint in his red eyes. Heat pooled beneath her skin, and she slid to sit on the surface of the table effortlessly. 

She felt a little lightheaded herself and it just helped that she was sitting.

"Yes. I can state many more reasons why this conversation must end. I am a bit foggy with the alcohol. I am tipsy and you are drunk. Let us call it a night. Tomorrow, your mind will be fresh, you will see the situation differently and be able to connect things the way you should. You will accept your daughter with ease. You might have to battle with a little headache when you wake up though." A ghost of a smile shadowed her lips. "Goodnight, George's Wolf."

"Ka'ik." He pulled closer, the wafting of the smell of the alcohol and his blood rushing into her lungs. 

"What?" The closer he moved, the more distracted she became. The distraction increased even more when he planted his palms on either side of her, trapping her. 

"In my lineage, every beast has its primal name." His red eyes glinted with excitement that she couldn't fathom. "Mine is Ka'ik."

"Ka'ik?" Never had she heard of a primal name before, even though she had once been part of a pack. It was probably something unique to George's lineage alone, because it didn't seem like the Queen had something like this either. 

"Yes?" He said as he threaded her fingers between his own. 

She gulped, despite herself and how much control she had learnt from her Sire.

This game had led to something she would never have prepared for. 

For a long time, Lady Delice had only fed from sachets and rarely from life sources. Once upon a time, they fed from Life Sources, but that wasn't a time she wanted to go back to for many reasons. The Dark Times wasn't something anyone wanted to revisit, despite its little perks. 

She had banished that time away in her mind along with the little pleasures that came with it. 

This was something she had already taught herself to forget about.

But now, at this moment, temptation stood in front of her and was luring her. 

His blood smelt rustic and the memory of the raw pleasure it would bring, lit in her mind.

Never had she been this tempted. 

"My forbidden Bloodsucker---" he chuckled, lightly. His focus was now on their intertwined fingers. 

"What is it like to be fed from? It is as pleasurable as they say? Zezi has never said anything about pain and she is definitely---" he paused, then looked at her. "Will you feed from me?"

"You hate vampires," she sounded breathy. 

He shrugged, running his thumb over her lower lip, his thumb that still had his blood on it. She licked her lips and her eyes slid shut immediately from the sensation, before she snapped them open just as quickly. 

Her struggle was obvious against the wildness that unleashed in her eyes. 

For a vampire, her control was fantastic. 

That control was something Ka'ik needed her to lose.

"My hatred is so much I want to know how it feels like to be fed from, so I can have one more reason to hate. So the pain will remind me." His voice lowered with a gruff as he moved his bare neck towards her lips. "I don't hate you, so you do it."

When she didn't move, his fingers slipped into her hair, and he angled her head so her lips were pressed against his neck. 

In a flash, fangs dug beyond his skin, his eyes rolled back, a groan resonated in his chest and his legs buckled. 

The rumours were true.

This was pleasure.


###chapter 165 - The Storm Forms 
The taste of Ka'ik's blood was a mix of forbidden pleasure. 

The second Delice was able to snap out of the temptation, she pulled away, her lips completely smeared with the evidence of her mistake. Ka'ik's red eyes were dazed and he slumped to the floor as soon as she stopped rendering him her support. She sprinted out of the bar room and when she heard him call her name like a faint whisper carried to her by the dry, suffocating air of a graveyard, she didn't look back. 

An ache drummed in her head, and the speed at which she ran to her room didn't help. Different images flashed in her mind, voices that she was sure didn't reside, and a song, -no different voices singing along to some loud music, different heartbeats colliding, the smell of strong lust in the air, the rushing of blood through different veins and arteries and the taste- that taste. She could almost remember it. In fact, it felt like she was tasting it right now, but she couldn't be certain; The wolf's blood was all she could taste.

"Fuck!" she cursed, as another wave of headache hit her and she had to grab her head with her hands at either side, as if otherwise it would drop and roll down the floor. 

She wasn't drunk.

She knew it, but something was wrong with her.

The images of that brown mask flashed in her mind, there had been floral designs on it.

She shut the door firmly behind her, and raced to pull out the box she was certain the mask was in. Then she pulled out the mask, and trailed the floral designs around the edges with her fingers, observing the simple design under the glow of the moon that seeped into the room through the small uncovered space of the window. 

Her knees met the floor slowly, her intense focus on the object in her hands. Her sight was blurry, which was weird and it took a couple of blinking for her to be able to see the mask clearly again. 

There! She remembered.

This mask wasn't hers, it was someone else's, she just couldn't remember whose it was at the moment, but she had met the person at the bar. 

There was a lot she couldn't remember about that night, but she was certain that was the night she had met the father of her Medallion. She couldn't remember his face, his smell, not even the shape of his body, or what had drawn her to him in the first place.

All she had of him was this mask, which until now, she had never been truly certain of whom it belonged to.

But tonight, she knew.

She remembered.

Right after she had tasted Ka'ik's blood - she remembered many things right after she had tasted his. 

Delice stumbled to her feet, the mask slipping right out of her hand when she realized what the implication of this might be. 

For some illogical reasons, she thought that maybe Ka'ik was her Medallion's father - that man she could never remember. George had the power to make someone lose their memory, she had seen the evidence of that with what Mira did after her recovery.

What if, the reason why she had never really remembered the father of her child was because it was George she had met that night and he had wiped her memory away? Ka'ik's behavior towards her was very different from George's. Maybe they had spent the night together when he was in control and when George gained back control, he had made her forget. Maybe not just her, maybe he had done it to himself too. 

She gasped from how wild her thoughts were running.

It was a wild card amid nothing but there was a reason for all that.

His blood was the one she had tasted tonight, his blood had brought back these memories as incomplete as they might seem.

It was his blood. 

There just had to be a reason. 

"Milady." Someone said from the darkness of her room, and she jumped, a little startled.

She had been so lost in thought, she hadn't noticed the intruder's presence.

"Akeem!" She finally said, looking right at him before he stepped into the light the Moon was providing. "I have been so worried about you. Where have you been?"

Something flickered in his eyes but he concealed it way too quickly for her to interpret whatever it was. 

She had honestly been worried about him.

When his gaze shifted to the box and the mask on the floor, she stepped into his line of sight, commanding his attention instead. 

"I have been busy, Sire. Is there anything you would have wanted me for? Is there anything you may need me to provide? I will do anything for you."

"No. I was just worried. I thought the Volakys had gotten to you."

"If they had, you would have felt it." He pressed his palm against his chest. "Here. We are connected."

"I am glad to know that you are alright." She waved his implied meaning aside, not wanting to indulge him. "Why are you here?"

"You drank from him." He stated coldly and she suddenly remembered that her lips were still smeared with his blood. 

There was no need to ask questions, she knew Akeem, she knew that he must have seen her. 

"I forbid you to tell this to anyone." 

His jaw tightened, his body rigid beneath his black concealing assassin robes. "I would never reveal your secrets. But I've begged you to drink from me many times and you have refused me." Tears glimmered in his eyes. She knew the hurt that resided in them so much and that stubbornness. 

He would never give up, would he?

"Akeem, we are not doing this again."

"Why should he attain such an opportunity to serve you in a way I would never. I have begged, many times and you have turned me down but you give to him on a platter of gold what I have toiled for without any attainment. What does he have that I do not? Why do I deserve your cruelty? Such wickedness. Why do you not have any mercy on me?" He paused, fighting the tears in his throat. 

"You exaggerate the situation."

"And you break my heart." 

Delice shook her head. 

"You must learn to resolve this unnecessary obsession. I have told you many times that you mistake your feelings for what they aren't. I have had experience, I know how it feels. It is not good for you."

"Pardon me, Sire, but I believe that is mine to decide."

"I do not love you, Akeem. You must understand that."

"And you love him?" He didn't raise his voice, but the rage was enough telling.

"No."

"Then why can't you choose me?"

"Enough. You are trespassing." 

He stepped back, his head bowed. "Forgive me. I spoke without thinking. I will not do it again." 

Some moments of silence passed between them, heavy with tension.

"Why are you here?"

"To deliver a message. The White Circle beckons."

A meeting. 

Finally. 

There was a lot they needed to talk about. Especially the recent Volakys attack? Was that from the White Circle? What was going on? Why had Laura set Riza up? 

There was just so much.

"Then we shall not keep them waiting. Come with me. Hurry."


###chapter 166 - From The Dead
The Meeting Ground was very scanty, only a selected few had been invited to this. 

The first thing Delice noticed when she got there was the fact that Zezi had not been invited. 

"She is tightly occupied with her assigned duty." Laura had said when Delice had asked why she had been ousted from the meeting. "I find myself lucky. Honestly, to be rid of the presence of that dog gives me the utmost relief. I'm so glad her stench isn't sticking up the place." She had ended with a giggle as she clicked her claws against the bangles around her wrist.

Laura didn't seem offended that they had not been spending a lot of time together as they used to, and neither did she seem like she was grieving her mate, Oliver, like she had seemed to be doing during the few times Delice had ran into her in the Castle.

She must be handling his death really well.

Poor, Laura. She wished to do more for her. 

"Also, about the poison, we suspect that the fur creature isn't carrying out her duty to the letter. Probably she is now getting swayed since she has been crowned the Queen. Our plan is time-sensitive and for that, we must devise more than one plan to ensure its success. With the way things are now, we have options besides that disloyal dog."

Laura had smiled at her, her gaze fixed on the empty seats that Riza and Basit would usually occupy. 

Delice was agitated and she didn't hide her concern for how things were happening in the Castle, seeing that most of these things were not discussed in any of the meetings prior to the event. 

"Riza and Basit had to pave the way for our next solution. You know I would never keep anything from you, Delice. I love you, and remember we are doing this because it is the best thing to be done for the King. With each second, his darkness grows even more, and if we don't do this, he will become an agonizing death for himself. Do not doubt yourself, you are doing what is best. You love him and this is the best way to love him."

Laura had expected Delice to echo her words like she usually would, but this time around, she had merely nodded and followed up with a question.

"What is this "option" that is of more guarantee than the Queen?" 

A smirk crossed Laura's face. 

"You'll see it soon."

Within the four Pillars, the meeting commenced. 

The Princess's mother - whose presence was still being evidenced by a huge ball of smoke, announced to them her gratitude for their dedication, adding encouraging words that they were closer to their aim than ever, before telling them about their second option for which Laura brought forward a small red box. 

"We will create our own army that even the King cannot stand against. Before he brings his darkness to us and consumes us all with his soul-seizing powers, we will take him out. We present to you the solution. The Extract."

"An empty box?" Someone tossed the question.

No. 

The box wasn't supposed to be empty. 

The solution should have been in the box, but it wasn't. 

That was when all hell broke loose. 

A frantic search occurred, voices overcame one another as questions were thrown around.

"Have we been called here to be made fools of?!"

"You are keeping secrets from us? Are we not in this together anymore?"

"Where is it? Has it been stolen?"

"Stolen? From the Princess? I call foul play!"

"Do we have a betrayer in our midst?"

"Where is it?"

"What is it?"

Angered by what was going on and frustrated that someone had stolen from her and she didn't notice, Laura left the meeting Ground, taking a turn into a secret room, with walls just as bare as the secret door, with only a torch hung on it. 

Delice followed.

The four slammed shut eerily behind her but Delice paid that no attention, instead her focus was on Laura who was pacing around. 

"Are you alright?" 

The answer to that was obvious.

"The Volakys extract was stolen right from underneath my nose! I am sure the King only has the one they got from Oliver's room. Someone else knows about this." She stopped, her eyes widening with slight shock. "Do you think it is the Fur Creature? Could she have suspected that we were dropping her off the plan? Do you think she is that smart?" 

The Queen was a smart one, that was what Delice suspected, but right now she didn't feel like Laura was being sincere with her. There just seemed to be something wrong with her Mother's speech, or maybe it was the tone with which she had heard it. 

Were those the words they had always said before?

Why did it not sound as convincing as it used to?

Why did it sound different?

"She is just a dog. What would she know about surpassing your plan? You give her too much credit to think she possesses that sort of brilliance."

It took a couple of seconds of blinking before Laura nodded in agreement, although she was surprised at Delice's choice of words. She was usually polite. 

It was a good thing she was starting to see the dog for what she really was. Truthfully, Laura was already starting to get worried about her perceived closeness with the dog. 

This was reassuring.

"You are right." She walked off to the wall, scratching her claws against it. "I will do everything to find out who the thief is but before then, we might have to steal the one in the possession of the King." She froze again. "You don't think it is my brother, do you?" This time, her voice was a little breathy with fear, distaste around the edges of the word "brother".

"If it were to be the King, we would know."

That was true. 

There was no way he wouldn't have thrown them into the dungeon, or led them to the Execution Ground if he had known of the Extract.

On his mere suspicion of her involvement with the Volakys' attack, he had thrown her into the dungeon. No matter, how much he claimed that she had his heart, he would have definitely fed on her soul. 

She relaxed when Delice pulled her into an embrace. 

"We will find the missing Extract. Don't worry."

"Oh, you are just the thing I need my sweet--"

"The Extract is missing?!" A shocked voice interrupted them from within the room and Delice pulled away immediately, because she knew that voice and the owner of that voice was supposed to be dead. After all, Laura had brought in his dead body and she had buried him, held his funeral!

He has a grave he should be in!

But there he was, standing in his room with his braided beards and those eyes that held dying humour in them. 

"Oliver?"

___
___
((Yesterday's Update - Sorry I missed it.))


###chapter 167 - Ghost Or Not?
"What? Did you just say--"

"Yes. Oliver is right---" When she turned back, there was only an empty space where Oliver had been. "---there."

"Delice, are you alright?"

That question almost drove her insane. 

"I am alright. I just saw Oliver and I heard his voice right now. He was right there." The doubt in Laura's eyes made her itch in a way she couldn't describe. She rushed over to where she had seen Oliver, trying to find out if there was a secret passage around here, but she found none. 

She had seen him. 

She had seen him!

"He was right here."

Or was she seen a ghost? That was... impossible.

"What are you doing?" Laura's eyebrows sharpened with anger. "Are you trying to dig harder into my grief?"

Something in Delice dropped and her shoulders slumped, as she took some steps closer to her broken friend.

"No, Laura I would never--"

The anger in her eyes didn't subsidize. "Or you are still in love with him after all these years."

"You know I am not guilty of such."

"Then why are you seeing his ghost and I am not."

Laura was crying now, her body trembling slightly, even her luxurious dress couldn't hide. 

"It has been hard for me and just because I put on a bold front you don't know how hard it is. You don't know what I have been going through. There is already so much problem with the extract that I had been stolen from me and then this---"

"The extract," Delice interjected as if she was hearing the word for the first time. "Do you mean the Volakys extract?"

That would make sense, since she had said Riza and Basit had paved the way for the new solution, except there was something she didn't know. 

But, what?! The Volakys?!

Laura gasped. "No! I would never involve us with those vile creatures. Do you know how much we had to struggle to gain freedom from them? Their reigns?! I would never take us back to the Dark Times. What kind of Evil do you think I am? Do you not know me?" Laura leaned against the wall, as if she had lost strength and faith in her legs to hold her up, tears swindled in her eyes and the sour bitter feeling of guilt spread through Delice's veins.

"I---"

"Also, we are talking about my Oli. You saw him? Heard his voice? What does that imply about you, Delice? Having illusions about my mate? Mine and not yours. My. Dead. Mate."

Delice shook her head, already consumed with regret. "I saw nothing. I heard nothing."

"No." She hissed. "You don't have to lie to me!"

"Laura, shhhh," Delice finally closed the gap between them, and pulled her into an embrace. Laura's weakness and total reliance on her, made Delice feel like she was carrying more than she could bear. For anyone looking, it would look like a simple embrace but in reality, it felt heavier than any embrace should be. "I am sorry, I am so sorry for everything. I shouldn't have suggested that extract was from the Volaky, I knew how hurt you were when your brother did that. I should have done better. I am sorry for bringing you back into this state. I am so sorry about Oliver."

"I never blamed you for not being there to help me with my grief." Laura wept into Delice's shoulder. "I am struggling and trying to do it all by myself because I know we all have things to confront, especially with everything happening in the Castle. How could you hurt me like this?"

Heavy words that pierced through the heart. 

"I am sorry. Forgive me. It will not happen again."

"Oh, Delice. I could never not forgive you. The grief is just too much for me, I don't know what to do with it."

After some minutes of crying and consolation, Laura pulled away from the embrace, and wiped her tears. Just like that, her pitiful look was gone like it was never there. A smile played on her lips.

"You are drunk," she laughed. "I can smell it in your breath. That is why you are seeing things." She laughed harder and Delice joined in the laughter.

Then it died and seriousness seeped in. 

"I will find out whosoever did this and I will make them pay. The thief will not go unpunished." Then she moved closer. "I love you, Delice, promise me that no matter what happens you will never leave my side. You are the only one and without me by your side, there is nothing for either of us." Something switched in her look and Delice stiffened, knowing they were back to the roleplaying. Something about this didn't feel right. 

"Do you love me, Mummy?"

"I love you, Laura." She reached for her and cupped her face, giving her a reassuring smile, one Laura later returned. "My brave, strong, Laura."

___
___

Akeem was waiting by the door when his Sire stepped out of the room he had only known existed because he had seen her step in. His gaze clashed with the Princess's, her red eyes were burning with fury and he looked away immediately, fearing that if she looked at him for a second longer, it would click and she would realize that he was the thief she was searching for. 

When he was stealing the extract, he had been so distracted by the thoughts of his Sire and that Wolf being together that he had forgotten to put in a replica. 

She must not find out that he was the thief, even his High Pillar mustn't know about it. 

Instead of joining the meeting though, his High Pillar turned to the exit and so, he followed. 

___
___

Delice had gone straight to her room and stepped outside with digging tools. 

Akeem was more than confused. The hallway was dark and empty, which was good since no one would be able to be a witness to his Sire losing her mind. 

"Are you going to see your Medallion, Milady?" He asked skeptically.

"Akeem." She stopped short, her gaze blank and her shoulders stiff. The memory of seeing and hearing Oliver's voice was still playing in her mind. It felt too real to be a mere illusion. 

She wasn't that drunk. In fact, she wasn't drunk at all. Her senses felt sharpened than they had ever felt. 

"Yes, Sire?"

"Will you dig out Oliver's coffin for me, I want to see what is in it."

Akeem obliged, taking the tools from her without question.

"Whatever you wish, Sire."


###chapter 168 - By The Blood!
The shovel hit the dark loose soil concealing the dead beneath, ripping the earth apart under the pouring, angry rain that declared its presence with thunder and lightning.

Their robes stuck to their bodies, absolutely drenched but they didn't care. 

Delice's focus was on the grave, whatever she would find in the coffin was about to define everything. 

Finally, Akeem dragged the box out and he threw it open on her command. 

Oliver's scent sipped into the air, along with that of rotting flesh. She at first thought that it was strange that Laura hadn't taken measures to embalm his body but given the circumstances, that couldn't have been possible. 

Delice took a step back, already feeling terrible that she had defiled the grave of her best friend's mate because of some alcoholic delusional. Her eyes misted with tears and she blinked her tears away.

Frozen, she watched. 

"Should I seal the coffin back, Milady?" Akeem asked after a long moment of her silence. 

She didn't reply, instead, she stepped closer, yanking the scattered robes of the dead to find bones and the rotting flesh whose smell consumed the air. 

She found none.

No body. 

No bones. 

Just this rotting smell. 

"That is impossible," Akeem said beside her. 

"His body has been stolen. Something is going on." She whispered, then she stood up sharply. "Seal the coffin and put it all back the way it was. Someone has been here before us. I must tell Laura. This might be the same person that stole the extract." 

___
___

"Laura! Laura! You need to know this! Oliver's body is missing and I think there is a witch in control of all this, it must be the same person responsible for stealing your extract. You need to come with me immediately." The words had rushed out of Delice's mouth the minute she made it into Laura's secret room. 

She had gone up to her room in the Castle and had not found her there before deciding to rush here, to the underground abode. Delice knew that Laura might be displeased that she had gone to disturb Oliver's grave but she was ready to face the consequences of that, as long as they could catch the thief and she could help her friend. 

The thought of someone using Oliver's body to get to Laura and fool her, made Delice sick to her stomach. 

She would lose her mind if anyone were to use her Medallion's body to play tricks on her. It was a good thing that Laura had buried her son properly to ensure something like that would never happen. The fleeting thought of what he would look like and the life they would have had if he had just survived made it into her mind. 

That reminded her of her suspected link with Ka'ik and it filled her mind with confusion. He must have slept with more than just her that night, that was if it had been him. There was something about that memory that just kept failing her. 

She had a son, and Mira was a girl. The memory was one that was filled with uncertainty, she would never speak of it not to complicate things further.

But all that wasn't necessary now, she had to focus on the present, and that meant that she needed to talk to Laura. 

She needed to protect her friend.

Whatever witch could do that was a powerful one and it was better for them to know of this opposing presence right now so they could be fully prepared to face them. 

She had found Laura in the secret room, which was a good thing. 

"What are you doing here?" Her voice sounded ragged, there was no natural light from the moon, and no candles were lit but all that was unnecessary. 

Their sight was good enough that they could see in the dark. 

"Did you not hear everything I just said, Oliver's body is missing. What I saw before wasn't an illusion, there must be a witch behind this, we have to tell your mother--"

"You went to Oliver's grave?"

"Y-yes." 

"Why---" the words Laura said next seemed to evaporate and Delice took note of her dressed, or rather, her almost naked state. 

She was in a matching pair of black leather underwear, and a whip was in her hand. 

"What were you doing?"

"Attending to private matters."

Delice frowned. "Who is in here with you?" 

"No one." Laura's brows arched with anger. "How dare you go to Oliver's grave? What---"

Her words were drowned out again, as Delice replayed everything in her mind. 

When she had stepped in, she had been too overwhelmed to tell Laura about what she had discovered that she hadn't noticed that it seemed Laura had rushed into the room just as she had. 

It clicked!

There was a secret door here. 

In a flash, and with her memory of what she had seen when she stepped in guiding her, Delice raced past Laura, trusting her instincts to lead her right. 

They did. 

The walls shifted beneath her palm, and the gentle light from the candles in the room they led to almost burned her eyes from the abrupt change. 

A sex dungeon.

There was nothing surprising about that though.

What Delice found absolutely surprising was the naked submissive who was on his knees, with chains around his wrists, with eyes filled with drunken lust, and a sly smile that graced his very much alive face. 

"Hello, Sweet Bun," Oliver said, giving her a wink while tilting his head to signal to his erect dick, which had a low vibrating object wrapped around it. It must be a sex toy. "Want to join in?" 

By the Blood, what was this?!

No, this was no ghost. 

This was real!

REAL!

"It is not what it looks like?" That was Laura. She was still behind her. 

Delice smiled, shaking her head as she moved away from Laura.

"This is becoming a very bad habit."


###chapter 169 - Everything I do, I do For You
"Delice--" Laura reached out to her. Delice tried to escape her grip but she wasn't fast enough, neither was she stronger than Laura. 

In no time, Laura had her hand around Delice's neck, pinning her against the wall. 

"You will listen to me."

"I only ever listen to you."

"And you will listen again." 

"Fuck!" That was Oliver, still at the mercy of the sex toy and the bondage Laura had put him in. 

"What did you do to him?" Delice asked with polite disgust. 

"He is fine, just on some sexual enhancement herbs I made."

"I am so sorry, you are putting that to waste at the moment. Permit me to excuse you." As gentle and polite as Delice's words sounded, the anger in them was not hidden. 

"You will stay and you will listen."

"What other thing have you lied to me about? The extract? Is it Volakys'? Your brother was right, wasn't he? I am so stupid, I let my trust in you blind me. I am such a fool."

"Don't say that."

"It is true. I am a fool!" The sharpness and anger in her voice stunned even her, so much that she had to pause. "You lied to my face that he was dead and you made me feel like I was losing my mind."

"I did it for you, I did it all for you, to protect you because I know that your mind is fragile and cannot handle the technicalities of our new plan."

"So Riza was right."

"She was. They died for our new way, their death will not go to waste. If only she had kept her lips sealed till the end, she would have been of more use. We would have made a Volaky out of her."

Delice frowned. "So you will take us back to the Dark Times with the creation of the Volakys?"

"Of course not! This is different. They will be under my mother's command, they will never harm us." 

Doubt glimmered in Delice's eyes, and Laura felt the need to get rid of that. 

"This is the only thing that can kill the King. I don't want it either, but it is a necessary risk, or we will have a bigger problem on our hands. If the King should lose to the darkness, which will definitely happen, he will be a soul-seizing monster. Mindless, death upon his own self. You have sacrificed so much to be perfect for him because you love him. You will not ruin this, just now when everything is about to be the way they should."

Then she wiped away Delice's tears, whose focus was on Oliver, who was now straining against the chains more than he had been before. His eyes were rolled back, he twisted and turned, his moans filling the background.

"You held his corpse." 

"I have a way of making dead things look alive and living things, dead."

"Why?" Finally, Delice looked back at her. "Why did you---?"

"I did it for you, to protect you. Everything I do, Delice, is for you."

She pulled her into embrace and the tears rolled down Delice's cheeks. 

"You do everything for me."

Laura said more convincing words to her, and Delice echoed them, her gaze fixed on Oliver - the one who should be dead, as he tumbled into, yet again, another orgasm.

___
___

It was daybreak and Delice was at Nicholas' door, her gentle and desperate knock demanding a response. 

The door creaked open, and a Nicholas with bloodshot eyes, wet eyelashes, and the salty smell of tears responded to her.

He seemed worried that she was at his door though.

What could be the problem?

"Are you alright? What do you need me for?" His voice sounded very tired, just as tired and worn down by problems as Delice was. 

The words Laura had said kept playing in her head.

'I have a way of making dead things look alive and living things, dead.'

Then her mind went back to the grave of her Medallion, the empty grave. Laura had told her that her son was dead, Laura had been the one to declare the death of her child just as she had done for Oliver. 

It made no sense that she was here because Laura had told her that her child was a son, but it was obvious that Laura would tell her lies to protect her. 

What if the child had been a daughter? What if she had lived? What if she was Mira?

That would still not make sense because Mira was about seven and if her child had lived, he... or she would be ten years and some months old. 

But here she was, trying to figure things out at Doctor Nicholas's door because she had now discovered that the love Laura claimed to have for, her was measured by a different standard. 

Somewhere in her heart, a very deep part of her heart, she hoped that her suspicion would not be true. 

It would break her if Laura had lied to her about her child's death, it would destroy her more than she could bear. 

Wait.

What was she doing here?

Laura would never lie about something like that. There was no way she could have watched her grieve for ten years over a death that never happened, there was no way she would have watched her suffer that much. 

Laura knew how much her Medallion meant to her. There was no way she would have been that wicked. 

Laura--- she--- Laura loved her. To watch someone suffer like that would not be love, it would be evil. 

Laura wasn't evil. Just because she kept Oliver a secret and the Volakys, doesn't mean---

"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have come--" she started turning to leave but Nicholas's voice stopped her. 

"You are right where you have to be. Tell me why you have come."

Laura wasn't evil. Her mind repeated to her over and over again, as she shook her head, replaying in her mind everything she had discovered between the last few hours. 

Laura loved her. That, she was sure of. Yet, words slipped from her lips and her eyes welled up with tears. 

"Doctor. I am so sorry for disturbing your peace this early but," her eyes were so blank, and a shadow of a polite smile graced her lips, her voice sounding broken beyond repairs. "I need your help."


###chapter 170 - Back Here Again, Argh!
They would be back to being enemies in the morning. 

That was what Valerick and Zezi had agreed upon but up till this moment, they shared the same bed.

They avoided anything that would lead to them having that conversation like a plague, and pretended that all was well between them. 

If they pretended well enough, maybe they would be the happy mates they were trying to be. The King and Queen of Lavida with a flawless union. 

If they just kept cuddling and kissing like this, maybe everything would be alright with the world... their world. 

But the illusion they had created for themselves could only last so long. 

There had been an almost quiet knock on the door and Valerick had to answer it. He came back in after a while and went straight to his laptop. He flipped it open and typed in some things, a deep frown etched into his face. He mumbled some words to himself, then looked up from the laptop, his face meeting hers and his frown dissolving into a smile. 

He wanted to say something but he thought better against it. Zezi didn't ask him any questions either. 

Didn't ask him about who was at the door, nor about what was so important that he had to leave her in bed to attend to. 

Because she knew what it was. 

They both knew that it was another brewing storm coming their way. 

So, they kept quiet about it, protecting their little bubble of happiness for just a little longer. 

How long would this delay last? 

He drew closer to the bed, and pressed a kiss to her forehead. "I will be back." 

His morning voice sent tingles beneath her skin and she smiled, giving him a nod.

The moment he stepped out though, she sprung out of bed and went straight to his laptop. 

She had never been able to figure out the password, she often forgot that he even had one. It was still open, thank the Moon, she didn't need the password then. 

She had only spent about five minutes on the laptop when Valerick had stepped back in. She didn't try to hide that she had been messing with it. What she had seen had completely stolen her strength away. 

"What are you doing?"

"You stepped out and I tried to search about the Capital, just see how my home is." The words slipped past her heavy lips. "The images that I see are more than I bargained for." She had not been able to search for anything, instead, the minute she clicked on the sensor, images of the Process's result had flooded the screen. It was ghastly. "My Alpha is dead---"

"Your Alpha? The only one you have above you is me, and you know you can be on top if you want." He meant every word with warranted seriousness. 

Wrong time.

"How much longer do I have to scream that you are killing my people before you listen to me?" She stood up straight, turning her back to the laptop and her attention totally on him. 

"Are we back to being enemies already?"

She scoffed, her heart filled with bitterness, as she folded her hands across her, already regretting the decision she had taken last night to sleep in his shirt. "You did say we could go back to being enemies in the morning. It's been more than a day since then, so maybe we are."

"Do not do this."

"How can I not, you force my hand, Valerick. Every time."

"I do what I do for my people."

"It is good that we both have our priorities straight." She looked back at the pictures on the laptop again. "Did you do this to George too?"

He sighed then shrugged. "He is strong, I want a strong army."

"I am strong too. Put me under the Process and make me part of your army."

He didn't dignify that with a response. Instead, he covered the distance between them and closed the laptop. 

"Expected," she rolled her eyes. 

By the Moon, she hated this shirt.

Hated how useless she was. A whole Queen and she couldn't even do anything to help her people.

So fucking useless!

Angry and frustrated, she took off the shirt, grabbing the night robe and had wanted to wear last night. Then she grabbed some things and headed to the door. 

"Where are you going?"

"Back to my room!" Her lower lip trembled, as she bit back her tears. 

"It is absolutely foolish to think I will ever let you go but do try to entertain yourself."

"Ahhhh! What am I supposed to do then?!" She tossed the things she had with her on the floor, going straight to her and hitting her hands against his chest. He let her."Tell me, what?! Am I supposed to just let you keep fucking me while my people die at your hands every day?! Is that what you want from me?!"

He stepped back, going to the mess she had made and fixing it. 

"Forget that and answer me."

But that was what he was scared of. 

What could he possibly say to fix everything? 


###chapter 171 - Fuck Those Bloodsuckers 
"Two hours. Have you told them yet?"

"This is war." She shrugged. "Also, Valerick can you pull George out of The Process?" 

A frown quickly spread through his face.

"Only for a little while, he has been through a lot with Mira's discovery."

Zezi had been shocked with Mira's discovery to be George's child but that had been it, also that she was a vampire. 

That had been it. 

She didn't hate her for being what she was, neither did she hate George for anything. 

She was just surprised. 

Mira would always be her little pup no matter what. 

Her sweet baby. 

She would do anything to protect her. 

When she saw that Valerick's frown remained, her hand slipped to his neck, gliding over her mark that was imprinted on it. His body trembled slightly at the contact, as he fought the consequences of it that spread through his veins. 

He should take her right now, but there were so many things to be done. 

Although they were slowly losing a place on his priority list. 

"Please."

By the Blood, not the begging. 

"A day." He gritted. "Only for a day, and the little vampire stays. I have been generous."

"Thank you."

That went straight to his head. 

"What more do you want? Ask me."

"Their safe return."

"That will be done."

She pulled her hand away and he fought a war, to act unaffected. 

"You are ripping a father and his newfound daughter apart."

"You would have done it so you can have your army." 

"Yes, but you are the one doing it now. What is going on?"

"I am trying to do what I can do for my people. I have to try."

He took her hand in his and trailed the lines on her palms. She felt so warm, so right.

"I am sorry for putting you into this difficult situation, my understanding of it might not be full, but the pain in our bond explains it to me. I love you, Zezi." Then he held her gaze. "My Heartbeat." He paused, and pressed his forehead against hers. "My soul. Forgive me, that I cannot shield you from this pain. I tried, I really did. I am sorry." 

Her lips trembled with unshed tears. She could feel the sincerity of his words, which just made everything worse.

Why did it have to be like this?

At that moment, there was a knock on the door. 

"Go away," Valerick ordered. 

"Your Majesty?"

"Your King is begging for forgiveness at the moment, go away."

"But your Majesty, you ordered for the news to reach you first no matter what. It is about the child. We might have found out who her mother is."


____
____


Delice was Mira's mother?

That made no sense!

There was no way George would have had sex with a vampire except she was his soulmate, which was impossible because George's soulmate happened to be her stepsister, who was dead. 

How did this even happen? 

It must be a joke.

This couldn't be real. 

But it was. 

Delice was crying in one corner of Nicholas' office and when her gaze met Zezi's, the sorrow and conflict in her eyes said it all. 

She was broken from within. Shattered into pieces.

"My Medallion--" her lips trembled, as she rose to her feet unsteadily. "She is my child and they won't let me see her."

Zezi moved over to her quickly, using her wolf's speed because it didn't seem like Delice was going to last on her feet. 

"My Medallion is alive." She was trembling beneath Zezi's hold. 

It was strange. 

Zezi had never seen her so disoriented but she understood. 

Laura.

That bitch!

That fucking blood-sucking bitch!

"It's okay." She murmured to her, running her hand over Delice's hair gently as she kept on crying and whispering the words, "They won't let me see her."

Zezi turned straight to Nicholas, who seemed to be having a serious conversation with Valerick.

Well, she didn't care about that.

"Why won't you let her see Mira?"

"She is unfit to be put into that situation yet," Nicholas replied with a bit of harshness to his tone like he was warning her not to interrupt him again. 

"Let her see her child, doctor." Zezi fired back, and Nicholas' head gave into an involuntary bow at her tone. 

Zezi could feel the heat of Valerick's gaze on her at that moment, but she didn't turn back to look at him. 

He must be surprised that she could now make use of his tone of command, or maybe that wasn't what surpri----

'Do that again when we are alone.' Valerick's voice in her mind promised everything sinful, along with the tempting feelings that poured in her veins, that certainly weren't hers.

This really wasn't the time.

"He will let her see the child, Zezi, but she must be fit first." His voice was gentle, like he hadn't just been wreaking havoc in her head just now, and Nicholas stopped in his turn to the door. 

Zezi nodded, as she helped Delice into a chair.

This was all so strange. 

Calling Mira someone's child felt so strange, it was a huge pill to swallow but at that moment, all she could think about was how Delice had always been with Mira since the very beginning.

From the time in the Alpha's office when she had been carrying her, to the moment she had laid down her life to save her. 

Her motherly instincts were definitely working overtime. 

Something weighed heavy in Zezi's chest as she wondered if she had just lost her daughter to someone else who was her real mother. 

Not the time. 

She reminded herself.

How would George take this new information?

What about Mira?

How would they tell her all this?

Later. She would worry about all that later. 

'Breathe.' Valerick's voice was in her head again but this time, with a relaxing effect. She took in a deep breath and let the tension in her shoulders dissipate. 

"What shall I fetch you to ease your nerves, Delice?"

"My child. My Medallion." Her eyes were close to being blank, the longing in them overshadowing anything else. "Please."

"You will see her soon but---"

The doors to the office pushed open immediately, anger clouded the room.

"I did not lay with a Bloodsucker!" George stormed in, anger almost bursting through the buttons of his fitted brown shirt. 

Zezi had expected Aunt Alice behind him but he was alone. She must be with Mira, protecting her from all this madness as George would term it. That was a good thing, she needed to be kept away from this for a while. 

"I did not fucking sleep with that thing! You are all lying! My love," his eyes were on her now, and Zezi stood her ground under his gaze. "I am so tired of all this, Zezi." His voice was gentle now until it wasn't. "This fucking place drives me mad! Don't you see what they are trying to do?! To us?! They are forcing their way into our lives, trying to ruin us with lies. Fuck these Bloodsuckers! I hate them so much, I would never fuck one!"

"George---" she started to say, but a painful growl from him stopped her, as he held his head in his hands, gritting his teeth. 

He went down. 

"George!" 

She had gotten to him before he got to the floor, but that had done nothing but mitigate his slow descent to the floor. 

"We are losing him."

"I have missed you, come with me. They--- ahhh --- it hurts!"

He was bleeding and his eyelids were fluttering close. She was screaming for him to wake up, just as Nicholas was trying to stabilize Delice to do the same. 

Some nurses snatched him away from her, and she watched with teary eyes, her breathing ragged with desperate pleading for him to wake up, because even if they were no longer what they used to be, this was still George. 


172 - Answers In Bathtub 
"You were crying all over him."

Valerick had been silent since they had left Nicholas' office, he had been quiet in the hallway on their way up here, quiet when he had locked the door to their room, quiet when she had stepped into the bathroom to wash her face, and he followed her. 

He had been so quiet, it was terrifying. 

She knew he wouldn't hurt her though but that didn't stop the uneasiness his silence made settle in her veins. 

Only after he had shut the bathroom door did he speak, and Zezi finally understood why their bond felt strained in her mind. 

"Crying all over him like he meant something to you."

She swiped her hand neatly across her cheek, wiping her tears away. 

"George is family."

"I will never understand that you love him. Still. I try, I really do but I can't understand." His voice was cold and bitter, smiting the tiled walls of the bathroom, clashing with the sound of water trickling in the tub.

There were rose petals on the surface of the water. 

Zezi could only suspect Gwen for this.

"I don't love him." Her gaze finally snapped up at him, her voice stern. "I care. I am worried. No matter what, he is family. The father of my child." Those words slipped, just like how Valerick's glance had swept over her stomach buried under his shirt that she had finally rushed into before leaving the room earlier. 

"You don't love him. You love me."

She sighed. They had just Nicholas' office and none of the "new-found parents" had regained consciousness yet. She was worried for both of them. 

What did this new information mean for all of them, including her Mira?

She had that to worry about too.

She wished she could talk to Gwen, but she had been really busy and Gwen had been spending more time with her daughter instead. 

She appreciated that though.

"Valerick, this is not the time."

He was leaning by the wall, and she was here by the tap, a couple of steps away from him, but it felt like the walls were closing in and bringing them together, along with this suffocating tension in the air. 

They had so many things going on, this just couldn't be the right moment for this. 

"To say you love me?"

She had never told him she did. She knew. It was a battle she struggled with every day. 

She turned away from him quickly, there was something about his darkening eyes that was about to force the truth out of her. Her hands slipped to the tap and she turned it on, finally washing her face. 

"I love my people." She said when she was done. Her heart was racing so fast, she knew he could hear it.

It was pointless to hide it. 

"Get into the bath, Zezi." It was a gruff command. Her hands tightened around the edge of the bathtub. 

"Let us not do this today."

She had barely completed that statement when she felt the heat of his presence behind her, towering over her. Her skin sizzled with electricity beneath and she fought to stand on her feet instead of leaning back into the peace that was him, and called to her. 

His rain scent seeped into her lungs and she feared what more would happen if she were to turn and breathe him in even more. 

She would lose it. 

She knew. 

"Take off your dress and get into the bath or I will rip it off you."

Alright that would definitely make her lose it, lose everything!

Not now. 

Not this. 

She had to stay focused and start thinking of her situation with Mira, her plan for her family to leave this place, the effect of this new information about Delice being Mira's mother, and how best she could incorporate it into her plan so that---

A rough shudder crossed through her and her legs buckled, making her fall back into his chest suddenly. His hand on his mark that decorated her neck rendered her no mercy with the liquified lava of pleasure that ran down her veins. 

Great, he was doing the same thing she did to him.

So unfair. 

His hand slipped around her waist, his whisper filled with the fight of restraint, as his hand went around her neck, forcing a gasp past her lips. 

"I want to be gentle." His words had an edge of anger to them. 

She yanked herself away from him, took off her dress, and slipped into the bath as quickly as she could. 

A groan rumbled in his chest and he muttered rough words under his breath, before getting rid of his clothes and joining her in the bath. 

Zezi didn't watch, but she didn't have to. His presence couldn't be ignored and like a metal drawn to its magnet, she looked, getting lost in his eyes and the madness that rested in that abyss, then to his body. 

She gulped.  

His hands found her, turning her so she had her back to him. 

"I want his scent off you." His voice ghosted over her shoulder and she shivered, the bond merciless with the hyper-sensitivity it delivered. "You should only smell of me."

A moan vibrated in her throat, as she fell back to his chest, her hand slipping through his hair, water trickling as she moved.

"I'm not sleeping with you, I need to think."

"No sex."

"What?" Her eyelids snapped open and she turned sharply to him. "You won't sleep with me?"

He chuckled into her shoulder, while his hands worked on making her clear of that wolf's smell. 

"You just said you won't sleep with me and I am not offended."

"I don't mean it like that, I certainly want you." 

"I love you." He slipped in, like it was nothing. His hand that held the sponge moved over her other shoulder, and further down until she arched into his touch. 

"Valerick," her voice was quick shaky, wrong time for this. Why was everything today happening at the wrong time? "I think I should see my daughter. I-- what does this mean for us? Is she still my daughter? Is---

"She will always be your daughter."

She frowned, turning to him instinctively, observing him like she had never seen him before. 

He paused, looking back at her for that moment. If she had expected that from anyone, she would never have expected it from him.

Her fingers trailed his face, and she observed through scrutinizing eyes. 

"Say that again."

"You will always be her mother." 

That was even better. 

She kissed him, because even though she hadn't known it, that was what she needed to hear, someone to tell her that the relationship between her and Mira remained unchanged. 

She didn't even know she needed to hear it, but he had said it and said it perfectly. 


173 - Don't Be Gentle 
His teeth caught her lower lip, drawing blood and her claws dug into his chest to reciprocate. Then his tongue tasted hers, and forced it into submission.

She tried to turn, to position herself better so that more could happen, but he stopped her; Shortened their kiss, and put her into the position she was in before.

Then he continued washing her while she protested that she now wanted to sleep with him.

His fingers skimmed over her nipples as he hummed, she shuddered, her hand going behind his neck to draw small circles around it. 

He continued his washing; Washed her hair, every part of her body. 

She was clean now, this bath should be over but it wasn't. The constant touching had caused more things than would just be ended in a minute. 

Her breathing was ragged, and she turned to look at him, her gaze holding his heavy ones. "Fuck me." 

His fingers drew circles around her stomach and she stilled, her gaze still holding his stormy ones. 

Then his fingers went lower, through her wet folds and delivering a feathery stroke over her clit that sent a strangled moan through her. She pushed against his hard chest with a plead for him not to stop and to be faster instead, rougher too, but he remained gentle. 

"Valerick, please."

Those black webby lines were taking over his neck, and she could feel his length growing harder against her back. The bond between them vibrated with growing desire, so much that it felt absolutely consuming. 

She wanted to be ravished, not this. 

Sparks sizzled everywhere they touched and another pleading was on the tip of her tongue, but his fingers slid into her in a quick successive thrusts that displaced her thinking. 

Her eyes rolled back with the quick movement, when his free hand cupped a breast she moaned. Then it slipped down to her belly to hold her in place. 

His fingers hit a spot but before she could trash around, his movement grew languishing and his thumb stroke her clit lazily. Frustration tightened in her chest. 

"What--? Faster, for the Moon's sake, Valerick!"

"It is going to be rough." He gritted.

It had always been rough with them, he had never said anything about that before, what was different now?

"I like it. I want it. Give it to me." The dark look in his eyes said he wanted it too. 

What was going on?

What was stopping him?

He broke their gaze, burying his nose in her neck instead, his fingers in her still continuing their languishing movement; That did nothing but add even more to her sexual frustration. 

He was so hard, she could feel it. 

"I don't want to hurt you."

"Wh--at?" A moan displaced her words. "If you don't give this to me, I'm going to step out of this bath and fuck myself better."

If looks could kill, the one Valerick was giving right now would have sent her 6 feet under. 

He didn't say anything but the rubbing of his thumb on her clit became ferocious, his fingers in her jamming rough, quick, and deep thrusts that made her lose her breath. Her eyes rolled back and her head fell back against his chest, her body arched with pleasure, her claws digging into his chest as she tried to speak but her body was failing her in that regard. 

His tongue glided over his mark on her and that was when the trashing began; her undoing.

The sound of the disturbed water filled the air. 

"Say something now, Zezi." He pressed the words against the pores of her neck in a dare, as her body arched away and fell back to his chest once again.

Pleasure dotted her sight, she could barely see. She writhed over him, while his hand caged her neck in a chokehold, the other still rendering its pleasurable assault. 

"Oh, my beautiful, beautiful Zezi."

Her lips parted for her to say something but the moan in her throat was too big for any other thing to pass. 

She couldn't think. 

What even was that?!

"Look at me." That command went straight to her core, his voice felt absolutely luring to her. 

That was when she realized that she had kept her eyes shut for a while now. 

She tried to force them open but she just couldn't. 

Then his rhythm slowed down and she whined, "n--o."

"Look at me."

She did, and a feral groan resonated in his chest when he saw the look in her eyes. 

His fingers continued their thrusts, his lips capturing hers so that her moans bubbled down his throat while his did the same. 

Then an orgasm ripped through her, threw her to ecstasy that she pulled away and screamed his name. 

There was barely anything she could hear in this state, but she heard one thing. 

"I love you."

___
___

Valerick carried her to the bed, and she trailed her fingers along his abs lazily. When he laid next to her, her hands slipped further down but he held her hand and turned her to the other side so that she had her back against him. 

Her body tensed with anticipation when she felt his presence ghosted over her neck. 

When nothing happened, she protested. Although, she was already tired from their moment in the bathroom, her body would always want more of Valerick. She wasn't even complaining, she liked it. 

He felt perfect.

"You can feed from me." It was a different kind of pleasure whenever he did. That was something she wanted to feel too. 

"I know."

She made an attempt to touch his dick yet again but he stopped her. 

This made no sense!

She didn't hesitate to tell him about how strangely he was acting but he didn't budge. Instead, he told her that she needed rest, and with her wrists caged in his hand so they stayed locked with the surface of the bed and did not send their tempting attacks towards him, he forced her to rest. 

"It makes no sense that you deny me, you know. We are joined." She was angry and she wasn't hiding it. 

He smiled, his gaze fixed on her. 

"Stay in love with me, Zezi. Stay in love with me forever."

"I never said I loved you." Her voice was low and loaded with sleep. 

Her body was weak and tired, yet she was angry that he denied her. 

"You don't have to. I know. I feel it."

Moments passed and he spoke again.

"What do you think about the idea of a family? You being pregnant with my child. Will it please you? My soul? Zezi?"

There was no response, she was asleep but a frown was still etched into her face. 

He smiled, and held her closer while his hand caressed her belly. 

___

My tests are upcoming. Updates schedule - one day on, one day off. I still owe two bonus ###chapters, I'm really sorry about this. I'll try to squeeze out time for them as soon as possible. Thank you so much for your understanding.




174 - Some Buried Memories 
To George and Delice, unconsciousness offered them memories of the night they had both forgotten. 

For George, that had been one of the nights he had been on the run with Zezi. This was before they had even ever dreamt of finding a home in the Capital. 

He had gone to a tavern while Zezi had been in a hut that they built together. He had no plans of staying there for too long, but he had been curious to find out what was happening in there. 

They had asked him a lot of questions before he could finally gain entry, they gave him a mask he hated, concealed his scent, and told him that he was responsible for himself.

"You die or live tonight, child." The man at the door had told him before pushing him in.

The moment he staggered in, the sweet smell in the air lured out his wolf and that was where he had lost control. 

Back then, the mastery of control he had over his wolf now was non-existent. 

For Delice, it was a sneak-away night. She had found a way to escape from the castle, and she wanted to enjoy the little that she could before she was found yet again. 

Then she had stumbled to this tavern, found a table, and took as much alcohol as she could. 

She danced, even though she wasn't much of a dancer. 

A couple of men had appreciated her dancing and they wanted to join, but none of them seemed to match her rhythm like the strange man with the brown mask. 

His red eyes were striking and something about him was in tune with her. 

They danced, but not once did they exchange names.

The seductive singing that filled the tavern enticed them to do more, and they did. They stumbled into a room that she paid for because the man had no gold on him. 

They were intimate afterward, somewhere along their intimate tussle, their masks were gone, and so was the mask covering her urge for blood. 

Her fangs sank into his neck and she fed. 

He was the most alive thing she had tasted in so long. 

When she was done, his eyes had changed. He felt like a completely different being. 

He cursed over and over again. 

"Bloodsucker!" He had said with disgust. Then he hit his thumb over her head while he did the same to himself. 

He had wiped both their memories clean of their meeting. 

They had both passed out after that. 

George woke up first, he had managed to get out of the room before passing out so when he woke up, he only found himself half-dressed on the tavern floor. 

He remembered nothing, his wolf was struggling to but the strain was too much, it exhausted the beast. Perhaps that was the beginning of the control he had over that part of him and that was also the beginning of their never-ending war. 

Because to his wolf, he had already chosen another and Zezi was a mere crowd that had no place with them. 

George left hurriedly that night and he didn't look back. 

When Delice woke up, she remembered nothing too, but she saw a brown mask on the bed, believed it was hers, and took it away. 

It wasn't after that day - when she discovered that she was pregnant, did she started to think that the mask certainly belonged to the man who had impregnated her. 

She never remembered him, nor how they had met, she only remembered the mask. 

That night, George felt that he was being followed, so he made him and Zezi begin their run again. On their way, they met the witch who told her that she was a lone wolf with no mate. 

Zezi's grieving for her situation had distracted him and he never worried about why he found himself on the tavern floor again, believing that the alcohol was probably responsible for that.

___
___

Delice and George woke up that afternoon, with memories of how they met. 

George wouldn't look at her, he was angry with himself, but his wolf was pacing back and forth in his mind, eager to meet the "mate" he had chosen.

A Bloodsucker? Disgusting!

Now, he knew how his wolf felt when he had chosen Zezi, but Zezi was different, she was one of them. 

He loved her, his wolf just didn't like her because he had met Delice first. 

He regretted ever meeting that Bloodsucker!

The thought that she had tasted his blood twice made him rageful.

Zezi and the King of the Bastards were in the room. He was glad that Mira and Aunt Alice weren't here to see this. 

"Laura told me that my child was a boy. I want to see Laura." The reason for his woes had spoken.

Laura was brought into the room after a while, worry written all over her face. 

"You buried my child. You said she was a boy. Explain yourself." Delice had asked and another detail of the event was revealed, not without Laura first trying to deny the accusations, of course. 

"I did it to make you perfect." She had begun. "Another man's child is an obstacle to being Queen. I wanted the best for you."

The night Delice had given birth, Laura had taken the child away to bury, but she had found a witch that needed a baby to prepare a certain spell. In exchange, she had received a spellbook.

"It was nothing but I thought it was better than killing the baby."

It seemed the witch had done something to the child and had gotten tired of it, so she left it outside the border of a pack for it to be found. 

"That might be why the child's growth is slow and she isn't looking her age." Laura ended with not a hint of remorse. 

"You told me she was a son."

"So you would never try to look for her. So you would never find her. I did it all for you."

"Oh I'm going to kill you, you fucking crazy bitch!" That was Zezi and her next action put her words into motion.

Just like that, chaos erupted in the hospital ward. 

__
((This is a bonus ###chapter for the golden tickets. Thank you.))


175 - Another's Presence 
Zezi had swiped her claws across Laura's face but before Laura would deliver any serious attack on Zezi, Valerick swopped her off her feet and threw her over his shoulder. 

"That is enough." He ordered, the bust of borderline uncontrollable emotions that ran through Zezi's veins spreading into the link they shared. 

If he didn't have so much focus and control, he would have given in.

With an unfathomable speed, he had taken them to their room and shut the door. She struggled out of his grip, her feet landing safely on the floor as she huffed and puffed. 

"Your sister is worse than the devil!" She gritted between her teeth, trying to force her way out of the room but Valerick would not let her pass. 

Her hormones were everywhere, she was angry and she needed someone to be at the receiving end of this rage. 

"Calm down." 

He wasn't denying his sister's evil. Good. 

"Breathe, Zezi. You shouldn't be doing this."

"Let me pass and beat that bitch up!" More angry words rushed out of her mouth after her, her heartbeat picking up with each one. 

His lips sealed against hers to keep her quiet, and he swooped her up in his arms, to direct her away from the door. 

Her legs went around his lower belly, straddling him. As angry as she was, this was a good distraction. Her hand slipped into his hair and a moan hummed in her throat. 

She pulled away from the kiss breathlessly but still hung on to him, her hand directing his face to the crock of her neck, a direction he readily obliged with. 

His tongue slithered over his mark on her and she shuddered, a desperate moan slipped past her lips, and her eyes rolled back. "Yes, fuck me, Your Majesty." She cried. 

A groan resonated in his chest and he gritted words of frustration under his breath as he laid her on the bed. Her fingers trailed his chest lazily. 

"I want your dick to fuck the senses out of me. I want you, my powerful, dangerous mate."

By the Blood, she needed to stop doing that or he would lose it. 

She could probably feel it in the bond, and so she went on. 

Fuck!

His darkening gaze bored down at her and she looked up at him through pleasure-fogged ones, as black-inked webs crawled up his neck. 

"Zezi," he pushed his hand over her hair, before forcibly pulling away when her hum told him of how much she loved the contact. "You should rest." His voice was hoarse with frustration and he pulled away. 

Anger blazed through Zezi's veins, and she yanked him down with her fist holding his shirt hostage. 

"What is the meaning of this?" 

"I think you should rest that is all."

"You deny me." 

"I do not---"

"You won't have sex with me." She stated, point blank. "That is rejection. You are rejecting me!"

"No! I just don't think we should be intimate right now. It takes a lot from you, what if you pass out--"

"I don't pass out any longer."

"Well, we can not risk that."

She frowned, sitting up. "What are you saying? You have been doing this since last night."

"I just don't want to put you under unnecessary stress."

Her eyes flickered to his pants and the protruding presence of his arousal that made itself known.

Thank the Moon, that wasn't the problem. 

A stupid thought had almost consumed her mind that he no longer found her attractive. 

Her hand went straight to touch him, and a frustrated groan rumbled from him as he pulled her hand away. 

"Valerick, stop this. I want to taste you," she begged. 

His eyebrows scrunched like he was helpless and pleading.

"You really should rest."

"Why do I need to rest anyways?! What is going on?" She leaned forward to kiss him but he stood up from the bed, his gaze settling on everything in the room but her. 

She blinked, trying to make sense of this odd behavior before a realization hit her like cold water, and her horniness flew right out of the window. 

"Am I pregnant?" 

He looked at her then. 

"Valerick, am I pregnant?" 

His gaze darted to her stomach, then to her face. 

"It seems to be the situation."

Anger redefined her features and she stood up from the bed abruptly heading for him, he staggered back - all towering height and power of him. 

"How long have you known? Were you planning to keep this a secret from me till-- till when?!"

"I'm not certain but I suspected it when I was washing you yesterday. I felt an additional presence. I didn't plan to keep it a secret from you, I wanted to talk about it but you fell asleep."

"And now?"

"I--- I didn't know how you'd take it. I wanted to be sure too."

Zezi's hands slipped to her stomach and she looked around the room, not really seeing anything. 

"Would you want my child in your womb?"

She turned away from him, her eyes clouding with tears. She had always wanted a child, and many times she had seen that blood from her monthly menstrual cycle and she had cried. 

She had believed that she was barren and it was something that would never happen to her. Even when she had thought of being careful with Valerick so she wouldn't get pregnant in the middle of a war, in one corner of her mind, she had believed there was nothing to worry about because she just could never have a child. 

Her womb wasn't fertile.

There was nothing that could be done. 

For many years, she had believed that and already believed that Mira would be the child she would ever have.

She had been content with it too, her belief unshaken until now. 

Now that there was just the slightest chance that she might be pregnant, that she might be carrying a life within. 

Already, everything felt different.

"Zezi?"

She didn't know how to feel about it. 

Valerick held her shoulders and her body relaxed into him with instinctive ease. 

"You don't want it?" He sounded pained and broken, but with the facade of bravery that was cracking way too quickly.

"That is not--- I---," she took in a deep breath. "I want to be sure. Let Nicholas run a test. I must be certain."


176 - Necessary Farewells
Valerick's happiness was hard to conceal, he didn't even try. His smile was blatant. The joy behind his eyes was blinding and the bond they shared was filled to the brim with the buzzing feeling. 

Zezi was happy too but she remained conflicted. Everything was happening way too fast, and too many things were happening at the same time. 

Nicholas' words about the confirmation of her pregnancy were still ringing in her ears, her hands caressed her belly, still shocked that she carried a life within her.

Who would have ever thought that was possible?

"You should rest, I will send Gwen to attend to you for anything that you may need. If you need me, just call me my name through our link and I will be there before you can blink." Valerick said as he led her to the bed. 

She didn't protest, there was no need for that.

She had to preserve her strength for something else, the safety of her family was still paramount, her people were still in danger. 

"I want to see Mira before they leave."

"Alright." 

"Then you will show me your mother's paintings tonight. You promised to show me, I want to see them." 

Valerick nodded, then he pressed a kiss to her forehead. "Are you happy?"

It took her a moment to respond. "Yes. Are you happy?"

His hand slipped down to caress her belly. "More than I have ever been."

A moment of silent understanding passed between them.

"I love you, Zezi. I love you and our baby."

"Our baby," she whispered, then she smiled as if she was just understanding the implication of that. Her hands cupped his face. "Valerick, we are having a baby. A family." 

"Our family."

___
___

The news of the Queen's pregnancy spread like wildfire through the castle, George didn't take the news well, and neither did Aunt Alice. 

They had no dramatic outburst about it though, it just felt like a sick defeat they couldn't fight against, especially for George. 

It was a bitter injury to his dreams of being with Zezi, that his wolf made fun of him for. 

"Delice is perfect. She is the mother of our child, she is the one. She is our mate. Fate has spoken." He repeated in his head over and over again as he tried to seize control from George and go to her.

However, George was adamant about staying in control, fearing that the next time he would lose it, he would return officially mated to the Bloodsucker. Worse, they might even have "abominations" running around the house as their children. 

The imagination felt so sickening, it gave him the strength to go on. 

He hated Zezi, hated her for doing this to him. It was a good thing that the King was sending them back today, he would escape with his family without her. 

He hated her so much, he would never lay his eyes on her ever again. She was one of them now, a fucking Bloodsucker! Their Queen!

He should have known better that this would happen. 

That was why he had not gone with them when the Bloodsucker of a maid had come to take Mira because Zezi wanted to see her one last time before they would leave. Aunt Alice had gone with them, even the Bloodsucker who was trying to force her way into his life had gone with them too.

But he remained here, in this room, prepared and ready to leave this Moon-forsaken Kingdom of Lavida.

This place disgusted him. He had lost everything he had to this place. He would destroy them all.

Fucking Bloodsuckers!

He watched the mirror as blood drizzled from his nose and he wiped it away. 

They did this to him. Did this to all of them. 

Zezi was selfish, she allowed a little comfort to brainwash her and bed the enemy. 

She was never a real General, she was a disgrace.

Fucking pathetic!

He watched the clock, as the time ticked away, telling himself over and over again that he never wanted to see her again. 

Till he just couldn't take it anymore and found himself at her doorstep. 

He needed her to know how much of a disgrace she was!

Their parents' unsettled spirits must be in turmoil by now. 

He could hear their voices in the room as they laughed. The Bloodsucker maid said something funny, Mira laughed, Zezi sounded a little embarrassed, and that manipulative vampire in the room with them, laughed too. 

They were all laughing and Zezi sounded... happy. 

Really happy. 

He had never heard her like that before. 

Something about that shifted his perspective, his mind replayed all those times Zezi had tried to get pregnant but had failed, the disappointment and growing sadness in her eyes and the way her smile had dwindled away. 

He remembered it all, and somehow his mind started placing what he had seen of her relationship with the Bloodsucker in contrast with her relationship with him. 

The violence his wolf always wreaked on her haunted him and his fist froze around the doorknob. 

He loved her too much to want to drag her back into that uncertainty, into that abuse. Maybe it was something he hadn't realized before but now he did. 

He would give up. It was time to. 

His hand slipped from the door but before he could disappear into the hallway, the door was thrown open.

"Daddy!" Mira ran to him and he pulled her into an embrace. She was more active than she ever was. She looked less pale and acted less like a patient.

It was good to see his daughter more alive than he had ever seen her. 

From the corner of his eyes, he could see Aunt Alice' red eyes. She had cried. She avoided his gaze. She had probably given up too. 

With Mira still in his hand, he patted her back, his gaze now on Zezi who was standing in the middle of the room.

"Congratulations on the baby, you have always wanted one." He smiled.

She hesitated with her response but then, with silent understanding, she smiled. 

"Thank you." 

"Goodbye, Zezi."

"Goodbye, George."


177 - Grand Plan Crashing 
The news of the wolf's family leaving the castle had spread like wildfire too, but what Laura had been most concerned about was the news about Delice leaving the Castle.

Impossible. 

There was no way she would make such an important decision and not inform her. Oliver's rambling about how he was tired of staying in hiding while the extract he was suffering for was still yet to be found annoyed Laura to no ends; yet, even that didn't disturb her as much as the rumours of Delice leaving the castle. 

"She would have told me first." She repeated to herself over and over again while she breezed out of the room and went straight to Delice's room.

She threw the door open without knocking, only for her gaze to settle on the packed bags and boxes on the bed. 

Her features sharpened with anger and she flung the door shut behind her. 

"What is this?" She asked, staring at the boxes with disdain. "You are leaving? To where? For what?"

"To be with my family." Delice replied calmly and what Laura noticed at that moment was the fact that she was wearing a yellow dress. 

A yellow dress?

Not a brown one, but a bright yellow dress. 

Delice always wore dull colors, that was after she had lost her "Medallion" though but that didn't matter. Laura needed her to go back to the way she used to be. 

She needed her to be the Delice she used to know. 

"Don't be ridiculous. The wolf hates you." 

"No." Delice bypassed her, grabbing something from the table to continue with her packing. 

They were supposed to have left the castle an hour ago, but their time got extended. 

By tonight, she would have left Lavida for good this time. 

She would never come back again. As long as Laura was here she would never set foot in this castle again. 

She would leave her guilt behind and get a new life, one that was worth living. 

Delice couldn't wait. Of course, there were some people she would miss, like Gwen and her family, but leaving here with Mira held more promise. 

She still couldn't believe that she had found her baby. 

Her Medallion. She craved to hold her in her arms once again. 

Mira was still adjusting to the fact that she now had two Mummys but Delice was in no hurry, she could wait and she would.

"He does. We all know he hates you."

"My daughter loves me."

"Love?" Laura scoffed, folding her arms. "She barely knows you."

"And whose fault is that?" Her voice was so quiet, Laura could only blink. 

"How about the White Circle?" She lashed back in a second, her voice trembling as she walked up to Delice who was now standing next to the bed, her eyes concealing every emotion she felt. "How about me? What will I do without my mummy?" 

"I am not your mother, Laura. Your mother is down in that cave and my daughter is waiting for me."

Laura's eyes glimmered with tears, and her hands slipped around Delice's own that were tight around the handle of her boxes. 

"I did it for you. You are angry, I understand, but you must understand me too---"

"I do." Her voice was too gentle, it gave Laura nothing to work on. "I understand."

"Delice, you cannot leave. You cannot leave me. We made an oath to the White Circle."

"I am not spilling our secrets." At least, telling Zezi everything that happened during the meeting she hadn't been invited to couldn't be considered as spilling their secrets. She was, after all, one of them. "I am merely leaving and if you love me as much as you claim, you will let me. I deserve it. I deserve for you to let me leave."

Laura frowned, stunned by those words. She pulled away, wiping her tears off her cheeks.

They were useless.

They weren't working. 

It made her angry. 

"Your life will be weak without me."

"Let it."

What?! Had she gone mad?!

"I saved you!" She snapped, yelling at Delice's face, but she didn't flinch. "You owe me everything! Where would you be without me? In a grave! Boxed in a coffin! You'd be dead! You Weakling! I have saved you many times than I can count!"

"And you have put me in danger more than you have saved me."

"How dare you?!" Her hand swept across Delice's face, claws digging through flesh, leaving deep marks that drizzled with blood behind. 

They healed in a second but the echo of the slap remained in the room, till it was gone.

Never had this happened before. 

That side of Delice's face burned but she refused to touch it, instead, she grabbed her boxes and her bags and without a word, she left the room. 

An outburst unleashed the moment her presence disappeared from the hallway, as Laura destroyed everything she could lay her hands on a rageful display.

"You will regret this, Delice. You are nothing without me. Nothing!"

___
___

It was time to leave but Lady Delice was nowhere to be found. 

It was like she had simply disappeared from the castle. The guards came back with nothing but mere boxes that evidenced her preparation to leave.

Laura didn't deny that they had a fight before her disappearance but she denied being responsible for the disappearance. Instead, with absolute worry for her friend, she requested for Akeem to be questioned. 

"She is his Sire after all."

She had said and that was when they discovered that Akeem was also missing. 

It wasn't hard to put two and two together and discover who the culprit was. 

"He is obsessed with her. He is obviously responsible for this!" Laura snapped. "I will kill him if he does anything to her."

"Tear this castle to the ground and find her!" That was George, his control slipping and Ka'ik resurfacing. 

He was slipping into madness and it took a couple of guards to hold him down. Aunt Alice found the situation confusing, she tried her best to keep him calm but his rage kept getting the best of him. 

He was acting as if she was his mate. 

Zezi wasn't pleased with this turn of events at all. She was worried for Delice, but also about her plan. Akeem didn't seem like the kind to hurt Delice, he might just be trying to keep her from leaving. So maybe there wasn't much to worry about, except if there was more to this. 

Was there more to worry about? 

With what Delice had told her about the recent White Circle Meeting that she hadn't been invited to, and the obviously broken relationship she now had with the Princess, something about Laura's words didn't feel true. 

There was something more at play here but the plan must go on. 


178 - Like An Ambush 
###chapter 178 - Like An Ambush 

Delice wasn't dead. 

That was certain. 

If she was, Valerick would know. He was her Sire. 

Something about that kept Zezi's heart at ease and she focused on her plan squarely. 

Nothing must go wrong. 

While the search for Delice continued and Valerick was busy with finding out where she had disappeared to, Zezi and Aunt Alice had a private discussion. 

"Why have you called me here?" She asked the minute the door was shut. This hall was somewhere she had never been to before. The statues almost looked alive.

It was terrifying. 

It felt like a pair of eyes were staring right at her, right through her soul. 

It was creepy. 

"Are we still leaving today? Has George marked the Vampire? Is that why he is this way? What is going on?" Aunt Alice had never seemed so worried before. "I am so worried that we will be leaving you here." She cupped her face between her palms, her movement slightly trembling, as tears welled up in her eyes. "Are you certain you will be alright? This castle promises insanity. My daughter-" 

"Mama, listen to me carefully." 

She nodded, noting the seriousness in Zezi's voice. 

"You will leave today, no matter what happens. You must." Then she pulled out a small bottle from within her dress. "I was supposed to give this to George but he is unstable, you will have to do it." 

"What is this?" 

"Volakys Extract. It is the only thing that can kill them." 

Aunt Alice gasped, her hand slipping to cover her mouth and seal the sound away. 

"I thought you were-"

"We don't have time. Alpha Gery is dead and Luna Sky is dead too, so I have heard." 

"You are right." 

"Find someone to give this to, Mama." She slipped it into her mother's hands. "And hide it very well. It is our only hope." 

"I know who can help." She finally said, and tucked the small bottle away within her dress. Then she pulled Zezi in for an embrace for the last time. She had accepted the defeat of never bringing her along with them, or the fact that she would never end up with George. She only ever wanted what was best for her daughter after all. 

"My Baby. I wish you wouldn't have to do this alone." Aunt Alice said in reference to her pregnancy. "I wish I could be there for you." 

"I will not be doing it alone." She pulled away, stopping herself from crying. "We don't have much time. You must leave now. I love you, Mama. Take good care of my Mira for me." 

Mira wasn't supposed to go with them, but after discovering that Delice was her mother and that she wanted to leave with them, Valerick had allowed it.

It was uncertain if he would still allow it now that Delice was missing, but Zezi didn't want to deliberate on that. 

If he was to change his mind, she needed them to be gone by then.

"I will. Till we meet again, my Baby."

___
___


They left the castle but they never made it past the cave that led to the outside of Lavida. 

The Princess awaited them at the mouth of the cave, with guards behind her. 

It felt like an ambush. 

"You can't leave the castle without a check." She had declared, when she threw the carriage door open. 

Her sharp, red eyes filled with mockery.

"The King didn't subject us to that." Aunt Alice declared, her voice a little shaky. 

"Who gave you the audacity to question me, you filthy dog!"

Laura's hand shot forward and she yanked her out of the carriage, tossing her to the ground. Mira screamed, launching at the Princess and she tossed her away like a pesky fly. 

George had been put to sleep and he laid in the carriage, of no use to defend them against this. 

The only person in the carriage besides George was the rider and he certainly wasn't on the side of a fur creature. 

Defenseless. 

Just like an ambush. 

"Please, don't hurt her!" Aunt Alice yelled as she tried to get off the ground and crawl to Mira.

But the Princess wasn't done with Mira, she went to her, and crouched next to her as the child's eyes shot daggers at her. 

"You are nothing like your mother, you stink of the stain you were born from. By the time I am done, you will be gone and everything will be as it should." 

"Get away from her!" Aunt Alice cried, trying her best to shove the Princess away as she shielded Mira with her body. "Leave us alone. We have done nothing to you." 

The Princess stood up, madness blazing in her eyes.

"Search them! Search the carriage! Search everywhere!" She yelled to the guards who got into action immediately. "One of them has the extract." 

Aunt Alice's heart dropped. 

This was an ambush. 

___
___

"Your Majesty! Traitors!" The Princess's voice rang loud and clear the minute she entered the castle. 

The guards had dragged Aunt Alice in, along with Mira and an unconscious George. 

Zezi's eyes widened and rage spilled through her veins. 

"Have you gone mad, Princess? Let my family go." She yelled, walking over to a guard that held Aunt Alice hostage while sending daggers to the one holding Mira. Aunt Alice looked battered. "I will have your head for this." 

Laura smiled. "No, I will have your head." 

"What is going on here?" Valerick's voice thundered as walked to them. "Explain yourself sister before I deem the Execution Ground worthy of you."

"There are traitors, your Majesty. They have the Extract!" 

"The Extract is in the lab."

"Well, they have another!" She held the bottle up in the air.

"How are we supposed to know that you didn't plant it there?" Zezi attacked. "You hate my people!"

Laura's shoulders tensed up. 

"If you were so sincere, you would have carried out the search here but you had to ambush my family because you had a dirty trick up your sleeves."

"Very funny, "Queen". But I saw you in that Room of Statue. Come up with a better lie. I know you met up with Akeem, you are probably responsible for Delice's disappearance! What have you done with her? What have you done with my friend!"

"Your accusation-"

"Is it true?" Valerick's voice silenced them. "Was the Extract from you, Zezi?" 

Her back stiffened and she refused to turn. Of course, the bond between them was nothing but a snitch. 

He could feel it, no matter how hard she was hiding it. 

A fucking snitch!

"Look at me and tell me the truth!" He was using that voice again but she refused to look, to speak. 

Her heart raced and no matter how hard she tried to control it, the bond kept no secrets. 

"Bring the wolves to the Execution Ground. They will stand trial."

"NO! Please, no! Valerick, I did it! I forced her to take the Extract with her. I- it was all me. Blame me. Take me to the Execution Ground, but bring Laura around. I stole the extract from her." 

"If you think I will believe a word you are saying, then you are a fool." 

When she called his name, he didn't turn to look at her, but the anger he felt slipped through her veins, and the bond they shared felt bitter with it. It was so heavy, or ached. 

"Throw her in the dungeon, and Laura, destroy the extracts. I want it all gone." 

"Yes, Your Majesty."

Zezi's screams to be listened to fell on deaf ears and she got dragged away to the dungeon along with her family.

___

179 - Prisoner, Oh Prisoner.
The dungeon wasn't a fun place to be, especially for her injured Mama and scared Mira. George was still unconscious. For how long would he remain that way?

"I tried my best." Aunt Alice said but Zezi stopped her from saying any more words as she paced back and forth in the caged space.

"Tell the King to send a doctor!" She yelled to the guard at the gate once again but he didn't move. "I am your Queen and you will do as I say."

They didn't move.

She gritted her teeth in frustration, yelling through their bond. 

He surprisingly didn't close it down as he used to. Maybe he wanted to but he just couldn't do it. 

'Please, Valerick. Please.' She begged through the bond over and over again. 

The damage was done. 

He wouldn't listen to her or come to her aid. 

Regret ate at the corners of her heart and guilt threatened to pull her under, but everything she had done she had done for her family. 

And now they were here because of her poor planning. 

How did this even happen?!

"Stop panicking, I will get better." Aunt Alice said through the pain. 

"She attacked you with silver and poison underneath her claws."

"No poison." she managed to say from the floor, her voice thinning into a very low whisper. 

"There was poison." Zezi snapped, slipping her hands through her hair and pulling at the strands. "I know what she is capable of. She poisoned you and that is why you haven't healed at all. It's getting worse." Her voice broke with tears. "I am sorry, Mama. This is all my fault."

"Will Grandma get better?" Mira asked. "This place is smelly."

'Valerick, please. My mother is dying, please. Punish only me. Please, please. Let them go. She's dying! Please!" She begged again. 

Aunt Alice coughed, blood spilling from her mouth. 

"Mama!" Mira yelled in panic before her eyes flashed with thirst. 

"No!" Zezi immediately pulled Mira away from Aunt Alice but her hunger was already awakened and her claws dug through Zezi's hands to get to the weak prey on the floor. 

A wave of dizziness washed over her and for a moment, Zezi staggered on her feet, her grip slipping from Mira who used that moment of weakness to her advantage. 

She escaped from her mother's grip, her eyes beastly as she circled the dying prey on the floor. 

It was one before. 

Now, there were two. 

Or maybe there. 

The one by the wall was still unconscious.

Food.

Her mouth watered.  

Control was still something new for Mira and for a moment, in her flawless plan, Zezi had forgotten about her daughter's ability.

"Mira. You will not do this. You are not a killer. You will not hurt Grandma." 

But Mira seemed nothing like herself and the dizziness that made Zezi's body weak wasn't helping at the moment. 

Mira attacked once again, this time around Zezi couldn't fight it and Mira's fangs dug straight into Aunt Alice's neck. 

___
___


From none to two. 

How had she been so lucky? 

Laura couldn't believe it. She had gone from having one extract, to having none then having two.  

Absolute luck and fate by her side  

Of course, when her brother had told her to destroy the Extract, she had simply stolen it and lied about obeying his orders. 

Somehow, that fur creature had come to be of use. 

Now, all she needed was Delice.

As she paced back and forth in her room, she couldn't help but wonder. 

After the argument they had, Laura had rushed back to her room only to discover that the spell she had prepared to find out who had stolen from her was ready. Then she proceeded to use it and it led her straight to Akeem. 

That stupid half-breed. 

The audacity!

After threatening to put the blame on Delice, he had confessed that he was responsible and had told her that he had given the Extract to the Queen. 

She had then told him that he would be forgiven if he would bring Delice to her, but he didn't seem to be moved by that. Instead, he begged for her to punish him instead and leave his "High Pillar" out of it. 

Then she had lured him with something greater, something she knew he wouldn't be able to resist. 

"Bring her to me and I will fulfill your greatest desire."

"You do not know my greatest desire." 

"I will make her love you and only you. I am a witch, what can't I do?"

"I will bring her to you." He had said and she had let him go. 

That was hours ago. 

He should be here by now, but he was nowhere to be found, and slowly, Laura couldn't help but think that she had been fooled.

She banged her fists against the mirror in rage, letting them shatter and dig into her skin. 

"That low life!" Then she turned abruptly to Oliver who stood at the corner of the room, his hands tied to the bed, and his eyes dazed. "I will have his head." 

___
___


Aunt Alice didn't die that night. 

Nicholas had come to their rescue. 

He had pried Mira off her grandmother and put her to sleep. Then Gwen's willing hands carried her as she patted her back gently. Without looking at Zezi, she left. 

She was certainly mad at her too.

She deserved to be. 

Some people had come to carry George away, he was slowly getting out of it but his wolf was resurfacing quickly and asking for Delice. 

It was absolutely insane to watch. 

Aunt Alice had been taken away too, Nicholas promised that she would be alright. 

"I want to see him." She said when he pressed his thumb over her wrist, trying to perform some checks to ensure that she was alright. "I need to talk to him, convince him to talk to me." 

They were friends, he should be able to do that.

"You must think I am a magician."

"You are his friend." 

"You are his mate. Whatever you can't do, I certainly can't do it." 

"Stop lying!" Her voice trembled with tears. "Please, I need your help."

Nicholas frowned, taking a step back. A moment of silence settled between them. 

The doctor never liked her, he never hid it either. He must be overjoyed to see her here. 

"This environment is unfit for your baby. I will let him know." 

With that said, Nicholas disappeared. 

Some moments later, some guards came to take her away from the dungeon and they led her into a small room in the Castle. 

It had a single bed, no windows, and a door that could only be opened from the outside. 

She was a prisoner once again but this time around, she had a crime to her name. 

Treason.

180 - The Runaways 
The sun was bidding the sky farewell and the shadows of the trees grew with the increasing darkness. 

It felt like they were being followed. Most especially, it felt like the trees were making a mockery of him. 

He could hide at will but no, he couldn't hide from them. Not from this feeling of being followed, of being watched, of being seen, of being chased. 

Akeem adjusted Delice on his back, not resting for a second. 

He had been running for hours, not to try and find a way out of Lavida, he knew that the Princess might be at the mouth of the cave. 

That was too risky. 

No!

He was trying to get to one of the little villages surrounding any of the Province, even being in the Province would be better than being here where the Princess could find him. 

But the Capital was large and he was armed with nothing but himself, and his Sire was unconscious on his back. 

By now, she would have discovered that he had tricked her, by now she would have sent some of her guards to find him. 

By the Blood, she had probably lied to the King about his involvement with the Volakys. Maybe she claimed that he and his Sire were responsible for the whole attack. She must have roped the Queen in it too since he had told her that he delivered the Extract to her. 

By the Blood, this was a mess! There was no way he could go back, there was no one to help him. 

Finally, after all the running, he tripped, his tired legs were of no help and he fell to the floor, his Sire hitting the ground. 

He groaned, his hand finding the bark of a tree to support him, as he tried to go to his Sire and ensure that she was alright. 

"Lady Delice!" He called out in a harsh whisper and she stirred, her hands slipping up to her face, the first thing she remembered being the slap Laura had delivered to her face. 

Her eyelids fluttered open and for a second she looked around blankly before her eyes shone with realization and she jumped to her feet. 

"My daughter-" the words slipped past her lips. "Akeem. Where are we?"

There were trees everywhere she turned and the darkness had now taken over the sky. 

No!

She was supposed to be out of Lavida by now with her daughter!

"What happened?" Her voice was low but it didn't hide the fear she felt. She could still remember that Laura had been upset with her. 

She had slapped her. 

She couldn't remember what happened after that. She just couldn't!

"What happened?!" She rushed to Akeem, who looked up at her with tears in his eyes. That made her even more afraid. Akeem was never like this. He was strong. 

"Where is my daughter? What did Laura do to my Medallion?" 

"I don't know." He finally made it to his knees. "Forgive me, Sire. I had to do it."

The memory came to her in a flash. 

After leaving Laura in her room, she had decided to say farewell to Akeem, but she didn't find him and she spent some time looking for him. 

When she finally did, he had attacked her and knocked her unconscious with an herb he certainly didn't prepare. 

Rage took over Delice's aura, and her eyes twitched as her fingers turned into claws. 

"She sent you." That wasn't a question. "How could you?" 

Akeem wasted no time in explaining what really happened and Delice listened for as long as her worry could let her. 

Laura wanted him to bring her back but Akeem had betrayed her. That answered nothing about her real worry though. 

"What about my daughter?"

"I don't know. I escaped with you, Sire. I don't know of any other."

Delice staggered to her feet, running in the direction she believed the Castle should be. 

Laura was insane, it wasn't anything that Delice didn't know. 

She must consider her daughter as the reason for their fallout. She had faked her death before when the child committed no sin against her besides being born, now that she could attribute a crime to her name, Laura would certainly be capable of more.

"My daughter, please don't touch my daughter." She muttered as she ran and Akeem went after her. 

"You can't go back, Sire," Akeem called after her but she didn't listen. 

She had been useless to her daughter before, she would not be useless to her again. She would bargain away her life just for her daughter to be saved. She would do anything. 

Anything. 

She passed through the trees in a blur and didn't stop until a sinister laugh rented the air and the familiarity in it made her freeze.

Sitting on a tree's branch, to her right, was Laura. 

The Princess had a maddening smile on her face, blood drizzled from the corners of her lips and her claws carved letters into the branch of the tree. 

"Are you running back to meet me because you have missed me so much?" She asked, getting off the tree effortlessly and landing on her feet. 

Delice took a step back. "Laura."

"I am not the only one looking for you. The Kings' guards are looking for you too." The Princess folded her arms across her chest, the red leather jacket she wore glimmering lightly under the moonlight, her serpent-red eyes filled with mischief and contained rage, and her fangs out for blood and anything they could sink in. 

"If your little plaything had the Extract in his possession, then you certainly had a hand in the attack. In fact, you were probably helping the Queen with her mastermind plan of bringing Lavida to ruins. You were once a dirty dog like them. You have a motive to help the kind you believe you were part of."

Delice smile, a bitter one. 

"Are those the lies you told the King?" 

At that moment, she could hear more footsteps. 

She was right, the King's guards were searching for her. She feared the wrath of the King if she were to be trialed upon these lies on the Execution Ground but more, she feared for the fate of her daughter. 

"Should we let his guards find you so you can find out?" 

181 - My Gwen 
How had she even found them?

It must have been when she had tortured Akeem, she must have put something on him to make it easy for her to find him. Maybe an herb or one of those many spells she used to play around with. 

"Should we?" She arched her eyebrow at her as she twirled her hair between her claws. 

Delice's eyes darted between the place she could hear the guards coming from, to the one in front of her. She looked away for a second yet again and that was it. 

That second had been enough for another destruction.

The next time she looked back at Laura, she had Akeem's head in her hand, snapped off his neck, and his heart in another. His body was limp on the ground, his eyes wide and white. 

Those dead eyes.

Delice staggered back, her lips trembling as pain coursed through her veins at the sudden loss. Her lips moved to speak his name but her voice betrayed her.

"W-why?!" Tears ran down her cheeks. Laura had always been a drastic type but this insanity was something. "He didn't-"

"I told him to bring you to me but he stole you away. He took you from me!" She snapped. "No one takes you from me. Not even your daughter." 

The guards were getting closer now but that wasn't what bothered Delice any longer. 

Not Mira! Not her daughter!

With the speed of light, Delice was right in front of her, her fist grabbing Laura's collars.

"My daughter! What have you done to my daughter?!"

Laura laughed, dryly. "It isn't what I have done but what I will do. Disobey me again, and others will get punished, just like him." she gritted the last three words between her teeth, and Delice's trembling hands slipped away from Laura's shirt, her gaze falling on Akeem who still laid motionless on the floor. 

She blamed himself for his death in a way she couldn't even explain. 

If only she had been a better Sire, he wouldn't be here. If only she hadn't ever turned him in the first place!

"Come home, Mummy. I miss you." 

That stole her attention to Laura once again. With the blood stains blending into her red jacket and clashing against the white of her shirt, Laura had her arms spread wide for an embrace. 

"Mummy?"

Her legs moved on their own accord, shock and guilt still filling her veins, she fell into Laura's embrace, forcefully putting her arms around her. 

Laura sighed with relief and giggled happily. "I have missed you so much, Mummy. Have you missed me?"

"Yes." The word was heavy, it tasted like sand. "I have missed you."

"Let's go home. We will bring him along, we will make a Volaky out of him." 


___
___


Zezi had received no visitors for a while, except Gwen and Nicholas - who always paid her a visit every now and then to ensure that her baby was alright. 

Gwen always brought her food and if she asked, she would tell her about the state of the castle, about how her daughter was safe and enjoying the company of her little bats, how her mother was recovering, and how Mira's father was still in confinement because he wanted to seek out Lady Delice. 

"How about the King?" She would normally ask and Gwen would be able to provide very little but she would tell her about the state of the castle, how the Lords were against her and saw her unfit to be Queen. 

As if they had ever seen her as anything else except unfit.

"They think you are behind the attack, and you connived with Akeem. They believe Lady Delice tried to rat you out and you have something to do with her disappearance. The Princess is the head of the Rebellion against you and she is demanding for you to be questioned." 

Zezi's fists tightened by her sides. 

What kind of game was Laura playing? She was certainly doing this because she knew she couldn't tell the truth or she would end up like Riza, she was backing her up against a wall, finding fun in her misery. 

No!

She was doing more than that. 

She was distracting Valerick from her until they would launch their coup in the Castle. It must be getting closer and closer to the time for them to launch their attack, and by the Moon, she had been nothing but a distraction!

Even when she tried to go against them, her actions had indirectly helped the White Circle. 

Zezi sprung up to her feet, slamming her fist against the wall and leaving a dent in it. 

The wall was strong though and she felt the ache in her hand twice as painful as it would normally feel. Dizziness swayed her and she staggered on her feet, almost slipping to the ground, but Gwen had helped and somehow she found herself sitting back on the bed. 

"You should rest," Gwen said, offering her a glass of water. 

"I want to talk to him." She looked up at Gwen with tears in her eyes. "Tell him that I want to see him. It has been days, I just have to speak to him. He has to listen to me."

"His Majesty is very busy."

"Help me." 

"Drink your water, Milady." 

Zezi eyed the glass and took it from her. 

"You have told me how everyone is in the Castle and what everyone thinks of me. What do you think of me, Gwen?" 

Gwen looked away, wiping her hand on her apron. 

"My opinions do not matter, Milady." 

"They do to me. Certainly, you must hate me now."

"I do not."

She met her eyes then, those eyes that were always filled with happiness and positivity lacked them totally. 

"I feel betrayed. I begged you to give us a chance, and it felt like you did, but now, it felt like you never did." 

"Gwen-"

"But it is in you I believe. You may be guilty of this but there must be more to this story than we are being told." 

Zezi opened her mouth to speak but her words failed her. 

Tears glimmered in Gwen's eyes and Zezi tried to reach her, half expecting her to take a step back in recoil but she stayed there and let her wipe her tears away. 

"And if there isn't more, then I understand and I guess that is what makes me angry the most! That I am on your side no matter what. I remain your Gwen." 

"My Gwen." 

Gwen hugged her and they wept as she promised her that she wouldn't let her do this alone. 

"You will be happy again, Milady, I promise you."

"I am so sorry, Gwen. Please, forgive me for letting you down." 

"It's alright," she patted her back gently. "I understand."


182 - Ripping Union
Days passed and still Valerick had refused to see her. 

Zezi drew tally marks on the walls with her claws to keep track of time, and since Nicholas had told her that worrying would only do her baby more harm than good, she had decided to focus more on the fun activities that Gwen had bought for her on her visits. 

The stories her bats had written to her, kept her entertained too. 

The door pushed open and Zezi picked up her empty bowl of food to impress Gwen that she finished the soup, but the feeling that sizzled beneath her skin confirmed that wasn't Gwen.

The scent of rain that flooded her nostrils didn't help either. 

Her smile dropped and she set the bowl back on the floor. 

When she turned to look at him, tears glistened in her eyes even though she was trying to appear strong. 

"Twelve days." Those were the words that slipped passed her lips. 

Valerick looked nothing like himself, but a version of him that seemed to be going through hell and more.

His loose black robes seemed to sweep the light out of the room, his eyes were as cold as ice, and he seemed tired of being in her presence already. 

His gaze swept over her and he looked away, trying to pretend not to notice her tired eyes, her noticeable baby bump that shouldn't be there for how young her pregnancy was, and the fact that she looked leaner than he had ever seen her. 

The pregnancy was taking a toll on her. 

A soul seizer had never been born before, they had only ever been made. 

This was the first time his kind would be born and despite everything Zezi had done, he was worried for her. 

That made him angry, so angry that he couldn't think!

"Nicholas told me that the boy drains you."

"Boy?" Zezi smiled, her hands rubbing her bump. "We are having a boy? That is wonderful. He will be just like you."

Valerick frowned. He had always wanted a family of his own and he had dreamt of different ways he would go about it. 

Zezi had ruined that dream for him. 

"Nicholas said I will probably have him by the end of this month because this is different from normal pregnancy experience. He feeds on my soul but that is no problem. I can handle it."

He was so far away and she was so scared that she would not make it, because she felt weaker and weaker every day. It felt like the end of the month was so far away.  But that wasn't something she wanted to tell anyone. 

She was so terrified, carrying their baby and he was so far away, by that wall, mad at her. 

He deserved to be. 

"And a girl. She is the peaceful one, so he said."

"Twins?!" She declared in surprise before she laughed and leaned her head against the bed. "No wonder my stomach is so big."

"I have come to give you a little ease. He said it will be easier if we remain in the same space for a while." She heard him move around the room, closer to her and her body went rigid. "My mother's paintings, it should help. Anything that makes us feel connected should make it feel less like a burden."

She turned back to look at the paintings he put on her bed. 

She had asked him to show her those paintings and she wished the situation had been different. 

It reminded her of the first time she had learnt his name, and regret sliced through her heart once again. 

"My babies are not burdens." She stood up, her hands on her stomach. He only chuckled in response like that was the most ridiculous thing he had ever heard. 

So ridiculous it didn't even deserve a proper laugh. 

But a dry one. 

Then he started to move towards the door but she reached out for him, holding his wrist. 

The sparks were crazy but beyond that was the relief. It felt like a million burdens had been lifted off her shoulders and she wanted to hold him forever but the way he looked at their point of contact with disgust made her pull away.

"At least," she was breathing heavily even though all she did was stand up and hold his hand. With how heavy she was though, it was a herculean task, "Listen to me, please."

"You should count yourself lucky that I haven't erased you as my people clamour for." 

"Erase? I am your mate, don't you think I deserve to speak my own side of the story before you crucify me? Your sister-"

"Deserve?" He didn't raise his voice, but he didn't need to. "You deserve nothing."

"Valerick-"

"Take my name out of your mouth." 

"Va-"

"I know about the poison! That is the problem. I forgave you and I gave us a new chance and you ruined it, yet again. Over and over again. You ruin us!" 

Zezi's heart dropped, and so did her gaze. Her breathing became rapid and all she could play in her mind was all the times she had thought to herself that he knew, and then dismissed it when he said nothing. 

So, he did know.

All this while?!

All this time!

That made her feel even more terrible. 

"It is not what it seems, I promise there is more. You just have to trust me." 

"You are asking for too much. You had many chances, if there were more, you would have told me." 

"There is-"

"After everything we have been through together, you still worked with the Rebellion against me. You are supposed to be my Queen."

"I was trying to save my people. You are misunderstanding this, but I cannot tell you and you just need to trust me and do as I say."

"Do as you say? I am not your fool. I am no one's fool! I am King!" His eyes changed in a flash into complete blackness and those black webs spread beneath his skin, covering his neck and then up his face. "And you are no longer my Queen." 

Zezi's mouth felt heavy, that burden was returning to her shoulders once again. 

"Fear not the clamor of my council. You are my prisoner, only mine to punish. Once the babies are born, I shall free you from the shackles of this union. You will leave Lavida for good."

Zezi shook her head, tears pouring down her cheeks. "No. No, please. Please, don't do this to me. Punish me any other way but don't separate me from my children. Please-" But he didn't stop, he didn't even look at her and the bond between them twisted with pain and agony. "I Love you!" She screamed when his hand held the doorknob, before it was pulled open from the outside. 

"I love you," she repeated when he looked at her. 

He had longed to hear those words. 

"You don't."

Then he left.

She moved to go after him, before the door would be closed, but a wave of dizziness hit her, along with the trickle of something warm down her legs.

Blood.

Her heart raced with panic as she slipped to the floor, and screamed. 

"VALERICK! Our Babies!"

183 - Costly Solutions 
"Have you lost your mind?!" Nicholas' angry words clashed against the walls of his office. 

"You are speaking to your King!"

Nicholas' stance flattered slightly. "You hurt my patient, Your Majesty. You knew about the critical condition she was in and you upset her. My prescription was for you to give her some ease and not put her in a worse state." He ended, his hands trembling slightly in the pockets of his scrubs, with anger and fear. 

Nicholas had never taken a liking to Zezi, knowing that she had willingly poisoned his best friend and pretended that all was well, using more manipulative methods to get to him. 

Even though the poison had been useless, it still angered Nicholas the night he had discovered it and he had advised Valerick to be done with her.

"It is obvious that she will never come to terms with loving you. Even if she ever does, she will always pick her people over you. That is the most dangerous type of mate to ever have. You do not want her as your Queen." He had advised him, only for a Joining Ceremony to be celebrated between them some days later. 

It was obvious that Valerick was bent on them working out and that made Nicholas despise her even more. Maybe because she had the luxury of something that he would never have and yet, she wasn't making the bext use of it. Maybe it was because fate was on their side but wasn't on his. 

If only he could be half as lucky as they were, things would be different between him and Irysi. 

Maybe that was why he didn't like her. 

However, he knew of Valerick's dream of having a family and he knew that he would forever hate himself if he was the one to ruin it. 

The King had to get himself together or he would regret his actions when his anger eventually evaporates. 

Two stupid fools with Fate on their side!

"Please, be careful next time." Nicholas' attention was on the King who was seated at the opposite side of his desk. 

Valerick had a frown on his face and his rage was evident, but slowly that anger dissipated. Nicholas couldn't see his eyes though and the emotions he felt were concealed.

"Report." He demanded. 

"The babies are safe, Your Majesty. They are alive."

"How is she?" His voice sounded broken for just a moment. "How is my mate?"

That told Nicholas all he needed to know and guided him on his next action.

"Stable for now. If you hurt her again, I won't let you see her until she has her babies."

Valerick scoffed at the challenge and he rose to his feet, his eyes dark with anger. "You cannot stop me from seeing my mate."

Nicholas stood firm. "I will not let you kill her, Valerick."

Nicholas stumbled away, leaving Valerick alone in the office. Valerick stepped out after a while and then went to Zezi's ward. The sound of her faint breathing filled his ears, along with that of the slow rhythm of her heartbeat. 

She was lying there on the bed, her eyes shut and her skin, pale. The way she had been screaming when she saw the blood drip down her legs played again in his mind. The fear she felt as it consumed their bond still had its lingering effects that he just couldn't get rid of. 

Everything was still there. 

Including the sense of deep betrayal. 

He was torn. 

He went on his knees by her side, threading his fingers through her own. 

Her touch felt like home and he missed her so much, his heart ached. 

This was his mate. 

The mother of his coming bats, his Queen and he had almost killed her. 

What was he thinking?

HOW COULD HE?!

His heart was broken and because of that, he had almost wiped out his family with his rage. 

He clenched a fist against his chest and he wept, while the other held her hand as lightly as his pain could allow. 

"Why did you do this to me? I love you, I love you so much, Zezi."

His heart was broken, ripped apart. 

If only he felt nothing then he wouldn't hurt her. By feeling no pain from the heartbreak she was putting him through, by feeling nothing, he would be able to help her with his presence, and she would have the babies. 

Everybody would be safe if he felt nothing. 

"I am sorry. Forgive me for hurting you, for hurting our babies. I'm so sorry, father is sorry."

If only this feeling could be taken away from him. 

He missed her so much it hurt, he loved her so much, the betrayal made it feel like hatred. 

Everything hurt!

It felt like a thousand claws were ripping at his chest. 

He just wanted it all to go away but it seemed like it never would. 

He was scared he would hurt her again. Terrified that this time, he might actually kill her. 

He needed this feeling to be gone, and as he listened to the sound of her faint breathing, he realized just what he had to do.

If his heart was frozen, he would feel nothing. 

Not this heartache. 

Not this betrayal. 

Not this hatred that was starting to consume him. 

Not this pain he didn't know what to do with.

Not this overwhelming feeling of missing her so much that it hurt to the point that it reminded him of why he distanced himself in the first place, which always led to anger and so much sadness that he couldn't fight. 

He was consumed by too much, the best solution would be to feel nothing. 

With nothing he would never hurt her. 

A frozen heart feels nothing.

That was what he had to do. 

He would freeze his heart. 

If that was even possible.

He had to find out.

Without wasting time, he sent a message to Lord Rosil, the greatest witch he knew. 

It was a summon that she couldn't disobey and by nightfall, the Castle held her presence. 

184 - The Other Side Of The Castle
"Mummy!" 

That voice. 

Delice would give anything to never hear that voice ever again. 

The keys jingled as one turned in the keyhole and Laura stepped in, the sound of her boots muffled against the red rug. Delice could see how the light from the candles hung on the wall, reflected on the surface of Laura's black polished boots. 

"How have you been? Have you missed me, Mummy?" Laura asked with a smile.

Missed her?

She had been held as a prisoner in this room, her hands chained to either side of the walls for some time now that she had lost count. These chains were not what kept her here though. It was the threat that hung over her daughter's head that kept her here. 

Mental imprisonment. 

"Laura." Her lips trembled lightly. Pale as they were, their colour was gone.

"Mummy?" Laura crouched next to her, while she opened a sachet of blood and placed it against her lips.

"My daug-"

"Drink first." The words carried a silent warning - Don't annoy me. 

So Delice gulped down the blood.

"My daughter."

"She is fine. You bear all the blame now."

Delice frowned. 

"You see, since your disappearance, it was easier to convince the King that you and the Queen had planned a revolution against him. At least, that way your daughter doesn't have to visit the Execution Ground. And since you forever will be with me till he is taken care of, it is best to keep things the way they are right now."

Delice blinked, sadness gaining residence in her eyes. 

"Don't be sad. I know you love my brother but like I always tell you, this is the best way to love him."

No. 

This wasn't. 

But that was not what she was concerned about right now, nor was it what occupied her mind any longer. 

"I no longer care about the best way to love the King."

"What?"

"I do not love the King! It was never love, you knew."

Laura scoffed like she was being a stubborn child. "So you love who? The wolf?" 

Ka'ik. 

She did feel something for him but calling it love would be going overboard. She just hoped that he was taking care of their daughter. 

"No, not the wolf. Your," she chuckled, and a glimmer of madness flashed in her eyes, her claws protruding slightly. "What is that disgusting name you call her? Oh! Your Medallion."

"I do all I do for my daughter." 

"Someone you barely even know."

"She is my daughter."

Laura leaned closer to her until there was barely any space between their faces, all the humor from her features had been wiped away. 

"I. Hate. Your. Daughter. This is all her fault!"

"If you hurt her, you are going to lose your Mummy." Delice attacked and Laura didn't take that well.

"How would you know?" She leaned back a little. "Maybe she is dead right now and I am just lying to you. You didn't figure it out ten years ago, it wouldn't be so different now." 

Delice gnashed her teeth, rushing towards her and Laura smiled. 

"You are mad!"

Zezi was right about her. How could she have been so blind?

Their relationship had always been toxic. 

It should have never been.
 
"That is a lock of your daughter's hair. Can you figure out if she is alive or dead? Or should I bring something else? A toe? A finger?"

Delice's eyes bulged with fear. She rushed to the floor, sniffing madly. 

"I said what should I bring next?!"

"No." She was crying now. She broke free from the chains and held the strands of hair as she wept. 

She couldn't figure out if the child was alive or dead through this. It wasn't working!

Laura burst into laughter and Delice stilled as the tears continued to roll down her face. 

"The "dirt" is alright for now." She slipped her claws into Delice's hair, forcing her to look at her. "The next time you misbehave though, I will gift you her head full of hair and we'll make a doll of it."

"Please! Please! Spare her, please." 

Laura rolled her eyes, letting her go. 

Her face was messy, she didn't like it. 

"Did you miss me?"

"Yes." Delice nodded vigorously.

"I missed you too, Mummy. It was so stressful today. Akeem is really doing well as a Volaky and soon enough, we will have enough for the attack. Before the end of this week, Lavida will be ours."

But Delice had stopped listening when she mentioned Akeem and the guilt of his death washed over her again.

A kick to the stomach!

Delice bent over in pain. 

"Where is your excitement?! Why haven't you told me that I have done well?!"

"I am sorry. It is all my fault. I will be better. I'll do better." The words rushed out of her mouth, and she smiled to impress. "Lavida will be ours, you have done great!"

Laura hissed. "It doesn't sound right."

"You have done well, a perfect thing you have done! No one else could have done it like you! You are the best!'

"Keep quiet!" Another kick. "Argh!"

This felt so annoying for Laura. Delice just wasn't as she used to be. 

"When I come back, be ready to be my Mummy like you used to. Do it right! I hate those tears." She hissed, twirling her claws around her ponytail. "You must greet me with a smile and call me your daughter." She tapped her claws against her lips thoughtfully. "Hmmm. No. Your Medallion. Go ahead. Call me your Medallion."

Delice's mouth felt heavy and the word tasted like sand. 

"My Medallion."

Laura smiled and then turned to leave, only to see that Oliver had been behind her, an audience to all of this.

He looked like he pitied Delice but in the next second, that look was gone and he winked at her. 

Without saying a word, she left the room and he followed her. 

"Later, Mummy." 

She shut the door and they left. 

"Desire anyone else and I might let you have her like Riza. Any other person but my Mummy." Laura said when they had walked a good distance from the room.

"It is only you, Raa Queen," Oliver responded and she picked him, with a smile on her face as she kissed him. 

"Oh, my Oli Baby."

185 - The Impossible Has Happened 
Zezi woke up after three days. 

The memories of what had happened the past few days flooded her mind and she, once again, cascaded into the feeling of regret. 

"My babies!" She had declared in worry before Gwen assured her that her babies were alright.

Zezi observed that she was no longer in the room she had been moved to after they had taken her out of the dungeon but now, she was in Valerick's chambers. However, he was nowhere to be found. 

She was worried about him, something in their bond made it feel like something terrible was about to happen. 

"You can't start moving around like that, Your Majesty. The doctor stated that you needed a lot of rest." Gwen said, throwing her arms around her to restrain her "strenuous" movement. 

She was back on the bed with different questions about what had happened in the Castle while she had been unconscious.

From Gwen's report, Zezi gathered that everyone was alright and there had been no new attacks. George was doing a little better, although Ka'ik was still in charge. The allegations against her hadn't changed much and Valerick was taking drastic steps to handle the situation between them so he wouldn't hurt her and their "bats" again. 

"What?" Zezi sat up in her bed, hoping that she had misheard what Gwen had said. 

"He summoned Lord Rosil, My Queen. I heard that the King had gotten his heart frozen. It has never happened before. No one has ever gotten rid of a fated bond before." 

Zezi's hand crawled up to her chest, her breath coming out in rough pants. 

So that was why the bond felt heavy. 

Tears welled up in her eyes and Gwen's desperate cry for her to remain stable blended into the background of her mind. 

She suddenly couldn't hear her. 

Her hand went over her bump, and she shook her head. 

Now, more than ever, she had to be strong or Laura would win. The only person that would have redirected the King with her wise counsel would have been Delice, but she was missing and from what Gwen had said, the Princess was selling the story that Delice was certainly part of the Revolution against him. 

One of the ring leaders of the dens. 

She was doing that to sway him from searching for her, which meant that Delice was definitely in her captivity. 

There was nothing more painful than to know of a coming doom and be totally helpless against it. 

"Bring me some writing materials, Gwen."

"Milady?" 

"Make it quick."

"Yes, My Queen." 

___
___


The door to the room flung open and Delice smiled immediately getting into her role-play. 

"My Medallion. How have you been? Tell me all about today. Mummy wants to hear." 

Laura smiled before her smile vanished the next second. 

"We will make this real." 

The next thing Delice knew, some guards came into the room, undid her chains, and dragged her to the Meeting Ground.

The trusted ones were there to witness whosoever was going to happen tonight, Oliver being one of those trusted ones. 

The Volakys were nowhere in sight but Delice knew they had already been created. 

She was panicking. 

What was Laura about to do to her now? Didn't she act it out well? Had Laura done something to her daughter? 

"I'm sorry, Delice," Laura said when the guards forced Delice to her knees at the altar.

"What have I done? I will do better. Tell me my crimes and I will amend them! Please!"

"It is all about to be perfect. You will be my Mummy, truly."

Delice turned to the ball of massive smoke some distance away from her. 

"She needs a body. The spell said your vessel is a perfect match. Don't fight it, it will be painless." 

Delice's eyes bulged in fear. 

Laura was going to kill her so that her mother would use her body. 

"You are crazy!" Delice fought against the guards but before she could get any further, magic brought her back to her knees and paralyzed her. 

"This is what we have always wanted. The ambush is tomorrow but my mother needs a body. My two mothers will become one, you are fulfilling your part in attaining this great mission. Your sacrifice will never be forgotten. I love you, Delice." Laura said as she circled Delice and sprinkled the liquid from a golden goblet on her body. 

Then she chained her wrist and her ankles on the floor, where an image had been drawn with blood. 

Delice couldn't scream, she couldn't move but in her heart, she wept and cursed the day she met Laura. She was saddened about leaving her daughter, saddened about many things. 

The tears rolled down her cheeks and Laura wiped them away. 

"I am so sorry, Mummy." She said then proceeded to wipe her own tears. "This must be done. I will never forget you, my good friend. My mummy." 

I AM NOT YOUR MOTHER!

She wanted to tell but she couldn't. 

Laura stepped back and started chanting her spells, while her mother joined in. Her voice commanded more power than her daughter's own. 

Delice could feel the cold daggers of death try to yank her soul away. All they needed was for her to die and for Laura's mother to be an immediate replacement. 

Agony began for Delice, silent agony. 

Suddenly, Laura stopped and silence took over the hall, as the available members of the White Circle turned to look at one another. 

"Someone is betraying us." The Mother declared.

Chaos.

They started talking over one another. 

"That is impossible."

"That can't be."

"Riza tried and she is dead-"

"Many more too."

 "Find her before he does." The Mother's voice thundered and they fell into silence at once. "Kill her!"

"Yes, Mother." 

But Laura had gotten to the upper part of the Castle too late and before she found Zezi, Valerick found her first with a letter in his hand containing words written in blood. 

No. 

That shouldn't be possible. 

That shouldn't. 

"Zezi is dead."


###chapter 186 - The Ambush 
Laura stopped in her stead, her eyes trying to catch the words written on the letter instead. The handwriting was hazardous and she couldn't figure out much from here. 

She needed to have that letter in her hand; she needed to know how much the stupid dog had betrayed them. 

How far she had been able to go before she had combust into flames and-

Wait dead?

Did he just say that the fur creature was dead?

"She is dead?" Laura asked. "What happened?" She tried to push worry into her voice, trying to hide the slight relief she felt as she tried to observe her brother's behavior. 

Was he seeing her as an enemy right now?

Did he know?

"Take it." He handed the letter to her. "She said there are enemies in my castle. Find them for me. You are the only one I trust here. You are my only family." He brushed a hand over her hair. "You are all I have left."

With that said, he turned away and left her in the hallway. 

Laura blinked.

She had expected many things, but not that. 

The death of a mate, fated or chosen, was never something that could be received calmly, except if the thing he had called Lord Rosil for had worked. Except, if the King's heart was truly frozen. 

She quickly looked through the letter. There wasn't much information there besides what the King had said. She wasn't able to get far then in disclosing their secret then. 

That dirty traitor!

More relief. 

She could smell the fur creature's blood and she saw some flakes of ashes. 

A smile blossomed on her lips. 

It was true. 

She was dead. Along with those abominations she carried in her womb.

Laura frowned, remembering the wolf's pregnancy. 

She looked back in the direction her brother had disappeared to some moments earlier. 

His heart must truly be frozen, for he wasn't grieving the death of his mate, nor was he grieving the death of his unborn family. 

Laura smirked.

This would be easier than she thought, because despite how frozen his heart was, he still recognized her as his only family, the only person he could trust.

She was his weakness. 

This ambush might as well be declared won. 

For tonight, she would conduct a fake search for a traitor. After that, she would return to her room not to arouse suspicion.

Tomorrow night, the transfer of her mother would happen, and the ambush would begin. 

By this time tomorrow, Lavida would be theirs. 

___
___

Time moved fast. 

And before Laura would know it, it was tomorrow night already. 

Once again, Delice was trapped on the altar, her body getting prepared for The Mother's soul to take full control of her body. 

Every member of the White Circle watched as Laura walked around her and repeated the process of the chanting and the sprinkling of the liquid all over again, the Mother chanting spells along with her.

Oliver watched too, his eyes fixed on Delice. 

Laura stepped aside and pulled out the enchanted sword from her sheath. 

The Sword of Change. 

Once Laura would dig it into Delice's stomach, her soul would be forced into the hands of death and the Mother could take over.

Then the ambush would happen tonight. Once the Mother would find a body, there would be no use for waiting. She would bring this castle to the ground. She, the Volakys at her command and all of them. 

They were all hers, including her loyal daughter. 

Laura started moving closer to Delice, chanting once again, spells that The Mother took part in with her. 

Oliver watched her closely, then his eyes shifted to Delice. He balled his fists slowly by his sides. He wanted to look away but he couldn't, he just couldn't do anything but watch.

His Sweet Bun didn't deserve this.

She was too sweet for this cruel castle, this cruel Kingdom. 

Too good. 

Too-

"Ah!" someone yelled from one of the balconies before the body fell to the ground, eyes rolled back with only white left behind, and a hole where his heart should be. 

Soon enough, many more screams filled the air and from the chaos emerged the King, inked lines running up his face, blood dripping from his claws and anger in his eyes that were looking straight at her as he yanked out the heart of another. 

This looked nothing like someone with a frozen heart. 

He- he had tricked her!

They had been ambushed. 

"Mother?" Laura gritted in pain as she called out for her mother.

The ball of smoke sank straight into Delice, her eyelids shot open, an absolute darkness taking over her eyes and she gritted in pain as the Mother's soul forced itself into her body, wrestling against her own. 

The possession hadn't been done right. 

This would have consequences later, but for now, this must be done. 

"Mother?!" Laura yelled once again.

Volakys joined the battle at Mother's command, but she couldn't stay here for long, the possession had to be done right for her to be in full control.

So she created a portal to the place she felt most connected to, and pulled her daughter along, who still had the enchanted sword with her. Oliver jumped through the portal too. 

Escaping for his life.

___
___

They tumbled into the Hall of Statues. 

Delice stood up quickly, her hands going to either side of her head, as the color of her eyes changed from one to another in seconds, depending on who was holding control.

Blood dropped from her nose, and she staggered to the door. 

*My -medallion. Ah!"

"Mother!" Laura pulled her back to dig the sword into her stomach, but she yanked herself away from Laura's grip, and threw her against a statue with a strength she shouldn't even have if the Mother's Soul wasn't inside her. 

"I AM NOT YOUR MOTHER!" She yelled and raced to Laura before she could stand on her feet. Madness consumed her aura and slammed Laura's head with the broken pieces of the statue, until there was nothing left of her head but a mess. 

She dug her claws into her chest and yanked her heart out. She tossed it on the floor, wiping away the blood that had splattered on her face away as she stared down at her "friend" that she had now killed. 

At that moment, Oliver hugged her from behind and the enchanted sword went straight through her. 

Her eyes turned black immediately and the screams of grief from The Mother rang through Delice's throat. 

187 - White Flag
Pain. 

That word would be a great understatement to describe how Delice was feeling.

It felt like her non-functional heart had been ripped out of her as the blade tore through her stomach, entering through one side and reappearing in another before sinking into Oliver, who held her firmly from behind. 

Her soul was dwindling and she could feel her body getting possessed completely by the Mother. She looked back at Oliver with tears in her eyes, regretting the first time she had met him, wishing they had never crossed paths while she thought of her daughter and the time she would never have with her. 

"Iaccept!" Oliver yelled as blood drizzled down his mouth. He pulled the sword away and Delice slipped to the floor, bleeding. 

She could feel the weight of something pull out of her, leaving her completely weak. Her sight was getting blurry and her gaze was fixed on Oliver as he staggered to the statues while his eyes blackened. The sword slipped away from his grip and hit the ground.

He tumbled to a statue, a sly smirk on his face, blood dripping from the corner of his lips. 

"Wrong-vessel," he muttered, until his eyes went completely black and he started saying some unintelligible words, those were certainly not his words but the Mothers. 

"Zirus," she muttered as she slipped to the ground. The darkness in Oliver's eyes disappeared. Just like he had thought, his vessel hadn't been prepared to allow the mother in, neither was he a compatible match.

She was gone but at the cost of his soul embracing death. 

A satisfied smile tugged up the corners of his lips as he took one last look at his Sweet Bun.

Peace.

At last. 

Delice tried to crawl to Oliver so that she could help him, but she was too weak and bleeding too much to even move. She couldn't even speak. 

That stab had affected her healing abilities, or maybe it was what Laura had done to her that had affected her. 

She couldn't die like this. 

What about Mira?

What about her Medallion?

She was slipping further away into unconscious or maybe death, when she felt someone lift her off the ground, and in the moment, canines sank into her neck. 

___
___

Smeared with blood and green liquid that evidenced the death of the newly created Volakys and the White Circle, Valerick walked to the door that had on its other side, his life.

Blank inked lines designed every opening that his ripped cloth left uncovered, the death he had unleashed played repeatedly in his mind. Finding the corpse and almost dismembered body of his sister did not faze him either. 

All enemies deserved death, even if those enemies were once family. 

His father had taught him that, and he had learnt well. 

His hurried steps were guided with determination, his mind filled with only one thought. 

He wanted her right now!

Needed her! 

He needed his home.

All her sins were forgiven. What was the use of their fighting, anyway? 

"Your Majesty!" Irysi said as he approached the door. She looked over his shoulder to find Nicholas, but she found no one. Her heart sank with worry and her eyes clouded with tears. 

But to each their own thoughts. 

"Get out of the way," Valerick commanded. 

"You cannot-" her words stilled with his glare and she moved away from his path, and he pushed the door open immediately.

Zezi turned to the door mid-pace and the tears that had welled up in her eyes rolled down her cheeks.

"Valerick." 

Her hands ached to touch him, she itched to go to him but she knew he would push her away. His frozen heart felt nothing for her and as much as the bond between them was filled with many emotions, she knew he could feel none of them.

His heart was frozen. 

She was nothing to him. 

"You came back. Alive." she smiled. "You came back."

Honestly, she hadn't thought that he would listen to her. After Gwen had told her about Lord Rosil's presence in the Castle and what Valerick had instructed her to do, Zezi couldn't help but risk telling Valerick about the White Circle.

It was the last straw. She was afraid that Valerick would keep distracting himself with the thoughts of trying not to feel anything for her until the White Circle would launch their ambush and they would all be dead. 

The thought of Valerick dying had been so heartbreaking that she decided to write down a letter. 

But just like Riza, she didn't get far. 

Valerick found her bleeding and her blood turning to flakes of ashes.

She had begged him with tears in her eyes to trust her and just do as she said. Having found her in this state, Valerick listened to what she had to say. 

She told him to tell the Princess that she was dead, told him to go to a certain place in the Castle and attack anyone he found there. 

So she didn't directly betray the oath, she only gave him instructions, and he followed. 

It was a loophole that she exploited.  

With the blood and green liquid that were smeared all over him, it was obvious that he had listened. 

He had obeyed her; despite everything she had done, he had trusted her.

She didn't deserve him. 

But the consequences of her actions were here. He would forever watch her with soulless eyes and the mate she once knew would be gone forever.

This was her fate. 

Her punishment and she was ready to accept it. 

She would never forgive herself for depriving her children of the father they would have had. 

"My Heartbeat." He came closer until he stopped right in front of her. "My Soul."

She blinked, sensing the foreign overwhelming emotions that rushed through her veins. 

That was impossible. 

His heart was frozen!

His arms went around her and she froze, while he rested his chin over her shoulder, her bump having the most contact with his body. 

"While I fought, I thought of the home I wanted to return to. It was you, over and over again. You and our babies." He paused, breathing her in. "I can't fight you any longer, I can't stay angry at you any more. I can't do this anymore. I don't want to."

"Valer-" Tears cut her word shut.

"The more I hurt you, the greater I hurt me."

Tears streamed down her cheeks. It was hard to think when she was feeling so many things. 

"I love you, Zezi. I love you so much my heart refuses to freeze. Will you please go back to being in love with me?"

"Valerick, I never stopped." Her hands went around him, and she wept as his grip around her tightened. 

"My Zezi." 

"My Love."


188 - History Will Not Repeat Itself 
The revolution had been defeated and peace reigned, for now.

The bond between Zezi and Valerick was no longer strained with depression, tensed feelings and overwhelming sadness. It blossomed with happiness, an electric feeling that made they both feel alive. The weight of the pregnancy felt so light for Zezi and Valerick's happiness returned now that their conflict was over. 

It was good that the heart-freezing thing hadn't worked. 

To live his life without having feelings for Zezi and his bats would have been absolute horror. 

Why had he even ever considered doing that?

That night, they didn't speak much. They just laid in bed, in each other's arms and fell asleep.

It was the most wonderful night they had both had in a long time. 

The next day, Valerick was gone for a meeting, after pressing a kiss to her head with a promise that he would be back soon. Gwen came into the room next, happiness radiating all over her. 

Her and her group were at it again.

"Some think the twins will be more of bats. Some others think they will be more of wolves but I think they will take both equally. I can't wait!" She squealed excitedly while she set her a bowl of soup and two other plates of food. 

Her Lady's appetite had really grown. Also, any minute now she would request for a weird combination of food, Gwen couldn't wait to find out what it was. 

The Queen just reminded her so much about her while she was pregnant. After eight bats, her mate wanted them to have another. She wanted one too and seeing her Mistress pregnant, reminded her of that desire. She would have a bat so that her Queen's bats would have a friend of their age to play with. 

Gwen presented the gift her bats had prepared for the Queen, once again. One of these days, Zezi would have to send one back. She wanted to. 

"You are all invited to the birth celebration of my pups. I honestly cannot wait to meet them all!" Zezi declared with happiness. 

Gwen thanked her and they continued their discussions, as she directed Zezi's exercises and talked her though what she might experience during childbirth.

___
___

Later that evening, Zezi went to see Mira. 

Oh, how she had missed her daughter.

"Mummy!" Mira had been so happy to see her, she flew so fast into Zezi's arms, she almost couldn't catch her. 

"Oh, my baby. I have missed you so much."

"I miss you too, Mummy."

"We have all missed you." Delice said as she approached them. They had been the only ones in the room before Zezi stepped in. It was good to see that they were getting closer. Delice deserved to be happy after all these years that she had been without her medallion. 

"Be gentle with Mummy, she is pregnant." Delice stated, helping Mira down. Zezi was grateful for that. 

Any added weight at this point felt too much. 

Mira got down and hurried away to get her some letters she had written to her while she was away. 

It was so good to see Mira running around like that, to see her healthy!

"This is the fastest pregnancy I have ever seen." Delice could not help but declare in surprise.

"That is what Nicholas said, I think soul-seizers grow very fast."

Delice touched her baby bump and there was a kick, she pulled her hand away so fast. "I'm so sorry. I didn't ask." 

"No problem." Zezi looked around for where to sit. "I heard you killed Laura." 

Valerick had told her that this morning. The White Circle had also been completely destroyed. Zezi was stunned but at the same time, it felt expected. Delice had always had a tinge of craziness in her aura. 

"They wanted to use me as a body for The Mother. She was manipulating me--"

Zezi pulled her into an embrace. "I am so proud of you. You are free, finally. We should celebrate!"

Tears welled up in Delice's eyes. 

"I do not think so, Zezi. The price of my freedom seems hefty. Akeem is dead and Oliver took my place. I have killed three to survive, it seems too much."

Zezi pulled away and waved her hand aside. "You are too selfless for your own good. None of that is your fault, they choose to make that sacrifice. Don't let their sacrifice go to waste by not living."

George stepped into the room at that moment. Mira rushed to him too but this didn't seem like the first time she would be seeing him after a long time. He seemed to be in control of himself. 

However the tension that fogged the room with his entrance was unmistakable. He expressed his happiness to see her, as well as mild shock to see how big her baby bump was already, while he completely ignored Delice. 

"Congratulations, you have always wanted a child," His voice didn't hold as much hatred as it used to.

Zezi expressed her happiness to see him too, then he left the room. 

Zezi promised to get her letters from Mira letter, and she followed George. 

"What is going on? I understand that you do not like vampires but you love your daughter, George. For Mira's sake, can you at least tolerate her?" 

"I need your help, Zezi." He turned to her abruptly, desperation in his eyes. 

"What is it?"

"The King tried to get rid of my mark on you when you first got to the castle."  

Zezi frowned. "Where is this heading?"

"I need your help with a medical professional that can help with something like that."

"You marked Delice?" Well no wonder her dress was high collared.

"It was my wolf!" He snapped, then he took in a deep breath. "I want that mark gone. I hate it." 

"You can't do that, it could kill her."

"Well, I don't care-"

"George!" She gripped his shoulders to make him focus. He was losing his mind in anger as usual. "That is the mother of your child. You are not a heartless being, this is not you."

He held her gaze for a moment before he pulled away from her grip. 

"I will never accept Delice as my mate. They killed my family, Zezi. I watched them. I saw them."

"She is different-"

"You may be able to forgive and carry one of them in your womb willingly but it will always be different with me. When I see her, I see my family's killer. I'll get rid of that nasty mark no matter what." He paused and gave her one last look. "I will never be you."

189 - Another Bond Worth Complications 
"Hold your peace, George." 

"Hold your peace?" George raised a brow at her. Even her use of language was starting to sound like them. 

She wasn't his anymore though and he liked to think that he didn't care about whatever she was getting herself to, but that had come as a shock to him, as much as this rapidly growing baby bump. 

She had always wanted a child, at least one of them was getting their heart desires. 

It just didn't make sense to him how she could be happy with it, but that was none of his damn business! All he wanted to do right now was get rid of the mark on the Bloodsucker or get rid of the Bloodsucker totally. 

Delice infuriated him!

"Yes. If you are such a great judge of things then you will realize that the enemy you are against is dead. Valerick is as much of a victim as we all are. For two centuries, his father and his step mother drained his soul for power. He had to kill his own father, that too at a great sacrifice." She paused, her heart filling with guilt as she remembered the times she had been against him without knowing the full story. 

"I have heard that plenty of times." He folded his arms across his chest, with a frown on his face. 

"But you seem to have never thought about it. Deeply. Every day he fights against enemies that try to drag us back into the Dark Times, of which I have ignorantly been a part of." She said the last party quietly. "The sources of our dismay are dead and the rest that live, are merely survivors just as we are. Please, do not hate them."

George scoffed. "The Process killed plenty. Your dear mate has his own crimes, don't try to wash him totally of his sins." He swept his gaze over her with a glare. "It is a pity that we have come to this."

"Give Delice a chance-"

"You cannot force me to be in love with a Bloodsucker as you are."

"No one is forcing you to do that. I'm just saying you should give Delice a chance to be a mother to Mira. Be by her side as Mira's father. She deserves it, they both deserve it."

George gritted his teeth and without a word, he stormed off.

Aunt Alice rushed up the hallway shortly after. 

"My baby!" Brightness flooded her face as she threw her arms around Zezi. "They won't let me see you. I searched everywhere, they told me you were dead- I-"

Zezi wiped the tears away from her face. "I'm alive, Mama."

Aunt Alice stepped back, her eyes bulging when she noticed the baby bump. "This is growing fast." 

"I'll have them soon." Zezi chuckled nervously. 

Aunt Alice smiled. "I guess, I will be around for more of my grandpups after all." 

Zezi noticed the box that had slipped out of Aunt Alice's hand when she had seen her earlier, it was laying on the floor. Aunt Alice rushed to pick it up. "It is a box of treatment for Delice." Before Zezi would have a chance to ask any other question, Aunt Alice provided. "No mother should be deprived of their child. I should know better." She flashed her a smile. "George will come around. He loves Mira and he will do what is best for her."

Zezi smiled, tears welling up in her eyes, as she pulled her mother into an embrace. 

"Thank you, mother." 

"Oh, my baby. Thank you for being alive."

___
___

She shouldn't be here. 

She had sworn to herself that she wouldn't stay too long at the Capital; she had promised herself that her time here would be short, and that she wouldn't seek him out, afterall, staying away from him was for the best for the both of them. 

But the heart's desire was so strong to refuse, even though that said heart was no longer beating and could be considered dead before it ever even lived. 

So here Irysi was, in Nicholas' room, using the spare key he had given her at his arrival in the Capital. 

He smelled like the sun, a warmess she couldn't explain. He smelt like freedom, like the wind in a flowery garden on a sunny afternoon, like a poison she shouldn't desire. 

Their last time at the Province still remained fresh in her mind. She had told him of her mission to come here and marry the King since he clearly didn't seem to want his mate, she had made it clear to him that she would never be with him. It was best for them to stay apart anyways, they were a curse upon each other. 

A death to the other.

Yet here she stood in his room, by the door with a bottle of healing medicine in her hand, frozen to a spot because there he was, staring at her with those eyes that always held her captive, with a bandage  wrapped around his lower belly and over his shoulder, disappearing from her sight as it moved to his back. 

Nicholas.

Her Nicholas.

Her death was looking right at her and all she could feel was this undeniable bond that pulled them together. 

A smile played on his lips and tears filled his eyes. 

"You came." 

___
___

((Hello, lovely readers. I'm writing a new story for the Spirity Competition. If you are interested in a fast-paced romance story filled with mystery and comedy, please check out "Stealing The Alphas' Soul". Your support will be really appreciated. Thank you.))

190 - Poisonous Darling
She tore her gaze away from his own immediately. "You are alive. Good." She nodded, as nonchalantly as she could with the emotions that clogged her throat, threatening to rip it open and lay all her emotions vulnerable right in front of him. 

Then she stepped further into the room and headed for the small table by his bedside. The table was close to where he was seated and it was hard to keep her attention away from him.  

The tension that stretched between them was one that forcefully made its presence known. His scent flooded her lungs and she lingered a second longer within this space because of it. She could feel tears hurting her throat once again. 

"I just came here to drop this," the bottle clicked gently against the glass surface of the table. Before she would straight up and turn away, Nicholas hand went over her neck and pulled her face to him, slamming her lips against hers in a possessive and hungry kiss. 

Everything happened so fast. 

In a swift movement, he had her back against the bed, his lips still pressed against hers; rough and demanding. 

She pulled away from under him quickly, staggering two steps back.

"Nicholas!"

His eyes were filled with mischief and glee. "You taste just the way I remember, Irysi." He fisted his hands into the bed, trying to ignore the pain that his wound was sending to his brain due to his recent strenuous activity.

"You are not allowed to kiss me again."

"Why not?" He rose to his feet slowly, ensuring to hold her gaze. Irysi was just as tall as he was, it should be easy to pull her in with either hand- injured or not- and kiss her again. 

"You know why."

"I don't. You are mate, it is only right that-"

"I will not let you die just because you can't stay away from me!" She snapped, her lips still throbbing from their kiss. The spark still flying between them, her body punishing her with the pain after pleasure for not continuing and ensuring that the Mating process was completed. 

"By the Blood, Irysi, that is my choice to make! Stop making it for me."

She frowned, and folded her arms across her chest. Something weary flickered in her eyes, this wasn't their first time having this kind of argument but it might be their last. 

Something about that weighed against her dead heart. 

"Irysi," his voice softened as he brushed his hand through his curly hair. She wondered  if it would still feel just like she remembered it. She dug her claws into her palms to stop this ache of wanting to touch him. 

It did not work. 

"You cannot dictate how I live or intend to die." Then his eyes were filled with pleading. 

Weak. 

She gulped. 

He knew how much that affected her. 

"Stay with me tonight, Irysi." He rested his head against her shoulder. "I'm injured, alone, weak. Hmmm, I need you. Will you take care of this injured soldier, Doctor?" He asked in a purr, his voice low, rough and begging. "Hold me, Darling. I'm cold."

He held her hands, directing them to go around him in an embrace but she forced them to drop by her sides instead, killing the urge to give him and further fueling his delusion that they could ever be together.

This was already enough punishment. To have him this close and yet still

"I'm leaving back for the Province at the break of Dawn."

He pulled his head away from her shoulder and looked at her. He didn't even have to speak, she could see the questions in his eyes. 

"My people need me."

"Leave when I have healed so I can go after you." 

"Like you always do?" She asked with a smile that had lost its humour. 

He nodded, his gaze concealed. "Like I always do."

"No."

"Yes."

"No! It will not be possible this time, Doctor."

"Doctor?" He was taken apart by that and he didn't hide it.

"I pronounced a ban on you and you can't gain entry into the Right Province any longer."

"A banishment?!" Finally rage took over his face. "That is ridiculous, Irysi, I have committed no crimes."

"It is for your own good!"

He balled his as he paced back and forth in front of her. 

"How could you do this to me?" He rushed forward and held her face between his palms in urgency, tears forming in his eyes as his eyeballs danced in their sockets to search her own. "You know I will lose my mind without you? I will go crazy." He slipped to his knees, hugging her legs as she tried to free herself of his hold over her mentally and physically. It was getting harder and harder not to cry and she didn't want to cry in front of him. 

"Darling, please have mercy on me. Don't be so wicked to me, please. I will go insane!"

"But you will live and that is all that matters!" She bit her lower lip, suppressing her tears once again. "Let me go, Nicholas." 

"Don't do this to me."

"It has already been done." He looked up sharply at. "The King has signed it and the declaration has been made."

Nicholas rose to his feet, more determination in his eyes than before. "No! I will appeal this. I will go to the King and he will listen to my side and lift the ban. This will not last. Mark my words." He turned away from her towards the door and she held his hand to stop him. 

"You can't do that."

"I have-" He stole her words away with his lips again but this time pain yanked him away, dragged him to his feet and drew blood from his eyes. 

191 - Love Troubles
The pain lasted more than it usually would. She couldn't touch him, it would usually make things worse.

Tears rolled down her cheeks and she reached out for him while instinctively pulling her hands back at the same time.

"By the Blood, Nicholas!" She gasped, like she was the one feeling his pain.

Like she was the one stretching and grunting on the floor of the room, like she was the one feeling like daggers were being twisted in her stomach, like she was one feeling like she was struggling to breathe even though that was something they had never needed.

Finally, after a long moment of struggle, he was alright again. He wiped the blood away and flashed her a smile.

"You have no need to worry," he said, standing up.

"I have no need to worry? It took longer than usual! You may die if it happens again."

"Iry-"

"No! It is our destiny that our union will bring nothing but death. You might not mind dying from this but I do. I will never forgive myself." Tears streamed down her face then she wiped them away. "Also, I shall be Joined."

"Joined?"

"Yes."

"To who? You already have a suitor? How many are they that want your hand? Who is he?" His hand went through his hair roughly. I'm losing my mind, tell me."

"Someone that isn't you."

"He mustn't know you have a mate. I will grant him that knowlegde."

"You will not meet him. He is in the Province and you are not permitted within the Province any longer."

*You are lying."

"Am I?"

She wasn't.

"Irysi."

She took a determined step back. Unwavering.

"This is farewell."

Without another word and without looking back, she left.

Nicholas was left to wallow in his sorrows and fall asleep with his heart full of depression.

He left the four open, just in case she would come back.

She didn't.

She didn't even wait for dawn, she left that night.

From his window, he watched her carriage leave the castle.

___
___

It was a good thing to be in bed next to Valerick, it helped in many ways but it was something Zezi wasn't completely used to again.

There was still something between them that served as a wall, something that felt so insignificant, yet so great.

The silence was filled with a certain kind of tension, a certain awkwardness.

After all she had betrayed him, all that just wasn't going to go away. He had his fill of blood before settling in bed next to her, she had watched him while he did that. He wasn't saying anything about the meeting he had today, maybe he didn't trust her any longer.

Not that she blamed him.

She felt no negative feelings from their bibd though.

"Will you bury her?" Zezi asked in reference to Laura.

"She has been burnt along with the others. I will not honor my betrayers in death or while they live, just because they were once my own."

A shiver ran down her spine at that.

Some minutes passed and all she could do was toss and turn. She couldn't sleep, her mind was burdened with too many things. Not just that, it wasn't easy turning with how big her stomach had gotten.

It didn't help that it was a warm night.

There was just so much heat; she could feel it from inside her body, consuming her and making her go crazy.

She wanted to go to the bathroom and lay in the tub but it seemed like a herculean task to even stand.

Everything felt difficult.

"Come with me." He lifted her off the bed and carried her to the pool.

It was so relaxing to be this close to him once, to breathe in his scent of rain.

He took her into the pool with him, and stayed behind her, with his arms prepared to hold her from danger if anything would go wrong.

"How does it feel?"

"It feels like I'm floating."

He laughed, really laughed.

Zezi frowned. What was so funny about the feeling of floating? Was he testing her? Was she failing? Did this have to do with him trusting her? Once again, was she failing in some way?!

He swam closer and if she looked down she would see his wavy reflection on the surface of the water as he stood so close to her. The darkness hid his face well and she was scared of turning, afraid of what she would see. The hair on her back rose with fear and goosebumps laced her skin.

What was going on? What was Valerick thinking? What did he have in mind for her
?

Some kind of punishment? Or maybe something worse?

Was she still his own or had something changed?