
###chapter ONE - REJECTED 

**********
Brutally betrayed and rejected by her Alpha mate on her birthday, pregnant werewolf Isabelle Anderson flees to New York—only to lose her child in a suicide attempt. Rescued by Klinn Adams, a CEO hiding an eerie secret, she discovers he’s her second chance mate. But Klinn feels no emotions, his wolf silenced by a cruel defect. As their bond ignites sparks he can’t deny, deadly secrets emerge: her vengeful ex hunts her, rogue werewolves threaten their world, and a shadowy enemy stalks her in the human realm. Can a broken Luna heal an Alpha who doesn’t believe in love, before old sins destroy their last hope?
**********
Isabelle's Pov

Click!
The sound of my heels against the tiled floor was like music to my ears as I reached the top of the stairs and slowly but happily made my way to me and my man's room, through the wide picturesque hallway. 
Today was a special day for me. He may have forgotten it was my birthday, because of the responsibilities that came with being an Alpha but It was okay, he had me. I will do everything I can to keep us together.
However, when the sight of our room was right ahead of me, I felt an uncomfortable feeling in my stomach. I halted in my steps and forced a smile to pull myself together. Then I proceeded to move forward but when the smell of tainted perfume and sweaty bodies hit my nose, my heart sprung to life and my wolf came to the surface, I was too tense to resist her.
I sped forward, pushing open our room door, and the sight that I saw next was heart-shattering.
My Alpha, my man, and my only true love was dug in between a strange woman's legs, and he seemed to be enjoying it. 
He glanced behind him and when our eyes met, I saw the little ounce of malice cross his expression.
My knees felt weak and my heart was breaking because I knew he didn't harbor a single feeling of regret for what he had done to me, to us! 
"Vivion, my love," my eyes blurred with tears as he separates from the woman, and she gave me a didactic stare as though I was the whore for stepping into the room.
"Leave us for a moment beautiful," he told the skinny blonde woman and she kissed him before putting on a robe and leaving me alone with him.
My tears trickled down my cheeks as he looked at me with a persuasive smile. 
"What Is it this time?" He stepped towards me in a bid to wipe my tears but I stood back. There was no way I was letting him touch me with the same hand that had cupped some woman's sex.
"V-Vivion, why did you do this to me, why are you doing this to us?" I stared at the floor, at both our feets, I couldn't look him in the eyes, I just couldn't. It was too much for me.
"Isabelle, do you still need to ask me that?"
I slowly built up some courage and looked up to face Vivion who looked completely fine by what he did. That didn't sit well with me.
"Vivion," I wiped my tears angrily, "I'm your mate, how can you cheat on me like that and be completely fine with it?!"
"Be respectful, Isabelle. I'm still your Alpha." He stood over me, his eyes unshaken and his stance rigid. I tore my gaze away from him, intimidated but still hurt. He walked past me and sighed, "Don't act like the victim, Isabelle. You did this to us by being a club's whore."
I'd heard those words so many times that they didn't sting anymore. "Yes, I was a club dancer for months just so I could escape abuse and bring my aunt a safer life. But what does that have to do with us? The moment I found out we were mates, I stopped dancing publicly and became completely submissive to you my Alpha, my mate and as your Luna. 
Just when will you stop blaming me for my past that I can't control? Also, you've cheated on me multiple times already, that's enough payback. Sometimes I feel like you're just doing this to me for your own selfish reasons then you blame me for it!"
"Insolence!" He yelled, and my wolf bowed her head in submission at his Alpha tone. I might be his mate, but he is first an Alpha. "Isabelle, you've reproached me time and time again. I won't take that from you."
After a few moments of silence, he murmured, "I can't do this anymore, I'm ending this with you."
A tear rolled down my cheek and my voice shook, "O-on my birthday?"
He turned to face me, his face clear with distinction.
"I, Alpha Vivion Mark of Avid Mars -"
"-Please don't do it!" I found myself yelling, but my words went by untended to.
"...I hereby reject Isabelle Anderson as my mate."
I stepped back, feeling my stomach sink as his rejection set in.
"I I" my voice shook but I forced myself to stand tall in front of him. "I, Isabelle Anderson, accept your rejection."
I could see the brief look of hurt in Vivion's eyes but it was useless to me now. He was so bent on hurting me and he knew just the best ways to destroy me. His rejection being one of them.
***
One of the biggest lies I told in the world probably had to do with me saying I accepted Vivion's rejection but here I was on a train leading to a popular city in the human world where I could fall apart In secret without anyone wondering if there was something wrong with me.
When I arrived at a city called New York, I was in awe of how many people were walking around and how there were so many advanced machines in perfect coordination with the road. I couldn't help but be impressed. The technologies in the human territory were way more advanced than the technologies back in Avid Mars .
My heart pounded harder in my chest as I was reminded of Vivion. I held back my tears and stepped into the crowd, mixing in with them effortlessly. Surprisingly, my hurricane mind calmed a little bit being around the humans because I could hear their heart pace and tell if they were good people or not. Most of them were just worried about their lives. Anyway, it put me in a more comfortable space to know that I was stronger than all of them and they didn't pose a danger to me at all.

###chapter TWO - MATE 
My plan at this moment in the human realm was half-assed because it was quite simple. I had money to sustain my life for two months so I was going to stay put for that long until an idea came to mind.
I heard the incognizant voice of the wind as it blew my hair back causing me to halt in my step, with my lips parted open and eyes frozen in attention. I felt a light leaf fall on my shoulder and I turned to glance at the brown leaf that reeked of autumn. I grabbed the leaf and my lips curved up in a smile. I didn't know why either but it just felt as though the future had something surprising to offer me. I wasn't sure what it could be, but I hoped it was something pleasant that could fill up the hole in my chest.
One month later***
I had thought I was going to stay in my rented apartment until an idea on what to do with my life struck, but nothing went my way. At least, not in the way I expected, because I found out that I was pregnant. With Vivion's baby of course, I never cheated on him. Now, I had to worry about something else other than my heartbreak. It was funny the way life worked but it couldn't be helped.
For the first time in weeks, I decided to go out. Not for myself but for the growing being in me. It was surprising to me that even though my current mental state was weak, the knowledge of a being, dependent on me to live was enough to get me out of the stuck mess of my mind.
I cleaned myself and wore black pants and put on an orange button up fluffy textured shirt then I stepped out into the busy streets. I had no idea how the human world worked because I hadn't gotten out to observe and socialize but from what I could see on the walls and poles were countless advertisements showcasing jobs to be applied for. Amongst so many, one caught my fancy. The name of the company was Trident and they were hiring for management. 
I looked at the address on the signpost and found my way there.
I got past security somehow and got information on where the interview for management would hold by listening with my ultrasonic-sensitive ears. I learned quickly and got into the elevator and found the area by listening.
As I made to open the door and get in, a security guard appeared and blocked my sight. "You're not allowed in unless you were called over for an interview,"
I looked up at the gruff man and gave him a gentle smile to ease his guard. "Don't worry, I was called over for an interview. Why else would I be here?"
The guard hesitatingly opened the door and I held back my smirk as I stepped in only to see two well-groomed men sitting behind a well-polished desk with several rows of documents in their hands while three participants sat on singular chairs, their heart rates a little higher than usual calm humans. I swept them over my gaze with a glance before staring at the interviewers who gave me a confused expression.
"Hi everyone, my name Is Isabelle and I'm here for the interview."
"Well, I don't think you're on the list-"
"-Instead of worrying about such naivety, why not give me a test right here, right now?" I looked at them with my chin up, "I have experience managing financial records and humans- I mean, people." It was true. When I worked at the club as a dancer, I had to learn to politely decline nasty men who wanted to have their way with me, so that could count, in a way, as people management. And regarding the financial records part, I had no idea but it didn't really matter, did it?
"Miss, you're causing a scene. Security!" 
"B-but I have experience!"
"Then prove it!" The older man with gray hair stood on his feet, looking at me with his light blue eccentric eyes.
"How?" I asked a little quietly.
"Send your CV to the company and come when the company invites you." He said as though it was the most basic thing ever.
I heard the door open and before I knew it, I was dragged out by the security guard from earlier.
"Please wait!" I yelled, but it was no good as the door to the interview room shut in my face. The guard dragged me off to the exit by the corner and gave me a distasteful glare, "I should've known you were a fraud, almost made me lose my job." 
"H-hey" Before I could find words to defend myself he was already far gone.
I sighed and turned around to leave. Perhaps, I needed more practice regarding human societal constructs. 
I took a step towards the exit when the most delicious scent that I'd never smelt before filled my nose.
I froze in my steps, bewildered and reminiscent of the feeling as it made its way through my heart, shattering the tiny towers I managed to build on fake foundations.
The door to the exit opened and I was faced with the most beautiful man I'd ever seen, my man. He stood in front of me, his glassy blue eyes staring into my eyes but I was too self-conscious to read his expression.
After a few seconds passed, my heart was completely vulnerable and my wolf was yearning to be held by him to fill the sacred space Vivion left after rejecting me.
To confirm what I was feeling, I moved over to him and grabbed his right hand, and placed it on the upper top of my chest.
"I'm not dreaming, right?" I muttered to myself. Just the mere feeling of the skin of his arm intoxicated me and left me with a feeling of need. A need for his soul to connect with mine.
The moon goddess gave me a second mate. I smiled.

###chapter THREE - CONSEQUENCES 
I stared up into the glassy eyes of my mate and felt myself sink into the need for us to connect, body, mind, and soul. This was the consequence of finding a mate. It didn't matter what towers you built around your heart, the illusion of invulnerability shatters eventually. Like now, I could feel myself longing for what I'd tried to repress.
"You can feel that too, right?" My voice was tiny as I asked the question to the light blue-eyed man. He gave me a long stare and removed his hand from my chest before bursting into laughter. "I have no idea what you're talking about lady, all I know is that you got into the hr office without an invitation nor your cv and asked to be hired into management."
I bowed my head while biting my lip in an attempt to hold back my tears. He was not acknowledging me as his mate, why?
"Any way you look young so I'll give you some advice, go to school, get a certificate, apply for a job here when there's an opening. As the saying goes, if you try, you win."
"I-i have to go," I moved past him to the exit and decided that I would take the stairs down since it was rarely jammed with humans.
The moment I reached the next flight of stairs, my tears rolled down my cheeks and I held my tummy.
I was hopeless. Even if I have a second mate, things wouldn't work out between us because he was human. Humans didn't have the sensitivity that we werewolves did. Secondly, I was pregnant with Vivion's baby. No man would want to raise another child with his mate, that was understandable.
I kept walking a flight of stairs down the other until I reached outside.
I mixed into the crowd and watched as the cars on the road complied with the traffic lights. It was a confusing moment for me but I learned the colors and actions that came after.
While I tried to keep my mind busy, it didn't work as I felt my wolf linger to the surface due to her pain of feeling rejected by our second mate. I could feel the overwhelming sadness in her heart and it drove me damn near the road of insanity.
I felt a rapid shift within me which kept me frozen in place. My wolf was taking over and there was nothing I could do about it within a short period of time because her energy came on strong. I felt my wolf's presence in my body as she attempted to stifle me at the back of her mind.
 This worked for a moment as I could slowly feel myself being stifled back and losing control of my body, but then I slowly started to resist her.
NO! She growled at me, IT'S YOUR FAULT WE'RE BEING REJECTED BY OUR MATES! FIRST IT WAS VIVION AND NOW IT IS OUR SECOND MATE! IT WOULD BE BETTER IF I TOOK OVER IN TIMES OF OUR SOUL PARTNER. HE'LL LOVE ME IF IT'S NOT YOU!
Shut up! I quietly said with gritted teeth, her character was more indignant and fierce than mine.
"This body is meant for me to control," I yelled to her in my mind. "You reflect my instincts, but that's not enough to make a man love you. He'll lust for your body, yes but what about what's in our heart?"
When I felt her slightly retreat into the back of my mind, I forcefully took back full control of my body.
I sighed and looked around, hoping no one had noticed anything. But then I stared back at the road. It didn't matter, nothing mattered at all.
This baby I sighed as I held my stomach. My baby would be a sad one if she was born because she didn't have a father. Well, she did but he was not good to me, how could he be good to her? Especially when he sleeps with other women. My daughter would think she has to go above and beyond to receive love but that wasn't true. It wasn't.
A tear rolled down my cheek before I could even help it. I would not be a good mother due to the rejection I got from both of my mates because there was the possibility I would treat her just the way I was treated.
I grew up not knowing what love was like because my aunt constantly verbally abused me and treated me like I was worth nothing until I met Vivion. Things between us were good at first but then it got tragic. He started to cheat and I still held on to him thinking I deserved it.
I didn't know my worth enough to teach my child when she was born so I was going to atone for the sin of my existence by taking both of our lives. That was the only way to get rid of all this suffering and pain that wouldn't leave me.
I took a step closer to the road and clenched my fists. There were a lot of cars moving at full speed. This was my chance to end It all.
I'm sorry my little baby, mother is so sorry.
With that, I ran to the middle of the road and stood there while a bus sped towards me. I stared straight at it with no fear as the driver tried to stop the bus's movement with the brakes. Even at the last moment, I could have saved myself but I didn't. I simply watched as the bus's forceful impact slammed against me, pushing me away from the road and into a ditch.
The consequence of my action
Blood-soaked pants and blurry vision. This was the end I was glad. The sensations in my body were closing in on me as I waited for my death patiently. Any time from now
My vision was fuzzy and my hearing difficult, but I could still hear the footsteps of someone as they made their way to me. I couldn't see who it was but their presence made my heart ache.

###chapter FOUR - MY DEFECT 
Klinn's POV... 

I watched her standing by the side of the road, her eyes frozen as she stared at nothingness in the distance. I stood still, hoping to understand why she was making that action- Her eyes suddenly flashed a golden brown. I was afraid to blink in case I was making things up in my mind. But that wasn't the case as, at this moment, the gold in her eyes still lingered. I wouldn't be mistaken about my kind. She was a werewolf, just like me, in the human territory.
I exhaled. If that was the case, I didn't have to worry about her. Our awkward meeting near the HR office in the company had me worried about her. She'd just left with that haphazard expression on her face. I remembered the warmth in her hands when she touched me back then.
The tingling sensation her touch gave me It was foreign but it gave me a warm feeling. One I'd never felt before. However, I was not confident to chase the fleeting feeling, I could just be making things up in my head.
I turned to leave.
My name is Klinn Ethan Adams and I was born with a defect. One that opposed the very sensitivity of werewolves, I could not feel emotions.
As I took a stride forward, I heard a long bang and soon followed the pungent scent of blood. Something in me sparked.
I turned back in the direction of the road and saw that a bus had hastily pulled over near the pedestrian spot and across from it was the bloody arm of a woman hanging above a ditch.
The sound of the world around me dimmed and I heard the quiet voice of my wolf alarming me. Without thinking, I ran to the side of the ditch and when I saw the face of the woman laying in there, something in me dried up.
"Hhow?" I muttered to myself. This woman was a werewolf and she was obviously with child. She could escape even the fastest bus here in the human territory, then how? Or rather, why? Why would she try to take her life and that of her child-
"No," I muttered as I sensed the secondary blood pouring out of the woman. The child was dead. And just when it was beginning to grow stronger I heard her heartbeat, desperately pounding hard and strongly. Somehow that was enough to throw some sense back into me. I immediately threw my hands into the ditch and scooped her gently within my grip.
I lifted her from the ground and only then did I notice the gathering crowd. The reckless bus driver was being held by a couple of people so he didn't leave. I couldn't be bothered by these fallacies.
"Call the police!" I yelled and as I walked into the surrounding crowd they parted the road for me to pass but I heard a concerned voice ask, "Where are you taking her? The ambulance isn't here yet."
"The hospital," I reply loudly, "If we wait any longer, she'll die." With that, I hurried away from the roadside until I was at a spot they wouldn't see. Then, I used my wolf's speed to move us quickly to my car that was parked right in front of Trident company. 
When I got to the spot with the woman in my arms, my driver, Eric, gave me a concerned stare. "Boss?"
"Don't ask any questions, give me the car keys."
"B-but-"
"-Keys," I demanded, scaring him with my icy blue gaze.
He quickly dipped his hands in his pocket and handed me the keys. I snatched it from him and held the woman with an arm while I unlocked the car. I placed her in the passenger's seat and got into the driver's before speeding to the nearest hospital.
When I arrived at the hospital, the woman was taken in for treatment. Before I could catch a break from my concern, I was called over to fill out a form for the woman as her guardian and I was more than willing to because we had one thing in common. We were werewolves.
But that also made me uncomfortable. Just how long would it take until she saw the truth about me?
My destitute in feeling emotions. Also, I could not hear my wolf's voice. Or rather, it was blocked. That's how I'd lived over the years.
But it wasn't that bad because I had a therapist. His name was Grimm Antonio. He taught me basic human emotions and the characteristics most human interaction required, which was a sunny jovial expression. So that was what I did in most of the settings I found myself in. That was also how I made it to the top as the CEO of Trident company and maintained many relationships.
However, it wasn't enough to keep a sunny expression around this woman. Even though I deny it, she did give me a feeling I never thought existed before. What's more, she was a werewolf and a woman. She had more sensitivity than others. I had to learn how to behave around her so she didn't find out about my defect and blame me for it.
I slipped my phone out of my pocket and dialed the number of the one man I didn't save on my phone but always went to when I wasn't sure of people's feelings and reactions toward me.
"Hello, Klinn?"
He always knew it was me when I called, which I found slightly strange. He was a psychiatrist and a therapist, didn't he have better things to do than to answer my call in one ring? Also, did he save my number on his phone? How charming.
"Grimm Antonio, I may need a session from you this week, when are you free?"
"Whenever you are, Klinn. You know that." He said the last part in a quieter tone.
"Well then, I'll see you tomorrow at twelve noon, how does that sound?"
"Perfect." He answered. I was about to end the call when I heard his voice in the background. "Mikey, push back the appointment I have tomorrow at twelve pm."
"But sir, the client is-"
"-Shut it and just do as I say!"
I shook my head and ended the call.
"Sir," I looked up at the nurse that had just arrived.
"Yes?"
"Would you like to see your girlfriend? She's pretty livid about losing the baby, she says she wants to kill herself."
"Take me to her," I said hurriedly and the nurse led me down the hall.

###chapter FIVE - KLINN 
Isabelle's pov
When I woke up, I was surrounded by several monitors, and my wrist was attached to a drip. A forceful involuntary gasp escaped my lips as I felt life fill my lungs. Just as the realization of my being alive sank in, my hands instinctively went to my stomach. My eyes widened and a gasp escaped my lips as I remembered. I had jumped in front of a bus and gotten hit. I was pretty sure I'd be dead along with my child but that was clearly not the case right now. I had been rescued.
I shook my head. 
"No,"
This shouldn't have happened. The pain of losing my baby along with being rejected hit me at once which made me livid.
"No" I shake my head a little more vigorously before forcefully pulling the drip from my wrist.
As I sat up on the bed, the door opened revealing a round-faced woman in a nurse's suit. She flashed me a warm smile and walked towards me, "You're awake,"
I ignored her and stood on my feet, my eyes searching around the room for any sharp object.
I found a razor on the table and without hesitation, I grabbed it.
"Ma'am what are you-"
I was about to slash myself on the wrist when she grabbed my elbow and lightly tipped the razor off my fingers.
I was surprised as to how this human could keep up with my speed. I was a werewolf, I was stronger.
"What are you doing!" I yelled, my voice hoarse from how dry my throat was. My wolf was sleeping inside of me. She'd accepted my decision to take us and the baby to heaven, to the great moon goddess so it made sense I was weaker than normal, along with the anesthesia in my system.
"Ma'am, please rest. Don't do anything that would hurt your health even further."
Without hesitation, I wrapped my arms around the nurse's neck and she gasped in surprise as she dropped the blade.
"Don't get in my way," I warned. "I'm only doing what's supposed to be done,"
From the corner of my eyes, I saw another nurse appear by the door but she gasped and took off when she saw me. "You shouldn't have saved me." I spat out bitterly while the nurse in my grip gasped for air.
I let my grip around her neck linger for a while before I let her go. She fell to her knees and broke into a fit of coughs.
I gave her a final glance and picked up the blade from the floor. By a few cuts of this, I'll be able to end it all. The incessant suffering of longing for a love that was loyal and pure, the mother wound of ending my growing child's life. I exploded into tears. I was horrible. No wonder my life was this shitty.
As I lifted my left hand to cut myself, I felt a sudden shift in the room and the next thing I knew, I was being enveloped in a warm hug. The blade I was holding tugged past his shirt and the faint scent of blood hit me but the scent of his body that reminded me of the luxurious tusk in the woods was clearer. I remembered the scent. But the current situation I found myself in with him didn't make sense.
I tried to push him away but he held me closer, causing the blade in my hand to dig deeper into the skin underneath his chest.
My body instinctively started to calm under his touch and the longer we stood there, the more I felt like I was being renewed from the inside out. I swiftly felt his wolf's presence and this stirred my wolf awake.
"Klinn," my wolf whispered to me, "That's our mate's name."
My heart ached at the sound of the name and I loosened my grip on the blade and let it fall between us to the floor. 
"I'm glad you survived," His voice was like velvet, melting all my pain away and igniting a feeling in me that I didn't know existed. 
"Klin," I whispered as I just let him hold me in place.
Upon hearing me, he pulled away from the hug and looked at me. I swallowed, feeling sparks explode in my body as his icy blue eyes pierced into my soul. 
"How do you know my name?" He asked, his soft plump lips parted in shock.
Without knowing anything about him except for his name, I found myself falling in love with simple details like this about him. His expression the details in his light blue eyes that were icy when he seemed to be looking at me with such intensity. It was like his wolf was calling out to my soul, and soothing me that everything would be alright when he looked at me like that.
"Klinn," I found myself whispering again, my senses wrapped around the feeling of connection our mate bond gave me. I didn't know if it was just me, but
I leaned in and captured his lips into a kiss. Sparks flew and my stomach fluttered with butterflies. I closed my eyes and deepened the kiss, my hands instinctively wrapped on both sides of his neck softly, so intimately. 
At this moment, it felt like it was just us two until I heard a clearing of the throat which snapped me back to reality. I broke away from the kiss and removed my hands from the sides of his neck and shyly looked up to his intimidating but daring icy eyes.
I gently took a step back and turned to look at the nurses who had been watching us all along with a tinge of jealousy and embarrassment, I could tell by their increasing heart rates. But I was less bothered by their chalance behavior. What mattered to me was that my mate had found me. I must've been too emotional when we first met which was why I wrongly concluded that he was human. Perhaps he'd just needed time to adjust to meeting me.
 

###chapter SIX - REGRET 
Vivion's POV 
I knew it was her birthday, as a matter of fact, I knew days before but I felt she deserved nothing from me. It might have been a long time, but the pain of knowing she was once a whore and danced for men still lingered in my heart. 
She was meant to be mine, mine alone!
I had looked forward to the day I see her, longed for the comfort of her touch, knowing she would be mine. But not even the moon goddess could explain my feelings when I found out she enticed other men, impure, touched by someone else, someone I didn't even know so I could bask in the joy of strangling him with my bare hands. 
All my life, I thought my mate would be mine, as my father took everything I ever wanted. Growing up with the cruelness of never having something you call yours. 
'He wouldn't take my mate' I could bet on that. But no, she was already taken by someone else. 
The thoughts of it makes me sink my claws into my own flesh, she disgust me most times. I should hate her, but I can't, she's my mate. I try to rough handle her under the sheets, she deserves it but it hurts me too, so I stop. 
But what better way to make her feel the pain I feel than lay with another, waiting to get caught? 
I, of course heard her footsteps, smelt her perfume and that sweet scent a mate should have, her heels hitting against the floor while her heart beating faster as she neared the door. I must confess, I did feel guilty when she walked in through that door and called my name, seeing the pain in her eyes made it feel worse. 
Easily sliding out of the woman underneath me and watch her proudly exit the room, I walked up to my mate who couldn't even look me in the eye! 
I tried wiping her tears for it was painful to look at but she immediately stepped back. 
This was what I wanted I believe, to see pain across her face but she suddenly got the boldness to talk back at me instead of crying and begging me to stop. 
I turned slowly, uttering the words of rejection, this I believed would hurt her more. 
But my satisfaction was short lived when she accepted my rejection so easily, I was shocked and pain. Was I perhaps wrong to think she would fall on her knees and beg me to reverse it? 
My doubts were clear when I watched her turn around and slammed the door behind her. By the next morning, she was gone! What have I done? 
But no, I am an Alpha and will never submit to anyone, and definitely not a woman, she brought this upon herself by sleeping with those idiots, knowing fully well she would one day belong to someone and of all persons, me! 
It's been a month now since she left, maybe I went too far, I shouldn't have rejected her that way, maybe I shouldn't have let her leave. 
I clamor on my thoughts as I lay in bed, I should leave here, go somewhere where there's life. 
I sit up and walk into the shower and in no time I step out, I get dressed and head to my garage where my cars are parked. 
"Where would you like to go sir?" asked my driver as he bowed in my presence 
"Hand me the keys, I will be driving myself" I said to him
"But sir" 
"Keys now!"  I said, loosing my patience. 
I watched him as he fumbled with the keys out of his pocket before gently handling them to me. 
I grabbed it from his hand and proceeded to the driver's seat. 
Suddenly I hear footsteps and it didn't take long for me to realize who they belonged to, my guards. 
"Sir, we" 
"I will be going alone today" I nonchalantly said as I closed the door. 
My Beta, John, knocked on the glass widow. I sighed and lowered the glass down
"Sir, please let us follow you wherever you are heading." he said to me. 
"Are you trying to say I can't protect myself in time of need?" 
"No sir, that's not what I meant, I only mea"
"I am your Alpha John, you should be scared at what I can do, not what can happen to me. Move out of my way, or I run you all over" 
"My apologies sir" 
He said and quickly moved aside. 
I rolled up the widow and drove off. 
I drive into the road with no thoughts or plans of where I want to go, but I knew I definitely needed to leave that house. 
Isabelle, I never knew what she actually meant in my life. 
I drive by a popular spot of mine, and I waste no time in turning the car around recklessly and parked in front of the building. 
I alight the vehicle and toss the keys to a valet 
"Good evening sir, how would you like"
He started, but I didn't wait for him to finish as I walked past him. 
I walk into the bar and stare at the surroundings. 
I move towards the bar and take a seat. 
"Good evening sir, what would you like to be served?" 
Asked the bartender 
"Just give me the usual, make it stronger, I seem to be getting sober quicker than expected" 
"Of course sir" 
"Hand me the keys" I said to him
"Yes sir" 
I watched him step in and out of a room and handed me a customized looking key, the keys to my VIP guest room. 
"Bring the drinks to my room and see if you can add a dessert to it, she must be good looking to get me in the mood." 
"Yes sir!" 
I turned around and walked into the elevator and take myself to the last floor, getting to the door and only room on this floor, I place the key into it's hole and twist the knob. 
I have never felt so miserable as I do feel right now. 
I toss the key to the left and toss my jacket to the right. 
I take out my phone and dial my closest friend's line, Richard. 
"Vivion, how are you doing? You actually called, what's the occasion?" 
I hear his sarcastic voice over the phone, never has he been serious in his life. 
"She's not back Richie, it's been 4 weeks"
"Who!?"
"Who else? My mate" 
I throw myself on the bed and hold my hair. 
"Oh, ex mate you mean"
"Dont make things more complicated, I called cause I am currently a mess and drinks do nothing anymore, I fuck a lady and all I  see is her face, I was told I call her name in my sleep, I am losing my mind man!" 
"Now you regret it!? You rejected her Vivion, and you knew she had your baby!" I heard him say. 

###chapter SEVEN - ROSES AND LIQUOR 
"Tell me what to do, but begging is not an option, I am an Alpha!" I said with authority laced in my voice, and anger slowly built up in me as I heard him laugh over the phone. 
"Man, you indeed are an Alpha and of one of the greatest packs, you can't beg,you are not supposed to. 
Listen, wherever she is right now, she must be having it tough, take my word for it, 
A young pregnant girl trying to survive on her own? impossible! 
Give it time man, she will come around, you both were destined for each other"
I wouldn't lie, I feel better hearing those words from him, that's why I call him first. 
"Right? She will come back to me" I said to myself than to my friend
 
"But for how long? How long do I wait, before she returns? She's with my baby!" 
I said, feeling frustrated 
"Give it some months, a few more weeks, six months tops, she can't survive longer than that." 
I hear Richard speak over the phone. 
I felt relief wash over me
"I hope so, I hope she returns" 
I hear a knock on the door, and knowing fully well whom it may be. 
"Richie, we'll talk later, yeah?" 
"You have a guest?"  he asked 
I hear the knock again and respond to it
"Come in" I answered grudgingly 
The door slowly opens and my jaw nearly drops to the floor as this beauty stands beside the door. 
"Sir, your drink is here" her voice sounded so beautiful like a violin. 
"Richie, III will call you right back!" 
"You starting to sound like a fool, you have a chic there with you, right? here's who's wishing for his mate to return." 
I ignored him and cut the call then sat up on the bed. 
"I also ordered a desert" 
"You are looking at her sir" she smiled 
She wore a nice short and tight black glittery gown with the curves in the right places. 
Black wavy hair and a beautiful red plump lips. 
I smiled to myself, I guess I might not be as miserable as I thought 
"Get over here" I said. 
I watched her slowly walk up to where I sat with the tray of drinks in her hand. 
"Pour me a drink" I ordered 
I caught her smiling as she poured the drink into a glass,and then handed it over to me. 
I took it from her and took a sip. 
"What's your name?" I asked, at least if I was gonna fuck her, I should know her name. 
"Naomi" she responded 
I took another sip and smiled
"Get on your knees and do what you are here for, but first, come closer" 
I said signaling her with my index finger. 
I wanted to taste that sexy lips of hers before she puts it anywhere else. 
She took a step closer and leaned towards me, but I couldn't be patient anymore. 
I held her by the neck and kissed her till I had my fill. 
This was nice I thought, something I didn't really enjoy from Isabelle. 
Wait, why is she back in my head. 
"Get on your knees"
I said aggressively, trying to control my thoughts. 
She quickly got on her knees and slowly began to unzip and unbuckle my belt.
I took another sip before I felt her warm mouth on my member. 
Yes, nothing matters anymore, not even Isabelle. 
"Isabelle? I am Naomi sir" 
"What?" I asked 
"Yo..you called Isabelle, sir."
I did? When? 
"So? Does that give you the permission to stop?" 
"I am sorry" 
I felt her continue, but my head was elsewhere. 
I wondered if she had eaten, she needs to be strong for the child, right? 
She's a werewolf but a female, she needs care. 
'Ahhhhh' I scream in my head and nearly break the glass in my hand. 
"Get out!" I said to the lady pleasuring me. 
"Sir?" 
"I don't repeat myself, but I will cause you are quite the beautiful thing. I said GET OUT!" 
"But sir, I" 
"Do you wish to die, and by my hands? I will gladly rip you apart from inside out if you don't leave this room THIS INSTANT!" 
"I am so sorry sir" I heard her say before dashing out of the room. 
I fall back on the bed and take a deep breath. 
"Oh Isabelle, not even the most beautiful woman can satisfy me" I whispered to myself. 
I close my eyes and let my worries sink into nothingness as I drift to sleep. 
I awake to the sound of something buzzing, like a fly. But as I open my eyes and clear my senses, I hear the ringing better, it's my phone. Who is the idiot calling by this time of the night. I close my eyes and spread my arms around the bed searching for my phone. 
Finally, I find it and bring it closer to my face and slowly open my eyes. 
"John" I murmured angrily. 
And he has called seventeen times too. 
I watch the phone cut and ring again. 
"What? If you weren't my beta, I would have had your head rolling by now! 
What in the name of moons are you calling me by this time for? 
Has the pack been attacked?" I asked angrily once I answered the call. 
" My apologies my Alpha, but you have a meeting with the high members and you are late"
"High members? Have you all gone nuts? Who organizes a meeting in the middle of the night John!?" I spat angrily through the phone. 
"I am so sorry sir, but it's 9am in the morning on a Thursday sir. Tell me your location and I shall come pick you" 
"9am, Thursday morning?" 
"Of course sir" 
I had only closed my eyes for five minutes 
"What time is this meeting?" I asked, getting up and rubbing my eyes. 
" 8am sir"
"Move it up to 11am, and come pick me up at  the bar, Rose's and Liquor" 
"Yes sir" 
I cut the call and notice the time on my phone screen, it's indeed past 9am. I take a deep breath and toss the phone. 

 ###chapter EIGHT - VERA 
Minutes later, I hear a knock on the door. 
"Sir, It's John" 
"Come in" I said trying to seat up
I hear the door open and watched as John walked into the room, picked up my jacket from the other side of the room and stood by the bed
"The car is ready, sir" 
I slowly pull myself up from the bed, and place my hand on my head, it really hurts. 
The wine must have worked perfectly then. 
I try standing up, but slip back into the bed. 
"Don't touch me, I am fine!" I say to John who tried catching me and helping me up. 
"What's the meeting about today?" I asked my beta
"I have no idea sir, but it is said to be important." 
of course he wouldn't know. 
I fist my hand and shake my head to clear my eyes, then I get up again, and walk past John and out of the room. 
I step out and see the car parked with a few of my guards. 
I didn't say a word to them as I step into the car. 
"Take me to the mansion first, I need to freshen up" 
"Sir" 
I hear the driver respond, and I rest my head back and slowly drift back to my sleep. 
"We've arrived sir" 
The voice of a guard startled me up. 
I look at him angrily as I get down from the vehicle. 
Walking up to my door, I notice a figure I wish to never see, even in my dreams. 
"What is she doing here!? I asked once I felt my beta walk up to me. 
" She came looking for you last night sir, but once we said we didn't know your whereabouts, she insisted on waiting"
"Did you let her into my mansion?" 
"Not at all sir" 
"Good!" 
I walked up to the redhead standing beside my door who wore a green long gown and packed up her hair. 
She caught my eyes for a minute there. 
"Vera, what the hell are you doing at my
house at this time of the morning, don't you have better things to do than to wait for someone who doesn't even want to see you, and for hours at that?" 
"Viv, you are here, I wanted to see you. I came by last night but your guards won't even let me in. Where have yo" 
"And it's a good thing they didn't. Now get out!" I responded with venom in my mouth. 
"Viv, I have waited for you all night, the least you could do is offer me some water to drink" 
"Water, is that all you need?" 
"Viv, what have I done? I really like you and I try to show you in every single way possible, but all you do is shut me out. I know that I."      
  
"I don't like you Vera, I don't even want to perceive ur perfume or hear your name. 
Infact, you are not the type of lady I would even consider fucking, so get out of my house and go home. Tell your father I said 'Hi' while you at it" 
I cut her short as I was slowly getting frustrated 
Vera is the only daughter to the Alpha of Blood Moon Pack. 
She was betrothed to me before I met Isabelle, a marriage of convenience and nothing more. 
Blood Moon Pack was the strongest next to Avid Mars pack. 
It was the perfect union till I met Isabelle at the club that day. 
I won't lie, she does look stunning with such fiery hair, that's one thing that attracts me to her. 
Their fiery hair is where they get the name 'Blood Moon' in her pack. 
"But Viv I" 
" Make sure I don't see you here by the time I am out" I said as I walked in and shut the door. 
Proceeding to the stairs, I hear my beta speak. 
"But sir, don't you think you were a little harsh on her? Miss Vera had to sleep in her car last night sir. If you ask me, I really think she's into you. And there's nothing she really hopes to again as an Alpha female herself" 
"She wants to replace Isabelle, she dared to think that, so she shall face the consequences." I replied and took a step 
"Sir, you can't keep living like this. You barely eat and all you do is drink. 
You have to move on at some point" 
I stopped in my tracks at his words and turned to face him. 
" I never understood the importance of her existence in my life John, I messed it up. 
I couldn't handle the fact that some other bastard had laid with her even before I got to know of her existence."
I stared at him in the eyes 
"She was pregnant John" I said, nearly breaking down in tears. 
" I hope she returns sooner than later" I turned to proceed with the stairs and 
"But sir you rejected her, she might never be coming back."
"HOW DARE YOU!?" I spat without fully realizing I was holding my beta in the neck with my canines and claws out, one more move and I might just sink them in. 
I stared at my beta in the eyes, with mine bloodshot red. I felt my hand wrapping nice and tightly around his neck.
"I apologize, I was only trying to make out some sense."
I felt him losing his breath as he spoke. 
"You don't speak to me in such a manner John. You are getting chances you don't deserve."
I said with clenched teeth and my claws slowly sinking in. I could smell the fresh blood in the air and feel the warm liquid slide down my fingers and down to my hands. 
" I am sorry" He croaked and gasped. I slowly let go of my hands and tried to calm down. 
He might be stupid most times, but he is my beta. My eyes didn't change its color though as I took a step away from him. I watched him struggle for air as he coughed several times while holding his neck. 
" Pray you will be so lucky next time as you can't control your thoughts. 
Get that treated so it heals faster." I turned and left. 

###chapter NINE - EMOTIONS 
Klinn's POV 
I heard the nurses murmur and laugh but that wasn't what was in my head at this moment, this lady, this woman she she caused something in me to stir up. 
What is this feeling? 
Light butterflies spinning in my stomach and why would she kiss me? 
Who kisses someone out of the blue? 
"Excuse me for a moment, and please don't do anything stupid anymore"
I said and left the room, I needed to clear my head and think about what the hell I just felt!
I walk out of the hospital and outside, it was till bright in the day and the sun harsh, so I walk under a tree. 
"What the hell was that!?" I asked myself as I began to panic. 
"Why does her touch send feelings like electric waves to me and her kiss, her kiss is" I couldn't find the right words. 
How do I explain something I have never felt before? 
What adjective could I possibly use to describe thisIt..It must be in my head right? Or perhaps something new is happening to me. 
"Hey" I call a female nurse walking by
"Touch me" 
"Excuse me?" 
"No, just my hand, here touch my palm" 
"What?" 
"Quick, I need to confirm something, it's not what you think" 
She looked at me skeptically and slowly stretched her hands to touch my palm, but nothing happened. 
"Here, try my forehead" this time she didn't hesitate, but I still felt nothing. 
"Are you alright sir?" she asked, now a bit concerned about me. 
"I am fine, for a moment I thought I was dreaming and probably having a fever, I am good now." I smiled
"You should see the doctor" she said, feeling genuine concern for me. 
"Thank you" I told her and walked out. 
She's blonde, right? 
The lady who kissed me, I don't even remember her name. 
Perhaps it works only with blondes, I guess. 
I saw a blonde lady walk into the hospital and I quickly went after her. This time, I have to be more polite. 
"Excuse me miss, can I hold your hand for a second" she smiled like she had been waiting her whole life for this moment. 
"Sure!" she joyfully said. 
I held her hands, but I didn't feel anything special, of course I wouldn't kiss her too,just to confirm. 
Right now I felt forbidden to even touch a lady since I felt that woman's touch, but I need to be sure I am not going crazy. 
"Please place your hands on my forehead" 
I watched her smile and stretch her hands. 
"Nevermind, I am good" I said to her before she could touch me. 
"Thank you" I smiled and walked out. 
I wanted to ask this woman who she was to stir true emotions in me, so I headed back to the room, but before I could open the door, I felt my phone vibrate in my front pocket. 
I take it out to see who's calling, it's David, my PA. 
"Yes?" I answer the call
"Sir, everyone's been trying to reach you all morning, the meeting is about to start. 
"Cancel it" 
"But sir" 
"I own the damn company, so you do what I say, CANCEL IT!" 
"Yes sir" 
I cut the call and slip it back into my pocket and gently turn the door knob. 
I walk into the room and there she was, sleeping so peacefully like she didn't just try to kill herself some minutes ago. 
I smiled to myself. 
I drew a chair closer to the bed and sat as I watched her sleep. 
I carefully touch her hand so as not to wake her up, and there it was again, the tingles. 
Just who was this woman? 
"Who are you?" I whispered 
I feel drawn to her, I have this feeling of protection towards her, like I want to die protecting her, why? 
I gently move a strand of her hair from her face and tuck it behind her ear. And then she moves, maybe I shouldn't have done that. 
I wait but she doesn't wake up. 
"How do you know me, you called my name" I whispered again. 
No one addresses me by that name but by Mr Adams or Mr Ethan. Klinn was the name my mother gave me, only my therapist knows my full name, due to professional relationship. But this lady I only met few hours ago seems to know, how? 
I take a deep breath and stand up to leave, she must eat something when she wakes up. 
I step out and take my phone from my pocket to dial David's number again. 
It rings twice and he picks. 
"Sir" 
"Send the driver with the other car and some take outs" 
"Eric? He is not with you?" 
"Tell me he is in the office cause I left him there this morning before I rushed out. 
Find him and send him to Skylark Hospital this instant!" I said to him 
"Hos..hospital?" 
"I am glade you got the message" I said, about to hang the call
"Are you alright, what happened, what's going on?" I heard him ask concerned over the phone 
"I am good, it's someone else" 
"Oh, thank gracious" I heard him say
I smiled and cut the call. 
I turned back around and went back to the room, I couldn't leave her alone. 
Why these rare emotions for a woman I don't even know? 
As I was about to open the door, I felt my phone ring again. 
"What? I thought you got the message" 
"I just found Eric, he's asking what take outs he should get? "
Oh, that's true I forgot to mention what he should get, but what does she like to eat? 
"uhummm, maybe some soup? I don't know, anything that women like to eat?" 
"Womwomen sir!?"
"Uhmm, yes. Tell him to be fast" and I quickly cut the call. 
That felt awkward for me too I must confess. 
I turn back around and gently open the door. 
"You're awake!? " I said as soon as I saw her seated on the bed. 

###chapter TEN - THE LOST CHILD
Isabelle's POV 

I watched him awkwardly leave the room after giving me warnings of never trying to hurt myself again. 
I smiled 
But wait! Why did I kiss him that way? That was too fast, I went too far. 
No, I didn't, he is my mate, the moon goddess gave me a second chance at life, at happiness. 
He looks so handsome and smells so good too. 
I smiled 
I place my hand on my stomach and.. 
"Oh my god! My baby" 
"Ma'am, you should rest now, your boyfriend will be back anytime from now."
I looked at the nurse and felt speechless but slowly nodded. 
"Thank you" I said and got onto the bed. 
I watched the nurse apply the drip back on my hand, and checked on the bandages on me. 
"I will give you some drugs that will ease the pain and help you sleep" she said
"Ease my pain?" 
"Yes" she answered. 
The pain I presently feel is the one in my heart, I ended up killing my baby, I am a murderer! 
I felt tears build up in my eyes, as I continued to watch her. 
"You need to eat, and I am so sorry for your loss" 
"Thank you" I croaked as I tried to swallow the big lump in my chest. 
She smiled at me, turned and left the room. 
"My baby" I whispered while holding my belly. 
The tears finally streamed down my cheeks and I broke down in endless tears. 
The last time I cried this bad was when my pack got attacked and I lost my parents as they abandoned me to live with my aunty from a very little age. 
And when I was first touched by a man who wasn't my mate. 
But this feels worse than the two experiences put together. 
I feel empty and shattered, like I should have no reason to live for committing the worst crime on earth; Murder! 
Do I regret leaving Avid Mars pack, to be here? 
But Klinn, he can't be a mistake right. 
His blue eyes and beautiful face. 
Vivion did this to me, he rejected me, he hurt me. 
I had no other choice but to leave. 
And definitely not back to my aunt's place, she was going to curse me for the rest of her life. 
I had to go somewhere far, and start anew. 
Klinn found me, and saved me. 
Though maybe he shouldn't have as I regret just surviving alone. 
My baby is gone. 
I felt my chest contract in pain, I am an awful mother. I weep again and my breath, stressed. 
I should probably try to end my life again, I don't deserve to live. 
"Klinn" I whisper his name. 
He is my second chance, maybe this is for the best. 
I feel the drugs taking it's effect, as I suddenly feel very sleepy. 
I lay my head on the pillow and feel another stray tear across my nose and down to my temples. 
I hold my stomach tight and whisper my mate's name again before submitting to the dark calmness. 
I wake up with a slight pain around my stomach, I hold it tightly and groan in pain as I seat up. 
I hear whispers outside the door and I use my heightened senses to listen 
'Yes, and tell him to be fast' were the words I heard before the door opened. 
I could tell he was the one at the door by just listening to his heartbeat. 
I smiled through the mild pain I felt. 
He was still here, he stayed! 
"You're awake!?" were his first words, he was here before now, he watched me sleep? 
"Yes" I smiled
I watched him quickly drag the seat closer and sat beside me. 
"How do you feel, any pain?" 
He asked with so much concern. I could tell that just by his heartbeat, he was eager. 
"Slight, but I will be fine" I smiled again 
He watched me for a while and I felt nervous, I had to bring up something. 
"I am sorry I kissed you like that, I was just carried away by my emotions"  I apologized 
"Why are you apologizing, it was nice" and he smiled, for the first time I genuinely see him smile. And he liked the kiss 
"Just give me a heads up first next time" he said and I couldn't help but laugh.
"What's your name again?" he asked
That's strange, his wolf was meant to tell him, right? 
"Isabelle" I responded, not wanting to create anymore awkwardness. 
I heard him whisper my name right back and my heart jumped. 
"Isabelle, I have so many questions of 'hows' and 'whys' but I will save them for later, okay? You need rest. And food is on its way.
I couldn't ask because you were asleep, but what do you like to eat? Hope you don't mind though, I ordered anything" He said and my face lit up like a thousand bulbs. 
"Anything sounds great!" I said. 
He slowly stretched his hand towards my face, but he stopped mid way and retreats his hands back. 
'no no no no' I said within me
"You've been crying again, haven't you?" He asked, but I couldn't say anything. 
"I am so sorry for your loss Isabelle. But I don't understand, you are a werewolf, a female yes, but you can out run every single car in this city, why didn't you save yourself?" 
My eyes grew in shock, he knew I was a wolf? 
"You knew? How did you know I was a werewolf?" 
"I saw your beautiful eyes" he responded with a smile. 
"I didn't think you noticed" I said to him 
"I didn't know from the very beginning till I saw you leave" 
"How did you find me?" I asked
"I followed my instincts" 
I held my head low and smiled sadly 
"I couldn't save myself cause I didn't want to, I meant for it to happen. 
I waited and threw myself in front of the bus" I said with a tear down my cheeks, followed by another. 
"But why? I am so sorry, I promised no questions till you are better. 
I don't want you leaving my watch or hurting yourself as you will hurt me also. Understood?" 
I nodded and sobbed, I didn't want to be crying now but I couldn't help it. 
"it's okay, it's past now" 
He said as he held me gently in his arms. 

###chapter ELEVEN - THE MEETING 
Back at Avid Mars

Vivion's POV 

I freshened up and tried to eat something even when my appetite was as good as dead. 
I rush the eggs and sip the juice and I can't take it anymore! 
I seat up falling the chair down in the process and walking out. 
My Beta walks behind me with a concerned look, I of course didn't miss. 
I stepped out of my mansion and into the already parked vehicle waiting and ready for me. 
I hop in the back seat and my beta stays in the passenger seat with the driver. 
Every and any other guard, follows another vehicle. 
We arrive at the pack house and I walk straight into the hall where all the high members are already seated. 
"Let's do this fast, I am not in a good mood." I say to them as soon as I get seated. 
"Good morning Alpha, hope you had a splendid night?" spoke Derek, one of the pack members and the youngest. 
"Are we gathered here to talk about my night, Mr Derek?" 
"I was only trying to" 
"And I don't want to hear it." I coldly cut Derek short. 
"Alpha Vivion Mark of Avid Mars" and my attention was brought to yet another member, Henry. 
The one I wish I could get rid of, and the oldest one of us. 
"A true Alpha doesn't keep his subjects waiting, we've been waiting for 4 hours" he dared to say that? How this man crawls under my skin. 
"And so, what were you expecting, an apology?" I asked and noticed his eyes blink a few times. 
"What's the problem for today, I don't like to waste my time" I said feeling exhausted and wishing to run away. 
"The neighboring packs have been attacked by rogue werewolves" I listened to another member, Simon. 
"Not this again"I murmur as I press my temples and massage it a little while taking a deep breath. 
" And so? " I asked 
" We are not the ones being attacked, why is this a big deal? "
I asked again 
" The attacks are increasing Alpha, who knows if we might be next. Our families are at stake here. Something needs to be done" Simon continued
I watched the rest of the members nod their heads in agreement. 
"It's obvious you all want something, what is it?" I asked
" We want you to send orders to attack the rogues, in that way, we strike before they do. 
And we instill fear in them not to ever think of attacking our pack."
And I burst out laughing. 
"I haven't laughed this good in a while. You all want me to give orders to attack rogues outside of our pack to give a warning and instill fear in them? 
Are you all trying to say that we waste the lives of warriors to instill fear in rogues that probably already have the fear for this pack? 
Waste lives of warriors who could serve a better purpose for this pack?"
" It's only a suggestion" replied Derek 
"And a very stupid one at that. 
Have you all forgotten the pack you belong to? 
This isn't white moon pack, whose guards are down and defenseless. 
Do you really think anyone or thing can infiltrate this pack? 
Now listen to me you all, Avid Mars isn't some child's play, take a look around, no enemy has dared cross the line. I will not waste the lives of my soldiers because of some mere fear. 
They attacked other packs but ours still remains untouched and standing tall, and I think they know the reason more than you all here do. 
If you feel the defenses are wrong, you come up to me and we fix wherever you feel is wrong, and I will fill in your soldiers there. 
And if at the end of the day this pack gets attacked through your defense route, your family will be killed in your stead, cause I was convinced your defense was the best which cost the lives of others. 
So, who feels the defenses are wrong? Raise your hand as I do not have all day. "
I said, not that I had anywhere else to be other than sulking and drinking. I patiently waited for any idiots to raise his hand. 
" You all must think I am a fool not to know what to do. I have spies currently investigating the reasons behind these attacks. 
We get reasons why, how and find out their weakness before we attack, you fools. 
We don't just jump blindly and attack, waste lives just to instill a fear that might be lost after they pick up their courage once again. We finish it up once and for all that no one is left to threaten us anymore. 
You Plan, strategize, and not just jump in like headless chickens, or like fools taking a knife to a gunfight. 
This is the last time a lousy meeting such as this with a stupid reason will be organized and I will be called to attend. 
If you want to fight the rogues, send ur men, and leave my pack while you are at it. 
I protect this pack." I said, slowly losing my cool and breath. 
" Yes, but you couldn't protect your mate" whispered Nathan, another member, but I heard him loud and clear, and I finally lost it. 
"You wanna share something, Nathan?" I calmly asked 
"No Alpha" 
"But I really think you do, come on, say it out" I signaled my beta and he knew exactly what to do. 
"Talk to me Nath, I mean we all heard you, right?" 
I said looking at each and every one seated here. 
"Alpha he was only trying to say" Started Derek again. 
"QUIET! The last time I checked, you weren't Nathan" 
"I apologize my Alpha, it was a mistake. I didn't mean to sound so rude, I didn't know when it slipped out, I lost control, I apologize" Nathan began
 
"Get up and get here" I simply told him. 
I watched him slowly walk to where I sat and he knelt on his knees. 
" You dare say a word against my mate and me Nathan, let's see if you can control this? John!" 
As soon as I called John he drew a sword from it's shaft and tossed it towards me, I swiftly caught it and before all eyes could blink a second time, I slashed the sword across Nathan's neck, and his head fell right at my feet, with traces of blood around me and on my clothes. 
" Next time, the person won't be so lucky to die by a sword, and so righteously. This meeting is over!" I said and threw the sword away and walked out from the room leaving their Jaws hanging midair.

###chapter TWELVE - DISCHARGED
Isabelle's POV. 


It's been days and I was already feeling better but whenever I felt the pain of losing my child, I felt like ending mine alongside.
Even though it was a product of that cheater.
Sighed.
A cracking sound came from the door of the hospital room I still stayed in, and my head spun around to see who it was.
It was Klinn and he walked gradually toward me, sitting down on the bed right beside me.
Random thoughts ran through my eyes and I was lost staring right into his beautiful eyes, wanting to be his already.
"How long are you going to be this miserable?" I heard my wolf saying.
She had been this way for a long time now wanting for me to bend to her will but that was something that I could not grant her. Not especially when I was with him.
"I can see that you are getting better now." He noted, drawing closer to me and sitting down on the chair. 
"Yeah. I am getting better now." I agreed, drawing up from the bed.
"The doctor said that you will be discharged today. So after you have taken some rest, how do you say you join me to a bar? There is a lot that we would want to Know about each other right?"
For some moment, I could not get myself to spit out a single word from my mouth as I continued to stare at him.
Random thoughts ran through my head
"Could it be that he has noticed it all this while he was just trying to end it so for me to recover?" I thought. 
I was gradually burning up with suspense right in the inside of me as my heart raced faster.
Maybe he was going to give me some hint if I gave him some heads-up.
"You already know about it?" I Inquired. 
"Just take some rest now, we will be leaving soon." He finalized, getting up slowly from the bed and walking away from the room. 
A smile hovered on my lips as memories of the past flashed in my head.
Come to think of it, why would he be so nice in the first place if not for the mate bond? I was grateful now that the moon goddess had given me another essence in life when I thought that all my hopes were already gone.
"Just the perfect mate!" I smiled.
"I think that I should take over from this point, you don't want to blow up our good chances with him." I heard my wolf talking inside of me.
I knew that she was angry that I was going to be getting the whole fan too bad.
"You can always talk to his wolf if you feel bored." I teased.
"That is if his wolf isn't more slow-witted than he already is. Just give me the chance to hasten things up. You are being such a bore right now."
"I am sorry but I can't. And I am sure you know why." I stood my ground on the topic of discussion.
Hot air snoozed through my nostrils as the door parted open and looking forward, I noticed that it was the nurse.
"I can see that you are smiling today." She smiled at me.
She helped me sign all the documents that I needed to sign and afterward, she helped me down from my bed and put the last finishing touches.
"So your boyfriend will be here anytime soon. He went to the pharmacy to get the drugs that were prescribed for you." She explained to me and I was about to nod my head when I heard his voice from behind.
"I'm here already." I could pick out the expression that was hanging on his face even though I was not looking into his face.
"Just in time." The nurse smiled.
He walked over to me and when I didn't expect it, he took my hands.
I could feel the strange surge of electric current as he tightened his grip around my hands as though he wanted to feel more of it.
But then, he pulled his hands away, just when I was enjoying the touch of my second chance mate.
"Thanks, ma'am for taking good care of her." He appreciated the nurse. 
"The pleasure was mine." She smiled at me.
He turned around towards me and I could see the worried look written all over his face as though he was fighting with some strange emotion.
But as strange as it was, even though I was his mate, I could not feel even the slightest bit of it.
"Good at hiding his emotions from his mate isn't he?" My wolf whispered.
"Were you listening... Hello.." He waved his hands, snapping me off from my thoughts.
I walked beside him until we got outside to the car park. 
"This way." He pointed at a white luxury car at the far end of the car park.
My head spinned around in an eighty-degree motion to see if I was going to catch a glimpse of his driver or his assistant but it seemed as though he was the only one there.
"What about you assistant?" I could no longer help it but inquire. 
"David you mean. He is at the office since I have been really busy lately." He explained fitting the package in his hands into the car and opening the door.
I had met his P.A about twice while in the hospital, and his driver always brought the food. 
I also noticed their curious stares each time they came. 
And for the first time, I realized the pain that he had to go through wasting his time on me when it was all due to my reckless wish to end my life.
"Now someone else is suffering for it." I sighed.
We got into the car and I could not take my mind off him.
"I am sorry for causing you so much discomfort." I apologized to him.
"There is no need for an apology." He chuckled.
"That's the rule of nature. You get as much as you give. There are a lot of things that you can do for yourself. In that light, I have done nothing."
He pulled his head closer to me and I closed my eyes, ready for a kiss.
I was a little bit surprised when he held my hands tightly and sighed. A sigh that was deeper in meaning.
"There it is." I heard him talking but I was getting a little bit confused.
"What the heck is he talking about?" The thoughts rang in my head.

###chapter THIRTEEN - PLANS
Klinns's POV. 


I could see the expression of bewilderment on her face and I pulled my hands away from her almost immediately.
I didn't want it to seem as though I was some freak to her. 
Coughing slightly, I placed my hands on the car wheel and started the car engine while she searched for her words.
"Is there anything wrong? Or something that you wanted to ask for?" She inquired but I shook my head, trying to wade away her worries.
"Don't worry about that. You will have as much time to talk today." I replied.
I have a deep sigh looking forward while trying to concentrate on driving. I heard strange sounds as though she was trying to say something to me but when I turned around towards her, her lips weren't even moving.
"Are you okay? Were you trying to say something?"
"Oh. Didn't hear me? I thought you wanted to ask me about where I live or maybe you already know about that." Her hands swayed in the air while she fully mastered the speaking act.
For the first time, I realized my mistake, I parked the car and turned around slowly towards her.
"My bad." I said.
"Or you want to leave with me? To recover faster?" I saw myself saying.
"What are you saying Klinn?" I growled inside of me.
For some moments, it seemed as though I was out of control of my actions.
There was this strange bond that never really allowed me to think straight whenever I was this close to her.
My mind flashed to my therapist. I had to see him as soon as possible so that he was going to provide me with an explanation of my experience.
I wasn't able to go as planned the other day, it turns out being absent from work for a day and missing a board meeting could possibly crash your company. 
"Tomorrow would be a perfect day for that." I thought.
Staring at her eyes, I noticed that she was embarrassed by the suggestion I just gave to her and she pulled her face that had turned pink away from me.
"I guess that would be a NO then." I said quickly while starting the car again and heading into the road just ahead of us. 
"So where do you live again?" I inquired.
"Down street." She replied. "New Zealand estate number 22d." She replied to me and I sat on the trail.
While I continued to drive, the aura that emitted from her became much stronger as the minutes went by.
And soon, I realized that I was already gasping for breath and I couldn't wait for us to get to her estate as soon as possible so that I would be free from this burden.
We finally got to her estate and I drew a stop at her Suite but it didn't seem like any of us was ready to make the first move and get out of the car.
"So, we are here." I finally said when I could no longer bear the silence.
"Yeah. Have to say thanks a lot, I would not be alive if not for you." She appreciated me.
I tried to force through a smile but due to the burden, I barely knew how to do such. For the first time, I realized how much I had been lacking until she came along and opened up the mini gate to my heart. 
"She certainly needs to have some great supernatural powers to be able to do that and that is certainly what I am going to find out about tonight."
"My one-way ticket to be free from the curse and I certainly cannot misuse it."
"You don't have to thank me yet. See you tonight." I took my hands off the steering.
Her feet swayed away from the floor of the car down to the contract floors as she waved at me. 
Soon, she vanished into the gate and it was all gone.
Once again, I felt empty without a sense of direction. 
A slight sigh escaped from my lips as I returned to the steering and I began to drive back home gradually. 
But when I got to my mansion, I noticed something really strange there. There was a car obstructing me in the parking lot.
"Who could that be?" I thought.
Drawing off from the car where I sat, I shut the door closely behind me and I nosed over to the strange car that was on the premises.
Getting closer to it, I recognized it well now. It was the car of my PA, David. 
"But what could he be doing here? I never asked him to come."
"Good day, sir." He greeted me getting out of the car and without saying a word, he took the door keys from me and opened the door for me to walk in.
"What are you doing here?" I finally got the Chance to inquire when we got in.
He shot a stare at me, making my face twist into a sudden frown.
He straightened up immediately and brought out a few documents in the bag that he had been clutching onto all this while.
"It's the resume for the meeting." He tried to explain to me but I was somehow confused.
"Resume?" The words escaped from my mouth with a confused expression on my face.
"You don't remember sir? Your meeting with the stakeholders that you have been getting ready for a  month now sir, is tonight!" He announced and I gasped.
Due to my meetings with Isabelle, I had forgotten everything about it.
"Shit...What am I going to do now?" I exclaimed.
I thought about Isabelle. We made plans tonight, I can't make her think or believe I am someone so irresponsible. 
"Is there something wrong sir?" He inquired but right now, I was hardly listening to a word that he was saying.
"There is only one way to do it now." I thought.
I stared deeply at David with a strange look on my face that was enough to get him confused.
"I am sick." I said to him but I was sure he did not understand what I was talking about.
"I don't understand sir." He returned to me.
"I am sick and you are going there to represent me. That will do." I ventured but there was a worried look on his face. It wasn't going to be that easy.
"But sir. There is a problem." He replied.

###chapter FOURTEEN - DATE
Klinns's POV 


My eyebrows furrowed as I stared right into his eyes waiting for him to spit out the words in his mouth but he didn't seem to be ready to do that either.
"Are you going to give me a response or just keep on mopping at me?" I shot at him and at least, the words brought him back to his senses.
"I mean. It's the first meeting that you are having this year and it would be disrespectful to send someone in your stead. It would be better to cancel it." He ran his hands through his hair as he tendered an explanation.
"Then cancel it.
"But that isn't exactly what I meant sir..." 
"Not another word." I stopped.
"Look, David I am in a hurry and I have to get ready as soon as possible. It's my company and no one will tell me how to run it."
He shot a weird stare at me because he had never seen me that way before and I could feel his prickering stare behind me.
"If you wouldn't mind, it would be great if you pulled that jaw of yours together," I announced, walking towards the freezer and getting a bottle of water.
I sensed him shutting his lips immediately but I knew already that he was far from done with me.
"But sir. Why the sudden change? I have known you for a long time now and you have never been like this, work comes first before anything or anyone else." He explained to me. 
"Is it because of that lady at the hospital?" He spat and I paused.
For a moment, I was frozen right on the spot where I stood and I clutched my hands tightly.
"How dare you?" I quietly said to him, but I was far from calm. Advancing swiftly towards him, I held him tightly on his shirt and noticed the shock in his eyes. 
Realizing what I was doing, I quickly let go of him. 
"Never you say that again," I growled at him, letting him go, I walked away. 
Walking away from the living room,  I walked up my luxurious stairs into my room with a long face and fell face up on the bed.
For a while, I stared at the ceiling as a slight sigh escaped from my lips.
"What's happening to me?" I asked myself. 
Maybe he was ready to say that after all. Sometimes it felt as though I was running crazy.
"And this was the night that I was going to get all the answers that I needed from her." I thought.
I slept off right on the spot that I laid but luckily for me,  I already had the alarm set in case of anything such as this.
Immediately the alarm rang, I jerked off from the bed with a worried look hanging on my face.
My phone was at the other edge of the bed and I picked it up as soon as I could...
"Oh my God! I have just fifteen minutes to be at the venue." I panicked. 
I was so tired that I slept off and I had to say that I needed some of that rest until now.
My feet swayed away from the bed and I placed them on the floor.
I walked over to the shower, pouring the cold water all over my body and checking the time almost every single minute.
Getting off from the bathroom, I  got dressed as soon as I could. I could hear the wall clock ticking at the other end of the room and I turned around towards it swiftly.
"Luckily, I am not a lady." I chuckled seeing that I still had five more minutes, and to my relief.
I put the finishing touches and I got into the car.
I headed straight to her home, the place I dropped her. 
And just with the thoughts of driving there, there was something strange about the way I felt.
It was like a strange pulling that did want me to drop and it was as though driving was no longer of my own will even though I tried as much as I could to control it.
When I got to the doorstep of her house, I noticed that the door was closed and she wasn't anywhere close either.
"Where could she have gone to?" I thought again as I continued to search around to see if I was going to see her. 
Negative thoughts sprang up in my head almost immediately. "What if she had run away?" I thought but I pushed the thoughts away from my head almost immediately.
There was certainly no way that she could have run away. She didn't seem like someone that could do such a thing.
But a part of me still held firmly to it.
Just when I was frustrated and I wanted to go away, I heard footsteps from behind me and I turned only for my eyes to meet with the most stunning lady that I had seen all my life.
She wore a milk-flowered gown and held her shoes in her hands.
"Did she run from somewhere or someone?" I thought. 
I returned my gaze to her face and I could see that she felt a little bit embarrassed that I was checking her out, but I didn't mind.
"You look beautiful." I complimented her, and her lips broke into a smile. 
"You did not have to go through the extreme to compliment me. I know that I am not." She replied.
At the words, I made a face at her until she was forced to pull her face away from me.
"Well. I guess that you are right.  I did underrate your cause for the rare gem that you are, the words are supposed to be stunning." I corrected it.
She smiled "You don't look bad yourself." She replied to me, as it was obvious she was trying as hard as she could to end the conversation and I decided to help her do that.
I motioned for the car, and she got into it and I rode to a restaurant. The ride was another silent one and when we finally got to the restaurant, she was in awe.
"It looks beautiful." I heard her saying.
"And I am really glad that you like it," I replied.
It was a ticketed restaurant and I already reserved seats for us. Leading her over to the place, she placed some orders but ended up staring at each other.
I wanted to say something but it turned out that she made the first move.
"There is something that you wanted to inform me about right?" There was so much anticipation in her eyes.

###chapter FIFTEEN - REASONS
Isabelle's POV


I was so nervous that I could not wait to feel his touch and for him to mark me as his mate.
His smile. Everything revealed it. And now, I believed that this was the moment of truth when all my grief of the past would finally be rolled away forever.
I anticipated his questions, but he didn't seem to be ready just yet.
"Let's eat." He finalized.
Thoughts of the fact that he was going to be this slow-witted throughout our mate's years crossed my mind
Or what if he never got to say it? "Too shy?" I thought again.
But right from the very first time that we met, he never possessed the attributes of someone shy.
Or he was just trying to hide it?
If that was the case, I was going to make things easier for him because my wolf was already growling deep down in me.
I drew a really deep breath at what it was that I was about to do.
First, I went down to my meal and I ate slowly, forcing all the forces within him to me.
"So about the fact that you didn't try to outrun the truck that day. I have been meaning to ask you, was it because you didn't get the job that day." He inquired and I had to pause eating for a while. That was it? The question? 
Well this was my perfect chance to make him acknowledge it. Mate. 
"If that was the reason, then I would be the most stupid to attempt to end my own life. There are a thousand and one opportunities for me to get a job in the city right?" I flung the question back at him and I could see the acknowledgment in his eyes.
"You are right to my relief. He ended up saying.
"Then what was it that could push it to such an extreme?" He inquired.
"It's more like a pain in the heart. You know when someone you have this thing with decides to ignore you and pretend as though you never exist? That's what pushed me.." I replied, staring right into his eyes to see the expression on his face but it was rather neutral.
"How slow-witted could he be?" I thought again.
"Okay... That must have been terrible... So you had a boyfriend and he broke up with you?" He Inquired and my eyes brightened even though that was not the response that I was expecting from him. 
"Does he know that I had a mate before?" I questioned myself. 
With every single minute that I spent talking with him, it only seemed to be getting me more into this strange puzzle.
"I guess so.."
"But then why did you kiss me back then." He said touching his lips as though he could still feel a bit down there.
Now, I am very confused. What did he mean by what he just said? Or was he just trying to play a joke?
"You don't know?" I inquired further.
"You are the one that kissed me so how am I supposed to know why? Do I look like him?" He inquired. 
"Like who?"
"Your ex." He replied.
I hated the fact that he was always bringing Vivion into our discussion.
And even though I had already promised myself that I was certainly going to move on from him, I could still feel the pain of the rejection.
"Can we stop talking about that?" I said getting heated up and he nodded his head.
I discovered that there was little to know about him or just what he wanted me to know about him.
"Maybe there was another way around." I thought. 
"Think Isabelle, think," I growled, hitting my head intensely, then a sudden thought struck me.
"It's time to get drunk," I said to myself with a dark smile hanging on my face
"What's that smile on your face for?" He Inquired.
"Can I get more wine?"
"Yeah, sure." He replied.
Turning his head slightly in the opposite direction, he beckoned to the waiter who was standing at the far end of the wall and ordered two glasses of wine for both of us.
I was not used to drinking but I was going to do it this time all for him.
"It was a little bit sour and slightly acidic and I had to close my eyes, gulping it down my throat.
His laughter-like echoes fluttered into my ear and I opened my eyes swiftly and made a face at him.
"Is this your first time taking something so strong? Or did you order it because of me?" He smirked.
"Don't be silly.." The words were about to force themselves out of my mouth but I gulped them down quickly.
Even though we were mates, it was still a fact that we barely knew each other.
"Well, I used to take such but it's been a long time. And now that I think of it, I want more." I heard myself saying, swinging my hands in the air as he helped them down.
"Slow down, will you? You are going to pass out." I Heard him saying 
"I can't pass out. Just trust me." I replied but he refused.
But after insisting, he gave up but was laughing after two more glasses and I was already floating in the air.
"I told you." He chuckled. "I guess that we have to leave."
Coming over to me, he assisted me off from my seat while it felt as though I was floating in the air, spitting out rubbish from my mouth.
We finally got outside and he was able to get me into the car successfully.
"I will take you home now. Just hold on for a while."
"I don't want to go home," I replied in a really slow motion that my speech felt like it lasted for minutes.
"You don't want to go home? Why?"
"The landlord said that the area is not safe anymore. There have been three cases of theft this week. And just before you came in, I almost became a victim."
"Oh my, that is serious."
"That means that you can't go back there in this State."
"But where do you intend to stay now?"
"Are you homeless?" The Words flew out from my drunk lips before I could get them back.

###chapter SIXTEEN - DRUNK
Klinns's POV. 


If someone else had said that, the beast inside of me could have been released immediately but this time the case was different and I didn't even know why.
She was so drunk but even with the rubbish that she was spitting out from her mouth, she still looked cute.
But then, joining me home sounded somehow weird! 
A slight sigh escaped from my lips as my head broke into a nod.
"If that is what you want, so be it." 
I could see the smile that was hanging on her face but I pushed the thoughts away from my head almost immediately.
I was only seeing things that were never there. 
Drawing another deep breath, I placed my hands on the steering and drove gradually back home.
When we finally got to my place, I let out a sigh of relief.
"We are here now," I announced to the person who was sitting behind me.
But there was no response. I admitted that I totally forgot that she was drunk at first but the sound that I heard behind me was somehow strange.
"More like a snore." The sound re-echoed in my head. 
Turning around slowly, I noticed that she was snoring hard this time.
"Shit!" I exclaimed.
I drew off from the car and walked gradually towards her. Pulling her away from the car, she staggered a little and made her way to my waist.
I could see tears in her eyes and I knew that it was from the excessive drinking. 
"Please don't push me away. Don't reject me." She pleaded right from the depths of her heart.
"You are drunk aren't you?" I replied to her.
I held her hands tightly and pulled her away. We still had a long way to go before we got to the guest room.
Her head was directly on my chest and I could feel a really strange sensation from it.
I could not understand it since all of this was a new development. But I could explain the fact that my heart was pounding hard against her head as though it was going to burst through.
The rate of my heart beating rose steeply by the minute until I was forced to pull her head away from it when I could no longer stand It and I was already gasping for breath like someone was in a race.
Successfully, I dragged her away to the guest room and I placed her on the bed.
She was sweaty so I had to whip the sweat off from her face that was as smooth as silk.
I had to affirm that she was really beautiful and I could not take my face away from her for a long time.
"Snap out of it, Klinn." My subconsciousness yelled out from the inside of me and I pulled my eyes away from her swiftly.
"What's happening to me?" I thought in my head as I walked away slowly to the main room.
I fell face up on the bed with my heart beating hard against my chest.
The whole atmosphere of the house seemed to have changed already due to the aura that was emitting from her.
After today, I didn't learn much but I was such that after I meet with the therapist tomorrow, I would certainly be able to fit bits and pieces together and get a hint about what was going on.
I closed my eyes, my head firmly on my pillow but it was really difficult for me to fall asleep as I kept rolling on the bed.
I woke up the next morning aching all over.   I didn't realize when I even fell asleep.
I rose from the bed swiftly and got into something suitable. I had to go and see her as soon as possible and see if she had a good night's rest.
When I walked towards the room, I noticed that it was already open from afar and my eyes were widened.
"Could it be that she was already awake?" I thought.
I drew closer to the room and I noticed that something really strange was going on. 
She was sniffing her body as though her life depended on it, getting me confused as to what was going on. 
I wanted to walk in there and inquire if she was looking for something since I already knew that she was a werewolf but my instincts drew me back from doing this.
"Just wait a  moment." I felt myself saying. 
I stood on the spot waiting for what was gonna happen next. She continued sniffing and after a while, she paused.
Her face first flushed with so much anger and after a while, it flushed into grief.
I stared at her closely and I noticed that strands of tears were already escaping from her eyes.
I could also feel the sad sensation which was strange. As though I was sharing in her pains even though I knew absolutely nothing about it. 
"Maybe it's just because I am already way too attached to her?" I thought again.
There was no need for me to keep standing at the spot since I had already seen what I wanted to see.
I drew over to her and for a moment, she didn't even know that there was someone in the room until I came close enough to touch her on her shoulders.
Her head pushed upwards and our eyes locked.
"What's wrong?" I inquired that the words seemed to stir up all the emotions that were buried deep down inside her.
Her face was suddenly flushed with so much anger and grief that I was taken aback.
"How long are you going to keep torturing me? What have I done to deserve it from you?" She Inquired but I was really confused.
"Did I offend you?" I inquired.
"You still deny it? I thought that you were different from the former one but thinking about it closely. I think that all of you are the same."
For a while, I was really confused staring at her.
"Are you really for real right now?"  I muttered.

###chapter 17: ANOTHER GOOD PERSON 
Isabelle's POV 
"Are you really for real right now?" 
His deep masculine voice pierced through my ears like sweet music, but this time, it brought pain to my heart. I stared at his expression, feeling a pang in my heart.
Why was he acting like he knew nothing?
Was this his way of rejecting me?
The buckets of tears in which I had tried so hard to mask raced down my cheeks, falling onto the cold marble floor. 
"Do you really not acknowledge me, Kinn?" I asked, my voice beginning to choke as I stared at him, pain shone in my eyes. 
He was quiet, he looked confused. 
I smiled painfully, wiping the tears that had stained my cheeks with the long sleeve of the shirt in which I was wearing. Must be his, I thought as I could smell his scent on it. 
"Kinn confused, Masking emotions." I heard my wolf say in the back of my mind, but it did not matter. I was done getting hurt, I was tired of the rejection. 
"Tell me you want me out of your life, Kinn...reject me to my face." I demanded, the pain evident in my voice which had turn into whispers.
He stood to his feet, fisting his hands into his thin strands of dirty blonde hair. I didn't know what it is he felt, but I had given up. 
Slowly standing to my feet, my gaze rested onto his back which was turned to me. 
"Fine!" I said, giving up completely. 
""I I Isabelle Anderson, rejects you Klinn Ethan Adams as my mate!" 
I said with a stung of pain in my heart. 
I felt like crumbling down after the words of rejection left my mouth. 
"It was nice knowing you Klinn" I whispered to him. 
Smiling painfully, I took slow and steady steps towards the door, pulling it open and walking out.
Alighting the stares, I was met with the P.A, David whom had been dressed in a black suit, a white shirt that had been tucked under the black pants of the suit, and a red tie that hung from his neck. He stared at me, confusion edged on his brows at my state.
"Ma'am?" I heard him call out through my muddled mind, but I had ignored him. I did not have the strength to talk to anyone. 
Walking out of the gate which was not hard to unlock, I walked aimlessly in the streets of the city, my feet grazing pass the cobblestones. The chattering sound of the bustling city, the sound of cars honking and the feet of people thumping the ground faintly pierced through my ears, but all I had noticed was how shattered my heart was. 
The aroma of freshly baked bread wafted in the air, hitting my nostrils, and it made me realize I was hungry. I had not gotten a job, and I had no money. Everything needed an exchange, this was something I understood since I came to the human realm. Clutching onto my empty stomach, my gaze subconsciously shifted to the shop at the side. My mouth watered as I sighted the many pastries that had been put out in a show glass to advertise.
"Hungry." I heard my wolf say in my head.
"You didn't need to tell me that." I replied, rolling my eyes.
"Go and get us some food." It ordered and I snickered.
"Do you perhaps have money? Or do you want to spend your time in the human dungeon." 
And it went silent.
Continuing to walk, I had reached a cafe. Staring at the sign board, I took a deep breath before pushing the glass door open, walking in.
All heads turned to me, and I lowered my head as I walked towards the counter. I wasn't so weak, and I had never cowered under anyone's gaze except for Vivon, but I wasn't in my territory anymore, this was the human realm.
"Could I speak with the owner?" My hoarse voice came out, my eyes resting onto the human who stood behind the counter. 
I saw her brown eyes scan me for a fleeting second before it went back to the task she had been doing.
"I was wondering if I could see the owner?" I asked, my voice laced with frustration as my eyes held a plea, but she had not even looked my direction.
"No." Came her curt reply, not glancing at me for even a second. 
I bit my lips, feeling the strong taste of iron fill my mouth. 
I felt frustrated.
"Please. I actually saw the sign that had been hung up outside the shop. it says it's hiring?" I said, my eyes darting around as I clutched the hem of the shirt in which I was wearing.
"Miss..." She tried to say, but had been interrupted by a masculine voice.
"What's the issue here?" I heard the man say as I whipped my head to the side, my eyes resting onto a chubby old man. 
His eyes swept over the lady across the counter, and then to me, finally resting onto my face. 
"I saw the shop was hiring, and I was thinking if the offer was still open." I said hesitantly. 
Contrary to what I had expected, he smiled warmly at me.
"It is very much open, dear. Come with me." He said, leading me to the office which was located at the back of the shop.
We soon reached in front of a door in which he pushed open, leading me in. 
"What is your name, child?" His asked, his calm gaze resting onto me as he sat on the chair behind his desk.
"Isabelle."  I said, not finding and ounce of danger radiate from him.
"I'm assuming you can make coffee?" He asked, and I nodded. Of course, I thought. I occasionally would run an errand for the men at the club I used to work in, so I did learn to make coffee. Thinking about the club, my thoughts wandered to how Vivon might be doing, or Kinn. The moon goddess sure had a way of torturing me...for sins I do not remember committing. 
"You can take the job then." I heard the old man say, cutting through my thoughts.
"Hungry." My wolf reminded me again 
"Shut up right now." I ordered through the mind link.
"You should get some food before resuming." the man said, bringing me back to reality, and I smiled thankfully.
" Another good person." I heard my wolf say after seconds of being silent.
Indeed, I agreed...he was another good person I had met since my stay in the human realm, aside from Klinn.

###chapter 18: SOUL MATE?
Kinn's POV.... 

"Do you not acknowledge me, Kinn?" I heard her say, with a pain evident in her voice that had began to crack. My heart clenched beneath my chest as I stared at her, her cheeks stained with tears.
I was trying to understand, wracking my brain for answers.
Was I forgetting something?
"Tell me you want me out of your life, Kinn...reject me to my face." her voice  came again. and by this time I had risen to my feet. 
Fisting my hand into my hair, I clutched it tightly as if to rip it from my head, to get the answers or clues to what I was missing. The pain in my chest multiplied as I tried to understand her words. The very words that finally shook me. 
"I Isabelle Anderson, rejects you Klinn Ethan Adams as my mate" 
MATE!? 
Wh.. What I didn't understand what she meant by Mate? 
My ears caught her movement, she had risen to her feet. I heard her slow and steady steps until it faded. 
I stood frozen to the spot, had she left?
Why?
Crouching down, I clutched my chest tightly as the pain had become unbearable. I could feel the wetness in the corners of my eyes as I tried to breathe. What was the feeling? rejection? 
Whatever it was, I fought to overcome it. 
Finally pulling myself together, I stood to my feet, running out of the room intending to stop her from leaving. I couldn't let her just leave like that? I felt  a pit in my stomach as I thought of the dangers that lurked in the streets. Even if she was a werewolf, it could not assure her safety, or her safety for herself. 
She jumped in front of a bus for God's sake, what if she does worse? 
Alighting the stares hurriedly, I was met with David who stood frozen to a spot, staring at the entrance.
"Sir." He called out, jolting out of his reverie by my footsteps that thumped the floor.
"You have a meeting in an hour." He began, but I cut him off as I walked pass him, waving my hand in the air in dismissal.
"Cancel my schedule for today." I said, my voice laced with determination, I was going to bring her back! 
"S..sir?" I heard him ask as he walked hurriedly behind me, uncertainty creeping it's way up his face.
 "Cancel it!" I repeated, and by this time I had reached my car. 
Staring at David with a grave expression, I got into the car, starting the engine and driving out. 
I drove along the streets, my head whipping back and forth from left to right, but I had not caught a glimpse of her. 
Stopping the car, I clutched the steering wheel hard, and I could feel my knuckles turn white. It was my fault. I had still hurt her even if I honestly didn't know what she had been talking about. Resting my head face down on the steering wheel, my eyes rested onto the floor, seemingly staring at it, but my thoughts had traveled.  
Taking a deep breath, I dialed the one person whom could help me...Grimm Antonio. 
He answered on the third ring.
"Hello?" His voice reverberated from the other end, piercing through my ear.
"Can I have a session with you right now?" I asked, my voice barely audible.
"Right now?" I heard him ask, sounding unsure.
"Right now." I affirmed, and there was silence on the other end. Taking the silence for a yes, I ended the call. 
Starting the car, I drove off to Grimm's office muddle headed. 
...
"How do you feel, Kinn?" I heard Grimm ask, and my head raised to stare at him 
"Weird." I replied curtly. All the feelings I felt all were foreign to me. I had tried to understand Isabelle, but it felt as though I was missing something. It felt like there were some part of myself that I do not feel...like a part of me was dormant.
"Mhmm." Grimm hummed, nodding his head in understanding and I turned to look at him again. by this time he had began to stroke his chin seemingly in thought. 
"You feel as though something is missing?" he asked, his green eyes resting onto my face and I nodded
"Since when had you begun to feel this void?" 
"Ever since I met her." I replied, my eyes shone unfathomable emotions.
"So it's a woman then." I heard Grimm mutter to himself, and although he had said it under his breath, I had caught it very lucid.
"She makes you feel emotions you have never felt, am I right?" Grimm asked again as he scribbled something onto the book that rested on his desk.
My eyes darted to his moving hand, not answering the question, and his eyes that were on the notebook shifted to me.
"Yes." I replied, not knowing where the conversation was heading. 
"Have you perhaps held her, touched her? 
I mean skin contact?" 
"Yes?" I answered again, trying to get his point 
"Did you feel anything?" 
" Well, that's one thing that confused me for a while you see, I thought it was all in my head" 
Finally, we were starting to connect 
"What did it feel like?" he asked again 
"Like tingles, but in a nice warm way. Something you would always want to feel. 
This happens only when I touch her and only her, believe me, I have tried it."
"If I were to be a soothsayer, I would deduce the mysterious woman to be your soulmate." Grimm said pulling his glasses away from in between his nose like he had solved one big puzzle. He chuckled wearily and I stared at him with the same expression... deadpan! 
"Okay, Okay...jokes apart..." Grimm said, raising both hands in the air seemingly to surrender, but his expression was contradicting.
His lips curled into a smirk as he stared at me.
He adjusted the little strands of his gray hair that had come loose from the bun he always packed each time I met with him, behind his ear and some brushed back up in place. 
His gaze soon turned serious, the atmosphere in the room dropping by a few degrees. 
A knock on the door pierced through my ears, cutting into the glaciers that had enveloped the room. And just then, a lady could be seen walking in. She was dressed in a casual flair dress that had been buried under the white coat she had worn. Pushing her round glasses up the bridge of her nose, her amber eyes rested onto me, before moving to stare at Grimm who stared questioningly at her. 
Clearing her throat, she said...
"You are needed Sir." 
Grimm nodded, and turning to me, he said...
"We will reschedule this session." 
And with that, he left with the Lady who looked to me like a doctor. 
I sat, my thoughts wandering to what Grimm had said earlier. Could it be?
Was it the reason she had the ability to spike me?
Massaging the space between my brows, Grimm's words repeated in my mind...
"Soulmate?

###chapter 19: A liar and a sadist
Isabelle's POV 
The first rays of the morning peeked through the window, casting a soft glow on me as i laid on the small mattress. 
I tossed and turned, intending to escape the wrath of the morning sun, but I had failed miserably. Feeling frustrated, my lashes slowly fluttered open, staring up at the ceiling, it had not looked like the ones in Avid mars. The sheets brushing against my skin also did not feel familiar. Yesterday, I had gotten Mr Morgan's help, he had offered me a job, and a small room to sleep in, which I was thankful for as I had nowhere to go. 
My rent was due in a weeks time. My heart tugged painfully at the memory from yesterday where I had rejected him. Sighing deeply, I rolled off the bed, my dainty feet resting onto the worn out wooden floor, making it creak. 
Making the bed, I headed for the small bathroom where I freshened up, changing from Kinn's clothes in which I had been wearing yesterday. 
And finally tying my hair up into a messy bun, I headed to the cafe.
...
I stood behind the counter, my eyes looking lifeless from fatigue. With my head resting on my arm, my eyes lay closed. 
I slowly sank into unconsciousness. 
I could feel my hair clung to my skin and I take a deep breath. 
I feel soo exhausted.
I hear footsteps that thumped the wooden floor and reverberated throughout the empty cafe, piercing into my ears and snapping me out of my short but beautiful siesta. A man had walked in. He was clad in a casual long sleeve pink shirt and black pants, something a normal guy would not wear.
"Strange", I thought 
Walking steadily towards a table, he pulled out   a  chair in which he sat gracefully. He was actually the first customer for the afternoon as many people had gone to work after buying their morning coffee...the cafe was mostly filled in the morning.
Dragging my feet unwillingly on the wooden floor, I made my way towards where he sat, going through the menu. 
.. 
I walked towards the man that had entered the cafe, my heart thumping in anger. I had not gotten a wink of sleep last night as I just couldn't get my thoughts off what was to come. It wasn't the stranger's fault, but he still had to cut my nap short, which was his offense. 
"What would you like, Sir?" I asked the human, a fake smile creeping its way up my face. 
And he stared at me, his grey eyes meeting mine. 
"Starbucks' Caramel Macchiato." His deep masculine voice pierced through my ears, and I was sure it could make any girl fall in love, but I was an exception as it only made me more sleepy. 
"A cup." He added, winking seductively at me, and my face contoured in disgust at his crude behavior.
"Anything else?" I asked, continuing to fake my smile.
"That would be all." He said, waving his hand, motioning for me to leave. 
How cocky, I thought, snickering as I dragged myself lazily towards the counter where I had brewed the coffee. 
"Lowly human." I heard my wolf say, and I could spot the disgust in its voice.
Finally done, I made my way to his table, placing it in front of him, all the while, his eyes watching me.
Turning around, I had been about to leave, but was halted by his voice.
"Please sit with me." He said, and I turned to look at him, my brows raising into a question. 
"Excuse me?" I asked
"Sit with me." He repeated and I rolled my eyes. What exactly did he think of the cafe? Or me?
"It's not what you think, miss...I just need someone to talk to." He said, and I nodded. Mr Morgan did say to treat the customers right, so I guess he wouldn't mind me giving someone a therapy session, I thought, as I chuckled in my head.
Pulling out a chair, I sat opposite the weird guy in pink, and by this time he had taken a sip from his cup of coffee.
"You see, my girlfriend broke up with me, and I was wondering if you could help me." He said, his eyes resting onto me, and I stared wearily at him.
"What kind of help are you asking for exactly?" I asked, my eyes staring suspiciously at him.
I heard him chuckle as he stared at me amusingly. 
"I was wondering if you could...mend my heart?" he said, his gaze getting mischievous, and an alarm went off in my head.
What exactly did he want?
"Liar." My wolf warned, and I bit my lip.
"Alex." I heard a third voice call out behind us. 
Whipping my head to the direction in which the feminine voice came, I was met with a black haired lady who had been dressed in a fitted red off shoulder gown that accentuated her curves. Her hair had been tied into a bun, showing off her long neck of white skin, where a little pendant had been hung, resting onto her chest. 
Standing up abruptly, I watched as she walked towards the table, her piercing gaze sweeping over me.
She must be his wife, or probably his girlfriend, I thought as I stared at her. 
Her gaze shifted to the man who sat leisurely, sipping from his cup.
"And what might you be doing here?" She asked, and he just stared lazily at her without answering. 
"Excuse me." I said, intending to leave but was halted again. 
"Not yet...is this how you serve your customers?" I heard her ask, and I turned back to look at her. 
"Sorry, ma'am... what would you like to have?" I asked, faking my smile again. This felt tiring already. 
"Poison." She said, her gaze resting onto my face, and I felt the urge to gauge her eyes off. 
"We don't have that on the menu, ma'am."  I said, trying to sound polite, but the fake smile faltered when she said...
"Oh, the poison isn't for me." 
"It is for someone who is trying to steal from me." She said, smiling at me, but I could see the hostility in her eyes.
My guess?
She was an overprotective girlfriend.
They actually did fit each other as I stared at them.
A liar, and a sadist.

###chapter 20: PREGNANT?
Vera's POV. 
The light from the open window hit my face, making me want to get way. The day had dawned, and I was sure it was going to be another boring day of my days in the Blood moon pack. I rolled on the bed, feeling the furry white duvet brush my skin. I sighed deeply, sitting up on the bed. Rubbing my bleary eyes, I scanned the room, my eyes resting onto the door. I could here the chatter from downstairs, and it made me wonder what they were up to. 
Rolling off the bed, I felt the cold floor under my feet, making me shiver involuntarily. 
Heading to the bathroom, I sunk myself into the hot bath that had been prepared for me. 
Resting my head backwards on the white tub, I closed my eyes, savoring the sweet scent of lavender. 
And then a memory flashed behind my closed eyes. 
***
"I love you, Vivon." I said, staring at the man in front of me who continued to sip from the glass of wine he was holding, not paying any attention to me.
"I love you, Vivon." I repeated, my eyes beginning to sting with tears, but he did not even spare me a glance. 
Gulping down the wine in his hand, he stood to his feet from the date I had prepared, dusting his pants and walking away. I watched his back fade, the tears that had been clouding my vision beginning to pour. Why had he continued to hurt me like this, I asked myself as I let the tears pour. We had been betrothed before that slut came into the picture. We were okay, and Vivon had loved me. I stared at the direction in which he had left, my nails digging into my palm, the faint scent of blood filling my nostrils.
"Find someone else." I heard my wolf say in my head, and the anger I felt only multiplied at it's words.
"Shut up unless you want me to shut you up." I threatened, but it had only provoked me more. 
"He is not for you." My wolf said again, and by this time I had began to grit my teeth. 
 
"Shut up!" I yelled, and I had noticed all heads turn to my table, the humans giving me awkward stares, but I did not care. The lowly humans were the least of my concerns.
...
Coming back to the present, the bath had began to turn cold. Getting out, I wrapped myself in a bathrobe and headed back to my room where I had dried my hair.  Getting dressed in a casual floral dress, I had been brushing my hair when a knock pierced through my ears.  
"Come in." I said, not bothering to look at the door. It creaked open after I had heard it click, a lady walking in.
I rolled my eyes at who it was...Mildred, she was my personal maid, a lowly Omega.
She was clad in a sunset yellow maid uniform, her hair tied into a bun. 
Her eyes rested onto the floor, not wanting to meet my gaze.
"Scion." She called out continuing to bow, and I felt my lips curl up in satisfaction. Exactly how an omega should behave. Looked like she had learned her place after our little lesson last time.
"I had brought you breakfast as you had not come down for breakfast." She said, rushing out only to push in a trolley. 
My eyes followed her, and I could hear her heartbeat accelerate, to my utmost satisfaction. She was no different than a human with a second mind, I thought as I snorted. My face contoured in disgust, staring at her as she fiddled with the hem of her dress.
Pulling the trolley towards my bed, I sat, opening the dishes. 
Picking up the utensils, I began to eat, cutting into the beef that sat on the plate. 
Chewing slowly, I felt the tender meat melt in my mouth, and my eyes moved to Mildred who was too scared to meet my gaze.
Clicking my tongue, I asked...
"I heard the loud chattering early this morning, what was it about?" 
And I felt the faint scent of blood hit my nostrils, she had bit her lips. 
"Oh, preparations are being made for the ball next week." She said, staring at the floor. 
"Mhmm." I nodded my head as stuffed my mouth with more of the beef brisket. 
"Tell me something I don't know." I said, continuing to stuff my mouth. 
"Is Vivon Coming?" I asked, my eyes resting onto her face and I saw her throat move slightly.
"I...I... I have no idea of the invitations, Scion." I heard her say and I snorted. Of course, how would a mere omega know something so important. 
"Ahh...I forgot how stupid you are." I said, my eyes getting wide in realization, feigning ignorance. 
Waving my hand, I motioned for her to leave my sight. 
I watched her turn around, walking towards the door, her worn out sandals glazing the tiled floor. And then she pulled the door open, walking out. 
I stared at the closed door, my thoughts wandering. Was the alpha going to invite Vivon? 
And just then, my phone rang.
"Magnus." I said as held the phone to my ear. 
"Hey, Princess. " I heard, and I could imagine the mischievous smirk on his lips. 
I rolled my eyes as I continued to stuff my mouth, my hand still holding the phone to my ear. 
"I'm guessing you don't know about it yet?" He asked, and I wondered what he was talking about. 
"My source says Vivon had rejected his mate." 
"What?" I asked, feeling perplexed, and by this time I had paused from eating. 
"Why?" I asked, and I know I was supposed to feel sorry for Vivon, but my heart rejoiced at the news. 
"I've got no clue." He said from the other end. 
"And I also heard that she is pregnant." He added, and my breath hitched.
Pregnant? 
I clutched the phone in my hand tightly, not saying a word.

###chapter 21: FIND MATE 
Kinn's POV 

Waking up, I dragged my feet on the cold floor, intending to freshen up. It had been a day since Isabella had disappeared, and I had lived like an empty vessel, feeling my life hit rock bottom. 
I did not get how one person was able to influence my life this way. Had she bewitched me? 
I had spent my time thinking about what Grimm had said, and maybe there was some truth to it. 
Sighing deeply, I had picked up my phone to call David, and he had answered on the third ring.
"Hello?" I heard his voice say from the other end and I thought of what to say. 
"Cancel my schedule for today as well, I am not feeling so well." I said, and I could hear him go silent. The silence was deafening. 
Taking his silence for understanding, I hung up. 
He must feel bad as well as I had not been active at work. 
Making my way to the bathroom, I took a cold shower, feeling my hurting head calm down. 
The water raced down my body, each drop fighting for the finish line like racers on a racing track. My thoughts wandered, and seconds turned into minutes, and then into hours, but I had not been able to face reality. 
Where do I find her? I asked myself as I stayed in the shower for another hour. 
After what seemed like eternity, I turned the shower off, wearing a bathrobe and returning to my room. 
Getting dressed, I had worn a pair of black long sleeves shirt, and some joggers. 
I made my way downstairs, my footsteps lazy.
Walking to the kitchen, I had prepared some instant noodles for myself. I wasn't one to eat something unhealthy, but right now I did not care at all. 
Finally done, the aroma wafted in the air, invading my nose. It did not smell bad, in fact, it had smelt like the one my nanny used to cook for me years ago. 
It made the memories come back, lucid before my eyes.
Shaking off my thoughts from the ding that had pierced through my ears from the doorbell, I wondered who it could be.  I had given all the houseworkers a day off as I wanted to be alone. Perhaps Isabella had come back?
I smiled at the thought, placing the noodles aside, hurriedly heading for the gate.
The smile on my face faded the very moment I had opened it. 
I stared at the woman who stood before me, wondering who she was. She was dressed in a formal yellow dress, and black heels.
Noticing my piercing gaze on her, her eyes darted around, seemingly nervous, I could vividly hear her heartbeat. I had guessed she was human.
"My name is Fiona, and sir David asked that I give these to you." She said, stretching out her hand and handing some documents to me in which I accepted.
"He also said to make sure you go through them, and that it is urgent."
I massaged the space between my brows, feeling helpless. Even my assistant had begun to take me for granted. Or had he forgotten I had told him I was on a day off?
Turning around to go back inside, I caught the lady from the corner of my eyes as her footsteps followed me.
I halted, turning around to stare at her, my brows raising questioningly.
I could see the confusion in her eyes as she returned my gaze.
"Where might you be going?" I asked, some irritation weaving into my voice.
"Sir David asked that I monitor you closely." She had began to say, but I cut her off...
"That will not be needed." I said curtly 
"But sir..."
"Who is the real boss here?" I asked, my voice laced with coldness, she might have been forgetting who the boss was.
"You, sir." She said, her head falling in despair as her eyes stared down at the ground.
Glancing at her one more time, I turned around, closing the gate as I headed back inside.
Reaching the kitchen, the plate of noodles I had prepared earlier had turned cold. It only made my blood boil. How come I did not have a say in my own life anymore? I asked myself, my grip getting tight around the fork I was holding. 
Dumping the plate of noodles into the trash can, I proceeded to order some breakfast.
  
 The day had gone by so fast, and I had been going through the documents in which David had sent until I had gotten tired.
Changing into a black pant, I headed out, wanting to clear my head. 
I had headed for a bar.
...
Gulping down the whole bottle, I was ready to leave, but how could i without an extra bottle?Staggering towards the counter, I met a woman who had given me a seductive smile, her white teeth in display. 
"One more bottle please." My hoarse voice came out, and her smile grew wider.
Handing me another bottle, I paid for it, heading out. I walked towards my car that had been parked on the other side of the road, my body swaying from side to side drunkenly. My throat burned from all the alcohol I had. And even with my hazy thoughts, I had not forgotten about her. 
Stopping when I had barely crossed the road, I crouched down, the pain from my heart rippling throughout my entire body. A tear rolled down my cheek involuntarily, and I wondered where all these emotions were coming from. Never in 8 years have I cried, until now. What had she done to me?
"I Isabelle Anderson, rejects you Klinn Ethan Adams as my mate" 
Her final words replaying in my head. Clutching my hair tightly, the pain cursing through my body. The anger I felt towards myself multiplied. Maybe it had been all my fault.
"Find mate." I heard someone say, and it jolted me back to my senses.
I spun my head around, my eyes scanning the area, but it was dead silent except for the music from the bar from which I had come from.
"What?" I asked, my ears perked up, waiting for someone to speak, but all I got was the deafening silence.

###chapter 22: JUST A LITTLE MORE TIME 
*Vivon's POV*
I sat on the furry white couch beside the fireplace that brightened up the dimly lit room, my eyes shone the reflection of the flickering flames as I twirled the glass of white wine in my hand. I had always been drinking, and it was all because of her...Isabelle. I might have been looking at the fire, but my thoughts were elsewhere. I had to admit there were some days I felt like I couldn't wait any longer for her to come back, and on those days I would have a drink with Richie, getting drunk to stupor. And other times we would go for a run in the woods. But despite how much distractions I try to bring to myself, my mind still wanders. My heart clenched beneath my chest when I thought of how she was carrying our child, but I brushed off the feeling. I sat there for what seemed like hours, the wood in the fireplace burning out, the room getting darker. 
My head whipped towards the curtains, and I gulped down the last bit of wine, my emotions getting grave.
"Come out." I said, my eyes not leaving the curtain, and just then, a black furred wolf emerged from behind it. It's amber eyes stared at me, unfathomable emotions flickering in it and I stared back at it.
"What have you come here for?" I asked, rolling my eyes as I poured myself more wine. 
Taking a sip, my gaze once again turned to it, and I could see the white envelope between it's muzzle.
Putting down my glass on a table that sat not far away from me, I walked towards the wolf, pulling out the letter from between it's muzzle. 
Nodding it's head, it leapt out of the window, it's silhouette disappearing into the woods.
Ripping the envelope, I opened the peace of paper, my eyes moving as I read it. 
"Looks like the Alpha had not given up on me." I said, a smirk forming on my lips.
After I had canceled my engagement with his daughter, he seemed not to be on good terms with me, but I guess he had understood how pointless it was. He still needed my help, after all. 
Folding the paper, I walked steadily towards the fireplace, throwing it in as I watched it burn.
"Next week, is it?" I asked to no one in particular as I stroked my chin, seemingly in thought.
I walked to my room, intending to freshen up, which I did.
Done taking a bath, I sunk onto my bed, my eyes wide open, staring at the white ceiling. It felt like I was being haunted. 
...
Morning came, and I tossed and turned on the bed, feeling the pain in my head multiply. I had managed to get some sleep after hours of being awake last night. Massaging the space between my brows, I tried to ease the pain. Feeling frustrated, I got out of the bed, heading to the shower where I freshened up. Getting dressed, I went down for breakfast. 
Reaching the dining table which could fit 20 people, I pulled out a chair, settling onto it. 
Not long after, my meal had been served by the maids. I had been alone on the table since I had no family and no mate. I should feel sad about it, but the truth is that I didn't mind it. I did not mind being alone at all except for the fact that I miss her.
Picking up my utensils, I cut into the beef that sat on the plate in front of me, putting it into my mouth. I chewed and swallowed, the clink and clank of the utensils reverberating throughout the room as I ate. 
"Enjoying your meal without me now, are we, Vivon?" I heard the familiar voice say, and I had not bothered to look at who it was.
Richie walked towards me gracefully, his clad feet thumping the floor. 
Reaching the table, he pulled out a chair in which he sat, his eyes finally resting onto me, and my eyes moved to look at him. He might have been expecting that I had went insane for having my mate leave, as I could see the amusement in his eyes. 
Pouring a drink for himself, he took a sip, his eyes resting onto me again, seemingly having something to say.
"You can say anything." I said, not bothering to glance at him. 
He stared at me, his emotion grave, and I knew it had something to do with me.
I heard him take a deep breath before clearing his throat and speaking.
"The rogues seem to be multiplying by the day." He said, his eyes scanning me to gauge my reaction.
"How exactly does it concern us, Richie?" I asked, chuckling wearily as my eyes met his.
"I know you think that it has nothing to do with Avid mars, but sooner or later, you know it is going to get to us." I heard Richie say again, his gaze getting serious as he stared at me. 
"Have you come here to strip me off my post to??" I asked, and by this time I had began to get furious. 
"Have they sent you to me?" I asked again, my voice laced with glaciers.
"No, Vivon. That is not why I have come here." he said, and I fought hard to believe his words.
"Then why? You think I am not fit enough to protect the pack because I do not share the same views as all of you?" I asked, shaking my head as I smiled amusingly. 
He was quiet. 
"Do what you think is best for the pack."  I heard him say finally, and there was silence. 
Neither of us had spoken, and I had continued to eat, not saying a word.
"How is your wait for Isabella?" I heard him ask and I turned to look at him. He had a smirk on his face. I bet he was enjoying my situation. 
Rolling my eyes, I kept mute, and he smiled knowingly.
"Just a little more time, Vivon. She will come back." He said, and somehow it made me feel hopeful

###chapter 23: ALEX 
*Vera's POV 

I sat there frozen to the spot, unknown emotions enveloping me. My eyes stared at nowhere in particular as I tried to take in the news I had just received. 
"Pregnant?" I muttered under my breath, my heart clenching beneath my chest. He had touched her?
I felt a pang in my heart at Vivon touching another woman. I did not care if it were mistresses, but his mate? I felt threatened. 
Why had he rejected her if he knew she was pregnant, Unless...
I felt my face grow hot, my lips curling up like I had finally realized something. 
Did Vivon not love her anymore?
My smile got wider as I stared into space, my thoughts wandering possibilities.
I had to do something, I thought stroking my chin, seemingly in deep thought. I had to make sure she never comes back. 
Standing up from the bed abruptly, I had worn a pair of silver heels. Stuffing my phone into a hand bag, I dabbed my lips with red lipstick. 
Finally I was done. 
Pulling the trolley in which I had ate from, I ordered for a maid to clear it up, heading out. 
I watched as the guards bow their heads slightly at my presence, and I felt my pride grow. I was the perfect specimen for a Luna. How could Vivon not see that, I thought. 
Heading to my car, I pulled the door open, entering and driving out.
I actually had not known where I was headed in the human realm, but by this time I had driven on a deserted highway. 
Clutching the steering wheel, I thought of what to do. How do I make her stay in the human realm forever? 
And what should I do with the child? I thought. 
Sooner a later, she might go back to Avid mars claiming that she had borne an heir for Vivon, And what if he accepts her?
I clutched the wheel tightly, my head staring to hurt from my clouds of thoughts. 
The knock on my car window brought me back to reality, and I turned to look at the person whom had been knocking from behind the tinted glass of my car window. My head spun around to see where he might had come from, but there was not a possibility. He had no car,  and neither did he have a motorcycle. Where had he come from?
Rolling the glass down, I stared at the stranger, and I bet he could see the irritation on my face at being disturbed. 
My brow raised questioningly as if asking "Do I know you?"
And he smiled embarrassingly, scratching the skin behind his neck. 
"Actually, I was stranded, and I was wondering if you could help me?" He said, continuing to  smile awkwardly, and I stared at him, my face devoid of any emotion. 
He cleared his throat to ease the awkwardness, he seemed to be waiting for my reply. 
I stared at him, a my lips curling up into a smirk, and I watched his eyes widen in surprise.
"Do you perhaps have something to offer me?" I asked, making use of the opportunity as it presented itself to me. 
Staring at him from head to toe, he did not look poor. He was clad in a pink designer jacket, and beneath it was a black t-shirt. Going down, he had worn a pink ripped jean, and had clad his feet in black sneakers. 
Which male wears pink? I thought, and I could detect the disgust in my own own voice as I stared at him...I had said it out loud.
"I have money, I could give you any amount, just get me out of here." I heard him say, and I smiled amusingly. How could he speak to a Scion commandingly?
But then again, I expect no less from a lowly male human who had clad himself in pink. I clicked my tongue at the thoughts that went through my mind.
"Does it look like I'm in need of money?" I asked, smirking once again, and he shivered. The jacket he wore could probably not shield him from the cold.
"What do you want?" He said, frustration weaving into his voice that had turned hoarse. Probably from being here for so long. 
"Three favors." I said, my gaze getting serious and he nodded.
"Anything." He said, and by this time he had spun his head around abruptly, seemingly in sudden alert. 
"Promise me." I said, and he nodded again, his gaze turning back to me.
"I promise. Just please tell me." He said pleadingly.
"I'll tell you when I need the favors." I said, motioning for him to get into the car.
Walking to the other side of the car, he pulled the door open, getting in.
I started the car, driving off and I could hear him heave a sigh. Probably one of relief.
The silence in car was deafening and only our breaths could be heard as neither of us wanted to say a word. 
I had driven for about an hour, and I had finally began to see little houses come into view. It made me wonder how exactly how the human had got stranded. Shaking it off, I continued to drive, and by this time I had asked his address, my head turning to look at him. 
"Just drop me off at the upper east side, fifth avenue" He said, confirming my suspicions of him being rich.
Not saying a word, I continued to drive, the ride continuing in silence as he stared out of the window. 
After what seemed like hours, I drove into a street, fancily dressed people striding purposely down the side walks. 
Stopping in front of one of the buildings as per his command, he turned to me, smiling gratefully and I reminded him of the deal, to which he nodded vigorously. 
And with that, he pulled the door open, climbing down. 
Bending to stare at me from the whined down glass, he said...
"My name is Alex." 
I stared at him with a deadpanned expression before finally replying.
"Vera." 
He smiled, walking into the building and shutting the door. I sat in the car, staring ahead of me. I had started to put my plan into action.
I smiled deviously, my eyes holding a malicious glint.

###chapter 24: WEREWOLF OUT IN THE WOODS 
*Isabella's POV...... 

"What would you like to have, Sir, Ma'am?" 
I asked,  staring at the couple sitting across each other on a table, my heart warming at their interaction. 
"Two cups of tea and some biscuits please." The man said, staring at the woman lovingly.
She must be his wife, I thought as I smiled warmly at them, leaving to get their order. 
Life hasn't been all that bad working for Mr Morgan, infact, I was doing fine except for the times I would have sleepless nights thinking about Klinn. It made my thoughts drift to how he was doing. 
Making my way to the counter, I made two cups of tea, placing them on a tray along with some short bread cookies. 
Making my way to where the couple sat, I placed the order on their table, holding the tray to my chest and offering a slight smile in which they returned. I had met different kinds of humans since I started working in the cafe, one who was willing to offer me poison due to her jealously. My smile turned sour as my thoughts went back to the man in pink.
Shaking my head, I turned around, leaving to stand behind the counter. Wiping the sweat that had rolled down my forehead, the heels of my sandals thumped the wooden floor as I walked, clutching the empty tray to my chest.
"Are you never going back to our mate?" I heard my wolf say as soon as I settled down behind the counter. It took me by surprised, as it had not said a word for 24 hours.
"He doesn't acknowledge me." I said, reminding it of the incident days ago.
And it went silent. I guess it had ran out of words to say.  
The day had gone by so fast, and the customers were soon fading. Thing clink and clank of the keys reverberated throughout the empty street as I locked up the cafe, I was done with work for the day. I walked through the sidewalk, my feet thumping the grey concrete. 
My hair had went loose, flying like waves as the wind blew through it. I looked up at the night sky, each star twinkling brighter than the other. And right in the middle stood the full moon which shone on the buildings of the city, creating an ethereal view. 
After what seemed like eternity, I had reached the small worn out house in which I had been staying for days now. Mr Morgan had me rent it from the salary in which he was going to pay me, and hopefully I'd be working in his cafe for a year, saving up a little to pay the rent by the end of the year. I sighed, my hand halting in the processe of unlocking the door as I thought of how much my life had changed in the past month. Never in my life had I thought that I would work for the humans, talk more be at their mercy. 
The sound from a distance away pierced through my ears, jolting me out of my reverie.
Whipping my head to the side, I had only caught the darkness that enveloped the city.
Shaking my thoughts off, I fiddled with the keys as I tried to unlock the door, I reeked of sweat. 
The low growl that pierced through my ears had made me halt again. Putting the keys into my pockets, I walked steadily towards the other side of the road, and towards the woods, clenching my hand into a fist.
Whatever it was, I was ready to face it. 
I walked deeper into the woods, my eyes glowing bright gold as I crushed the twigs beneath my feet. 
Stopping in my tracks, I had noticed the huge paw prints that had dented the soil. 
A werewolf... I narrowed my eyes at the revelation. Another werewolf had visited the human realm, but what for?
Standing to my feet, my eyes spun around scanning the area. My ears perked up, but the only thing I got was the chirping sounds of the crickets. 
Sighing deeply. I made my way back, my thoughts wandering to the paw prints I had seen earlier.
Finally reaching, I unlocked the door, pushing it open and walking in as I closed the door behind me. leaning my back onto the closed door, I closed my eyes, taking a deep breath. I was sure something deadly was about to unfold, and I could not calm my nerves. Had Vivon known about the werewolf who had visited the human realm?
Probably not, I thought, making my way to the bed where I sat, staring into space. 
Seconds passed, and then minutes, but I had not moved from the spot. Jolting from a mosquito that had buzzed pass my ear, My eyes followed it until it disappeared. I sighed in exhaustion, pulling off my shoes, and making my way to the little bathroom where I had freshened up. 
I returned to the room, my hair dripping with water as had no hair dryer to dry it. 
Changing into a pair of clothes in which Mr Morgan had lend me, I sunk onto the bed, laying face up and staring at the ceiling.
"Are you there?" I muttered quietly to my wolf, but it had not said a word. I guessed it had gone to sleep?
I laid staring at the ceiling for what seemed like hours until it spoke.
"What do you want?" It asked, and I could tell the difference in it's voice.
"Are you okay?" I asked, my voice laced with hesitation.
"You expect me to be okay?" I heard it say, and I chuckled wearily which had only angered it.
"Kinda." I said, my voice coming out as a whisper.
"Werewolf out in the woods." It said, and I sensed some emotions in it's voice. Emotions I could not fathom.
"Yes...I saw the prints." I said, feeling my heartbeat accelerate at what was to come.
Then all went silent. Closing my eyes, I drifted off to the dreamworld.

###chapter 25: WHEN FATE HAD ALREADY HAD IT'S SAY 
*Klinn's POV...... 

The sunlight pierced through the closed curtain of my room, casting a glow on my face from which I could see red under my closed eyes. 
My eyes soon fluttered open, squinting at the light that had hit my vision, and the pain from my head. 
I massaged the space between my brows, intending to ease the pain, but it had not helped.
Sitting up on the bed, I had heard the chatter from downstairs, and I had guessed that the workers were back to work. 
It made me realize I had been absent from the company for a couple of days. 
Getting out of bed, I made my way to the bathroom where I had took a cold shower to lessen the pain in my head.
I let the water pour over my head, feeling it run down my body. 
Finally done with the bath, I headed back to the room, changing into a loose black long sleeves shirt and black jean pants. I had barely finished drying my hair when the knock on the door pierced my ears. 
"Come in." I said, not bothering to look at the door, and I could see a maid come in from the corner of my eye.
"Sir." She called out with a bow, and I nodded in acknowledgement.
"Someone has come to see you." She said, and I nodded, waving my hand for her to leave. Turning around, she left, her slippers glazing the marble floor. Closing the door behind her, I stared at the closed door wondering who it could be. David perhaps?
Finally done drying my hair, I clad my feet in some slippers and headed downstairs.
As I alighted the stairs, I could see the head of a woman, and then her back length hair came into view as she had her back turned to me. I wondered who it might be. 
Noticing my presence at the end of the stairs, she turned, her eyes meeting mine that had turned cold.
Standing up abruptly, she had her head down as I took slow and steady steps towards her. 
"Sir David asked that I bring the rest proposals to you." She said, and I could hear the nervousness in her voice. 
"Hand them over and leave." I said, my voice having a hint of malice. She had been the one to come yesterday. The perfume in which she had worn invaded my nose, making my it tingle in irritation. Was David trying to test my patience?
"Yes, yes sir." She stuttered, turning around and rummaging through her bag, finally removing some papers in which she handed over to me.
"You may leave now." I said, collecting the papers, my eyes moving to rest on the exit and her eyes followed me. 
Nodding her head vigorously, she proceeded to pick up her bag from the couch, turning around to stare at me one more time before leaving, her high heels thumping the floor. 
I watched her back as it faded, feeling devoid of any emotions.
Making my way to the dining room, I pulled out a chair in which I sat, the maids serving my breakfast. 
I ate, the clink and clank of the utensils reverberating throughout the entire room. 
Gulping down the last bit of wine, the sound of footsteps pierced through my ears, making me turn my head to the entrance. 
"Feeling better now, is it?" I heard Grimm ask as he made his way towards me, his  lips curling up. 
Reaching me, he pulled out a chair in which he sat.
"I hadn't even told you to sit." I pointed out, my eyes not bothering to look at him. 
"Since when did Grimm Antonio need anyone to tell him to sit." I heard Grimm ask, making me roll my eyes.
"You really are too cocky for a therapist." I said, my eyes moving to rest on Grimm who only shrugged, not saying a word.
"Why are you here?" I asked, my brows furrowing in confusion. Sure, he was my therapist, but he had only visited my house once in a blue moon. It made me wonder what he had come for.
"Stuff." He said as he proceeded to pour himself a drink, my eyes following his movement.
"Should a doctor be having alcohol in front of his patient?" I asked, my eyes resting onto his glass of wine.
"Why not? Man gotta let out some hot air once in  a while, don't you think?" Grimn asked as he twirled the glass of wine in his hand, sitting backwards onto the chair as his eyes rested onto me. 
"Some doctor you are." I commented, my words devoid of emotions, and he rolled his eyes.
"Well, I had come here to check on you." He said, and I bet he could see the "are you sure?" Look in my eyes.
He chuckled wearily as I had seen through him.
"Okay, Okay, you got me." He said, a mischievous smile on his face.
"I had come here to inform you about a seminar I had been invited to." He said, his tone getting serious, and I stared at him with a lazy look in my eyes.
"And how exactly does it have anything to do with me?" I asked, wiping the corners of my mouth using the napkin.
"It has everything to do with you, Klinn." he said
"I was hoping if you would like to come?" He added, his gaze expectant as he looked at me.
"Why should I?" I asked, stroking my chin, seemingly in thought.
"Some rare cases like yours would be talked about." He said, and my ears perked up at his words. 
Seeing he had gotten my attention, he continued.
"Who knows, we might be able to combine the knowledge from it along with our previous ones, to find a cure for you." 
"You know it's not as easy as you say, Grimm" I said and he kept mute.
I had always wanted to be normal, but what could I do when fate had already had it's say?

 ###chapter 26: NOT BEEN ABLE TO PROTECT HER   
Vera's POV....... 

It's been a day since I had the deal with the human, and he might not have known, but his promise was sealed. 
Today was a very boring day as I had nowhere to go. I sat on the bed, my eyes scanning through a book until I had gotten bored. 
Abruptly rising to my feet, I clad them in simple slippers, heading to my father's chamber.
I had walked for barely minutes until someone had bumped into me really hard, that had sent them falling to the floor on their butt.
I my gaze met the omega, my eyes staring questioningly at her. 
Standing up abruptly, she held her head down, staring at the floor as she fiddled with the hem of her uniform,  not meeting my gaze.
"Had you been blind?" I asked, some irritation weaving it's way into my voice. 
"Scion, I'm sorry. I had not seen you coming just now." Mildred said, and I snorted, walking away and leaving her as she continued bowing until I left. 
I had reached, standing before the door to the alpha's chamber. Taking a deep breath, I stretched out my hand, making a fist and knocking on the door, the sound reverberating throughout the entire hallway. 
"Come in." I heard from behind the door and I pushed it open, walking in as I flipped my hair backwards. 
Walking in, I had met father sitting on his couch, a glass of red wine in his hand in which he twirled leisurely. 
"What brings you here, Vera?" He asked, not sparing me a glance as he continued to stare at the painting of mom that was hung up on the wall.
"I only came to check up on you, father." I said, curtsying before him. He was my father, but it does not make him less of an alpha and I still had to give my respect. 
Waving his hand in the air, he motioned for me to rise, to which I obeyed.
Walking towards his wine cellar, I poured myself a drink, walking back gracefully towards the couch that sat opposite his and sinking myself into it.
He hadn't said a word, and I was forced to speak.
"How have the army been handling the rogues that had invaded the borders of blood moon?" I asked, my gaze resting onto my father whose face looked troubled.
"Recently, good." He started.
Taking a deep breath, he had paused from sipping his drink. 
"But they seem to be multiplying quickly, it makes me wonder where they are coming from." He said finally, and I stroked my chin.
"Has... Vivon not bothered to help you?" I ask, some hesitation laced in my voice, I had known the answer to the question. Vivon had not helped, if not, all the troubles would have ended. Had he decided to cut ties with the blood moon pack now that we were not betrothed?
It made my heart clench, my eyes burning with hatred for the slut that had caused it.
"No." Came my father's reply, bringing me back from my reverie.
"My plan is to talk to him about it during the banquet. It was exactly why I had invited him in the first place." He continued, gulping down a mouthful of wine.
Ever since the Luna, my mother had passed away, the alpha had been miserable, drinking when he felt he couldn't take it. But then again, he still had the duties of an alpha to protect the pack. 
My heart ached for my father.
I stared at him as he had gulp after gulp, not bothering to stop.  
"Father." I called out, my gaze resting onto his face and he stared at me, his brow raised questioningly.
"I would like to go to battle with the army" I said, my eyes shone firmness. I had also underwent training after all. I had went through combat training before I had came of age when I turned eighteen.
"No." came his reply, and I stared at him, my eyes pleading.
"No." he said again, and my determination wavered.
"It still haunts you." I stated, my gaze fixated on the flickering flames of the fireplace that sat to a side of the room.
Tearing my gaze away from it, my eyes rested onto my father's face as he stared at me, confusion edged on his face at my statement.
"Mother." Came my short reply, and his face contoured more in drunken confusion.
"It still haunts you that mother had been murdered by a rogued lycan." I said, watching his face fall in sadness at realizing my words.
He nodded, his voice coming out hoarse.
"I never would have wanted it to happen." 
"No one would have wanted their one true love to get murdered." I said, sympathizing with him even if it had already been years. I had just came of age when It happened.
He nodded, his eyes fixated on his glass. He had tried his best to mask his hurt through an aloof expression, but deep down I could tell how hurt he was.
Rising to my feet, I had gulped down the entire drink in one go, placing the empty glass onto the table that sat in front of us.
"I will take my leave now, father." I said, and he nodded, taking another big sip from his glass of wine.
Walking towards the door, I had paused, staring back at him before pulling the door open and walking out. 
My footsteps echoed in the narrow hallway as I walked back to my chamber, my thoughts wandering to the night before the Luna had lost her life.
***
"You are so beautiful, my dear." I heard mother say as her fingers brushed through my red hair, giving a tingling feeling to my scalp.
"I am as beautiful as you, mother." My eighteen year old self uttered, turning around to stare at mother.
"One day, you will grow up into a powerful Scion Lycan." She said, staring at me, unknown emotions swirling in her amber eyes.
"The day would come that you will have to protect I and the alpha." She added, pulling my head close to her to plant a kiss on my forehead.
...
Back to the present, I had stood frozen to the spot, lost in my own reverie. 
My mother's words reverberated in my mind.
I had not been able to protect her.

###chapter 27: WHAT WAS IT I FELT?
I had retired to my room, my heart heavy as I sunk onto the bed. I stared at the ceiling, my thoughts wandering. Vivon had not cared to help. Had he cut ties with us only because of that woman?
I clenched my hands tightly into a fist as my eyes shone anger.
She had left, but it she could always go back to Avid mars, I thought.
Standing up abruptly, I had visited the human realm again, but this time, I had a direction.
Walking across the pavement, I had caught sight of the blonde woman holding a tray from the glass doors of the cafe. My blood boiled the more I had stared at her. 
Soon it was nighttime, I had stood in the shadows, my eyes watching her. 
I heard the keys clank as she locked the cafe.
I followed her, and by this time I had morphed into my wolf, leaping from tree to tree as she walked to where I did not know. 
I crouched down on a tree when she stopped, her eyes scanning the area before finally raising her head to look up as she stared at the starry night sky. My eyes subconsciously followed her, and I stared at the full moon that sat Lazily in the sky. 
Taking another path, I had went into the woods, staring at her from behind the dark forest as she fiddled with the keys in her hand, trying to unlock the house. did she live here? I thought as I continued to stare at her. it was far from the main city where there were lots of buildings and malls.
I stared curiously as her hand had stopped moving, spinning her head to stare at something. And then she continued to fiddled with the keys, hurting my ear drums, and I let out a low growl. She had caught it.
Shit! I cursed out in my head when she whipped her head to stare at me from behind the bush I had been hiding.
Slowly stepping backwards, I went deeper into the woods, watching as she approached where I had been standing. 
I turned around, running as fast as I could, my paws denting the soil, leaping onto the trees as I tried to get away from her sight.  I could not let her see me. 
I had lept onto a tree, sitting on it as I rested. I watched as she approached the prints in which my paws had made. 
My amber eyes followed her as she crouched down, observing the prints before finally rising to her feet, heaving a deep sigh and walking away. 
Jumping down from the tree, my wolf watched the direction in which she had come from, before finally morphing into human.
...
I walked hurriedly through the hallway, my clothes askew and stained with mud, avoiding getting caught by anyone. I had went for a little hunt after my encounter with Vivon's mate, stealing my prey's clothes as I had ripped mine while morphing. It smelled of fish, but I had no choice.
I heaved a sigh of relief as I reached the door to my chamber. 
Stretching out my hand to push it open, I halted, blood draining from my face at a voice behind me.
"And where might you be coming from, young lady?" I heard the voice ask, and I turned around to meet a pair of emerald green eyes. Magnus, I thought as I placed my hand on my chest, letting out the breath in which I had been holding.
I stared up at him where his lips had curled up amusingly.
Pushing the door open, I dragged him in, closing the door behind us.
Turning back to stare at him after making sure to lock the door, I was met with his piercing gaze staring questioningly at me. 
I was at loss for words.
"Why are you not speaking?" Magnus asked, his eyes resting onto my face.
We had been friends since childhood and he had been there on my coming of age ceremony. He had also went to fight off the rogues years ago when mom had lost her life in the battle.
"I had went hunting." I said, not looking at him as I lazily walked to the white couch, sinking myself onto it.
"Ah...I see. Hunting you say?" He asked, making his way to where I sat, his eyes staring accusingly at me. 
"Yes." I said, not paying attention to his look.
"Then why are you sweating so much?" He asked, using a finger to swipe my forehead, leaving a smudge of sweat and mud.
Slapping his hand away, I rose to my feet, heading to the bathroom where I had sunk myself into a warm bath, closing my eyes to get my emotions together. Vivon had left me for that blonde woman?
I had not seen her clearly until today, and I had to admit that she was indeed beautiful... it only made my blood boil. 
I laid in the tub for what seemed like hours before wrapping myself up in a bathrobe and retiring to the room.
I had barely made two steps before my eyes caught Magnus who had sat leisurely on the couch, playing with my car keys in which he had seen on the table.
"Are you not leaving yet?" I asked, my voice laced with irritation, he was disturbing my privacy.
"Some friend you are, Vera." He chuckled wearily, his eyes moving to look at me. And by this time I had pulled out the hair dryer from my closet.
"You seem to only remember our friendship only when you need a favor." His voice came again, and I rolled my eyes as I dried my hair.
"Not that I mind though." he added, standing to his feet. 
"Are you really okay, Vera?" his voice came and I turned to look at him before nodding my head. 
And with that, he turned around, leaving and closing the door behind him.
I stared at the closed door, unfathomable emotions flickering in my eyes.
What was it I felt?

###chapter 28: CRY IN THE WOODS 
He walked through the the woods, the twigs and dried leaves crunching beneath his feet. The once orange and pink sky had been painted grey from the downpour that was threatening. 
He stopped, his eyes scanning the area. His ears perked up, and it was welcomed by the crickets that chirped. The sound of a wolf howling in the distance pierced through his ears, but he had not cared. 
Walking deeper into the woods, he soon halted. He spun his head around, his eyes scanning the place seemingly lost, or looking for someone.
The sound of twigs crunching pierced through his ears, making him whip his head to the direction in which it had come from. 
A figure could be seen making it's way towards the man, his black cloak rubbing the ground behind him. 
"It took you long enough." The man said, his eyes following the figure as it came to stand before him. 
"You have been late yourself." It said, it's deep masculine voice piercing through his ears. 
"What's the meeting about?" The figure asked, staring at the man from under the hood that was covering his face.
"Nothing much, just to increase the numbers." The man said, shrugging his shoulders as though increasing the numbers of rogued lycans was no big deal.
"I had known you to be weird, but I never thought you could be this much of a maniac." The cloaked man said, his voice laced with disbelief.
"Have you forgotten that you are a lycan yourself?" He asked, and the other man rolled his eyes.
"You forget that I have no family, I have no pack either. So it is non of my business if the rogues multiply whatsoever. In fact, it is to my advantage." The man said, and by this time he had started to walk round the cloaked man, stressing his every word.
"Have you forgotten that you had given your word to help?"
"Or have you forgotten that I own your life?" The man said, halting to the cloaked Man's right side, the air around them dropping by a few degrees.
"No, and you still have my word. But it has nothing to do with me if you get uncovered. There will come a time you will get eliminated by your own kind." The cloaked man said, his eyes flickering with unfathomable emotions beneath the hood of his black cloak.
"If that is all, then I believe I should get to work." He added, walking into the heart of the forest, dragging his long cloak behind him. 
The other man stared at the cloaked man's silhouette as it disappeared.
He stared at nowhere in particular, many emotions flickering in his emerald green eyes.
He morphed into his wolf, his growl reverberating throughout the woods. 
Running through the woods, the air blew through his black fur, leaves brushing pass his fur like wet tongues.
After what seemed like minutes, he had arrived at a cave. 
Morphing back into his human, he walked into the cave, lighting up a fire torch as he made his way deeper into the cave.
The flame from the torch illuminated, giving his eyes a glow.
Walking for not more than a minute, he soon reached a tomb. Dropping the torch, he took slow and steady steps towards it, his heard clenching beneath his chest. Reaching it, his eyes had caught the dust that had covered it. 
Using his hand, he dusted the dirt off, his expression crazed.
"Mother." his hoarse voice came out as he caressed the rock that had been used to cover the tomb.
"Look at me, mother. I'm doing okay now." He said, his voice beginning to crack.
"Can you see how successful I am now?" He asked no one at all as his lips curled up into a smile.
"If only you you had hung on. I have seen father too." He continued.
"He doesn't even know I exist." He said, bowing his head in despair.
"But guess what, I am getting back at him." He said, his lips curling up again. And by this time he had began to chuckled.
Seconds passed, and then minutes, but he had not stopped chuckling, it only grew insane. 
Gripping his hair tightly as if to rip it from his head, he staggered, his vision blurring from tears. 
His heart hurt so much. 
His thoughts wandered to that night.
****
Running in the woods, the little boy spun his head around looking for her, but had not found her. 
The rain poured with vigour, and the stench of blood rose in the air.
"Mother!" He yelled as he ran through the woods, frantically looking for his mother.
He continued to run, puddles splashing beneath his feet.  The rain continued to pour, casting it's wrath on the city.
He halted, his gaze travelling to the figure that lay on the ground, her hair askew as the rain poured down on her.
He took slow and steady steps towards her, feeling his whole world crumble.
Dropping to his knees before her, he shook her a couple of times, not getting any response.
"Mother." He called out, his voice beginning to crack as he stared at her face that had lost it's usual glow.
Her wet lashes soon fluttered open, taking in the face that stared down at her.
"Jerome." She called out, her hand raising to touch his face.
"I'm sorry I had done this. I had not known of the rogues, and I just wanted to speak to your father, the alpha." She choked out, tears falling from the corner of her eyes, merging with the rain.
"You should look for your father...tell him who you are." 
"Leonard Moltenore." She said, her eyes starting to flutter close.
"Please...mother." the boy stuttered, shaking his head frantically as he tapped her cheek with his palm, but she had already breathe her last breath.
"Mother!" he cried out, his pained voice merging with the thunder that struck in the sky as he held her body tightly to his chest.

###chapter 29: WHY HAD HE BROUGHT ME HERE ?
Pelham Bay, New York...

*Isabelle's POV...... 

The morning sun peeked through the cracks between the wooden window, casting a glow on my face as I laid in bed. The day had dawned, bringing it with new hopes and aspirations. 
My lashes fluttered open, and my eyes rested lazily onto the ceiling above. 
I had let my thoughts wander the previous night before finally drifting off to sleep. 
Rolling off the bed, my shift at the cafe was in the evening, so I had nothing to do for the whole morning and afternoon. 
Making my way to the bathroom, I picked up the toothbrush that rested onto the vintage bedside table.
I brushed my teeth until it was sparkling white before pulling the stainless bucket that sat to a side of the bathroom, filling it up with cold water. 
Closing my eyes really tight, I poured the water over my head, bracing myself for the cold that was going to pierce through my naked skin after. 
I shivered from the cold, my teeth chattering as I took a cold bath in the cold whether. I was not human after all, so I did not expect myself to get sick easily.  I had been bathing with cold water for a couple of days despite the city being in winter. 
Done with the bath, I pushed the empty bucket back to where it had been sitting, earning a screech from it. 
Making my way back to the room, I had hit my leg on the wooden door, earning a sharp pain from my leg.
"Ouch." I cried out, limping to the bedside, settling down on it. Today was such an unlucky day for me, I thought as I observed the toe in which I had hurt just now.
Dropping my leg to the side, I proceeded to wear the shirt in which I had been wearing on the first day I had been employed at the cafe. It was Klinn's, and despite the fact that I had already washed it, I could still perceive his scent from it. 
It made my heart tug. What would my life had been like if I was still pregnant? I asked myself, my hand pausing from wearing the shirt. 
Life was easier as I wasn't pregnant, but it did not mean that I had not regretted murdering my own child. It was all because of Vivon, I thought, my chest hurting from anger.
Shaking my head to get rid of the many thoughts that had clouded my mind, I proceeded to wear the shirt that had came down below my thighs. 
Having nothing to do, I had decided to take a stroll in order to get my mind off my life's situation.
Wearing the only tights I had below the oversized shirt, I clad my feet in my slippers, heading out. 
...
I had been staring at the ice cream shop from afar, gawking at it since I had no money to afford it, until I bumped into something hard that sent me falling to the ground on my butt. I winced at the sharp pain on my waist, today was such a disaster. 
My gaze traveled to the thing I had bumped into only to notice it was a man. His eyes stared at me, amusement sparkling in them.
Wait! I thought, as my eyes traveled down to his nose, then to his entire face, and finally to the clothes in which he had worn.
"You?!" I yelled, pointing my index finger at the man who stood before me, his lips curling up into a smirk.
It was the man in pink, the man who's girlfriend had been creepy.
Standing up abruptly, I had began to walk away hurriedly, but I caught his voice behind me.
"Hey! You can't just walk away like that." He yelled, following after me.
Halting, I turned around, my face red with anger.
"Mister, if you could please do me a favor and stop following me." I said, stressing each word as calmly as I could.
"I will." He said, and I had felt relieved for a moment until he said...
"Only if you tell me your name." His lips curling up once more. 
"Isabelle." I said after much thought. It wasn't a big deal if he knew my name, right?
Turning around, I started to walk away from him, but he had followed behind me again.
"Heyy, You said you would not follow me anymore." I reminded him, as I halted only to watch him halt by my side. 
He only whistled, feigning innocence as he stared at me with a look that said "What are you talking about?"
"You tricked me!" I yelled, stomping on his foot and walking away, hoping that he would not follow me. 
I heard him hiss, probably from the pain I had inflicted on him, but he had followed behind me. I didn't know where I was headed, as I barely knew the area very well. 
And by this time I had not known where I was. Turning around, the guy in pink had been right behind me.
"Where are we?" I asked, my eyes scanning the place which was rowdy, people going about the morning.
"You are right, where are we?" I heard him ask, stroking his chin feigning ignorance, and I glared at him.
"Fine, fine, I'll lead the way." he said, closing the distance between us. 
The sound of my rumbling stomach pierced through my ears, and I hoped he had not heard it. I had not had breakfast as I had no money. 
I had walked behind him, not knowing where he was taking me.
"Be careful." I heard my wolf say, and I should have listened to it, but I had just brushed it off.
He halted, and I had bumped into his back really hard as I had been lost in thoughts.
"Ouch!" I cried out as I rubbed my forehead. I was sure it was going to leave a bump, his body was sure hard for a guy who wears pink, I thought as I rolled my eyes.
"You sure have a fetish for bumping into me." He said, turning to look at me and I rolled my eyes as I rubbed my forehead one last time before putting my hand down. 
His gaze traveled to my reddened forehead before speaking.
"We're here." he said as he turned around, staring at the building before him, and my eyes followed him.
"Why?" I asked, my voice laced with confusion.
Why had he brought me here?

###chapter 30: FRIENDS?
I stared at the restaurant in which he had brought me, then back at the man who stood by my side. I am sure he had heard my stomach rumble earlier, I feel so embarrassed now. But why decide to treat me to breakfast in one of the most reputable restaurants in Pelham Bay? 
Staring up at the sign, it read "Orrico's Italian Restaurant"
My brows furrowed as I turned to look at him, questions swirling in my eyes.
"Are you not hungry?" he asked, his brow raising questioningly at me.
"Not really, I'm pretty okay." I lied, my head held high in pride. Of course I didn't want to accept anything from him, I didn't know him at all. What if he had gotten back to fulfill his girlfriend's wish of poisoning me?
I shuddered at the thought.
Though my firm resolve wavered as my stomach grumbled loudly, betraying my previous words.
I bit my lips as my hazel eyes traveled to rest on his face that had curled up into an amused smile.
Pushing the door open, I followed behind him, playing nervously with the hem of the shirt in which I had been wearing.
My eyes occasionally darted to the not so many people that occupied some of the wooden tables that were arranged cozily in the restaurant. My eyes traveled to the paintings that had been hung up on the brick walls, feeling that they really looked nice. 
Halting as we reached one of the empty tables, he had already settled down, his eyes staring at me questioningly. I soon pulled out the wooden chair and sat, my still eyes scanning the place. 
"Sir, ma'am." A masculine voice pierced through my ears, and I turned to the direction of the voice only to see a man whom had been clad in a long sleeves buttoned down black shirt and black slacks. His hair had been neatly groomed, and it shone in the dimly lit restaurant.
"What would you like to have?" the waiter asked, his question directed at the man sitting across the table. My eyes watched as he looked away from the black card in which he had been holding, and my gaze traveled to look at his side of the table in which the card had been resting. 
"Two plates of Spaghetti bolognese, two plates of Chicken Marsala, and a bottle of Barbera." I heard him say, speaking for both of us, and my eyes darted to stare at him. He probably had been here before, I thought as my eyes darted back and forth between the man and the waiter. 
"He is generous." I heard my wolf say and I rolled my eyes.
"Might you be mocking me, Belle?" his voice pierced through my ears and my eyes moved, resting onto him, confusion swirling in them. He  thought I had rolled my eyes at him? 
"You don't even know my name, I can bet on it." He said again, clicking his tongue and I bit my lips. He was right. I had heard his girlfriend call him by his name that day, but I could not remember it.
"I'm Alex." his words came again, and I nodded. The silence on the table prevailed as neither of us had nothing to say. 
The once talkative me had turned mute.
"Enjoy your meal." The waiter's voice was heard again, cutting into the silence that had enveloped us as he unloaded the food from the trolley in which he had been pushing.
I sat unmoving, as I did not know how to react. I didn't even know him. 
"Eat." His voice came and i looked up from the plate of food that sat on the table in front of me, I stared deep into his eyes as if to uncover his hidden intentions.
"I wouldn't stoop so low as to poison you, I have other ways to kill you if I wanted to." He said, smiling amusingly as he stared at me. 
Other ways to kill me? 
Picking up the fork and knife, I try to cut into the delicious looking chicken breast, along with the rice that bedded it, salivating before it even got to I mouth. 
I had been really hungry. 
I sighed in satisfaction at how juicy it tasted, savoring it's taste as I chewed and suck on the food carefully. 
"I have never seen you in Pelham Bay." I heard Alex say, and my gaze traveled to him.
"Well, I only just moved to this city a couple of weeks ago." I said, trying to sound as real as I could.
"You clearly didn't come here with your family." He said again, and by this time I had stuffed my mouth with the food.
"Ahh...yes, I don't have a family." I said casually as I continued to eat.
"Did you perhaps runaway from home and don't want them to find you huh?"  He asked again, and I stared at him wondering what had given him the thought. 
"No" Came my short reply and he didn't probe further.
Bending my head, I continued to eat. The clink and clank of my utensils reverberating throughout the space. 
"Here." I heard him say again as he placed the wine filled glass near me.
Picking up the glass, I stared at the red liquid before bringing it to my mouth and taking a sip.
...
After what seemed like an hour, we were finally done eating, and Alex paid for the meal, and we both headed out of the restaurant.
"Thank you." I said as I came to a stop in front of him. 
"You definitely need to pay with more than a thank you." Alex said, shrugging his shoulders before running his fingers through his raven black hair.
"I'll pay you when I receive my monthly pay then." I said rolling my eyes. But I heard him chuckle, and I stared up to look at him, wondering what funny thing I had said.
"Can you really pay me back a hundred dollar by the end of the month?" He asked, his brows raising up cockily as he stared at me. 
I stared up at him in a daze. Had a mere meal been so expensive?
It was twice my salary!
"Don't worry, I won't make you pay with your salary." He said, chuckling when he seemed to have noticed my dazed expression.
"Say yes to being friends and you won't have to pay for the meal." He added as I stared at him, his gaze getting serious.
I stood staring at him as I thought of the possible outcomes of being friends with this guy in pink, Alex. His girlfriend would probably make a toast of me, but I don't think I care? I don't have a hundred dollar to pay him after all.
"Fine." I said defeated
"Friends?" Alex asked, his eyes gauging me.
Just what does he plan to benefit from this? 
"Yes." I said rolling my eyes.

###chapter 31: SUBSTITUTE ASSISTANT 
KLINN'S POV... 


"If that is all, then I believe you all should get to work." I said, my voice reverberating throughout the room of board members. They had called for a meeting to address my absence at work for a few days. 
There had always been black sheep in the company. Those who despite working for the company, would want to kick me off the position of the CEO.
"Mr Ethan." I heard a man call out as the others dispersed.
"Speak." I ordered, glancing at him before focusing on the pen in my hand, playing with it leisurely as I sat, my back weighing onto the back rest.
"I must say, i believe you are a man of principles." 
He said, and I rolled my eyes. Another one trying to curry favor from the CEO, I thought. He was non other than Anthony Hayes, one of the board members who had always wanted me to see him as an ally. 
"And why is that?" I asked, laziness evident in my voice.
"Well, for one Mr Ethan, you do not let your personal life get in the way of your work in the company, so I believe there really might have been a serious issue." He said, his old eyes resting onto my face, and I smiled, one that did not reach my eyes.
"Thank you, Mr Hayes. For having so much faith in me. You are really such a considerate man" I said, but I bet he could tell the evident sarcasm in my voice. 
Abruptly standing to my feet, I had walked away from him, David following behind me as I made my way to my office.
"Why are you so slow?" I asked, sinking myself onto the chair as my eyes rested onto David who had been panting like he had ran a marathon.
"Sir..." He called out, putting his palm to his chest as he continued to pant, out of breath.
"You had been walking pretty fast, I am not as healthy as you." He said, and by now he had begun to catch his breath.
"How about the applications sir?" David finally asked, his gaze rested onto me as I twirled my phone in my hand.
"What is wrong with them?" I asked, my gaze directed at David who scratched his neck awkwardly.
"Err.."
"Speak." I said calmly as I continued to stare at him
"Sir...I had told you about my mother's health a week ago, and I was hoping you could grant me a week's leave." 
"Mhmm." I hummed in approval
"You had said you were going to take a look at them the day before..." He said, not meeting my gaze, and I nodded.
"Bring them to me right now." I said, and his eyes grew wide for a moment before returning to normal
"Yes Sir. I'll have the substitute assistant bring them over to you. Thank you, Sir" He nodded, turning around and walking out of the room, closing the glass door behind him.
It had only been a few minute when a knock came at the door.
"Come in." I said, not bothering to glance at the door.
The sound of heels thumping the tiled floor pierced through my ears, and I finally raised my head only to find the lady from the day before walking towards me as she held some papers to her chest.
"Sir." She called out, and my gaze landed onto her face.
"These are the applications." She said, handing the papers to me which I collected.
"You may leave now." I said, starting to scan through the papers.
"Sir?" She asked, and I stared up to see the questions swirling in her eyes.
"You can ask David to send me another substitute." I said, and she turned quiet
"But sir, I'm the only one available." I heard her say, and I stared at her, my brows furrowing.
"Get someone to switch positions with you then." I said, my gaze moving onto the papers, and by this time David had walked in.
"What's wrong, Sir?" He asked when he sensed the air in the room had dropped by a few degrees.
"Send me another substitute." I said, glancing at him.
"But she's the only one available sir." David said, his brows knotting in confusion by my decision.
"Have someone switch positions if possible." I said, twirling the pen in which I was holding.
"Everyone else has been assigned to the new project sir, there are no other possible candidates." David said, his voice pleading, and I stared at the lady where she stood across me, her fingers digging into her palms. I could perceive the faint scent of blood, merged with her choking perfume.
"Fine then." I said, deciding to put up with her for a week. I could see the relief on David's face at my decision.
"You may leave now." I said, and he nodded, picking up a few boxes from the inner room of the office, walking out and leaving me and the substitute assistant.
"My name is..." She tried to say, but I had shushed her.
"I do not care what your name is, and you should probably get to work now." I said, my cold tone reverberating throughout the room as I continued to stare at the papers I had been holding.
I could sense her walking to the table that was meant for David, and I could feel my blood boil. Had David not been able to find someone better?
...
Five hours had passed, and I could sense she was exhausted, but I had not cared. 
Soon, I heard the screeching sound of her chair filled the room, piercing through my ears, but I had not glanced at her direction. 
"Would you like some coffee, Sir?" I heard her ask, and I could feel her gaze on me.
"No." Came my curt words, not looking up from my pile work.
I felt her linger for a bit until her footsteps echoed in the room, eventually fading behind the closed door.

###chapter 32: RUN! 

ISABELLE'S  POV. 


After the breakfast, I and Alex had walked aimlessly, discussing, but it was mostly Alex pushing my buttons and watching me flare up. 
When it was finally time for my shift, I headed back to the cafe, thanking Alex for the meal once more. 
Taking a deep breath, I pushed open the glass door of the cafe, my eyes scanning the place, it was empty. There was not a single customer, and I sighed. 
Making my way to the back of the counter, I was met with the lady in which I had seen the very first time I had came to the cafe. I had found the lady's name to be Maggie.
Making my way towards the apron which was hung to the wall, I  ignored Maggie, playing as if she was invisible as we did not get along so well. 
Picking up the apron in which I tied around my waist, I heard Maggie's voice behind me.
"Good luck on your shift, Isabel." 
Turning around, I was met with Maggie's mischievous gaze. I could tell maggie's words were contradicting the look in her eyes.
Who was she trying to fool? I thought as I rolled my eyes, intending to walk pass Maggie as I had something to get from the store room.
"Have you now learnt to walk out on me?" I heard Maggie ask as the latter gripped my arm, preventing me from leaving.
"Let go of my arm, Maggie." I said, my voice coming out as a warning, but Maggie had rolled her eyes.
"I do what I want to do, and right now I do not want to let your arm go." Maggie said, her hand clutching harder onto my arm.
"Why don't we make her our meal for tonight?" I heard my wolf taunt in the back of my head.
I knew my wolf had missed preying on the humans, but there was nothing I could do, this was not our territory.
"Have you forgotten that the humans also have a dungeon? it's called a prison" I mind linked my wolf, and I could imagine it rolling it's eyes as it said...
"It cannot be worse than the one back in Avid mars, the humans are weaklings." 
"Still, this is their territory, not ours. So you cannot do anything you want." I replied
"Fine." It finally said after seconds of silence, and I heaved a sigh.
"Heyy! Are you deaf?!" I heard Maggie yell, bringing me back to reality. 
I stared at Maggie whom was still holding onto my arm really tight, and I wiggled it out of the her grasp, walking away.
Maggie watched as I left, her mind swirling with anger. I could feel the hostility in her actions. Perhaps she thought i was a weekling. Little did she know that there was more to Isabelle Anderson.
Stomping her foot, I watched from a corner as she grabbed her bag which was laying close to her grasp, walking out of the cafe, her face red with fury. Ever since I had been hired, I had been Mr Morgan's favorite employee, making her invisible no matter what she did. 
It had only been a couple of days, but she already despises the me to the core.
The truth was that I had not really wanted to get anything from the storeroom, I had only just wanted to get away from Maggie. Sighing deeply, I made my way back to the  counter, tying my hair up into a messy bun with the rubber band in which I had found laying around at the cafe. 
Some people just couldn't live peacefully, I thought, my mind drifting back to Maggie.
...
An hour into my shift at de Morgan's cafe, the customers had began to occupy the seats, and I attended to them. Most of them whom were business men who had no wives to make them coffee. 
I had just brewed another cup of coffee, wiping the sweat that had tickled down my forehead.
Placing it onto a saucer, I proceeded to place it onto a tray, heading towards a table.
Reaching the table, I unloaded the coffee, smiling at the man who had raised his head from his phone to look at me.
Heading back to the counter, I clutched the tray to my chest. 
I sighed as I got behind the counter, dropping the tray. I had no other customer to serve. 
I sat, my eyes looking dead as I stared at nowhere in particular. I could tell my flushed face appeared smoother because of the sweat that had coated it. A strand of hair stuck to my sweaty face in which I lazily tucked behind my ear. 
For what seemed like hours, I sat unmoving as the customers slowly lessened. 
Finally, the cafe turned empty. The sky had turned dark, and the sun had hid beneath the sky. The keys clinked and clanked as I locked the cafe. 
I leaned back on the closed doors, my eyes closed,  putting myself together before sighing deeply and opening my eyes. How had I gotten so exhausted?
Walking in the direction of my home, I let my blonde hair loose from the rubber band that had kept it together in a messy bun. 
My hair sprung free, dancing in the wind that blew through the night as I dragged my feet tiredly over the side walk. 
I suddenly halted, my head whipping back only to find a woman whom had been following me for a while now. 
My wolf had screamed for me to run, but I had merely took it casual. Perhaps the woman was going my direction too? I thought as I looked for a possible excuse. 
My pace quickened despite the fatigue that had began to kick in furiously.
The sound of heels hitting the ground in a faster pace pierced through my ears, and I soon realized I was truly being followed.
"Run!" I heard my wolf say at the back of my mind, and I picked up pace, running in the night as the figure pursued after me.

###chapter 33: WOMAN FROM LAST NIGHT 

ISABELLE'S POV... 

I ran, my hair being carried by the wind. My throat burned and my head hurt, but I had not stopped running, I could not stop.
I could hear her closing in, and I proceeded to run faster, feeling the blood in my body rush up to my nose. Why was she after me? I thought as I continued to run. I would have morphed into my wolf, but I guess it now understood that the human realm was not our territory, and thus, it had told me to run. Running into a corner, it had been a dead end. 
I stood staring at it, wondering what to do. I could hear her footsteps get closer. Crouching, I had bent with my hand on my chest, taking in all the air I could take in. 
"Oh, Princess Isabel met an end?" I heard her voice say behind me, and I turned to stare at the woman whom had hid her face behind a black hoodie. How did she know my name? Was she perhaps someone in which Alex's girlfriend had sent to murder me?
"Who are you?" I asked, my throat burning as I stared at her closing in.
"That, my dear...you do not need to know. Let's just get this done and over with." She said, and I could see the sinister smirk on her lips that were visible from under the hoodie. 
Reaching me, she had slapped me across the face, sending me falling to the ground, and she smiled. I could feel the strong taste of metal in my mouth. 
"Why are you letting a lowly human hit you!" I heard my wolf scold me in my head, and I had guessed it knew the answer. When I came to the human realm, all I had wanted was to live a normal life like the humans. When when I had rejected my second mate, I had made up my mind to forget that I was a werewolf. There was no place for us in the human realm, and I had decided to live like a human...I did not want to hurt anyone.
"Fight back or I'll do it for you." My wolf threatened and I could perceive the anger in it's voice at being hit by a human. 
"No." I said firmly in my head, wiping off the blood that had tickled down the corner of my lips. And by this time, the woman had held a metal baseball bat in her hand. Was she going to hit me with that? I thought as I watched her   the distance between us. I shuddered at the thought.
"Close your eyes, princess...I'm going to make it real quick." She said as she played with the bat.
And just when she had held it in the air, she halted, whipping her head to stare at behind us. 
Abruptly putting away the bat, she turned to stare at me one last time before running away. 
What had happened? I thought as I stared at the empty space in front of me in which the woman had been standing. 
"Phew!" I let out the breath in which I had been holding when my ears perked up involuntarily, receiving the sound of footsteps that sounded hurried. 
My jaw dropped when Alex came into view. What was he doing here?
Noticing me, he ran towards me.
"Are you okay?" He asked, patting my right cheek as soon as he got to me.
"Mhmm." I hummed in response as I nodded my head. 
But my consciousness had began to fade. I felt my vision blur as seconds passed, and I finally gave in, my vision turning black as I blanked out.
...
I could feel the sun on my face, and I could see red under my closed eyes. Tossing and turning on the bed, it seemed wider. The sheets brushing my skin did not feel like the faded ones I had back at my home. My brows furrowed as my lashes fluttered open, my eyes taking in the light. My gaze landed onto the hard white ceiling that did not look like the old ones back at where I stayed. The sound of the door handle clicking pierced through my ears and I spun my head towards the brown luxurious door that creaked open as I sat up on the bed.
My eyes landed onto Alex who had walked in, his feet glazing the marble floor.
"You are awake." I heard him say, my eyes following him as he poured a glass of water.
"You had expected me to die, had you not?" I asked as I recollected the incident from last night. My throat burned as I spoke, and Alex made his way towards the bed, handing me the glass of water in which he had poured. 
Taking it from him, I took a sip, easing my burning throat and I handed the empty glass to him.
"Wouldn't your girlfriend's wish be fulfilled if I die?" I asked, my gaze landing onto Alex's back as he returned the cup.
"Indeed." He said as he chuckled.
"She would be really pleased to have you six feet under." He said as he turned around, staring at me as his lips curled up. I could tell something flickered in his eyes, but it had vanished as quickly as it came. 
"Take a hot bath and come out for breakfast." He said, making his way to the door before halting and turning to look at me. 
Nodding my head, I watched as he stepped out, closing the door behind him.
Getting off the bed, my feet landed onto the cold floor, my muscles feeling wobbly. I guess I had really been tired yesterday. 
Standing to my feet, my gaze landed onto the only shirt in which I had been wearing for three days...it was the only one I had, after all. 
Sighing, I pushed the bathroom door open, my mouth going agape at the sight, it was truly beautiful. 
Walking in, I pulled off my clothes, sinking myself into the bath that had already been prepared for me.
Laying my head backwards, a train of questions clouded my mind from last night as the sweet scent of sandalwood hit my nostrils.
Who was the woman from last night?
###chapter 34: STAY HERE FOR NOW?
ISABELLE'S POV. 


 I had finally finished my bath.
Apparently, he had taken me to his house! Well, I guess he didn't know what to do or where to take me after I had passed out from the slap that woman gave me. 
Just who was she? 
But she had some good strength for a woman. 
Getting out of the tub, I wrapped myself up in a bathrobe, retiring to the room where I  had found the closet that had been stacked with female clothes. 
"Must be his girlfriend's." I muttered to myself as my eyes feasted themselves on the many clothes that had rested in the closet. Picking up a blue floral dress, I had worn it. Tying my hair up into a messy bun, I pulled the door open, heading out to find Alex. 
My footsteps echoed in the empty hallway as I walked through it. Getting to it's end, I was greeted by the cozily furnished living room, a black, furry Italian rug resting in the middle of the black couches that sat close to the fireplace. Walking to the couch, I placed her had on it, feeling the soft material under my touch. 
"Admiring the couch now, are we?" I heard Alex's voice say from behind me. Turning around, my gaze fell onto him as he stood, his usual smirk plastered across his face
"Maybe." I said, rolling my eyes at him.
The sound of my rumbling stomach soon pierced through the room, and my face burned with embarrassment as I stole a glance at Alex from under my long lashes. 
"Come." He said, his expression remaining serious, and I followed behind him as he made his way to the little dining area that rested to a side of the room. Getting closer to the glass table, the sweet aroma of food wafted in the air, hitting my nostrils, making my stomach rumble in excitement. 
"Shut up." I said in a shushed tone as if to reprimanded someone, but in fact, I had been talking to my stomach. 
Walking towards the glass table that could fit at least ten people, I pulled out a chair opposite Alex, settling onto it as my eyes rested onto the many dishes that sat on the table. My mouth watered at the sight, and I could feel the drool threatening to escape the corner of my lips. Had he cooked all these? I asked herself, my eyes moving, finally settling on Alex who sat, seemingly reading a newspaper. 
"The man in pink also reads the news like other men?" I muttered under my breath, and no matter how low my voice had been, Alex had caught it. Staring up, he glared at me, making me smile sheepishly, and he went back to reading the newspaper. 
"Eat." Came his voice, not looking up, and I picked up my utensils, filling up my plate with seafood from one of the many dishes. Beginning to eat, only the sound of my utensils could be heard. Occasionally stealing glances at Alex, I had noticed how he had not taken a bite from the food, and my gaze traveled to the almost empty table. When had I eaten so much? I thought, my mouth dropping in awe at my appetite. 
Stuffing my mouth with the last bit of shrimp, I chewed carefully, my eyes moving to rest on Alex again
"Is there something on my face that you keep staring at?" Came Alex's question, and by now he had stared up to look directly at me
"Huh?" I replied, my brows furrowing in confusion as I stared at him
"Perhaps you find me handsome?" He asked again, a smirk coming to form on his thin lips. 
"In your dreams." I said, rolling my eyes. He was merely half as handsome as Klinn, I thought in my mind as my gaze landed on Alex, staring at him absentmindedly. 
"Have you disappeared from earth?" Alex's voice cut through my thoughts as I blinked a couple of times, clutching the glass of water in which I had picked up.
"Who was the woman from last night?"  Alex asked, his gaze resting onto me, and by this time, I had paused from the glass of water in which I was about to take a sip from. My gaze traveled, landing onto him, and I spoke...
"I...don't know." I said, my gaze lowering. I had not known who the woman was, and I had not seen her face either. It made my shudder at the thought of someone wanting to hurt me. My mind traveled to the side of my face. 
I hissed at the pain when I had touched it, earning an amused smile from Alex who had been watching me all the while 
"You are one weird person." I heard him say, and I glared at him, dropping my hand to the side as I said...
"Not weirder than your creepy girlfriend." 
His gaze narrowed at me, but he had not said a word. 
"So you don't know the woman." He said, his gaze getting serious as he stared at me, and I  nodded.
"Mhmm." I hummed, taking a sip from the glass of water in which I had been holding. 
"It will not be safe for you to go back there as she had probably known everything about you including where you live." Alex said, his gaze hardening. 
"Why don't you stay here for now?" Alex added, 
 "uhmm I don't think I should" earning a long, hard stare from me as sat opposite him on the table, my eyes flickering with emotions he could not fathom. 
"Okay." Came my lowered voice as I stared down at the glass table. I had never thought my stay in the human realm would be so complicated. All I had wanted when I had first came here was a life not like the one in Avid mars where I was tortured everyday by my own mate. I had thought that living a life as a human would be more simpler, who knew that the humans' lives were also full of wickedness just as the wickedness of lycans. I had thought that I would live with no eyes on me, but who knew that I would now be running from someone whom was after me. Someone whom I had no idea if she was human, or probably a lycan whom had held a grudge on me.
Sighing deeply, I shook my head to get rid of the thoughts that had clouded my mind.

###chapter 35:  I LOVE YOU ,ALEX 

It had been a day since I had begun to live with Alex, and it wasn't all that awkward as Alex was home only at night. It made me wonder where he had went. It did not matter where he went, just as long as he had not killed anyone and implicated me, I thought as I cut the vegetables that were sitting on the cutting board. I had been craving porridge and had decided to make some. It took about 30 minutes to prepare, and I was finally done. Turning the stove off, I had picked up a plate in which I  poured some into. Bringing the food to my nose, I was greeted by the sweet aroma, my mouth watering. The sound of the doorbell ring pierced through my ears, cutting through my happy thoughts of food. Placing the food on the counter, I  headed for the door as I  wondered whom it might be. Might be Alex, I thought as I headed for the door, my expression deadpan. Pulling the door open, I was greeted by the woman who stood at the door, her eyes staring at me questioningly. 
Oh, no! I thought as I wracked her brain for what to say.
"Errrr...it's you again." The woman said, her face contouring in disgust as she stared at me. She was the woman whom I had thought to be Alex's girlfriend. The one who had offered to poison me at the cafe that day. I had wished to never come across her again, but who would have thought that I would be staying at Alex's apartment one day. 
Busted!  I yelled in my head.
I stared at the woman, a forced smile coming to appear on my lips.
"What are you doing here?" I heard the woman ask, and I cleared my throat, not saying a word. 
Pushing me aside, the woman had come to a stop inside the apartment, her eyes scanning it as though looking for someone. 
"Where is Alex?" She asked, her eyes resting onto me whom had by now shut the door.
"I don't know." came the short reply from me as my eyes darted around awkwardly.
"Well, I'll wait for him then." The woman said, her footsteps echoing in the room as she made her way  towards the couch, sitting gracefully onto it as her eyes rested onto the fireplace that had began to burn out.
"You still have not answered why you are here." The woman said, not turning her head to stare at me.
Taking a deep breath, I replied.
"Alex had me stay here for the mean time, I had some issues at my house." 
"Trying to curb your way up his bed, are we now?" I heard the woman say as she turned to look at me.
Abruptly standing to her feet, she took slow and steady steps towards me, her eyes holding a deadly glint.
"I know exactly who you are, Isabella Anderson." The woman said, her lips curling up into a devious smirk as she came to a stop in front of me, and I felt my throat tighten. 
"You did not expect me to not investigate you, did you?" She asked, stoking her chin as she feigned innocence.
"Turns out you were not some goody ass lady as Alex had thought you to be. You had been a slut dancer." She continued, her eyes going wide as though she had realized something important.
"Could it be that you have slept with a lot of men?" She asked rhetorically, her hand coming to cover her mouth  in dramatic shock.
"Now get this straight, Missy...Alex is my man." She finally said, her gaze getting serious as she stared at me, where I stood, my demeanor calm.
"Who said he wasn't?" I asked, staring mockingly at the woman who had begun to breathe cold air from her nostrils.
walking away from her, I had headed to the kitchen, where I found my plate of porridge had turned cold. 
...
Back in the living room, Alex had just arrived, pushing his feet inside the house only to be welcomed by the woman who sat fuming on the couch.
"Alex!" She called out, rising to her feet as she noticed him come in. 
"Mabel." Alex called out with disinterest as he watched her walk towards him.
"What are you doing here?" Alex asked, his tone not hiding his disinterest.
"Is that how you welcome me now?" He heard her ask, and by now her eyes were glassy with tears as she stared at him.
"I have never welcomed you a different way, if I can remember correctly." Alex said, his gaze empty as he stared at Mabel who felt a pang in her heart. It was indeed true. Never had Alex welcomed her with love despite being her boyfriend. Back then she had been the one to ask him out, and he had agreed to the relationship. She knew it was all play to him, but she just could not give up on him. 
"I love you, Alex." Mabel said, and the man had not stared at her. He had his gaze directed at the fireplace. 
"I hope that one day, you would remember that I am your girlfriend." She said, and by this time, she had gone to pick up her bag from the couch, walking out of the house with yet another broken heart. 
Alex stood staring into space, lost in his own world of thoughts, he had not realized me whom had come out of the kitchen carrying my heated plate of porridge. Stopping in my tracks, I stared at him, feeling sorry for both he and his girlfriend. It was rude, but I could not help eavesdropping on their conversation. Clearing my throat, Alex was brought back to reality, unknown emotions flickering in his brown eyes.
"I will get some porridge for you too." I said, heading back to the kitchen. I had thought of Alex a friend now, I had realized he wasn't that bad, his life was only just too complicated.

###chapter 36: KLINN?

I sat, having spoonfuls of porridge as I watched Alex. He had been surprisingly quiet since he got back, it made me wonder what he might be thinking. Sneaking glances at him from under my eyes, he finally stared up directly at me, the usual mischievousness coming to settle in his eyes.
"You sure enjoy staring at my handsome face, don't you?" he asked, and I puckered up my lips.
"Are you okay though?" I asked, dropping the playfulness in the air. 
"Sure, why wouldn't I be?"  He asked, continuing to stare at me as I put a spoonful of porridge in my mouth, chewing carefully, my eyes resting onto him. It had not been a lot of time I had known him, but I guess it would not hurt to have one human friend. Who knew what my wolf would think about having a human friend. It made me laugh at its possible reaction.
"Are you there?" I mind linked it, but there wasn't any response, made me wonder if it was asleep. 
"How come you're always spacing out when you are with me?" I heard Alex's voice come, piercing through the many. thoughts that went through my mind. 
"Or do you find me enchanting?" He asked again, a smirk coming to rest on his lips. 
"In your dreams." I said, rolling my eyes and it made him chuckle.
"Are you really okay?" I asked again, and he went silent. 
"Mhmm." He hummed, nodding his head, and by this time we had both went silent as neither of us had anything to say. 
"Thank you, Alex." I said, breaking through the awkward silence. 
"For having me here despite your girlfriend's obvious disapproval. I would have had no where else to go." I added, my gaze lowering. Sure, I was a werewolf, but it did not mean that I would want to be hurt. 
"It's no problem. We have become friends now, haven't we?" I heard him ask, and I smiled, feeling grateful.
"Sure." I said, and the silence prevailed.
"You really were no peaceful Lady when I met you. I bet you might have been thinking of ways to murder me when I asked you to sit with me." He said, chuckling, and I shrugged my shoulder in approval...he wasn't entirely wrong. He had acted like a maniac, smirking like a jerk. 
"You did act like a jerk." I said.
"I had thought you and your girlfriend were hired killers as she had talked about poisoning me. She is such a weirdo." A huge weirdo, I thought in my mind. She had dug deep into my background, it made me wonder if I should consider being a celebrity. Was my past life so important to her?
"She is always like that." Alex stated casually, picking up the cup of water that sat to his side and taking a sip. 
"How old are you?" I asked, my curiosity getting the best of me.
"A thousand years." He replied, his mischievous gaze landing onto me and I rolled my eyes.
"Then I probably would be a thousand years older than you are."  I said, earning a hearty chuckle from Alex. 
"You still haven't told me about your family." He said, his chuckle dying down.
I stared at him, emotions flickering in my eyes. I could feel the huge weight that had been placed on my chest. 
"My parents are...dead." I said, my voice coming out in a whisper. It was the truth. My parents had been murdered, and I had been forced to stay with my aunt.
"So sorry about that." his voice came and I smiled sadly. 
"No, it's fine."  I said
"What about my job at the cafe?" I asked, my gaze falling onto Alex who stared at me.
"I took care of it...you won't work there anymore, at least not when someone is after your well being." Alex said, and I felt my heart sink. My life was bound to have negativities wasn't it?
Was the moon goddess still punishing me?
I sighed, my eyes moving to my plate of porridge.
...
The day went by faster than I thought, and Alex had headed out, leaving me all alone in the apartment. I had been bored.
Pulling the door open, I headed out, my footsteps hitting the ground. I had never been to this side of the city, and it was rather a place for the rich. How rich was Alex? I thought as I continued to walk without a direction. 
The art like buildings all made my mind drift back to Avid mars. The buildings there were as beautiful as these. Walking more, I had came across a shop in which I decided to enter. I did not have money, and I knew I should not have entered the shop, but I did anyway. 
Pushing the glass door open, I had walked in, my eyes being greeted by the fancy paintings that were hung up on the walls.
"You could pick one that suites your taste, ma'am." The woman whom had been the attendant said, smiling as her perfect white teeth came into view.
Smiling slightly, I made my way to where many paintings had been stacked, each one of them holding a unique element. I had walked for a while when my eyes had caught a painting that rested to a side of the stack, as though it had been forgotten. Walking towards it, my hand reached for it, my fingers trailing it's surface. It was the painting of a white wolf with blue flames coming out of its eyes. It made my heart tug, as it looked harmless, yet there was an aura to the flame in it's eyes. 
Turning around, I had wanted to leave, but I had bumped into something real hard. 
"Ouch." I whined rubbing my forehead. I sure did have a fetish for bumping into things. 
Staring up, I had been met with a pair of pale blue eyes, and my breath hitched.
"Klinn?" 

###chapter 37: DON'T REMEMBER WHO YOU ARE 

Isabelle's POV 


I stared, lost in his pale blue eyes. It felt as though it was sucking me in, and I lacked the ability to look away. 
"Isabel." His voice came, masculine, yet so serene and ethereal. How I had missed him.
But reality hit me hard when my thoughts wandered to the day in which I had rejected him.
Shaking my head to get rid of the thoughts, I created a distance between us, and I could  see his brows knot.
"Nice to see you again, Mr Klinn." I said, making it known that we had turned into nothing but strangers. 
"I had looked for you everywhere." He said, his eyes resting onto me, completely ignoring my earlier words.
It did not matter anymore, I thought as my eyes darted around, avoiding his gaze.
"I need you to break the spell." He said, and I turned to meet his serious gaze, my brows furrowing in confusion.
"What spell?" I asked, and he stared at me for a while before answering.
"When you had left, I felt as though I had lost a part of me." He started, closing the distance between us.
"I had looked for you, and when I did not find you, I felt my world become meaningless." He said, his gaze piercing my very soul. 
"Will you come back to me?" He asked finally, his eyes shone hope, and my breath hitched.
Was he asking me out? 
"Are you serious?" I asked, feeling the anger that had begun to envelop me.
"Yes, yes...I'm very serious." He said, and I could feel a vein pop in my head. 
Was he not acknowledging me as his mate?
Or was it that he was human?
At the thought, I felt my heart soften. The moon goddess sure did not surprise me anymore.
"Be my girlfriend." He said, and I snapped out of my reverie, my eyes moving to rest on the man whom I had rejected, my mate.
He was still my mate, I thought. He had not accepted the rejection after all. I shrugged my shoulders.
"Yes." I said, my voice coming out as a whisper, and I could see his eyes stare expectantly at me.
"Yes, I will be your girlfriend." I said, and his lips curled up into a smile. 
I felt my breath stop as he pulled me to his embrace, hugging me tight. I leaned into his embrace, sniffing his musky masculine scent as I felt the butterflies in my tummy. Never had I thought I would get to see him again, let alone be in his embrace in a random shop.
"Let's go." He said once he pulled out of the hug, and I walked behind him.
I had come across the attendant from earlier, and she smiled knowingly at me, my face growing hot.
I followed Klinn as he walked out of the  shop, heading to the car that had been parked on the other side of the street.
He motioned for me to get in as he pulled the door to the passenger seat open.
"But I have not informed him that I am leaving." I said, worrying that Alex might look for me. 
"Him?" Klinn asked, his questioning gaze  landing onto me as I stood.
"Ah, yes. A friend whom had let me stay at his place for the meantime." I said, and I caught the glint that had flickered in his eyes.
"Oh, I see." He stated, a smug look on his face. 
"He will have to look for you then." He added, and my eyes grew wide.
Nudging me gently, I got into the car in a daze.
I watched as he got in the driver's seat, starting the car and driving off.
I stared out of the window, my eyes resting onto the beautiful sceneries of the city. The car had been enveloped by a deafening silence as neither I or Klinn had anything to say.
I soon turned, staring at his side view as he drove seriously. I felt mushy as I watched his long lashes flutter lazily, and my gaze travelled to his thin pink lips. 
"Are you hungry?"  
He asked, turning to look at me, and I could feel blood rush up to my face. I had been caught staring.
Turning away, I felt my cheeks burn.
"Are you not hungry?" He asked again, and I shook my head. 
The sound of my rumbling stomach pierced through the silence that had lingered, and I felt as though the ground should swallow me. 
I stared at Klinn from the corner of my eyes, and he had just continued driving. 
We soon arrived at a restaurant, and Klinn led me in. 
We walked until we had arrived at a separate room apart from the main restaurant. Klinn pushed the door open. and I walked behind him only to be greeted by the empty room that had been beautifully furnished with tables that were meant for customers, but not a single soul could be seen seated on them.
Walking towards a table, Klinn had pulled out a chair for me, and I sat, getting comfortable. I watched as he pulled out the chair opposite me, sitting gracefully onto it.
"How come there's just us here when there are so many tables?" I asked, my curiosity getting the best of me.
"Not everyone is rich enough to afford this room." He replied, a smirk coming to rest on his face. Something I had never witnessed.
 "Ahh...I see." I said, tearing my gaze away from him, my eyes coming to rest on the card that rested on the table.
Picking it up, I had read through it.I
"You can order whatever you like." Klinn's voice came, and my eyes moved to rest on him for a second, before continuing to gaze onto the many dishes that had been listed on the menu.
In the end, I had ordered some sea food and beef.
Seeing the food that had decorated the table, my mouth watered. I had not realized I was so hungry until now. 
Picking up my utensils, I began to eat, stuffing my mouth with food like my life depended on it. It had been merely few hours, but the situation had changed once more, and I was sitting in the most expensive room of a restaurant, having a meal with my mate in which I had previously rejected. 
While we were done eating, Klinn paid the bill, leading me out of the room.
We had walked along the hallway again, heading to the open space in which more tables had rested, people sitting on them and having a meal. We had berely walked two steps into the main restaurant when a feminine voice pierced through I and Klinn's ears.
Turning around, I was met with the questioning gaze of a lady who looked yo be in her twenties, her pale white skin complementing the red dress in which she had put on. She was human.
"Nice to meet you here, Sir." She said, and my gaze turned to rest on Klinn who had a smug look on his face.
"I don't think I remember who you are." Came his Curt words, and I could see the disappointed look in her eyes.
My thoughts wandered to whom she might be until my head hurt. In the end, Klinn had dismissed her, leading me to the car where we got in, driving off into the night.

###chapter 38: SHE HAS GONE MISSING 
Alex's POV. 

I walked, my footsteps hitting the sidewalk, I had left home to clear my head, Leaving Isabel on her own. She can handle herself, I thought as I continued to walk.
I stared up at the sky, where orange and purple had painted it.
Heaving a frustrated sigh, I continued to walk aimlessly. 
I had been embarrassed to talk about Mabel while i was with Isabel earlier as it was complicated. 
She had asked me out a long time ago when we were still in highschool, and like a teenager, I had not thought about it and just said yes, hoping that it wouldn't be too bad. But I realized that I had not loved her. 
My thoughts wandered as I continued to walk aimlessly on the street, until my phone vibrated.
I pulled out my phone, halting in my steps to stare at a message that had popped up on the screen.
It was from Mabel. My eyes moved as I read it, and my brows furrowed the more I read it.
She had asked me to meet her at a nearby cafe.
... 
Pushing the glass door open, I walked in, my eyes searching the tables until it rested onto the woman that sat alone on a deserted table, sipping from a glass of orange juice. I walked towards her, my gaze not leaving her face. Once I reached, I pulled out the chair opposite her, settling onto it.
"Would you like a drink?" She asked, stars shone in her eyes, but my smug look had not wavered. I bet she could tell I was not ready for tricks and needed her to get down to business. 
I noticed the pout that had come to rest on her lips, but I did not care. All I needed  was for her to go straight to the point.
"I'm pregnant." She finally said, and I did not miss the way she rubbed her tummy gently. What was she talking about? I thought as my gaze travelled to rest on her belly.
"What?" I asked, not sure if I had gotten her words clear.
"I'm pregnant." She repeated, a smile coming to rest on her face.
"And it's yours." She added, her gaze moving to rest on me. 
"It cannot be." I stated, it couldn't be mine.
"Do you imply that I am lying or cheating?" She asked, her face contouring in anger, and she rose to her feet, gaining some attention from nearby tables. 
"The child is yours. Do you really not believe me anymore because you found someone else?" She said, and by this time, tears had run down her cheeks.
"I will be a father to the child." I said, my gaze getting serious, and by now she had sat down, wiping her tear stained cheeks.
"Really?" She asked, her face beaming.
"Well then, let's go get my wedding dress now, and the invitations, there's no time to prepare..." she blabbered about, but I had stopped her.
"Look..." I began, and I could see the confused look on her face.
"I will be a father to the child. I will take responsibility, but it does not mean that we are getting married." I said, and her face fell in despair.
"What?" She asked, seemingly not comprehending me.
"I will not marry you." I stated bluntly, and her face fell, her eyes getting moist. It was something I was used to. Mabel had always been the type to cry about everything, and now was not an exception.
"Do you not want our child to have a complete family?" she asked, tears threatening to escape her eyes.
"He will have a complete family. Just not the one where his parents are married I said, feeling apologetic, and she kept mute, digesting the information. 
" I will leave now." I said, and she stared at me in a daze.
Rising to my feet, the screeching sound of the chair reverberated throughout the room, catching the attention of people who had been seated in other tables.
Walking out, I ignored the stares that had been directed at me, thanks to Mabel.
Hailing a taxi, I got in the back seat, gazing outside the window as my thoughts wandered. Was the child really mine? I thought as I stared out the window.
For what seemed like a hour, i was lost in thought. The taxi soon came to a stop in front of my apartment, and I got out, paying the driver. I stood to the the side, watching the car zoom off, and I sighed deeply before heading inside. 
I walked through the narrow hallway, my footsteps echoing until it came to a halt in front of my room.
Who knew if Isabel was asleep. Gazing at the door that rested opposite mine, I had decided not to disturb her.
Finally pushing my room door open, I walked in, letting myself fall onto my bed as I stared up at the ceiling. Was that the reason she had come here in the morning?
To tell me she was pregnant?
Rising from the bed abruptly, I pealed off my clothes, heading to the bathroom where I had taken a bath. I let the water pour for what seemed like hours until I had finally turned the shower off, stepping out. 
I got dressed in some loose shirt and pants, walking out to look for Isabel.
Knocking on the door of the opposite room, there was no response, and my brows furrowed. Had she fallen asleep so deep? I thought.
Turning the handle slowly, I pushed the door open, my eyes squinting as I waited for her to scold me, but it never came.
Walking in, I turned on the lights and my eyes scanned the room, landing onto the bed that had been made neatly. 
"Isabel?" I called out, walking deeper into the room, wondering where she had gone.
Walking towards the bathroom door, I pushed it open only to find it empty.
Where had she gone?
Walking hurriedly out of the room, I went to get my phone intending to call her until I was hit by the sudden realization that she did not have a phone.
"Sh*t" I cursed, fisting my hair as I held the phone, staring at the screen.
Dialling a number, it was picked up on the third ring.
"Hello?" I said, and I proceeded to report the situation.
"Wait until forty-eight hours before reporting her missing." The feminine voice said, and I bit my cheeks, what was I supposed to do?
Calling someone else, I put the phone to my ear.
"She has gone missing." I said once the call got connected, and silence prevailed on the other end until it broke.
"Find her!"

###chapter 39: THE MYSTERIOUS LADY 
Isabella's POV 

We had driven into the night, neither of us  saying a word as  the deafening silence prolonged. I stared out of the window, my thoughts wandering. As I  thought of the  incidents that had happened, it felt as though I was living in someone else's life. 
My thoughts wandered to the night before in which someone had tried to hurt me. 
I ran, my hair being carried by the wind. My throat burned and my head hurt, but I had not stopped running, I could  not stop. I could hear her closing in, and I proceeded to run faster, feeling the blood in my body rush up to my nose. Why was she after me? I thought as I had continued to run. I would have morphed into my wolf, but I guess it now understood that the human realm was not our territory, and thus, it had told me to run. Running into a corner, it had been a dead end. I stood staring at it, wondering what to do. I could hear her footsteps get closer. Crouching, I had bent with my hand on my chest, taking in all the air I could take in.  "Oh, Princess Isabel met an end?" I had heard her say behind me, and I turned to stare at the woman who had hid her face behind a black hoodie. How did she know my name? Was she perhaps someone in which Alex's girlfriend had sent to murder me? I still wondered 
"Who are you?" I had asked, my throat burning as I stared at her closing in. "That, my dear...you do not need to know. Let's just get this done and over with." She said, and I had seen the sinister smirk on her lips that were visible from under the hoodie.  Reaching me, she had slapped me across the face, sending me falling to the ground, and she smiled. I could feel the strong taste of metal in my mouth.  
She had strength, strong for a human. 
"Why are you letting a lowly human hit you!" I heard my wolf scold me in my head, and I had guessed it knew the answer. When I came to the human realm, all I had wanted was to live a normal life like the humans. When I had rejected my second mate, I had made up my mind to forget that I was a werewolf. There was no place for us in the human realm, and I had decided to live like a human...I did not want to hurt anyone. "Fight back or I'll do it for you." My wolf had threatened and I could perceive the anger in its voice at me being hit by a human.  "No." I said firmly in my head, wiping off the blood that had tickled down the corner of my lips. And by this time, the woman had held a metal baseball bat in her hand. Was she going to hit me with that? I had thought as I watched her close the distance between us.
 I shuddered at the thought.
 "Close your eyes, princess...I'm going to make it real quick." She said as she played with the bat. And just when she had held it in the air, she halted, whipping her head to stare at behind her. Abruptly putting away the bat, she turned to stare at me one last time before running away.  I stared at the empty space in front of me in which the woman had been standing. I let out the breath in which I had been holding when my ears perked up involuntarily, receiving the sound of footsteps that sounded hurried.  My jaw dropped when Alex came into view. What was he doing here? Noticing me, he ran towards me. "Are you okay?" He had asked, patting my right cheek as soon as he got to me. "Mhmm." I hummed in response as I nodded my head. But my consciousness had began to fade. I felt my vision blur as seconds passed, and I finally gave in, my vision turning black as I blanked out. 
Alex had taken me to his house that night and treated my wounds. . Just who was that woman?
 I had woken with the feel of  the sun on my face, and I could see red under my closed eyes. Tossing and turning on the bed, it seemed wider. The sheets brushing my skin did not feel like the faded ones I had back at my home.My gaze landed onto the hard white ceiling that did not look like the old ones back at where I stayed. It didn't take me long to know where I was.
  Alex  had walked in, his feet glazing the marble floor. "You are awake." I heard him say, my eyes following him as he poured a glass of water. "You had expected me to die, had you not?" I asked as I recollected the incident from last night. My throat burned as I spoke, and Alex made his way towards the bed, handing me the glass of water in which he had poured. Taking it from him, I took a sip, easing my burning throat and I handed the empty glass to him. "Wouldn't your girlfriend's wish be fulfilled if I die?" I asked, my gaze landing onto Alex's back as he returned the cup. "Indeed." He said as he chuckled. "She would be really pleased to have you six feet under." He said as he turned around, staring at me as his lips curled up. I could tell something flickered in his eyes, but it had vanished as quickly as it came.  "Take a hot bath and come out for breakfast." He had said, making his way to the door before halting and turning to look at me. 
I left without saying a goodbye or thank you 
*********
We had driven for an hour or two, and we soon came to a stop inside Klinn's home. The home in which I had left days ago. 
As I alighted the  car, my eyes travelled to the fountain that had been lit up, and I felt my heart flutter at the serenity. 
I walked behind Klinn as he led me into the mansion, our footsteps echoing as we made our way into the spacious living room.

###chapter 40: HAD LEFT FOR WORK EARLY 
"Sir." A maid called out with a bow, and Klinn nodded, walking up the stairs as I followed behind him. It felt like an eternity since I have been here, and I could remember myself walking down this very stairs after rejecting him. 
I soon came to a stop behind Klinn, and he shifted to the side, showing me the door that led to a room different from his.
Pushing the door open, it creaked, and I walked in, my eyes scanning the room as he followed behind me.
"You can stay here." He said, and my gaze moved to look at him before it went to rest in the feminine looking room again. Had he had this room all along? I asked myself. 
Perhaps he has had a girlfriend in the past who used to own this room. I felt my stomach dip in jealousy at the thought.
"Thank you." I said, walking towards the dressing table that sat to a side of the room.
"I'll go have them prepare a light dinner." Klinn said, and I heard his footsteps echo until it faded behind the door that creaked before clicking closed. 
I walked towards the king sized bed, feeling it dip as I sat, my eyes continuing to scan the room. 
I sat there, not knowing what to do, and I finally got tired, heading out.
"Madam." A maid called out, bowing her head when I walked into what looked like the dining room where she had been preparing the table, and I paused. Madam?
"Is there anything I could help with?" I asked, trying to be polite, easing the awkwardness that had woven into the air.
"Ah...how can the madam possibly work?" she asked, shaking her head to dismiss my offer, and my cheeks turned hot. I was certainly not used to being called "Madam".
I sighed, and the maid took it for disapproval.
"Have I offended you ma?" she asked, and my eyes went wide as they moved to stare at her as she pursed her lips. Her big brown eyes rested onto the floor, seemingly not able to look at me.
"Ah, no, no." I said, shaking my head frantically as to not let her think she had offended me.
"What's the matter." Klinn's voice came, and I turned to see him come to stand beside me, his piercing gaze landing onto the maid that stood,  her head hung low in despair.
"Nothing much." I shrugged, turning to look at her as she sweat bullets.
"Is the meal ready yet?" Klinn asked, and she nodded, trying to be natural despite I could see her uneasiness.
"No worries." I said to her, and she nodded, leaving the place.
I and Klinn stared at the door where she had faded, and I turned to look at Klinn when he spoke. 
"Already acting like a madam, are we?" He asked, a mischievous smirk coming to rest on his lips. Something I had never witnessed
Rolling my eyes, I proceeded to pull out a chair in which I sat. 
Neither of us said a word, and Klinn proceeded to pull out the chair at the head of the table, sitting on it. 
Soon, the meal was served, and I dug in, eating without saying a word. 
When we were done eating, I headed back to my room where I took a bath. 
After I was done with the bath, I headed back to the bed where I was hit by the realization that I had no extra clothes. 
The door creaked open just then, and I turned to see Klinn walk in, dressed in a new pair of clothes. His hair looked wet, and I figured he had also taken a bath.
"What is it?" He asked as he met my worried look.
"I have no clothes to wear." I said, my eyes moving to the clothes I had been wearing earlier as it rested onto the bed.
"Come with me." He said, and I walked behind him, feeling completely embarrassed. My eyes searching around wearily, I was dressed only in a bathrobe with nothing underneath.
He soon led me to his room where he pulled out a pair of female pyjamas from his closet. 
I stared at him, not saying a word as he handed the clothes to me.
"Thank you." I said, accepting them as I turned around, leaving. 
I couldn't help but still wonder if he once had a girlfriend or just happened to have female things lying around. 
Once I was done changing in my room, Iaid on the bed, my eyes resting onto the ceiling as my thoughts wandered to Alex. He must be panicking by now, I thought. 
Sighing deeply, I had decided that I was going to contact him tomorrow. But as I thought about it, I figured I had no means of contacting him. How was I supposed to tell him I was okay, I asked myself.
Drawing in a breath, I closed my eyes. I was going to figure out something by tomorrow. 
My thoughts wandered for a bit before I finally drifted off. 
...
The morning soon came, and my eyes fluttered open, welcoming the reality. 
I stared up at the white ceiling, feeling lazy. But in the end, I had gotten out of the bed, my feet landing onto the cold marble floor. 
Heading to the bathroom, I freshened up and changed into the clothes I had been wearing yesterday.
Tying my hair up into a messy bun, I proceeded to head downstairs to the dining room. Once I reached, I met the room empty, and I scanned around, my eyes looking for Klinn.
Perhaps he was not awake yet. Walking to the table, I pulled out a chair in which I sat.
Soon, the food was served, but Klinn was still nowhere to be found. 
"Sir had left for work early today." One of the maids said as she placed the tea cup in front of me. 
I felt my mood dim upon hearing her words, and I ate alone in silence.

###chapter 41: APPOINTMENT 
Klinn's POV. 

It felt like a dream when I met her at the antique shop. I had thought that I would never get to see her again, but it looked like God had plans for us. 
I stared up at the ceiling, my gaze focused on its texture, yet my mind was elsewhere. 
She had settled in the room opposite mine.
My thoughts had wandered until the knock on the door pierced through my ears. 
"Come in." I commanded, not glancing at the door, and a maid walked in just as the door creaked open. I turned to see her bow her head.
"Dinner will be ready in five minutes, sir." She said, and I nodded my head in approval.
I watched as she left, and I finally got off of the bed, going to the bathroom and splashing some water on my face. 
I headed out. 
My eyes landed onto the closed door of the room opposite mine, and I had the urge to push the door open in order to check what she was up to, but I decided against it.
I knocked on the door a couple of times, earning no response and I finally turned the handle, pushing the door open as I walked in. 
"Isabel?" I called out as my eyes scanned the empty room.
Moving to the bathroom, I pushed the door open, but she was not there either.
Walking out of the room, I alighted the stairs hurriedly. Where had she gone?
I was scared to think that she had left again. But why would she leave, I thought as I continued to alight the stairs. 
"Have you seen her?" I asked a maid that had passed by as soon as I reached the end of the stairs, and she stared at me, confusion marred her face before it morphed into realization.
"Ah, yes. I had seen madam walk into the dining room." She said, and I walked towards the dinning room, not sparing the maid another glance. 
I walked into the room to see her standing with a maid, and I felt my heartbeat slow down. 
"What's the matter?" I asked, coming to stand beside Isabel. I had noticed the air that had begun to brew between them.
"Nothing much." Isabel said, and my gaze turned to look at her where she shrugged her shoulders. 
"Is the meal ready yet." I questioned, and the maid nodded 
"No worries." I heard Isabel say, and the maid nodded, leaving the place. 
I stared at Isabel, feeling a tug at my heart. 
"Already acting like a madam, are we?" I asked, a smirk coming to rest on my face. An expression that I had perfected over time. 
Rolling her eyes, she pulled out a chair in which she sat, and I followed suit.
Soon, dinner was served, and we began to eat, neither of us saying a word.
After the meal, I watched as she retired to her room, and I headed for my room an hour later, after I had taken a walk.
I took a bath, letting the water hit my body, and when I was done, I changed into a new pair of clothes.
Walking out of the room, I decided to see how Isabel was doing.
I pushed her room door open, the creaking sound reverberating throughout the entire hallway. I walked in to see her standing, a troubled expression marrying her face. 
"What is it?" I asked as I walked into the room, my questioning gaze landing on her. 
"I have no clothes to wear." She said, and her gaze travelled to the clothes in which she had been wearing earlier as it laid on the bed. My gaze followed her.
"Come with me." I said as I led her to my room where I had stacked some female clothes in my closet. I had done them in advance as I had not gotten the right closet for her room.
Pulling out a pair of pyjamas from the wardrobe, I turned around, handing them over to her, and I saw the glint of astonishment that flickered in her eyes before it vanished.
"Thank you." She said, taking the clothes and heading out of my room. 
I watched as she closed the door behind her, and I stared on for a couple of minutes before tearing my gaze away from it.
I walked to the bed where I had sunk onto it.
I stared into space, sleep far away from me until the sound of my ringing phone pierced through my ears.
I picked up the phone that rested onto the side table, putting it to my ear.
"Hello?" 
"Took you long enough." Grimm said from the other end, and I stared expressionlessly into space.
"What's up?" I asked
"You don't sound happy that I called." He said, and I was sure I was about to roll my eyes.
"About the seminar...have you thought about it?" He asked, and I felt an emotion envelope me.
"Hello?" He called out when I kept mute.
"I will go." I said, my expression turning serious. 
I did not know what emotions were, but ever since Isabel had come into my life, she had forced them out of me. Things that I had never felt. The breathless feeling when she was absent. Her ability to control what I felt left me perplexed, and I had made up my mind to find out what they were. 
"So you'll be coming then?" Grimm asked, cutting into my thoughts.
"Yes, I will." I responded, and I heard Grimm chuckle.
"What exactly is up with you, Klinn?" He asked, and I did not say a word.
"When is the seminar again?" I asked, ignoring his question and he proceeded to speak.
"It's next week." 
"Okay." Came my short reply, and I ended the call.
I proceeded to call David who had told me my schedules for tomorrow.
"You are to meet the head of sales of the skyrise industries and finalize the contract with Sun Tech. Industries. The contract signing is the first thing in the morning sir, and I'm afraid you will have to be here as early as possible if you want to meet up with the clients sir." He said
"Is that all?"
"Yes sir. Your only appointments for tomorrow" came his reply. 
"Okay, very well then, see you tomorrow." I said and ended the call, placing the phone on the side table.
Staring at the ceiling for a while longer, I soon drifted off to sleep.
...
My eyes fluttered open, and I turned to see the table clock hit 5:00 AM in the morning. 
Getting out of bed, exercised, freshened up, and changed into a black long sleeve shirt in which I had tucked under a black pants, a blue tie hanging from my neck.
Putting on my suit, I clad my feet in some shoes, walking out of the house. I headed for the car where my driver Eric had been waiting for me.
Entering the car, he drove off.

###chapter 42: UNKNOWN VOICE 

Klinn's POV..... 

I alighted the car once we got to the office, heading into the building where David awaits me by the door. 
"She is not here yet, sir." He said, following behind me as I walked towards the elevator. 
Entering, the door closed, and I picked up my phone from my pocket, my eyes resting onto the lit screen.
"How long until the appointment?" I asked, my gaze not leaving my phone.
"An hour, sir." Answered David and I nodded my head, my eyes finally leaving the phone screen to rest on the closed door of the elevator, placing the phone back into my pocket.  
"Would you like coffee, sir?" David asked and I nodded. Indeed, I would like some coffee as I had not had breakfast before coming.
The door opened with a ding, and I stepped out if the elevator, David following behind me as I walked to my office where I pushed the glass door open, walking in.
Dropping the documents on my desk, he had gone to get me coffee. Somewhere in my heart, I was relieved to have him back. And not that woman whom had been his substitute while he was gone. Her perfume gave me an unsettling feeling. 
Picking up the documents, my eyes scanned through them until David's footsteps echoed in the room again.
Placing the cup on the table, my eyes had subconsciously moved to look at it.
I picked it up, bringing it close to my lips where I took a sip.
"You may leave now." I said, waving my hand and motioning for him to leave, and I caught his words as he mumbled.
"Do you still need your job, David?" I asked when he was about to leave, and he stuttered, knowing fully well I had heard his earlier words.
"Yes...sir." He replied, pulling the door open and walking out.
Seconds passed, and then minutes, and it was finally time for my appointment.
David had informed me that the head of sales of the investing company had arrived.
I walked to the meeting room where I found a woman waiting for me.
"Hello, my name is Margaret Morgan." She said, stretching out her hand for a handshake in which I accepted.
"Nice to meet you." I said, staring at the woman who's name was Margaret. She looked to be in her mid twenties, her dirty blonde hair styled richly. 
Done with the formalities, we sat, discussing the new game. For what seemed like hours, we discussed until the last moments.
"It would be best if you let skyrise do the launching, as you see, skyrise is part of the top 20 most reputable companies here in New York." she said, offering a smile.
"Lest you forget, skyrise has only just invested in this." I responded, my gaze expressionless as I stared at her.
"You should think about it over the weekend, Mr Ethan." She said, her smile not wavering as she got up to her feet, heading out as David led her. 
I stared at the space in front of me, my gaze hardening.
...
"Do you need anything, sir?" David asked once he came back, but I ignored him, rising to my feet as I headed out.
"What other schedule do I have today?" I asked as I walked towards the elevator, David following behind me.
"The finalizing of the contract with Sun Tech, sir." He answered, and I nodded, handing him the documents in which I had been holding, entering the elevator without him.
The day soon slowly passed by and I was finally done with my schedules for the day. 
I head for the elevator and stood for seconds until the ding pierced through my ears. I had reached the ground floor. 
"I walked to the garage where I found the car waiting for me. Getting in, I headed for the cafe in which Grimm had texted me to meet him at.
The whole ride was quiet as I thought of Isabel. I figured I had no way to contact her, and I wondered why she did not have a phone. 
"We have arrived." The chauffeur announced, cutting into the trains of thoughts that had clouded my mind.
Stepping out if the car, I proceeded to walk into the cafe, my eyes searching until it fell onto the man who was sitting on a deserted table, seemingly enjoying a glass of wine.
"Some example you are to your patients." I said once I reached him, referring the the glass of wine in which had had taken a sip from.
"You know how much I love wine, Klinn." He said, shrugging his shoulder and I pulled out a chair, settling onto it as I rolled my eyes. 
"There are always non alcoholic ones, I'm case you forgot." I said, and he chuckled heartily. Grimm was unlike me, a smile marrying his face always.
"Tsk...always so ready to crucify me when I am trying so hard to get you back to normal." He said, clicking his tongue as he shook his head.
Turning to look at me, he had shut his mouth at my glare. 
"Fine, no more jokes." He said, and I was ready to listen to whatever he needed to say.
"Has any new emotion spiked?" He asked, and I nodded, my gaze getting serious. Our last therapy session had been interrupted by a doctor whom had stole Grimm away.
"Same woman?" He asked, and I nodded again.
My eyes followed him as he pulled out a book and a pen from his pocket.
"Anything else?" He asked, opening the book and scribbling something on it.
"A voice." I said, and he raised his head to stare at me. 
"A voice in my head. I had thought I had been hallucinating as I heard it first when I was drunk, but it came again." I said, my gaze not wavering from looking at him.
"What did it say?" Grimm asked, and I was about to answer.
"Do you need anything sir." feminine voice pierced through my ears, and I turned to see the waitress who had interrupted us, waiting for my order. 
"Nothing." I said, and she nodded walking away.
"Mate." I replied to Grimm's earlier question, and I did not miss the glint that flickered in his eyes before it vanished.
"This is not the right place to have this session." Grimm said, his gaze hardening and I nodded. Perhaps it was a serious situation than I had imagined.
Chatting with Grimm for a little while, I headed out of the cafe to the car where I got in, driving home.
I stared out of the window as the car made it's way through the city, the orange and purple rays of sunset painting the horizon. 

###chapter 43:  A DIFFERENT SIDE 
Isabelle's POV 


After breakfast I had retired to my room, trying to contact my wolf whom had not responded to me. I paced back and forth, feeling restless until I finally settled on the bed, drifting off.
By the time I had woke up, it was evening, and the sun had began to hide beneath the clouds. 
I stretched my body, yawning as I covered my mouth with my hand. 
Getting out of the bed, I walked downstairs where Klinn had just walked in, his gaze landing onto me.
"You're back." I said, walking towards him. I had wrapped my arms around his waist, hugging him. I had not known why I did it, but I felt the sudden urge to hug him. 
Pulling away, my gaze traveled to look at him where he remained expressionless.
"Ain't you a loving girlfriend, Greeting me with hugs and kisses when I'm back from work" He finally said, a smirk coming to rest on his lips, and my eyes went wide. When had I kissed him.
"When did I kiss you?!" I demanded, feeling my cheeks grow hot and he chuckled. What exactly happened to him, I thought in my head. Since when did he start to laugh or chuckle?
Despite the astonishment, I felt my heart  turn warm from watching his smile, and I noticed the dimple that had appeared on his cheek. Why hadn't I noticed that before?
Shaking my head to get rid of the thoughts, Klinn had planted a kiss on my forehead, catching me off guard.
"I missed you." He said, and I felt my heart stop. Since when was he so cheesy?
Perhaps he had drank a little of cheese before coming home? 
"Did you go out for dinner?" I asked, and he stared at me before shaking his head.
"Why?" He asked
"Nothing." I responded, walking beside him as he climbed the stairs.
"I was thinking if I could inform my friend where I am?" I said, and Klinn had not halted. Instead, he continued to walk, coming to a stop in front of his room.
"You mean the one you had been staying with?" He asked, and I nodded.
"Mhmm." I hummed 
"How exactly do you plan on contacting him?." Klinn asked, and I fiddled with the hem of my dress.
"I was thinking if I could visit him." I said, patiently waiting for Klinn's answer.
"Sure." He finally said, and I beamed. 
"I'll just go and change." He said, and nodded my head vigorously.
After he had changed, we both headed out to the place in which he had picked me up yesterday. 
The whole ride was quiet as he focused on driving.
Once we reached, I stepped out of the car, heading for Alex's apartment in which I rang the doorbell.
The door was soon pulled open and I came face to face with Alex who stared at me in shock.
"You wicked being!" He yelled, and I felt my ears begin to go numb.
"Where did you run off to?!" He asked, pulling me by the arm, his eyes scanning my face to check if I was real. 
"Ahh...slow down." I said, and he glared at me before his eyes moved to rest on Klinn who stood beside me.
"This is Klinn, my boyfriend." I said, and I watched his jaw drop. He was probably wondering how I got a boyfriend so fast, but it was something he will never be able to understand.
"Nice to meet you." Klinn said, and Alex nodded.
"Now that you have seen each other, we should go." Klinn said, and I turned to stare wide eyed at him. 
"Can I at least have your number?" Alex  said, and I turned to stare sheepishly at him.
"I do not have a phone." I said, and his jaw dropped. 
"One human you are, Belle." Alex said, and I felt the cold air that had began to cone from Klinn.
"Why don't you write your number down and hand it over to me?" I offered, and Alex nodded, retiring into the apartment.
He handed me the piece of paper when he got back, and I bid him goodbye, entering the car where Klinn had drove off.
"Where are we going?" I asked, and Klinn had not said a word. Was he mad? I thought as I stole glances at him. Why was he mad though?
We rode into the night, neither of us saying a word, and I stared out of the window, wondering what must have upset him.
"Hey." I mind linked my wolf, knowing that it would not reply, but it had surprised me.
"What?" it asked, it's voice sounding irritated and I rolled my eyes.
"You have not been speaking lately." 
"I have nothing to say." it responded.
"Mate jealous." it said, and my eyes went wide as I turned to look at Klinn who's brows had knotted unconsciously.
All turned quite again.
We soon came to a stop inside the mansion, Klinn walking ahead of me into the house where he vanished. Heaving a deep sigh, I headed to my room where I freshened up, changing into a pair of pajamas.
Soon, I went down for dinner where I had not found Klinn. I ate in silence as I stared at the door, hoping that he would come, but he never did.
I headed to my room after I had finished eating, where I had sunk onto my bed, my eyes staring up at the ceiling, my imaginations went wild.
I soon drifted off to sleep.
...
Another morning came, bringing it with new hopes and aspirations. My eyes fluttered open, and my thoughts traveled to last night when I had not seen Klinn since she got back. Getting off the bed, I proceeded to make it. Once I was done, I was about to head for the bathroom when I caught something from the corner of my eye. Turning, I stared intently at the screen that shimmered from the sunlight that hit it. There was a note that had been stuck to it. 
Picking it uo, my eyes moved as I read through it.
"I figured I had been a bad boyfriend by not considering your needs. I decided to get you a phone as my first boyfriend deed." 
I smiled, feeling my heart flutter at his cuteness.
I had never thought Klinn would have this side to him. A different side where he had the ability to be cheesy. What had changed?
Turning the phone on, I found his number had been stored in it.
Placing it back on the side table, I proceeded to head to the bathroom where I freshened up.

###chapter 44: NICE TO HAVE KATHERINE BACK 
Klinn's POV. 


I had placed the new phone by her bedside, hoping that she would see it as soon as she woke up, and now as I sat in my office, my thoughts wandered about, finally getting cut by the sound of the door that had slid open.
"Sir, someone has come to look for you. She said her name was Kate." David's voice came as soon as he walked into the office, and my brows knotted at the name in which he had mentioned. Kate? 
"Let her in." My voice came, and David nodded, turning around and leaving. 
After a minute had passed, he pushed the door open again, walking in with a woman following behind him.
Bowing his head, he left, and my eyes moved to rest on the woman who was dressed in a casual coffee brown dress, her black hair styled with some strands falling onto the side of her face. I recognized her at once.
"Been long, huh?" She asked when she came face to face with me, a bright smile marrying her face, and I went ahead to offer her a smile.
Pulling out the chair she settled onto it gracefully, placing her bag on the table in front of her.
"I hadn't asked you to sit." I pointed out, the smile not leaving my face and she rolled her eyes. She had not changed a bit. I had known Katherine for about five to six years now, and only she knew about my condition apart from Grimm.
"Your smile looks real." She stated, her eyes sweeping lazily over my face, and my smile lowered until it faded completely.
"Last time I had seen you, you had tried so hard to perfect a simple smile. What exactly had I missed?" She asked, and I smirked as I responded.
"A lot."
"I figured." She said, and I nodded knowingly.
"Have you perhaps found a woman now?" 
"I have." I stated, and she stared at me, as if not believing my words.
"You're not being serious, are you?" She asked, and I shrugged my shoulder.
"Oh, my. You wouldn't have invited me to your wedding if I had not come back huh?" She asked, and I kept mute.
"Ouch!" She exclaimed, placing her hand on her chest to exercise hurt.
"How had Seattle been?" I asked, my gaze getting serious, and the playfulness on her face fell.
"Not exactly great, but it was not bad either." 
"It wasn't bad at least." I stated.
"Uh huh."
Just then, Anne walked in with some papers in her hands. She was the substitute assistant whom had filled in for David while he had been away.
"Sir, David asked that I hand these to you." She said, walking towards the table where I accepted the papers from her.
Turning around, she walked away, fading away behind the closed door, and I turned to see Katherine staring in the direction in which she had left.
"Is it just me, or does she like you?" Katherine said as she turned to me, her eyes shone mischievousness as a smirk came to rest on her lips.
I had not said a word. I did not care if she liked me.
Just then, the sound of my ringing phone pierced through our ears, and I took out my phone to see it was Isabel.
"Hello?" I called out, putting the phone to my ear, and her voice came from the other end.
"I got your note." She said, and I smiled unconsciously. I had felt guilty for not getting her a phone.
"That's good then. And how do you like my attempts at being a good boyfriend?" I asked, my gaze moving to rest on Katherine whose eyes had went wide in realization.
She had mouthed for us to have lunch together after.
"I'll pick you up for lunch later." I said, and Isabel hummed in approval.
  Once the call got disconnected, Katherine burst out.
"A good boyfriend, really?!" She squealed
    
"I had not known that you could be this..."
She tried to say but shut her mouth at the glare I had directed at her. 
"Fine, fine...I will let you off this time." she said, shaking her head helplessly.
We talked for a while, and Katherine soon stepped out to get us a cup of coffee while I looked at the documents in which Anne had brought.
She soon walked in, carrying a cup of coffee, and my eyes moved from the papers to stare at her.
Taking a seat on the sofa that rested to a side of the room, she stared at the cup before bringing it to her lips, taking a sip.
"Why are you staring at me like that?" She asked once she noticed my confused stare.
"Where's mine?" I asked, referring to the cup in her hand, and she stared blankly at me before saying...
"There was only a cup of latte left"
"You prefer the cappuccino." She pointed out, and I turned, focusing on the work in front of me.
We sat in the office for hours, me burying myself in a pile of work, and Katherine doing something on her phone.
An hour more, I was done. Picking up my phone from where it sat on the table, I informed Katherine that we would be leaving to have lunch, and she beamed at the thought if meeting Isabel.
We walked to the company garage where the car had been parked, waiting for us. 
Getting in, the chauffeur drove off.
I picked Isabel up, and the trio of us headed for a restaurant.
...
"Sir." The receptionist called out with a bow as we walked into the restaurant, and I nodded in acknowledgement. Walking to a nearby table, I pulled out a chair in which Isabel sat in, and I could see the question swirling in her eyes as she stared at Katherine who looked happy to see her. I had forgotten to introduce them.
"Katherine, this is Isabel... my girlfriend." I said, and Katherine smiled, stretching out her hand for a handshake at Isabel who took it.
"Nice to finally meet you, Isabel. I am Klinn's long lost friend" She said.
"How did you manage to make this ice melt?" Katherine asked, her question directed at Isabel as she referred to me. 
My gaze turned to Isabel, and I caught the little blush that had painted her cheeks.
"Now, now...let's all not talk about unimportant stuff." I said, dismissing Katherine's question. 
Soon, the waiter had served the food, and we all ate, Katherine doing most of the talking as I and Isabel listened, Isabel giggling most of the time. Both ladies seemed to be getting along just fine, and it put my mind to ease. 
"It's nice to have you back, Katherine." I said, and she smiled.

###chapter 45: WHEN HAD HE BECOME SUCH A TALKATIVE? 
Isabelle's POV.. 


I had just finished my breakfast, and I was contemplating on whether to call Klinn or not. He was probably at work by now. 
In the end, I picked up the phone from the bedside table, calling him.
"Hello?" His voice came after the third ring, and I felt my breath hitch from hearing his voice from the phone. Masculine, yet so charming. I felt my heart flutter.
"I only called to test it.  The phone, I mean. Plus, I got your note." I said with so much difficulty, and I waited for his reply.
" That's good then. And how do you like my attempts at being a good boyfriend?" He asked, and I could imagine the smirk on his face as he said it.
"Silly." I stated, feeling my cheeks grow hot.
"I'll pick you up for lunch later." He said
"Mhmm." came my hum of approval.
And with that, I disconnected the call, clutching the phone tightly in my hand as I stared at it for another minute. 
Placing the phone on the bedside table, I had worn a pair of slippers in which I had found in the room, heading out.
"Madam." A maid called out, bowing her head as I alighted the stairs. I was still not used to being called madam, but I felt too weak to argue about it.
"Does madam need anything?" She asked, and I stared intently at her as if to decipher whether I needed anything.
"No." Came my short reply, and she nodded, walking away.
Walking towards the kitchen, I had decided to brew a cup of coffee before lunch as I was bored and had nothing to do. 
I walked into the spacious kitchen, my eyes falling onto the brewing machine, and I smiled. 
Walking towards it I had proceeded to brew a cup of latte for myself. Back then while I worked, I had also learned how to brew coffee. 
When I was done, I brought the cup to my nose the sweet aroma of caramel and chocolate wafting in the air and hitting my nostrils. 
Heading back to the room, I proceeded to sip from the cup, reading a book in which I had found in the study room earlier.
For what seemed like hours, I sat in my room until my phone beeped.
Picking it up, a message had popped up.
Klinn would come to pick me up in two hours.
Getting off the bed, I took a bath.
Walking over to the closet, I pulled it open to find no clothes in it. What was I supposed to wear? I thought to myself. I certainly could not wear the old clothes I had been wearing.
Walking out of the room, I pushed Klinn's room door open, walking in where I headed for his closet. Perhaps he had some female clothes I could wear. It made me wonder if he had a girlfriend before.
Pulling the wardrobe open, my jaw dropped at the sight. Half of the space had been stacked with female clothes of different colors. Rummaging through the wardrobe, I finally pulled out a black dress in which I had worn. 
Tying my hair up into a messy bun, I proceeded to dab my lips with some lip tint in which I had always had, cladding myself in a pair of simple shoes.
Klinn finally arrived, and I got into the car to find a lady sitting beside him on the other side. My gaze met hers, and she gave me a polite smile. Who was she? I thought to myself as I settled comfortably in the space beside Klinn.
He had only just glanced at me before continuing to do something on his phone. It made my spirit dim. Was she the lady who owned the female dresses in his wardrobe?
The car soon started, and I stared out of the window, having nothing to say.
For what seemed like an hour, the car moved until it finally came to a stop in front of a restaurant.
We all alighted the car, heading inside where we walked towards a table, Klinn pulling out a chair for me to sit. 
"Katherine, this is Isabel. My girlfriend." Klinn's voice came after a minute of silence,and I turned to look at the woman who was called Katherine, a  bright smile plastered across her face as she stretched out her hand for a handshake.
I took it, feeling her grip on my hand, and I smiled slightly.
"Nice to finally meet you, Isabel. I'm Klinn's long lost friend." She said, the smile not leaving her face.
"How did you manage to melt this ice?" She asked after another minute of silence, her gaze resting onto Klinn, and I realized what she had meant. 
A blush came to rest on my face, and she smiled knowingly.
"Now, now...let's all not talk about unimportant stuff." Klinn's voice cut through, sparing me from answering the question.
Soon, the waiter served the food, and we all ate, Katherine doing all the talking as I and Klinn listened.
"And once, Klinn rejected a rich heir in everyone's presence during a banquet. You should have seen her face." Katherine said, stifling a laugh as her eyes moved to rest on Klinn who had an indifferent look on his face.
"That was years ago." Klinn stated lazily, and I turned to stare at him.
They must have known each other since childhood, I thought feeling the small tug of jealously at my heart. 
"Yeah, yeah. It's been years since it happened." Katherine said as she chuckled.
Once we finished eating, Katherine bid Klinn and I goodbye as she did not want to impose on us by driving in the car with us.
"I'll have my driver pick me up." She said  and Klinn nodded.
"It was nice having lunch with you both." She added, a smile coming to settle on her face, and I returned it.
Getting into the car, we drove off.
...
Getting home, I hurried into the house, and Klinn followed behind me.
"Don't think I didn't notice it." Klinn said when he over took me, standing in front of me, his lips curling up.
"Notice what?" I asked, confusion marrying my face.
"That you're jealous." He said, and I froze. Had he noticed?
Of course I had been jealous of his closeness to Katherine, and how she had been with him since the beginning.
"I do not know what you speak of." I denied, pushing him aside and walking up the stairs, but he had followed me.
"You should admit it." He said
"Why does your face look so red?" he asked
"Red like a tomato." He added, and I felt like stitching his mouth to stop him from talking.
When had he become such a talkative?

###chapter 46: FACING VERA 
 Vivon's POV... 


I sat on the sofa, twirling the glass of wine in my hand as my eyes rested onto the flickering flames of the fire that burned in the fireplace. It had been a month since I had rejected Isabel, and I felt my heart become hollow by the day. 
Right now as I took a sip from the glass, I felt the familiar emotion of longing fill my heart. I did not like to feel this way, but I could not help it. 
Knowing that she was carrying our child made my heart tug involuntarily.
"Feeling miserable?" Richie's voice came as his footsteps echoed in the vast living room. He had made his way towards where I sat.
"Why don't you have someone spy on her." Richie suggested, and it piqued my attention. Perhaps I could do that.
Turning, my eyes followed him as he sunk onto the sofa opposite me, crossing his legs as he sat.
"How have you been doing, Vivon?" He asked, and I rolled my eyes at him.
"Isn't it obvious I am not okay?" I asked, some irritation weaving into my voice, and he caught it.
"Chill." He said
"Perhaps all you need is a woman. Why don't you try giving Vera a chance, who knows... you two might be compatible."
"Do you hear yourself right now?" I asked feeling irritated by his suggestion. Vera was someone I could never love.
"There's nothing wrong in trying, Vivon." He said, and I hissed. 
i
"Besides, Vera isn't so bad looking, is she?" He asked no one in particular, and I turned, my eyes moving from my glass to rest on him.
"Tell me something, Richie...Had she done something to make you come talk to me?" I asked, seeing no reason why he would be speaking up for her.
His chuckle erupted throughout the room, and I stared at him, my brows raising questioningly as I continued to stare at him.
"You are over thinking." He stated, his eyes resting on his nails.
Silence prevailed as neither of us had the words to say. I took sip after sip, my thoughts wandering to his suggestion. Perhaps I could have someone watch her from the human realm.
Gulping down the last bit of wine, I proceeded to pour some more into my glass.
"Isn't that bad for your health?" Richie asked, and I could feel his gaze on me.
"We both know alcohol cannot kill me. Not unless it was poised with wolfsbane." I responded lazily, turning to look at Richie who's face had been marred by a smirk.
"You should leave now." Came my curt words, and his smirk fell.
"Are you seriously going to kick me out now?" He asked, but I ignored him.
"You do realize the banquet is tomorrow." He said, and my thoughts wandered again. Vera's father had invited me. 
Sighing deeply, I replied.
"Yes." 
"So you're attending then?" 
"Yes." came my short reply. 
"I should go and find a woman to accompanying me, you should do the same." Richie said, and I stared at him blankly as he rose to his feet, winking at me before walking out, his footsteps echoing until it faded.
I needed a companion myself.
...
"You will be my companion for the banquet tomorrow." I said, my voice reverberating throughout the room, and she bowed.
"I will be honored to be your companion, alpha." 
I rolled my eyes, feeling that she was no match for Isabel. But what could I do when Isabel was far away.
"You may leave and come back tomorrow." I said, and she bowed before turning around and walking out of the room.
Seconds passed, and then minutes, but I had only sat on the bed staring into space.
"Alpha." A voice came from behind my closed door, but I had not bothered to glance at it's direction.
"Come in." I said, and the door creaked open, a man entering.
"I have brought your meal." He said, and I waved my hand in the air, motioning for him to leave as soon as he was done.
Placing the food on the table that rested to a side of the room, he walked out, closing the door behind him.
Getting out of the bed, I walked towards the table where I sat on the sofa close to it.
Opening the plate, my eyes zeroed onto the large piece of fresh meat that rested on it.
I felt my eyes flicker back and forth between brown and amber, and I felt my hunger curb.
Picking up the meat, I brought it to my mouth, taking a huge bite.
Bite after bite, I was finally done having my meal. Walking to the bathroom, I sunk myself into the bath where I felt myself relax. For what seemed like hours I stared in the bath until the water had began to turn cold. 
Stepping out of the bath, I wrapped myself up in a bathrobe, retiring to the room where I got dressed in some loose clothes. 
Settling in the bed, I picked up my phone from the bedside, dialing a number.
"What's up?" The voice came from the other end after the third ring.
"I need you to help me with something." I said, and he hummed.
"Could you find out Isabella's location?" I asked, and he turned quiet.
"Well, I think I could do that." He said after a minute of silence, and I felt relieved.
"Give me until tomorrow." He said, and I hummed in understanding.
Disconnecting the call, I clutched my phone tightly in my hand, feeling emotions surge through my body.
Sucking in a breath, I placed the phone on the bedside, my head hitting the pillow as my eyes rested onto the ceiling. 
I had stared for what seemed like hours until I felt my eyes become droopy. 
Closing my eyes, I drifted off to sleep.
...
The morning came, and the chatter downstairs woke me up. 
I saw red under my eyes from the sunlight that shone through the window, and my eyes soon fluttered open. 
Getting off of the bed, I made my way to the bathroom where a bath had been prepared for me. 
I peeled the clothes off my body, feeling the water tingle my skin as I sunk into the water. 
Tonight was the banquet, I thought. And the chances of me not meeting Vera was thin. In the end, I was going to face her again, something I did not want.

###chapter 47: HALLUCINATIONS AT THE BANQUET 
Vivon's POV 


The night had finally arrived. I had clad myself in a tuxedo, and now as the woman whom I had chosen as a companion stood before me, I felt the least impressed.
"Alpha." She called out, bowing her head, and I nodded in acknowledgement. 
Soon, we headed for willow crest.
...
Driving into the mansion, We stepped out. 
My eyes moved to look at the fleet of cars that had littered the compound, and my gaze finally rested onto the fountain that had been lit up.
Turning my head, my gaze landed onto the woman whom I had come along with, her eyes staring around in bewilderment. She had probably not been to a banquet before, I snorted.
We both walked in to be greeted by the many people that crowded the beautifully decorated hall. People of mostly elites who had clad themselves expensively.
"Vivon." A masculine voice called out from behind me, and I turned to see Chase walking towards me, a woman beside him, a smile plastered across his face.
Chase was a childhood friend whom had been with I and Richie but had rarely hung out due to work in the human realm.
"Long time no see." I said, a smirk coming to rest on my face, and he chuckled amusingly.
"It was just last week we saw each other, Vivon." He pointed out, and the smirk did not leave my face.
"Ah, is that right?" I asked, stroking my chin, seemingly in thought, and he shook his head, feeling helpless.
"Might this be your mate?" He asked, Hus gaze moving to rest on the woman who stood beside me, and I turned to see her cheeks grow red. It irked me.
"No." Came my curt reply.
"Ah...I see." Responded chase, his gaze moving away from her to the woman beside him.
"This is Alvira, my mate." He said, his lips curling up into a slight smile, and I caught the mirth that shone in his eyes.
"It's an honor to meet you here, Alpha Vivon." She said, bowing her head, and I nodded.
"See you around." Chase said, pulling his mate along with him as they walked away. 
Just as I was about to walk, the old alpha's voice came behind me, and I turned to see he and his daughter walking towards me.
"Alpha." The woman beside me called out once they reached us, bowing her head in respect.
"I had not expected you to come." Alpha Mortimer said, and a smile came to rest on my lips as I asked.
"Why not?" 
"Who knows?" Came his. words, feigning innocence, and my eyes moved to rest on Vera whom had clad herself in a beautiful red dress, a jewelry hanging from her neck.
"Nice to see you again, Vera." I said, feigning ignorance about the fact that she had cone to visit me once and got kicked out.
She smiled.
"You too." She responded.
"Have a nice time." Alpha Mortimer said, and I offered him a smile as he walked away, leaving Vera behind.
Her eyes moved to rest on my companion, and I smirked.
"Vivon." She called out, her eyes moving to rest on me and my brows raised questioningly, a smile on my face.
"How heartless can you be rejecting your mate while she is pregnant?" She asked, and I felt something tug at my heart at her question. My smile had not faltered.
"And how exactly might that be your concern, Vera?" I asked, tilting my head, the smile continuing to rest on my face.
"How do you not feel tormented?" She asked, and by the time, my smile had faded. 
"I believe you know you are speaking to an alpha?" I asked, and she snorted.
"You are not my alpha." She said, walking away, and I smirked despite the uncomfortable feeling in my chest.
The banquet continued, and I had sat at a table, my eyes scanning around. My companion had vanished. Vera would occasionally glance at me from where she ushered the guests, redirecting her gaze almost immediately I look at her. 
More into the ball, the dance floor had been opened, couples twirling along with the music as it played.
"Can I have this dance?" A feminine voice pierced through my ears, and I turned to meet the bright smile of a woman who had clad herself in a yellow dress, it's neck low enough for her cleavage to peek out.
I stared at the smoothness of her milky skin, feeling the urge to run my hands on her skin.
"Sure." I said. She might not have known who I was as she had been fearless enough to ask an alpha to the dancefloor.
Wrapping her arms around my neck, I pulled her close, earning a gasp from her.
We twirled in the dancefloor, getting lost until the music had stopped and couples had returned to mingle.
"Nice dance you are, sir." She commented, and I smiled. 
We had walked in the mansion, the starry night sky up above our heads. I noticed as she shivered from the wind that had brushed passed her skin.
"I can keep you warm." I said, my voice coming out hoarse from the feeling of my member trying to escape it's restraint.
Her gasp pierced through my ears as I pushed her against the wall in the dark corner, my nose coming to her neck as I sniffed it.
My tongue trailed down her neck to the two peaches that rested on her chest and she sighed at the feeling.
I trailed down her skin, kissing and biting on it, earning gasps and sighs from her.
Pulling the zipper that rested at the front of her dress, I had freed the mountains, and I watched them jiggle. Feeling them with my hands, I squeezed them, bringing my mouth down on one of the buds, and I earned a gasp from her.
Finished with my administrations on her body, I raised her dress where she had worn nothing underneath.
"You are such a bad girl, Isabel" I commented, rubbing on her wet sex before freeing my member, burying it inside her on a huge thrust, earning a cry from her. 
I thrust into her over and over, her cry piercing through my ears like sweet music.
One last thrust, her final cry came, and I emptied my seed inside her.
Blinking my eyes, I stared at the woman in front of me. She did not have the hazel eyes that I had seen earlier. She was not Isabel. Feeling the anger that had began to cloud me, I spoke.
"Leave." 
What was happening to me? I thought.
Had I been hallucinating?. 
