
###chapter 1
********
"Branded a traitor's daughter, Claudia survived abuse as a slave. When her fated Alpha mate betrayed her, she shattered their bond. Now reborn as a silver-haired witch, she returns to claim vengeance—and force the pack to face their darkest secrets."
********
  Claudia's POV
      "Bitch! Slut!"
      The heels crushed hard against my palms and I curled up on the floor. I've heard these insults so many times that they couldn't even divert my attention from the physical pain.
      Fiona grabbed my hair and yanked me up off the floor so that I had to look up at her and her minions' gorgeous and arrogant faces. "You know very well why you're getting beaten." She looked at her friends.
      The minions echoed Fiona with much more exaggerated expressions. "Of course, because you're the daughter of a traitor, bitch!"
      "You don't deserve to live in a wolf pack, so go to hell."
      With that, another slap came to my face and Fiona let go of my hair as my body slammed hard into the ground. I could still feel the sharp pain of Fiona's four-foot heels kicking me in the back during the flurry of punches and kicks.
      "No..."
      They obviously didn't expect my sudden outburst, and Fiona questioned, "What did you say?"
      "I said, my parents are not traitors."
      I tried to say it as firmly and forcefully as I could, but someone had just kicked me in the throat and the defense sounded very weak.
      Even though I was beaten to the point of unconsciousness at this point, I could feel the anger in them. They were angry at my defense of my parents, and what made them angrier was the fact that a slave of low status had dared to defy them.
      Actually, I would have been much less abused since childhood if I hadn't believed so strongly in my parents.
      As loyalty was very important to the Crimson Shadow pack, they were angry with me, the daughter of a traitor. I would have died in the wild if it was not so cruel to exile an unsuspecting little girl. Crimson Shadow's Alpha allowed me to work in the pack house in exchange for staying alive until I left the pack at 18, but that didn't stop them from hazing me, just like today, and every day before.
      In fact, I couldn't hold it up before they launched their first "attack". But if I passed out too soon, the she-wolves would continue their abuse when I woke up. After a short time, the sounds of their cursing grew distant, the pain in my body subsided, and the cold and darkness wrapped around me.
      "I may die." With that thought, a faint "Stop!" reached my ears before I was completely plunged into darkness.
      Whether to call it luck or misfortune, I awoke from the embrace of death. I braced myself to get up from the floor, only to realize that my right hand was broken, and I tried to see myself in the reflection of the stainless steel pan next to me.
      The reflection in the stainless steel pan, there was a girl with bruises all over her thin and dry body. I didn' t know if it was because of malnutrition or my long dry hair that was dusty and gray covering half of my face. I suddenly remembered the reason I was still alive. Had I been hallucinating before I passed out? I heard that someone saved me. The voice sounded familiar, but would anyone in this pack house dare to contradict Fiona to save me? I couldn't help but scoff at the stupid idea.
      I was about to leave the kitchen when I realized that the door was locked tightly. Without thinking I knew that it was a prank by Fiona and her friends and that I would have to wait until tomorrow morning. The temperature in the kitchen was getting colder as the night wore on, and I had to curl up into a ball as much as I could, but my teeth were still clinking together uncontrollably.
      I often remembered my parents, the "traitor" parents who gave me a happy, warm home until I was six, who looked after me like a princess, just like Fiona, except I wasn' t as mean and vicious as Fiona.
      Fiona had actually shown her dislike for me when I was a child and my father was a Beta of the Crimson Shadow wolf pack. I was still so naive to take her as a friend back then, until that thing happened. It was only when I became a slave and she became a Beta's daughter that she showed her true face.
      In fact, most of the wolves in the pack were avoiding me like some kind of plague. But only Fiona often organized her friends and tried to torment me in every way possible.
      My heart sank again at the thought of my parents. They were the most gentle people in the world, and memories of my mother's soft embrace and my father's broad palm made tears well up from my eyes. I sobbed and couldn't stop, and then I didn't know if it was the lack of oxygen or the pain in my body that made me pass out again.
      The early morning sun woke me up. It was already time to make breakfast. If I delayed the meal, I would be beaten again. I looked at my right hand, which was swollen from the fracture. There was no choice but to use my left hand to prepare as best I could.
      "Crack"
      The door was suddenly opened and the person who came in was definitely in the top three of the "People I don't want to see" list. Isaac was Alpha Andre's son and he was not as vicious as Fiona when it came to bullying me, he's just casual. But as soon as his golden brown eyes saw me, I was going to suffer, just like I was now.
      Isaac looked like he had just woken up from a nap. His messy long chestnut hair added a wildness to his deep, handsome face, and even if he wasn't the son of an Alpha, the girls surrounding him would continue to be infatuated with him because of his appearance.
      He ordered me to make a bacon and scrambled egg, which I struggled to do with my left hand to serve to him. He looked at me with a disgusted look and reached over and knocked the plate out of my hand.
      "You look too dirty. How am I supposed to eat the food you make?"
      He pointed to the food and broken plates on the floor, "Now you've made a mess of the floor too. Clean this place up before someone comes."
      I had to put up with the Alpha son's nonsense and grabbed the mop in the corner, but my broken right hand and the pain in my body made it impossible to check the floor carefully, so I could only wipe it haphazardly with the mop. I propped myself up with the mop. However, it felt like walking on jelly on my weak feet, and in a trance, just as I was about to make close contact with the floor, a sudden force lifted me up.
      Isaac lifted my entire body off the ground by the back collar of my shirt, making me shake subconsciously because of this difference in strength and size. Also, the collar of my shirt strangled me so much that I couldn't breathe. I begged Isaac to put me down, but he just let me hang in the air and turned my face towards him, and the next moment Isaac's statue-like face appeared right in front of me.
      "Oh no," I thought to myself, rushing to cover my eyes.
      There was some silence across the table, and even without looking I knew he was puzzled by my actions now, but it was the key to saving my life, and the next second Isaac did ask a question.
      "What are you hiding? Don' t your eyes look worse than your body?" And he snickered after that.
      I could only answer in silence, but that was clearly not the answer he wanted, and he impatiently tried to move my left hand away that was blocking my eyes, and I felt terrified that the color of my pupils that I had hidden for so long was just being discovered.
      "What are you doing?!" A sharp question interrupted Isaac's movements.

###chapter 2
  Claudia's POV
      When Fiona rushed into the kitchen, she saw Isaac carrying me in his hands. It was not exaggerated that she did "rush" into the kitchen and not like the well-bred young lady she appeared to be, which I attributed to her possessiveness of Isaac.
      In the Crimson Shadow pack, whoever had eyes knew that Fiona was paranoid about Isaac, almost to the level of a lioness who protected her cubs, and clearly saw herself as the next Luna.
      This might be the first time I felt grateful to see Fiona. Isaac stopped moving his hands and threw me out casually like a broken rag doll. I fell to the ground and all I could do was make a painful huffing sound.
      Isaac explained casually to Fiona, "Just bored."
      Fiona was amused by Isaac's gesture and she looked in a good mood as she said to me, who was struggling to get up from the floor.
      "Dirty puppy, I don't know why Alpha still keeps you. You don't even have a wolf."
      She pressed her shiny nails against her pink lips and pretended to think.
      "Well, but even if you had a wolf, then your wolf would look just like a dirty puppy like you!" she said, and left with her breakfast, saying goodbye to Isaac in a sweet voice.
      Isaac's POV
      Fiona often sought out this traitor's daughter for fun, and I used to bully this girl with Fiona when I was a child, as all the kids of our age did. But I was almost an adult now, and with the burden of being the next Alpha on me, I just didn't have time to toy with a slave Omega. And Fiona was getting awful now, she was always fussing and chattering, and I really hated noisy women.
      But the girl in front of me intrigued me, she always shuddered at the sound of my voice, actually I had little interest in insulting and suppressing her. But as the next Alpha, everyone's eyes were always on me. This was all I could do in the face of a traitor's daughter.
      But she was really doing these long hours of housework very well, and at least the breakfast she cooked was quite better than I'd ever had. I ate my breakfast as I watched that skinny body doing her business. I knew she could feel my gaze, and she cringed under it, which gave me a strange sense of satisfaction.
      "It makes no sense to do that, you shouldn't bully a girl." Caesar, my wolf, spoke to me in my head.
      "Really, a girl? She's the daughter of a traitor."
      "You obviously saw it, the bruises on her body, which must have been done by Fiona."
      "So what, that's what she deserves."
      "Whatever." My wolf clearly didn't want to pay attention to me and hid deeper into my thoughts.
      I could certainly see the bruises on her body, as large and small bruises of varying shades were all over her exposed tiny arms and legs. I was curious how long she was going to tough it out. Other maids always found every excuse to rest during work, but I never saw her resting. It seemed that her life consisted of nothing but working and being abused.
      I deliberately threw the fork on the floor and she hurried over to pick it up. Then she replaced it with a clean fork and handed it to me with both hands, with bowed head. Her right hand was swollen like a croissant, either sprained or broken. Tut-tut, it was distracting to watch her.
      "Get out."
      I let her go and the swollen wrist felt like a slap in my face. The food in my mouth had also changed in taste, and I took two random chews intending to leave the kitchen. Before I left, I snuck the kitchen key back into the closet. As for why I did that, I didn't know. Let's just say my wolf was taking pity on her.
      On the way to training, my wolf came out to talk to me again, and oddly enough, he always had good will for the girl.
      He asked, "Why did you lock her in the kitchen after you saved her yesterday?"
      "I don't know where she lives, and Fiona will beat her to death if I don't lock her up."
      "Oh, you're like a little boy who accidentally picked up a stray cat."
      "She's more like a puppy than a cat, I guess, the kind that has to whimper around you when she gets kicked."
      "You're soft-hearted. So now that you've picked it up, keep it up." Caesar was definitely implying something to me.
      "Keeping such a stray dog that will bite its owner is better dead on the streets."
      I responded with vicious words. Being soft-hearted only because that would reflect badly on my family's reputation if she died here. Right, that's it. That's the reason.
      Claudia's POV
      Even for me, today was very unlucky. A bunch of boys and girls of my age came into the kitchen, most of whom were Fiona and Isaac advocates, so their attitudes towards me would be easy to guess.
      "WOW, look at her, you'd think she just crawled out of the fireplace."
      I remembered the guy, Alex, who was Fiona's suitor, and he used to throw me off the second floor in front of Fiona to "show his manhood".
      "That's right. She's so dirty. My family's slaves are ten times cleaner than her."
      I tried to flee the kitchen on unsteady feet and Alex immediately grabbed my right hand to block my way. I let out a cry of pain as he just caught me where I had broken my bone.
      "Oh, you're hurt." He exaggerated, "I'm sorry about that." and pushed me back into the crowd.
      "Serve you right, traitor's daughter."
      "Keep her away from me. She has the filthiest blood on her."
      Alex casually picked up a croissant from the table and dangled it in front of my eyes. "I suppose you've never had one of those."
      Indeed, even just a piece of croissant was a luxury for me. Every time I made a croissant, its scent could make my mouth watery.
      "I'll give you a treat if you bark like a dog." They gathered their eyes on me as if I could bring them so much joy by barking.
      My silence made what they said harder and harder. "Bark, puppy. Say 'I'm a traitor's daughter, I'm a bitch. " Alex mimicked me in a thin voice.
      "You see she doesn't even react. No less than a witch's child. She's a monster without a heart."
      "Witches are dirty bitches."
      My mother's face flashed through my mind, and I didn't know where I got the courage or if it was from a moment of anger. I looked at the man who had insulted my mother and spat at him.
      "You son of bitch, my parents aren't traitors!"
      He kicked me in the stomach, which made me vomit even though I didn't eat. I was kicked to the ground and one of them grabbed me by the neck, "How dare you! Your traitor parents were executed by Alpha."
      "Go ahead. Admit that your parents are traitors." The others chimed in.
      I gritted my teeth and tried not to make any sound until I felt a strong blood smell in my mouth.
      "That's enough! "
      A commanding female voice came from Luna. The children's "play" had obviously affected her mood for dining. The crowd surrounding me finally dispersed and I got up from the floor, bowed to Luna and left the kitchen. Luna hadn't even looked at me all that time. I was like air to her.
      Now I felt like the basement I lived in was heaven compared to the kitchen. A place that was damp and dark, yet undisturbed by anyone.
      I made a simple splint out of twigs and rags to wrap my broken hand. Then I took out the herbs I had hidden in the cupboard, crushed them and put them on the wound, as taught by my mother. Witches always kept their habit of seeking out the right herbs to treat injuries. It was a good thing that my mother taught me these when I was a child, or I would have died long ago. After all, no doctor would treat the daughter of a traitor.
      Tending to the wound, I pulled a well-worn picture book from under the floor tiles. By the faint light of the candle, I looked intently at the world in the picture book. It was a completely different world than mine, a warm and soft world.
      Looking at the calendar hanging on the wall with the days I had circled with crayons. In three months, I would be an adult. The thought of leaving this hell soon gave me hope in my heart again.

###chapter 3
  Claudia's POV
      When I woke up, it was noon.
      Since yesterday's injury was still very visible, I decided not to go to school today because teachers never cared about me.
      And I couldn't have the energy to deal with stuff like book bags thrown down the stairs, tables and chairs collapsed in the hallway and how to get out of a locked locker.
      Yesterday's clothes still had dust and grease stains on them, which might cause me to get beaten up again when someone saw that.
      Of course, I didn't have any clothes that I could change into, so I had to go to the river in my pajamas to get my clothes cleaned.
      The weather was getting colder. There were few people on the river at this time of year, so I hoped no one would see me.
      Then I saw a familiar face.
      God, couldn't I have this one little wish? What's Isaac doing here!
      He should be getting ready for his Coming-of-age Ceremony，not taking a walk by the cold river!
      Please, didn't let him see me!
      I prayed silently in my mind, hoping I'd run away before he saw me.
      But the next moment he turned toward me, staring at me with that familiar scrutinizing look, and I was as fixed in place as a deer caught in the light, afraid to move a step.
      Isaac walked over slowly and scanned me up and down. It occurred to me that I was wearing pajamas, which were probably a rag in his eyes. Although the clothes I usually wore were rags for him too, maybe much worse than that.
      "What's in your hand?" He was asking about the basin and dirty clothes in my hands.
      For a moment, I felt so ashamed to say this simple answer when it was clear that he had seen me in a wretched state so many times.
      Isaac suddenly raised his hand and I thought he was going to hit me, so I hurriedly lowered my head. I didn't expect his hand to go in the direction of the basin, and he yanked it towards him. I subconsciously clutched the basin tightly and fought with Isaac. But the disparity in strength allowed Isaac to snatch the basin away and I lost my balance and fell to the ground.
      This heavy fall made me feel like I was going to break my tailbone, and there were sharp little rocks on the ground cutting into the hands that were supporting me. I looked up at Isaac and the basin he was holding. A sudden gust of wind blew and Isaac looked down at me with a slightly dull look. It occurred to me then that he had seen my eyes. My secret had been seen by him and a great sense of fear crept up my spine and I couldn't stop trembling in front of him again.
      I wanted to escape the scene in a hurry and was about to get up from the floor when Isaac suddenly crouched down. I was still sitting on the floor, and he had his arm on my left side and his leg half-kneeling on my right side, holding me in his arms. The gesture was like a "Don't run" warning. I could only helplessly shield my eyes with my hands, which he removed with a gentle but irresistible force. Then he ruffled my hair in what could be called a "gentle" manner.
      It was the first time I'd seen Isaac's face so close and suddenly I understood why so many girls broke their hearts for him. His brown eyes looked like melted caramel in the sunlight, his nose was high and straight, and his thin lips were pursed together as he looked at me intently. As Isaac got closer and closer, the smell mixed with ebony and cedar on him lingered on my nose.
      I could only lean back as far as I could, but I could still feel the warmth emanating from his thick chest. He began to trace my face with his fingers and I subconsciously held my breath. I could clearly hear my heart pounding violently until he brushed my lips. "That's too close!" The alarm bell went off inside me and I could feel his warm and moist breath. So I started to struggle and Isaac came back to his consciousness like he was waking up.
      It was like he took my warmth with him when he got up and he tossed the basin next to me. "You treat the trash like a treasure." And then he looked at my pajamas. "Don't ever go out with that crap again. No one wants to see your dried-up body."
      I was relieved to hear him say that, but the shame came flooding back. I'd barely had a few normal meals, and skinny as I was, I was a little girl in front of the sexy Fiona. And not to mention Isaac, who was definitely the tallest and strongest one in the pack. He wore his shirt with the sleeves rolled up, showing off his thick and strong forearms, which was obviously proof that he had trained very hard.
      In a panic, I picked up the basin and fled from the scene. Now I just hoped that Isaac hadn't even noticed my eyes, or that he didn't talk to anyone about what happened today. If word got out about my eyes among the wolf pack, the consequences would be more than I could imagine.
      Isaac's POV
      Riverside was a secret base for me. Because every time I was at the training ground I could always hear people talking about me, and some of them would spread the word about my training to everyone, especially the girls, led by Fiona. I was very glad that none of them were my mate. Training by the river could prevent me from being bothered until I saw a skinny figure.
      I had always seen this traitor's daughter lately, and she didn't seem to see me yet, keeping her head down as she walked. I shifted my eyes to the river until she could see me. It was all too apparent to me that she took a violent step backwards the moment she saw me. She must be thinking of hurrying up and slipping away now while I was not looking, and I stifled the laughter inside me as I stared at her with a deadly stare.
      "Childish." Caesar, my wolf, taunted me in my head.
      "But it's funny, look at the look on her face, like a deer caught in a high beam."
      "I thought you'd be an adult soon, but it looks like it's still early." Caesar sighed.
      I approached the frozen fawn and that's when I could see what she was wearing. It was a rag, a rag she had put on her body. Her old clothes looked dirty as well, but this rag showed off her thin arms and legs completely.
      Rarely, she smelled very nervous, more nervous than any time she'd seen me before. My eyes went to the basin she was clutching in her arms. Was there something that made her nervous? The fawn was hiding some kind of treasure, which made the basin arise my great curiosity and I decided to snatch it up and take a look.
      Surprisingly, she completely grabbed the basin and didn't let go, which made me even more curious. I grabbed the basin out of her hand, I was probably using too much force, and she fell to the ground at once. I looked at her funny face and was about to laugh at her when a gust of wind blew away the long hair that was covering her face.
      For that short moment, I was caught in those green eyes that were like an emerald glowing in the moonlight, which I had never seen before. Those eyes were so beautiful to give a strange sense of demon, like Siren, which made me sink deep into that crystalline turquoise.
      But a powerful emotion in those green eyes affected me, and it told me that the fawn was very fearful. I snapped back to my senses then, and the fawn put her head back down. She struggled to get up and I could smell a faint scent of blood, and it must be because she had just fallen.
      As if compelled by those green eyes, I crouched down to be level with her, bracing my arm on the left side of her body, enveloping her in the shadow of my body, and lifted her chin. She saw me crouch down and immediately shielded her eyes with her hands. I removed her hand gently and then ruffled her long hair that had been covering those eyes.
      It was so beautiful, and I examined the face carefully. I had never looked at her seriously because she had grown up with her hair covering half of her face and everyone thought she was ugly. Unconsciously, my hand traced the outline of her face, the eyebrows, the eyes, the bridge of her nose, finally, my fingers slowly brushed over her lips, which looked kissable. It wasn't until she struggled up in my hands that I realized that I was lost in thought because of her.
      "Did you just try to kiss her?" Caesar said with a flirtatious tone in my head.
      "No, not at all...I am just...trying to get a little closer to see how ugly her face is."
      "Sure." Hell knows why Caesar was so smug.
      To make up for my earlier faux pas, I looked at the basin I had just grabbed from her. Well, I wanted to roll my eyes at her, for inside the basin was another rag. I tossed the basin at her, taunting her mercilessly about her rags and her figure. She looked less scared than she did a moment ago. What a freak.
      Then the fawn rushed off and I didn't react to stop her. I was still caught in a trance because of those green eyes. My instincts told me that there must be a secret in those green eyes that she was trying to hide so hard.

###chapter 4
  Claudia's POV
      I ran all the way back to the basement, my heart still pounding hard. Those green eyes that I inherited from my grandmother were the most striking thing about me, so I have had to cover them with my long hair since I was young.
      I used to talk back to my mother about it when I was a kid, "Why do all the other little girls get to show their eyes and pretty foreheads and I have to show up with half my face covered?"
      My mother always stonewalled me then, saying that she would tell me all the reasons when I became an adult. Until she and my father were executed, she didn't tell me why I couldn't show my eyes, but just admonished me, "Always hide your eyes."
      Since I became a slave, I had been more afraid to show my eyes. To the uninformed common eye, those eyes were also too beautiful, and a beautiful slave would suffer more miserable treatment.
      I tried to put myself to work, but that feeling of anxiety and fear was still haunting my mind. What if my secret was found out? One time I overheard my mother talking to my father when I was a child and they mentioned my eyes. Unable to sleep late at night, I tried to seek my mother's company, and I walked to the door of my parent's room to find the sound of arguing coming from inside.
      My dad said, "She's just a child, and she deserves to have a child's life, not spend it hiding. And sooner or later this will be discovered."
      My mom's reaction was intense, "It's because she's still a child, she's not capable of defending herself yet. Think of my mother. Claudia inherited her eyes and you know how tragic my mother's end was."
      I was so young at the time that I couldn't understand a thing they were talking about back there. And my father's wolf sensed me right away and father asked me what I was doing, hiding outside the door. I said, "I was just looking for my mother to come to bed with me, and I heard you two arguing." My father stroked my head dotingly and said he would never argue with my mother, they were just discussing things. Then he told my mother to carry me to my room and that was the end of it.
      With my dirty clothes still crumpled up in the basin, I never dared to go to the river again. My stomach churned uncomfortably at the thought of the river experience. And Isaac's inexplicable behavior. Was he trying to poke fun at me? Or... I couldn't believe I was blushing just thinking about it.
      God, I was thinking of something inexplicable, he was the next Alpha and Fiona would rip apart any woman who dared to compete with her for Luna. I shook my head, trying to put all the strange thoughts behind me.
      It was suddenly raining heavily outside, which was just my chance. I snuck out of the basement with my clothes, then found an unoccupied corner and washed my clothes as cleanly as I could in the rain. It seemed that the downpour wasn't going to stop very soon, so I just had to hang the clothes out in the basement and hope they would get dried out soon. If I went to work the next day in wet clothes, I was sure I would catch a cold. And without a doctor to prescribe me, I would probably die.
      The next day, I woke up from my dream and my clothes were really not dry. The basement was dark and damp, and I had to go to work in half-dried clothes. It was nothing really, and my biggest fear was Isaac spreading my secret around. If anyone knew the secret, they would banish me from the pack. Or worse, they would have me executed. God knew what my grandmother's tragic end would have been, but it must be painful.
      I walked towards the kitchen with dread, keeping my ears open to hear what was being discussed from the mouths of all the people who passed me by. Luckily, they treated me like they always did, just bullying and hazing as usual. I walked into the kitchen and the maids left all the work to me as they all went off to chat and have breakfast. Luckily, Isaac wasn't one for gossip, or maybe he didn't know the secret of the eyes either. I could only guess in a good direction.
      After making everyone's breakfast and cleaning up the dirty dishes left by the maids, I felt dizzy, my eyes were going out of focus and I had to brace myself against the table until I slowly eased up. This was actually an old problem of mine, as I hadn't had many normal meals, and malnutrition brought more than just a thin body, but also came with chronic anemia and hypoglycemia. The scene in front of me slowly returned to normal, while the next moment I saw the last person I wanted to see.
      "I saw you slacking off as soon as I walked in, no shame in being a bitch." Fiona walked up to me with her loud voice.
      "Dare you not work hard?" She raised her hand and punched me in the face.
      Having just woken up from a brief coma, I really didn't have the strength to retort, or dodge her slap. I had to say this fierce she-wolf was really strong. And I got a solid slap to the face from her. Then I lost my balance and the moment I fell I saw the corner of the table in front of me.
      Oh no, my head was definitely going to get bumped. But the expected pain hadn't come yet, and instead I was pulled into a warm embrace. The smell of this embrace was familiar to me, which was a mix of ebony and cedar, deep and cold.
      Why him? Isaac held me so tightly in his arms that all I could do was lean on his chest. Apparently, I wasn't the only one shocked. Fiona's pretty face was contorted with jealousy when she saw Isaac holding me in his arms.
      She questioned Isaac, "Why are you helping her?"
      Isaac pushed me away and I was surprised that I lost thought because of his action. He told Fiona, "Caesar has a keen sense of smell and he hates the smell of women's blood."
      Fiona wasn't quite convinced by Isaac's explanation, still, she wrapped her arms around him like she was showing off. To say "wrapped around" might be a bit of an understatement, as she pressed her breasts against Isaac's arm and whispered petulantly in Isaac's ear. "Let's go watch the game." Then Fiona dragged Isaac out of the way.
      Isaac's POV
      I could hear Fiona shouting from a distance on my way to the kitchen. The funny thing was that she always looked meek in my presence. I knew exactly what kind of person she was as we grew up together, but all those years of friendship made me always indulge her. Listening to the noise in the room, it must have been Fiona abusing the maid.
      I was so surprised to panic when I saw the traitor girl's head was about to hit the corner of the table. Due to panic, my mind went blank and my body reacted subconsciously. I took the girl in my arms as soon as I could, and my hanging heart dropped when I felt the weight in my arms. Her whole body was leaning on my arms, and it was only then that I clearly felt that she was so thin and weak. Clearly, she was just a slave, a traitor's daughter. Why did I feel pity for her?
      Fiona's questioning snapped me out of my thoughts. I hurriedly pushed her away, to be seen with the son of an Alpha hugging the traitor's daughter. The majesty of my father and I would be nonexistent. Besides, I looked at Fiona in front of me, and she was so angry. It was as if the veins on her forehead were bursting out. All the girls who had pursued me from before had been cleaned up badly by her. All I could do was cajole Fiona into trying to make less trouble for the traitor's daughter. But my wordplay caused Caesar's displeasure.
      "Will you stop using me as an excuse when it's obvious you don't want to see the girl get hurt?"
      "It's none of my business if she's hurt or not, I'm just born an athlete and subconsciously pick up people who were about to fall."
      "I didn't see you pick up Alex when he broke his leg in front of you earlier."
      "That's what he deserved." Alex had always been so stupid, and he'd broken his leg only after jumping from a tree to please Fiona.
      "So this girl still means a lot to you."
      "See, it's like when you see a cup that's about to roll off the table and onto the floor, you're going to catch it too, right?" Caesar looked like he was used to it and wasn't going to continue arguing with me.
      I was arguing with my wolf in my head so much that I completely ignored Fiona, who was too immersed in her own world, hugging my hand and complaining about the minutiae of her life all the time. Fiona was considered the most beautiful girl in the pack and it seemed everyone wanted me to marry Fiona just because her father was our Beta. For the stability of the pack, there was indeed a real possibility that I would marry Fiona, so every time she got close to me, I prayed to the Moon Goddess for me to meet my mate as soon as possible.
      Claudia's POV
      Everything just happened so fast and it was so shocking to me. Not until Fiona had pulled Isaac away did I realize what Isaac had just helped me, which I could call a "hug". Since I was a slave at the age of six, I'd never been hugged by anyone, and the hug that was offered by the first one would help me, namely Isaac.
      I wrapped my arms around myself, trying to get a little warmth back from the hug I'd just received. Isaac's embrace had a feeling unique to me, not like the comforting feeling of my mother holding me when I was a child. Instead, it was a warm and secure feeling.
      Help! I couldn't believe I was craving the warmth of Isaac's arms. Did I forget that he's the Alpha's son? And he used to bully me all the time. Warmth was the last thing someone like me could expect. I woke myself from my daydreams.
      Every time I washed my hair I would avoid everyone's eyes and sneak off to a small lake at the edge of the territory. Here, I could enjoy a moment of peace and quiet. Watching my hair float amid the clear water, I would put it all on the back of my head, slowly wait for it to dry before covering my eyes again, and then return to the wolf pack, as I usually always did.
      But today I saw a woman by the lake, and she was in a coma. Even with her eyes tightly closed, it could be seen how beautiful she was with her long dark hair scattered behind her like the feathers of a raven. Although her face was pale from the loss of blood, she was still beautiful without a single flaw.
      Considering that she was already so badly injured, even if she was a bad person, she couldn't attack the wolf pack, so I picked some herbs around the area to bring her back. It didn't take long for the woman to wake up.

###chapter 5
  Claudia's POV
      The woman who woke up from the coma opened her eyes. To my surprise, she had a very rare pair of eyes, with purple pupils that emitted a faint shimmer. She looked at me in a very strange way, which was a mixture of shock and confusion.
      The woman stared straight at me and didn't say a word. I was a little scared, this beautiful and strange woman was not a werewolf at first glance. What was she doing at the edge of the pack? The woman suddenly spoke at that moment and startled me.
      "I can tell you're a witch's child. Don't be afraid, I'm a witch too."
      Usually, witches didn't reveal their identities to others, because there were many people who caved their power and many who feared them. Usually, only if they trusted you very much would they tell you their true identity.
      Hearing her say that made me drop my guard at once. A lot of my trust in witches came from my mother, who used to be hated by lots of people when she was in the pack. But my father had always protected her, and my mother had been nice to everyone, at least everyone outwardly respected my mother.
      Seeing no reaction from me, she then said, "Anyway, thank you for saving me. Is there anything you want? Within my power, I can help you get it."
      The moment I heard those words, "Leave the Crimson Shadow Pack!" Those words came to my mind. However, I looked at the witch and she was still badly injured, so it wasn't realistic to ask her to take me away. And she was such a powerful witch, yet she was badly injured and fled here, so maybe she was still in danger, and I was just a small slave who couldn't do much to help her. The words that almost came out of my mouth were swallowed back.
      The witch saw through my thoughts, "I should have taken you with me, in every sense of the word. But I'm in a state of being hunted, and it's too dangerous for you to follow me. But when I escape the danger, if you're still willing to come with me, I'll be sure to come back for you."
      I nodded lightly. The witch in front of me was soft and tender, and she felt like a mother to me. Then she offered to give me another gift and urged me to accept it. Seeing how determined she was, I had no choice but to accept her kind offer. The witch placed her hand over my eyes, while hiding my eyes over the years had formed a habit in me.
      I hurriedly lowered my head to avoid her hand, and she gently cupped my face and said to me gently, "Don't be afraid. I won't hurt you."
      I closed my eyes and the witch put her hand on them, her voice seemed so close, yet it also felt so far away somewhat.
      "I give you a key that will unlock the hidden door in your bloodline."
      After she said that, it was as if I was in a warm ocean, where my body was sinking under the warm water wrapping around me, and only my eyes were glowing faintly. It wasn't until my senses returned to normal levels that I opened my eyes and the witch was gone.
      What had just happened was like a dream, no trace of it was left behind, and I didn't notice any change in myself.
      As I returned to the wolf pack, I heard the jeers from those who walked past me again. And those who brushed past me, deliberately bumping into my shoulder and leaving a "Bitch."
      I just wanted to escape into my basement immediately, and I walked quickly with my head down only to bump into someone in the doorway. "Don't you have any eyes?" I thought that I was done, and my heart tightened at the tone of voice, as the girl I bumped into was one of Fiona's friends, and she often bullied me along with Fiona.
      The girl nudged me. "I'm asking you a question, little dummy."
      I looked at the girl through the slit that covered my hair, hoping she wasn't the one who was strong. I ended up feeling a strong wave of emotion the moment my eyes met hers.
      That great disgust and hatred filled my heart. "Fuck, my new dress is all ruined by this bitch!" echoed in my ears. But the girl in front of me didn't open her mouth. Did she know ventriloquism?
      I looked at the girl next to her again, and the same disgusted, even more disdainful voice rang in my ears. "The traitor's daughter is screwed, it's Jessica's new dress, how should she be punished?" But again, she didn't open her mouth. This wasn't right. They were all just staring at me and waiting for my response. It was like no one but me heard what they said.
      Then the witch's voice rang in my head, "Every witch is born with a gift, and your power has been hidden. Now I give you the key to unlock your gift, you can use your powers from now on."
      Receiving too many negative emotions made my head spin and my stomach flip up. I covered my mouth and fled the scene, still hearing the sounds of the girl and her friend cursing behind me.
      Running back to the basement, I laid on my bed and shrunk myself into a ball. The hatred was so strong that it was as if their minds were living in my ears. I thought back to what had happened. I had felt such strong emotions just by looking at the girl and hearing what was going through her mind.
      So, my inherited witch's ability was the ability to read people's inner thoughts? Gosh, I had only ever heard of this ability to read minds in legends. And what could I do if I really got this ability? I tried to calm myself down and thought. This ability seemed to have a trigger condition. I came back from the lake and ran into a lot of people along the way, but only 2 girls' voices were read to me. Maybe it was because I looked into their eyes? It's supposed to be like that.
      To prove my suspicions, I walked upstairs and made a point of looking at a lot of people. Again, intense disgust flooded into my ears. I heard that adults walking down the road seeing me "Ah, the traitor's daughter, she's filthy, I'd have thrown her out in the wild if I were Alpha", and the children were led by adults, "This slave is the daughter of the traitor whom Dad mentioned. No one would scold me if I hit her with a rock". Finally, it was proved that almost everyone in the wolf pack thought of me in the same way.
      I always knew people in the pack didn't like me, but this was the only place I could call "home". Until today, when I heard what they were really thinking, it hurt so much. When I turned an adult, I would never spend another second in this pack.
      I took the ring which my parents gave me before they left from the basement floor tiles. My mother told me it was her family heirloom. I knew that it was tied to witch power. The moment I held it in my hand, I drew the witch's power from that ring, and I would need that power when the day came for me to leave the pack.

###chapter 6
  Isaac's POV
      "Watch your balance!" My father shouted at me from outside the training ground.
      My body leaned back to avoid the right fist that Alex was swinging at me. Before he could return to a defensive stance, I found a weakness under his ribcage and struck back hard.
      "Ow!" Alex fell to the ground in response.
      It was so easy, I hadn't lost a single handful of matches on the training ground since my awakening. They were never my match, in terms of strength or reaction time. Then I walked over to my father outside the field and he just frowned at me.
      "What do you have to be proud of? Just winning a little game."
      "No, I'm just..." I was happy not because I had won the race, but because my father had been nice enough to come and watch me train for once.
      "Well, get on with it." He said, turning his head and heading towards Neil's training field.
      Seriously, nothing I did growing up ever really pleased him. When I got my first A+ in school as a kid, my father's face didn't change when he looked at the report card, like I was holding a scrap of paper. Then he said to me, "It doesn't prove anything, come back one day when you get first place in the training ground and show off." Looking at my father's back as he left, I reassured myself that it was nothing to win A+. My father was right, a werewolf's ability was never reflected by his academic performance. Then I made up my mind and won my first race on the training ground. But...
      "Well done!" Father's praise came from the next training field, interrupting my memories.
      Neil was my younger brother and he had a very meek personality, compared to me. Although as the son of Alpha, no one would dare to bully him. Werewolves were a kind that upheld strength and wildness, but Neil grew up with a "gentlemanly" demeanor, which made many people talk about him behind his back.
      Then I, as the older brother, would try to "teach" these disrespectful people a lesson. That's why Neil and I were so close as kids. My only complaint was the huge difference in how my father treated me and Neil.
      Neil, in the next field, also won his race and my father looked over at him with a big smile on his face. I didn't even remember if my father smiled at me once, and if he did, it must have been a mocking smile, I thought.
      "Come on father, it's just a training exercise."
      "My son should be like you, humble and good."
      Ha, "My son," he's never called me that before. For as long as I could remember, my father had called me by my name. "Isaac, you're making too much noise!", "Isaac, mind your manners." Not to mention the intimate gestures. It seemed that even my breathing was bothering my father in front of him.
      I would always remember that day, the first match I won at the training ground. Neil and I defeated the rest of the pack and we had our final duel. Neil had his wolf and his strength was only slowly showing, and my father was very excited about it, even though I was the youngest person in the pack who owned a wolf.
      When I awakened, everyone in the pack could sense Caesar's power, and when my father found out, he just said that I should mind my own wolf. The duel didn't need to be thought out to know what the outcome would be. But Neil was very perverse that day, he probably wanted to win me once in front of everyone.
      So his wolf went on a rampage. Neil's eyes were red and his claws went straight for my carotid as he tried to kill me. To stop Neil, I had to bite through his shoulder. In pain, Neil finally came to his senses and covered his shoulder and conceded defeat to me. Then the whole training ground cheered for my victory and my father rushed towards me and Neil.
      "Slap." The slap wasn't heavy, but the whole training ground fell silent because of it. After my father slapped me, he rushed to confirm Neil's injuries. I didn't remember much of what happened next, and my mind was also full of blanks at the time. Neil was obviously stunned by the slap as well, and in his panic he made father leave the scene with him. I didn't explain the reason for biting Neil, because my father wouldn't listen.
      I looked at my father who was joking with Neil not far away. He had never spoken to me with that expression, and that kind tone of voice.
      "Apparently you're the heir, while Neil isn't. Andre expects more from you, that's why he's so strict." Caesar sensed the discontent in my heart and used a gentle tone for the rare occasion.
      "I can't believe it can force you to comfort me, doesn't that explain something?"
      In the distance, my father took Neil's shoulder affectionately. I took everything in and my heart welled up with emotions which I didn't know whether it was anger or jealousy. Enough, I didn't want to be here to watch them play father-son love. I turned around and left. Neil called my name behind me.
      But father said to him, "He can leave if he wants to. Why do you care about him?"
      Good. I even laughed at myself for just stopping in my tracks. He had better never care about me and just let me alone forever.
      Leaving the training ground, Kevin told me to go to school. Kevin was a friend of mine. Aside from being a jerk to girls, he was actually a nice guy. I could even guess that he must have called me because of another boring little thing like looking at some girl and asking me to be a helper when hitting on girls. But it was better than watching my father and Neil talking and laughing. Just then, however, I saw a thin figure.
      The moment I saw the traitor girl, the aggression and resentment in my heart swelled up to my whole chest. She didn't seem to see me, just looking down at her tattered book. My anger was instantly transferred from my father to the broken book. I snatched the book from the girl's hand and then tore it to pieces in front of her.
      The girl looked stunned, "What are you doing?! Don't tear it!"
      She pulled at my hand to get me to leave her book alone, but her strength was too small to stop me. I needed her book to vent the resentment I had received at my father's, and it didn't take long for the girl's book to be torn to shreds.
      The girl looked up at me, her green crystal-like eyes slowly overflowing with tears. The girl knelt down and picked up the torn pages of the book on the floor with trembling hands. Then she hugged herself and buried her head in her knees and stifled her sobs.
      I was struck by the green eyes that fell into tears, and the annoyance in my heart transformed into guilt as I looked at the torn pieces of paper all over the floor and the girl crouched on the ground crying. The girl had buried her head so low that it was not quite possible to hear her sobs. But her shoulders kept shaking and I could tell how sad she was. Feelings of pity suddenly took over and for a moment I wanted to pull her into my arms and comfort her.
      "Look how pathetic this girl is, hurry up and apologize to her." Caesar sensed my inner self and he hurriedly urged me.
      "No, I'm not going to apologize to a slave." Looking at the girl on the ground, I was surprised that I didn't know what to do. Apologizing to a slave? If the rumor went out among the pack, I wouldn't be able to be the next Alpha. So I could only leave the crying girl where she was and leave by myself.
      Claudia's POV
      It's still overcast and cold, but that gave me a chance to read properly, and no one wanted to come out in the cold and bully me. Usually, they wouldn't let me stay in the classroom to read, so I had to find a bench in the corner of the school. I studied hard in my free time outside of work so that I could continue my life in society after I left the wolf pack. But apparently, Isaac didn't give me that opportunity.
      I was engrossed in my book when a long and strong hand snatched it right out of my hand. Isaac looked angry, and I didn't know what I had done to piss him off again. It wasn't until he started tearing my book that I reacted and begged him to let go. But Isaac was like crazy and I tried to grab my book back from him, but he was too strong. It was like he didn't even hear my pleas, he just tore my book into pieces and scattered them all over the floor.
      Why must he do this to me? I had clearly avoided everyone. The aggression which I held back for a long time made my nose start to sour and tears slowly filled my eyes. I knelt down to pick up the torn books, but my eyes became a blur from the tears. It was all I could do to keep my head down as much as possible so Isaac wouldn't hear me crying, lest he get angry again.
      But Isaac still stopped moving because of my crying, he didn't say anything, he just stood still, probably watching me as a joke. The thought of Isaac aggravated me even more, he had pulled me into a warm embrace when I was about to get hurt, right in front of Fiona.
      At the time, I thought that he had more than just the same feelings for me as he did for a common slave, that he had special feelings for me. But with the way he was acting now, what was the difference between him and Fiona? I had no dignity in their eyes, and they all treated me like a toy ready to be taken for fun.
      Isaac left without saying a word. What was I expecting? He was still the mighty Alpha's son, while I was just a slave. Straightening up, I gathered up all the shredded paper and took it back to the basement.
      I tried to glue the pages together with paste, but it was so torn up that I couldn't make it work. Until late at night, I kept trying to fix my book. If I even had no book, my teacher would be more reluctant to let me study in the classroom. Just as I was worrying about my book, there was a knock on the basement door.
      I was taken aback. Usually, the only people who knocked on this door were the maids, who usually only came to me when they asked me to do some menial work in their place. Besides, I couldn't think of anyone else who could come to me. I was still torn between opening the door or not when there was no more ringing outside. I had to open the door carefully and look out towards it. There was no one outside the door, just a lone box on the floor. I took the box back into my room, and inside was a brand new book and a pair of black-rimmed glasses.
      I probably knew who had sent the stuff, and who else but Isaac knew that my book had been torn. Obviously, he wouldn't let go of the book when it was torn, no matter how much I pleaded. And now he's sending me new books. What the hell was he thinking? I really didn't want to accept anything from him and threw the book on my bed casually.
      But then I thought of my teacher's scolding in class tomorrow and had to resign myself to putting the book away properly. I proceeded to pick up the black-framed glasses from the box, and as I put them on I felt nothing but intense discomfort and a blur in front of my eyes. Why did he give me glasses? I would probably never guess what Isaac was thinking.
      Isaac's POV
      After leaving the traitor girl alone where she was, I had been in a weird state of guilt. So I went and bought a new book and waited until no one was around to leave it on her doorstep. I hid in the corner after knocking on the door and watched the girl take the box inside before I put my heart at rest. It was so funny the way she sneaked the box back in, like a squirrel storing grain.
      "How smart! You give her a new book, then she'll forget that the old one was ripped out by you." Caesar said in a very sincere tone, interrupting my fantasy of squirrel.
      "Come on, I'm not apologizing. She's dumb enough as it is. If she doesn't study properly, she'll just get people into more trouble."
      "What's with the glasses?"
      "Her eyes are so strange and green, and that's so unpleasant. I'm just letting her cover them up."
      "Huh, I believe you." I didn't think anyone's wolf was as sarcastic as Caesar, who always put sarcasm on his master.

###chapter 7
  Fiona's POV
  I swore to God Isaac had been absolutely avoiding me for the last two days.
  Although I asked him if he'd been avoiding me for the past two days, and rightfully so, the answer was &quot;No&quot;. However, with a woman's intuition, Isaac was definitely not right these two days. Usually I accompanied him to the training ground to watch the games, but these days he left early from class and went to training with his friends. And I couldn't get anything out of his friends. I even used the excuse of &quot;introducing girls&quot; to Kevin. Kevin just said they were really just going to practice together.
  It had been normal for Isaac to be surrounded by a lot of girls since he was a kid. Not to mention his distinguished status, Isaac's handsome appearance and perfectly proportioned body were enough to make them swoon. The normal girls who could only drool over Isaac only dared to look at him from afar. I enjoyed the feeling of &quot;my Alpha&quot; being admired by all. But as soon as one of them tried to go beyond the &quot;admiration&quot; line and actually do something. I would show them what fear was.
  I snuck up on Isaac yesterday and followed him to an optician's shop. He seemed in a hurry, or he would have sensed someone was following him. An eyeglass shop? Werewolves had several times the vision of normal people, not to mention Isaac, so he certainly didn't buy them for himself, which set alarm bells ringing in my mind. I ruled out my close friends first. None of us needed glasses. Then the girls at school, it seemed that none of them were wearing glasses either...
  Ellie dragged me to the kitchen for afternoon tea and I had to go with her. I couldn't bring myself to tell her about my doubts, even though she was my friend. Isaac hated it when I did that, and he once warned me not to use him as an excuse to bully girls. But who let those girls seduce him first? Of course, I didn't dare to say such things out loud. Isaac didn't usually take such trivial things too seriously, but no one dared to ignore future Alpha's warning.
  An exquisite afternoon tea was already on the table in the kitchen. I saw the traitor's daughter in the corner pulling books out of her tattered school bag. It was ridiculous. What did she want to see in books, her wolf? The sight of her pathetic appearance made me inwardly annoyed. I grabbed the bag out of her hand. The traitor's daughter obviously didn't expect my action. With a ringing crash in the process of grabbing her bag, a hard object fell to the floor.
  It was hard to tell if shock or anger filled my brain first when I saw the glasses Isaac had bought fall out of her book bag. &quot;Say! Where did this pair of glasses come from!&quot; I swore I had got my volume pretty much under control, but it was hard to control my screaming when it came to such an annoying thing.
  I saw the traitor's daughter's mouth move, but I could no longer hear what she was saying at all. But I could be sure of one thing, and that was that Isaac hadn't given her the glasses. She was just a slave, the daughter of a traitor, and Isaac didn't even want to look at her, so how could he give her something? So she must have stolen them!
  &quot;What a shameless thief!&quot; I pulled the slave's hair with my left hand and slapped her in the face with my right.
  Ellie had absolutely no idea what was going on, but she was happy to fight the damn slave with me.
  &quot;Look up at me!&quot; I yanked the slave's hair to make her look straight at me, she could only look at me if she wanted to keep her scalp. Then I saw a pair of very beautiful eyes. Damn it! I wasn't going to use that word to describe any part of the slave's body.
  But I couldn't find any other words to describe eyes like that. It was like a lake deep in the forest, which was so pure and clean green color that made it easy to attract people's attention and fall deep into it. An indescribable emotion came over me. What made a slave? What made a slave have eyes like that? It reminded me easily of that day, when this slave was about to hit the corner of the table, Isaac immediately appeared to save her and held her in his arms, though only for a moment.
  &quot;I'm not a thief.&quot; The corner of the slave's mouth was still bleeding, which affected her pronunciation. She mumbled, &quot;Isaac gave me the glasses.&quot; Was she showing off? How dared she, a slave, brag in front of me?
  &quot;How dare you say Isaac's name!&quot; I kicked her in the crotch and she lost her balance and fell to the ground. I was going to kill her!
  &quot;Are you the one who seduced Isaac?&quot; I was going to gouge those creepy green eyes out of her! Anger rushed the blood all over my body to my brain and I put my hands around the slave's neck in a death grip. Ellie, who had been beside me, was terrified; she had never seen me so angry.
  It took all of Ellie's strength to pull me off the slave, and she yelled in my ear, &quot;If you kill someone, Isaac will never talk to you again.&quot;
  I calmed down a little then, as the slave lying on the floor coughed frantically and looked like she was about to break. Ellie was afraid I would explode again and rushed to pull me away. Before I left, I took the glasses in my hand and took them out of the kitchen.
  Looking at the damn glasses made me think of the slave's green eyes again. Now that they were Isaac's belongings, I had to make the most of them. So I broke them off and threw them in the path where Isaac always walked through.
  Claudia's POV
  I thought I was going to die just now. In fact, I would indeed have died if Ellie hadn't pulled Fiona away. I coughed for close to half an hour before I got over it, not feeling too much anger in my heart because I heard Fiona's voice when she forced me to look at her. &quot;How can a slave have such beautiful eyes, what will I do if Isaac takes a liking to her?&quot; How pathetic! I could clearly feel her jealousy to the point where her tongue was bitter.
  I packed up my school bag and it seemed that my glasses were missing. It didn't matter, I couldn't bring them with me anyway. Luckily, Fiona didn't have a penchant for tearing up books and I put them away carefully in my bag.
  In the evening, Luna came to the kitchen to tell the staff that there was a very important party in a few days and that we should all prepare in advance. When she gave the order, her gaze stopped for a second as she looked at me, probably seeing the bruised pinch marks on my neck left by Fiona. I flinched and ducked my head even lower. Then Luna shifted her gaze to the others.
  Back in the basement, I applied the herbs to the pinch marks on my neck. Only then did I remember the purpose of tomorrow's party. Isaac was coming of age and he would have a mate of his. Not knowing what kind of person his mate would be, I thought about the few encounters I'd had with Isaac.
  His mate would stroke across the bridge of his high nose and look into his caramel eyes filled with tenderness. She would lean onto his warm and broad chest, when held close to him, the smell of ebony and cedar would linger in her nostrils. Then she would hear him whisper in her ears in a magnetic bass voice, saying that he loved her. Who could have such a mate as Isaac? His mate would most likely be the daughter of Alpha from what other packs, graceful and beautiful and powerful so as to be worthy of Isaac, right?
  Isaac's POV
  The coming-of-age rite was near and my mother didn't bother to hide it now; she used to just ask me sideways about any girls I liked. Now she was throwing a straightforward party for me to find my mate. According to her, the party would invite many girls from prominent families. It would be a lie to say that I wasn't curious, there was no one who wasn't looking forward to their mate.
  As I was walking to school, I couldn't blame my eyes for being too good, it was just that this thing looked very familiar. Very few werewolves wore glasses, so a pair tossed on the side of the road, which was broken off, caught my eye.
  &quot;This is clearly the pair I gave her! How dare she throw away what I gave her?&quot;
  &quot;The girl looks not like the kind to just throw things around.&quot; Caesar tried to defend her.
  &quot;I have been nice to her out of good intentions, but she didn't value it at all. She'd better stay out of my face from now on. I won't mind her business anymore.&quot;
  Thinking back at Claudia's innocent green eyes, I felt betrayal and anger.
  I had been too good to the slave these days and made her forget who she was！

###chapter 8
  Claudia's POV
      Once again, my bag was thrown into the sink in the first-floor hall. The girls had taken extra "care" of me for the past two days, seemingly on instructions from Fiona. And I had to run downstairs to pick up my bag. When Isaac approached me, I froze, with a hint of nervousness. What I didn't expect was that he didn't even look at me and walked right past me.
      I wasn't expecting him to help me out. As per usual, he would fold his arms over his chest and lean against the wall watching my embarrassing scene of being bullied with a mocking but pretty smile on his face or a couple of harsh words. But today he walked straight past me like he didn't see me, not giving me a single look.
      By the time I had fished up everything that had fallen in the sink, the bell had rung. I hurried to the classroom, where the teacher looked at me with a disgruntled look on her face and a roar of laughter came from the classroom. And I subconsciously looked at Isaac, who was just looking down at his book, not paying the slightest bit of attention to the noise brought by me.
      The teacher nodded and gestured for me to hurry back to my seat before the whole classroom got rowdy. I still felt uneasy as I sat back in my seat, and the expressionless look on Isaac's face made me feel like he was even more distant from me than before.
      The next day was Isaac's coming-of-age rite, and he'd been very unusual these past few days. When I ran into him occasionally, he always treated me like I was air. Even when his friends bullied me, he didn't have the slightest intention of joining them or helping me, he just turned his head and walked away.
      I didn't know how to explain the sense of loss I had felt inside me these past few days; Isaac and I were supposed to be two different worlds, and it was natural that he treated me like air. We hadn't had much of a connection. He used to bully me because he thought it was funny, but now he probably couldn't find fun in that anymore. I told myself that the one or two times he was nice to you, it was just for fun. Didn't crave the warmth you couldn't get.
      Before the party began, the butler instructed us solemnly, "Nothing can go wrong at this party, or Luna will be angry and all of us will be punished."
      So before dawn, I had to get up and clean every corner of the banquet hall. When the cleaning was done, it was close to noon and the maids were going to lunch and they ordered me to put all the tables and chairs in their proper places. There was no way I could resist them, so I had to move the huge tables and chairs alone.
      It was easy to see, though, how much Luna had taken the party seriously. Each table and chair I moved was good wood, and the wood was still faintly scented. The tables and chairs were elaborate, not to mention the rest. Even if I was ordered to dress in a maid's skirt, I guessed Luna didn't like the raggedy clothes I usually wore.
      As the evening slowly came, there were more and more people in the ballroom. Of course, the topic of discussion was Isaac, the star of the evening, and the maids around me were speculating about what Isaac's mate would be like.
      "Guess if Fiona will be the next Luna?" One of the maids said
      "Oh, hell no! If she was the next Luna, we wouldn't have to live. But Isaac looks like he doesn't like her very much either." The other maid said, as if she was in shock, covering her chest. I could kind of understand her, because Fiona was mean to all the servants.
      "True, although Fiona comes from a good family and has a pretty face, there were plenty of such ladies in other packs. I just saw a super fit lady who was ten times more elegant than Fiona in her demeanor."
      My heart felt sad as I listened to the maids discuss the beautiful ladies, who were living a world I couldn't touch. I didn't want to listen to the scenes they painted of the perfect scene where Alpha and Luna live happily ever after, and I rushed away from them.
      Isaac's POV
      My mother was pleading for me to take this party seriously before I entered, and she had had my outfit and accessories custom made for the night. To be honest, I was a little nervous about being reminded of this by my mother.
      As I entered, I caught a glimpse of the traitor girl as she finally changed out of her shabby dress for today's party. The white skirt was wrapped around her thin body, and the brown waistband was strangling her slender waist tightly, which surprisingly outlined the curves of her figure. The hem of the skirt was embroidered with white jasmine flowers in folds, and her thin calves stood straight up under the hem. As much as I hated to admit it, she looked so beautiful in this skirt.
      She finally tied back her messy hair, the slightly curly ends resting on the left side of her shoulders. It made her whole body look warm and tough, like a little daisy in the fall. Except for the obstructive long hair that covered her eyes and almost blocked half of her face. The little slave had her head down and didn't even see the main "focus" of the party enter the room. I realized that I had been staring at the little slave.
      "She better stay out of my sight from now on." Caesar pinched his voice to imitate me. "Obviously, you're the one who keeps staring at people."
      "Who wants to look at her? She's the one who keeps dangling herself in front of me. "I averted my eyes immediately.
      I listened numbly as the people around me introduced me to the young lady of the Blood Stone pack and the daughter of the Alpha of the Silver Moon pack again. They were pretty, like crystals in the light of a jewelry store or a vase of flowers placed in the living room by my mother, pretty but boring. However, keeping my mother's instructions in mind, and considering the fact that today was a diplomatic occasion of sorts, I had to fake a smile and make do with them.
      I smiled so hard that my face froze. The lady in front of me seemed to be saying something about her influence on the wolf pack, and I was totally on the go. Her perfume was overpowering and I was going to throw up if I was around her for one more second.
      So, under the pretext that my mother wanted me to go find her, I quickly left the party hall and hid on the balcony to get some normal air. Then I couldn't help but look at the traitor girl in the corner, who looked kinda cute with her head down in a daze.
      Claudia's POV
      The moment Isaac walked into the ballroom, I could hear the women in the room gasp backwards, even without the hearing of a werewolf. Isaac didn't usually pay much attention to grooming himself, his hair usually looked like he'd grabbed it by hand casually and had a casual, messy wildness to it. And he used to dress casually for convenience, making him look like a big boy. Of course, no matter how casual he was, his face and body were too perfect for anyone to find him unattractive.
      But he looked too good-looking on the rite. His chestnut hair was neatly slicked back on his head, and his black formal dress was embroidered with the dark emblem of his family crest. His broad shoulders held up the garment's flamboyance, and he looked sturdy and cool. The straight trousers made his 6'2" frame look even more slender.
      The ladies around me abandoned their modesty and flocked to Isaac's side. All that I could do was to hold the plate in my hands carefully so that the wine on it didn't spill. The butler told me to clean up the food on the buffet table, making sure it looked neat and tidy. I gulped silently as I looked at the delicate snacks on the table, that food of which I hadn't tasted a bite of since I was six.
      The ladies surrounding Isaac didn't look like girls in our wolf pack, they were all good-looking, whose gorgeous outfits glistened in the light. And Isaac smiled at them in the way that he showed his white teeth aptly.
      I looked into the eyes of the lady across from him and I read her mind, "Gosh, he has such a nice smile, I'm falling in love. What should I say to make him like me?" There must have been a handful of ladies in the room who adored him. And I guess he would probably never smile at me like that. I looked down at my white cotton dress, which was the best dress I had ever worn, and I could only smile at myself mockingly.
      Someone in the distance caused a small commotion. I looked over at the commotion and it turned out to be Fiona, who probably got up earlier than I did today just to get her perfect look. Fiona's blonde hair was up in a high coiffure, combed with hairspray to cling to her scalp, her dress and heels were studded with diamonds, and her waistband strangled her so much that it looked like she had trouble breathing, but it did complement her sexy body.
      While my thoughts went around and back to the moment of being taunted by Isaac about having a bony body. I was looking at Fiona in a daze when suddenly someone hit me in the back and knocked me to the ground. I fell to the ground before I realized that it was a respectable lady who had hit me.
      "Ah!!" Unfortunately, she also fell to the ground with me. "What are you doing standing in the way?"

###chapter 9
  Claudia's POV
      The young lady who fell to the ground had her face turned red with anger. After all, she had made a fool of herself in front of the one she liked. Even though she was the one who bumped into me, what could I, a slave, say? I got up and bowed to her in apology. The lady was helped up by the other maids, and her pretty dress got wrinkled. But this scene happened to be seen by Fiona.
      God! I would die.
      She would push me to the edge whenever she got the goods on me.
      "What's going on?" Fiona deliberately asked aloud, and more eyes were attracted by her to our side.
      "Oh my God!" She pointed to the lady's dress and quipped, "This looks awful. " People around her began to look at the dress and whisper about it.
      Everyone in the room looked our way and the lady's face got even redder and I could only lower my head to apologize to her.
      "This damn slave is to blame for being careless and ruining such a nice dress of yours." Fiona tried to deflect the lady's anger at me, and she succeeded.
      There was a lot of chatter around because I had collided with the daughter of the Alpha from the Silver Moon wolf pack Alpha. She shouldn't have ever made a fool of herself on such a big occasion, and the lady requested me to get down on my knees and apologize to her under the glare of all eyes. Even if it was her that bumped into me, I would have to admit that mistake. I could not talk back at the time and made things go worse.
      I could only kneel down and sincerely say to the lady, "I'm sorry, it was my fault. Please forgive me."
      Fiona didn't want to let me go yet. "Do you think that it's enough if you just apologize? You snotty traitor's daughter." She looked at me with a smug look on her face.
      The word "traitor" completely diverted everyone's attention once it was uttered. The topic of discussion went from "skirt" to "traitor" at once.
      I could hear them whispering, "Is this slave the daughter of a traitor?"
      "Is it surprising that the Crimson Shadow pack would let the daughter of a traitor into the banquet? What if she's going to hurt someone here?"
      Seeing the crowd's spearhead shift away from her own, the lady looked confident. She casually poured a glass of champagne on my head, "I say, so you're a traitor's daughter. What? Did they leave a fool like you behind when they executed your parents?"
      I could have endured it, as I have endured all the bullying over the years. But who was she to say that about my parents? My poor parents were wrongly accused and died. Should they even have to suffer such insults after their death? I stood up and looked at the lady, "My parents are not traitors, and you just ran into me yourself."
      The lady didn't expect me to defy her and stood still in surprise looking at me incredulously. Fiona, however, reacted very quickly and raised her hand and slapped me, making me apologize to the distinguished guest.
      "That's enough!" A cold man's voice came over and it made everyone silent in a while. Isaac walked over and blocked the lady's hand from trying to hit me, then he faced the lady and said, "I saw the whole thing, you didn't stand still and ran into her." Isaac pointed his hand at me, "And she already apologized, do you still want to hit her?"
      The lady was obviously educated by the Alpha, or because of her noble fame. As others gasped for air out of Isaac's overwhelming aura, she questioned Isaac, "Are you going to offend me and even my father because of a slave?" Isaac sidled up and shielded me. "I'm just stating the facts. And this slave is a slave of Crimson Shadow's wolf pack, it's not your turn to discipline her." The lady bit her lip in defiance, but she knew she was wrong and had to leave in anger.
      Isaac helped me out and was immediately pulled away by ladies from other wolf packs who seemed to enjoy the coolness and severity Isaac had just shown. I had that tiny bit of joy in my heart that he might be doing it for the reputation of the pack. But he was still the only one who had stepped up to help me when I was in the most danger. I couldn't control my joy that the corner of my mouth was quirking up uncontrollably, then I saw our Luna's frown at it. Luna looked at me with an icy look of reproach, and I knew she was angry that Isaac had offended the daughter of the Alpha of the Silver Moon pack in order to protect me.
      The butler came over with orders from Luna to inform me that I should leave the venue immediately and go to the back kitchen to wash the dishes. "You should leave and wash all the dishes used for today's banquet. This is an order from Luna."
      After informing me of Luna's orders, the butler gave me a sympathetic look and went back to work. I couldn't even finish washing those dishes overnight. But looking at Luna's disgusted eyes, I could only meekly walk into the kitchen. Before I left, I couldn't resist sneaking a glance at Isaac.
      Isaac's POV
      Fiona was showing me the diamonds on her dress. I couldn't scold her in public, but there was no one around now. I was just sick of thinking about the scene where she just beat up the traitor girl. I pulled Fiona close and whispered in her ear, "Get out of my sight and don't make me mad."
      Fiona cringed, as if she didn't expect me to be so mean to her. She asked me surprisingly, "You haven't scolded me like that before. Have you found your mate?"
      What the hell was she thinking? "No." I replied impatiently.
      The traitor girl was walking towards the door when she turned back just in time to see my eyes. For just a moment, my heart seemed to stop beating. All the sounds around me went silent, as if the entire world was just her and me. It was as if a million currents ran through my body, and a million words stuck in my throat that I couldn't say.

###chapter 10
  Claudia's POV
      I peeked over at Isaac only to run right into his eyes and after a few seconds of staring at him, I read his thoughts. A huge shock took over my mind. How was this possible? I was so shocked by what I read that my fingertips trembled.
      Someone beside me was calling my name and telling me to get my ass to the back kitchen, but I was frozen in place as if I had been struck by lightning. No matter how loudly they called me, I was still caught up in the emotion of surprise, until one of the maids forcefully dragged me to the back kitchen.
      "What were you doing standing there?" The maid scolded me, "Do you think you're the focus of the banquet, staying still in the doorway and not moving?" She pushed me to the sink and the cold water soaked into my skirt before I slowly eased back from the shock. I picked up the dishes and scrubbed them numbly, the word "mate" running all over my mind.
      "She's my mate!" I looked into Isaac's eyes and read his mind. I was actually Isaac's mate! No, no, no, Isaac was actually my mate. Fiona would definitely kill me if she found out about this. But Isaac would come to rescue me, right? Because I was his mate.
      Mate, mate...I kept chewing on that word. Would that proud son of an Alpha be with me? My mind was rambling, completely lost in normal logic.
      Isaac's POV
      My wolf blood was fully aroused at this moment, and I could sense everything around me. And my mate was not far from me, Caesar could smell clearly where she was. A feeling of pleasure filled my heart that I had finally found my mate. Before, I had wondered why that particular girl always caught my attention and that Caesar had a strong liking for her. Especially after seeing her beautiful green eyes, I had speculated if she could be my mate.
      "I can't believe she's my mate!" I shouted in my mind. There was still a slight shock in my heart at the confirmation of the conjecture. But there was also a sweet sense of joy spreading through it.
      Caesar expressed his excitement as he tried to fight for control of my body and pounced on Claudia's side immediately.
      "Calm down!" I ordered Caesar. Gosh, I finally found my mate and she was right by my side the whole time.
      "Isaac, what are you gawking at? Come dance with me, will you?" Fiona's voice woke me up.
      I looked at her with a grim gaze. "Can't you hear me telling you to get the hell away from me?" I shrugged off Fiona's hand on my arm, ignoring her shouting behind my back.
      Thanks to Fiona for calming me down, there was no way that Claudia and I were going to be together. The rest of the time at the banquet, I was thinking about her in my mind. As for what other people said or did, I couldn't pay a bit of attention to it.
      After the party, my mother asked me with great concern, "You don't seem to be concentrating. What happened? Have you found your mate?"
      I opened my mouth and swallowed back the words that had come to my lips. Mother would never want me to be mated to a slave or the daughter of a traitor. If the rest of the pack found out Claudia was my mate. Jesus. I couldn't even imagine that image. I would be laughed at by everyone. And my father would have looked at me with disdain and inherited the Alpha position to my brother Neil.
      Most importantly, my mother would kill Claudia if she knew. As I remembered, she would never allow me to do anything that would go against the "future Alpha". Knowing that my mate was only a lowly slave, she would have gotten rid of Claudia and found me a woman to marry who would secure the pack's rule.
      So I had to hide it from my mother and tell her that I hadn't found my mate yet. The loss on my mother's face was obvious and she reminded me before she left, "You know how important Luna is to the pack, so your mate must be helpful to you in becoming an Alpha." With that, my mother left in a hurry, and I could only watch her back and leave in silence.
      Unlike my father, my mother did not show any obvious dislike of me. But she was always cold, and her concern for me was limited to the "heir to the Alpha" aspect. I wanted my mother to hug me like other children who were pampered in their mothers arms. But what I got was words like "You're going to be an Alpha, don't act so weak."as the answer. Today's banquet was also like that. My mother had brought ladies of high status from all the wolf packs. She just wanted my mate to be worthy of the future Alpha, but never thought that my mate should be someone I truly love.
      After my mother left, I thought about it alone in the bathroom for a long time. Thinking about my future, the rigorous training I had received since I was a child and thinking about my mother and father's reprimand. Mostly, I thought about how I was going to face my mate. Confusion and hopelessness made my heart bitter. I looked at myself in the mirror and questioned why I was living like a loser, then slammed my fist into the mirror.
      "Bang!" The mirror exploded apart at once, leaving a drop of blood around the edge of the already shattered mirror.
      Claudia's POV
      When I finished washing the dishes, it was already dawning. The cold water soaked my hands for so long that the bones in my fingers began to tingle. My entire arms were too fatigued to be able to lift them from the mechanical motions I had repeated all night. Exhaustion surrounded me, leaving me with little energy to think about the farce that had taken place at the banquet last night as well as my mate.
      As I dragged my tired body back to the basement, I saw someone in the doorway who had never been there before. Isaac was leaning against the doorway of my room waiting for me. My heart began to pound violently when he approached me. He slowly walked towards me and my face started to burn out of my control. But at that moment, I should have been able to see the grim expression on Isaac's face if I hadn't been overwhelmed with a great sense of joy.
      "Do you really think that a slave like you would be my mate?" Isaac's tone was full of disdain and boredom. "Don't even think about what you can't get."

###chapter 11
  Isaac's words knocked me from heaven to hell and I looked at him with incredulous eyes. When I had read that he was my mate, I had fantasized about being with him. Would I finally be happy? But his words shattered all my fantasies.
      After a brief moment of surprise, I calmed down. I mentally laughed at myself; indeed, it was all in my head. Isaac had never acted like he liked me. He had bullied me since I was a kid and always teased me. He had even torn up books that I had protected with all my heart. I wouldn't want someone with such a bad personality to be my mate.
      "Whatever, I don't want to be your mate either." I actually said that to Isaac in a fit of pique. Isaac didn't seem to expect me to answer him like that, and his face got even uglier.
      I watched his reaction with a little pleasure of revenge. Then I continued, "We can break off our mate relationship." Oh my God, I really said that out loud. My heart still ached from saying it. This was the mark that the Moon Goddess put on each of our werewolf souls, and unmating meant to strip away a part of our souls for both sides.
      Sure enough, Isaac hesitated for a moment before speaking, "I don't agree with that. I don't want to have a mate right now. I need you to be my shield." He said in a tone that didn't allow me to say no. "You better not let anyone else know that we're mate."
      What did he take me for? It made me very angry that he didn't want me to be his mate. Fine, I would listen to him and dissolve the relationship. But he still wanted to use me as his shield. Of course, I rejected him, "It's none of my business what you want, but please don't use me."
      My attitude was so firm that Isaac looked pissed off at me. He pinned me against the wall and propped his arm on the side of my head, "I'm not asking for your permission. This is an order." His face slowly zoomed out in front of me, "If you refuse, I will banish you from the pack right now." He leaned back slightly and looked my body up and down.
      "You won't survive a day out there the way you are now."
      My back was pressed against the wall, and the intimidating pressure of Isaac's aura made me shudder. His stern eyes were like a blade against my neck, and if I didn't agree with his terms, I might actually be banished.
      "OK." That was all I could answer.
      Isaac's POV
      I thought I'd prepared to say it to Claudia, but I felt a piece of my heart ripped out when she offered to break off the mate relationship. Claudia looked at me steadfastly with her emerald-like eyes. I felt a hole in my soul, a hole that could only be filled by her. "Never dissolve a relationship with her!" A warning popped into my head. So I used "I don't want to find a mate yet" as an excuse for her to hide our relationship.
      I released Claudia and she eventually accepted my offer under my duress. Claudia turned away at a slightly unsteady pace. The moment she turned, a tear dripped from her pretty eye. It seemed that I could taste the bitterness of that tear, and how I wanted to take her in my arms and kiss away her tears. But if I did that, I could only put her in danger.
      No one would accept her as my mate, even if I got together with her. We would be separated one day for various reasons. Maybe it was the threat from my mother, maybe it was the accusations from the werewolves. I didn't want to just give her a short moment of happiness and then wake her up from her beautiful dream. Instead of that, it would be better to draw a line with her from the beginning and make her feel desperate for the relationship. It was the kindest tactic I could think of.
      "Then you might as well just dissolve the relationship." Caesar was very unhappy with the way I had resolved the situation.
      "No..." I squeezed my left arm tightly. I thought I was going to die of a heart attack when I heard the dissolution earlier, my entire chest aching from the words.
      Caesar felt the same pain and his tone eased, "But dude, you went too far with your threat."
      "I know it!" This feeling of powerlessness fulfilled me, I clenched my fists and felt my fingertips slowly pricking into my palms.
      Claudia's POV
      In front of Isaac, I had been forcing myself to keep the tears from falling. But the moment I turned around, tears welled up uncontrollably in my eyes. I laid down on my bed and curled myself into a ball and let out a loud cry. I used to think that Isaac was special to me. He was the only one in the pack that had ever helped me. I remembered that hug in my moment of crisis, and the book and the glasses. He'd even offended the daughter of Silver Moon Pack's Alpha at the banquet to help me. But lastly, in his eyes, I was still just a humble slave, a tool to be used.
      I pulled the illustrated book and map out from under the floor tiles, originally I was soon out of here according to Alpha Alex's promise. There was nothing left for the wolf pack that I could hold on to anymore, and I took a pen and marked my calendar. Two months to go, just endured these last two months and I would be out of here for good. I clutched the ring my mother had left me in my hand and placed it on my chest as I drifted off to sleep.
      Fiona's POV
      Ellie came up to me and asked, "How was the banquet? Did Isaac find his mate?" The eyes of the girls around us were instantly on our side. Those daydreaming bitches, if it wasn't me, it wouldn't be them, too!
      I put on my standard smile. "Of course, Isaac's mate will definitely be me."
      "So, are you guys getting together?" Ellie whispered in my ear.
      Gee, Isaac had been even colder to me these days than he was before. I had been preparing myself to get him to look at me squarely. I knew the boys around me looked at me with desire, and I was sure Isaac couldn't resist me the same way.
      I snuck into Isaac's room while he was away, then stripped off the clothes I had on, which I made a point of putting in plain sight. Then I got under Isaac's quilt naked. When Isaac came back and saw the surprise I'd given him, I was sure he wouldn't be able to stand it.
      Isaac's POV
      Recently, I had just hurt my mate badly, and the complicated feelings had been keeping me from focusing on anything I did these days, especially when I occasionally met Claudia. My heart grew bitter at the sight of her out of guilt. I'd been avoiding Claudia as much as possible to keep her from being upset. I really couldn't meet Claudia face to face, but I had to pretend that nothing had happened. She looked tired too. I didn't know if it was because of me.
      I was in a trance with my mind filled full of Claudia. But when I walked to my room, I found that my quilt on the bed was raised in a ball and there seemed to be something there. The covers suddenly moved and a pair of bare and slender legs reached out of them.
      Was it Claudia? I suddenly pictured her lying in my bed and the blood rushed to my cheeks at once. What was I thinking? How could she be lying in my bed? Still, I was expecting it inside, and I nervously lifted the cover.
      "Fiona? What the hell are you doing here?" Anticipation turned to anger at once.
      "I just wanted to surprise you." Fiona pretended to be shy. She intertwined her legs and deliberately guided my eyes.
      This bitch, who did she think I was? My face definitely turned very terrible, "Get out of my room right now!"
      Fiona was definitely not expecting this reaction and she stammered in fear "But...but...How am I going to get out of here like this?"
      I grabbed a random blanket from the closet and threw it in Fiona's face. "Don't let me see you again." I issued my final warning.
      Fiona got panicked, then she quickly wrapped the blanket tightly around her and stumbled out of my room.
      I admired Fiona's imagination for trying to seduce me with such cheap tactics. But I wouldn't see her as a friend in the future, since she had touched my bottom line this time.
      I didn't know if it was the effect of the daytime drama, but that night I had a dream that was hard to talk about. In the dream, a girl was lying on top of me and I could feel her soft skin. She touched me tenderly and I held her tightly, trying to see her face clearly. Then a pair of beautiful green eyes appeared in front of me. I kissed my mate like I was kissing a rose. The softness seemed to linger on my lips when I woke up from the dream. Oh, God! I covered my face. I couldn't believe I had an erotic dream and it was about Claudia. This was so humiliating.
      After that day, every time I saw Claudia, I would remember that absurd dream. But I still couldn't touch her, and I could only watch her from a distance. It was all to protect my mate, and I brainwashed myself. Caesar could smell where Claudia was at all times, so I would sometimes sneak up on her and watch her every move in silence.
      "You're acting like a perverted stalker." Caesar found it very humiliating for us.
      "Shhh." I looked at Claudia not far away, "I'm doing this to protect her."

###chapter 12
  Neil's POV
      It looked like Fiona was crazy that she had been looking for trouble with people for the past two days. I heard a talkative maid say that she saw Fiona being kicked out of Isaac's room only wrapped in a blanket. I could probably guess what happened, even though Fiona grew up with us, Isaac always had a bottom line that no one could touch. Isaac never showed a hint of liking her, and Fiona really had it coming. But my brother was always ruthless and stern. Fiona should never dare act out of character again.
      Words couldn't even describe how I felt when I thought of my big brother. When we were very young, I was relatively mild-mannered and out of place in the wolf pack that revered strength. Because I was Alpha's child, many people didn't dare to bully me on the surface, only daring to taunt me behind my back. In the face of these insults, I could only pretend not to hear them. But Isaac would punish those who talked too much about me, and there were many who were beaten so much that they couldn't open their mouths for days. It wasn't until puberty when I got my wolf that the backbiting slowly died down.
      Isaac's cold personality had a lot to do with our parents, who were very hard on Isaac, sometimes to the point where I couldn't even bear it. But my mother said, "This is what the Alpha should take." Indeed, Isaac was God's favored child, handsome and powerful, and everyone saw him as the next Alpha.
      I, on the other hand, was loved by my parents. But when people talked about me, they always said "that kid who is not as good as his brother in every way". Even on the training field, it turned out to be the same. My coach always told me, "You're good enough, though not as good as your brother." After having my own wolf, I tried very hard to catch up with Isaac, but God was partial and I beat everyone except my brother, who was better than me in every way.
      "You piece of shit without a wolf!" Fiona's scream came from behind me. I turned to look as she slapped the skinny girl hard. Bite someone when she's in a bad mood? I went up to stop her from raising her hand again. "Fiona, what did she do and you have to hit her like that?"
      Fiona drew back her hand, she was more restrained in front of me. "She's standing there in my way. It's disgusting to see her." I looked over to the girl who kept her head down. No wonder, she's the daughter of a traitor. The girl had been bullied by everyone since she was little, and no one liked her, even the servants casually bullied her. The girl looked so pitiful that she easily reminded me of my own tough days of being bullied.
      I got in front of the girl and said to Fiona, "You're so ugly acting like this, no wonder Isaac doesn't want to talk to you." The words hit a sore spot with Fiona and she couldn't hold her tongue, her face turning purple with anger.
      I stifled a laugh and continued, "Are you going to be embarrassed here with all these people watching?"
      Fiona glared at the girl and turned to leave. I looked down at the girl and said in a soft tone because I was afraid of scaring her, "Are you okay? Did she hurt you?"
      The girl didn't say a word, just shook her head and said in a barely audible voice, "Thank you." My wolf smelled the faint smell of blood, she must have been hurt but didn't dare to say anything. I crouched down and saw that there was a cut under her ear. It must be the wound that Fiona deliberately hit with the sharp jewel. I tried to take the girl to the infirmary, but she refused. So I had to buy medicine and simply help her treat the wound.
      "I'm going to disinfect the wound now. Bear with it!" The girl cringed as I rubbed alcohol across her wound. She was strong, though. The girl sat obediently and remained silent as I followed up on the wound. It was probably that kind of personality that made Fiona love to bully her more and more.
      Before I left, I told the girl to be careful of Fiona and to stay as far away from her as possible. Instead, the girl let out a short laugh, and she thanked me then ran away immediately. What a strange girl. I had rarely noticed her before. She seemed to be harboring a lot of secrets inside, which made me curious about this traitor's daughter.
      Claudia's POV
      If I had a wolf, I would have been the first to smell Fiona's strong perfume and run far away. But I didn't, and Fiona had come all this way to scold me, so she must have made a fool of herself somewhere and come to me to vent her anger.
      Fiona wasn't just content to slap me now. The sharp ring on her finger glinted in the sun's rays. One slap came down and I felt a sharp pain in my face. Just as I endured it, the expected second slap didn't land on my face. A tall figure caught Fiona's hand, and I subconsciously thought it was Isaac, but when the boy spoke up, it turned to Neil, another son of Alpha. I spat at my imagination earlier. Isaac had made his words clear. How could he come to rescue me again?
      Neil was also one of the few people who could frustrate Fiona. He wasn't as popular as Isaac, but he also had the best bloodlines. Unlike Isaac, he had inherited his father's blue-gray eyes. There were many people who had been taken care of by him, and his soft gentlemanly nature had always rated him well with the girls. I had always been grateful to Neil as he never bullied me. Even though he probably just never noticed me, I still had a soft spot for his kindness.
      Neil gently treated my wounds, and the tone of his voice when he applied medicine to me made me think of a parent coaxing a child to take it. Neil was going to take me to the infirmary, but the staff wouldn't give me a good look. So I rejected it.
      Before I left, he reminded me to stay away from Fiona. I was careful enough to avoid Fiona, but she must have had her wolf track me down. No matter where I hid, I would be dragged out and beaten by her. Fiona could practically be a detection dog, I imagined the image. I must have failed to hold back my laughter, and Neil looked at me suspiciously. I hurriedly apologized to him and fled.
      Isaac's POV
      Caesar smelled that my mate was hurt and I rushed to Claudia's side. But instead, I saw Neil and Claudia behaving intimately, and I almost couldn't help myself from rushing up and taking Claudia back to me. But I knew Neil's character, he and Claudia had nothing to do with each other, so he probably took pity on Claudia and helped her.
      But I couldn't control my possessiveness as I watched Neil gently hold Claudia's face and wipe Claudia's wounds with alcohol swabs. It was too close! He just applied medicine to her. Why did they have to be so close?
      Late at night, I slipped into Claudia's basement with medication for traumatism. Claudia appeared to be asleep, her chest rising and falling steadily. I sat carefully on the edge of her bed, and the medical tape Neil had applied made me feel very unpleasant.
      I silently removed the tape and reapplied the wound. I was careful to breathe during the re-dressing process, for fear of waking Claudia, who was sleeping, and the cut on her face looked very serious. I swore, if I found out who caused it, he or she would regret hurting Claudia for the rest of his or her life.
      "But right now you can only watch from here. Let alone find that bastard, you can't even take care of her." Caesar's words were all about blaming me.
      "I know, but I can't let anyone else know that Claudia is my mate and she'll be in danger." I helped Claudia put the light quilt back on.
      After a while, Caesar asked me tentatively, "Wouldn't it have been easier for you to agree to dissolve the mate relationship?"
      "I just... don't want to dissolve it."
      "Why? I'm your wolf, don't try to lie to me."
      I gently stroked Claudia's face, trying to etch her sleeping face into my mind. "Maybe...I'm falling in love with her."

###chapter 13
  Claudia's POV
      Someone slipped into my room late at night and I was too scared to move. That was until I smelled the faint scent of ebony and cedar. Why had Isaac come to me at this time? I had no idea what he wanted to do and I had to continue to pretend to sleep. He sat slowly on the edge of my bed without making a single noise.
      Then he brushed away my long hair that was covering my face, uncovered the bandages that Neil placed, and applied the medicine again. I could feel his gentle movements, which even made my cheeks tickle a little. But I resisted, because I was really curious about what Isaac was trying to do. But when he finished dressing the wound, there was only a long silence. After a while, he started touching my face, and I could feel from his movements that Isaac seemed to be reluctant to leave.
      After Isaac left, my face was burning like a fire where he had touched it. I went to look in the mirror and in it my face began to flush unusually. Slowly, my body began to heat up as well. Was this abnormal heat because of Isaac's touch earlier? And did he sneak over at midnight just to change my medicine? What did the intimate touch just now mean when it was clear that he was only using me as a tool? I couldn't get an answer even after thinking about it for half a day. Finally, I could only fall asleep with a fever.
      The heat still didn't go away from my body when I got up the next day. Maybe it was a fever. I covered my forehead. Fever was a regular occurrence for me, so I still went to the kitchen with my fevered brain.
      I placed the baked bread on a plate, the crispy edges bumping against the plate with a delightful sound. Just as I was slicing fresh berries, a man threw the buttered bread at my head.
      "Hey, slave! You could have avoided this. Where's your wolf?" The boy exaggerated to his companions, "Oh! I forgot. You don't have a wolf at all." His words made his friends burst into laughter.
      I didn't want to mess with these assholes, I just wanted to finish my work and get out of here. But these assholes obviously didn't want to give me that chance. Seeing my lack of response, they directly gathered around me and surrounded me.
      "You should live with humans. Those lower races don't have wolves like you." The boy who threw bread at my head said.
      "Wait, wait. Humans won't accept you either! You alien, disabled monster!" He pushed me to the ground and stomped on my hand with his foot. His companions laughed as they kicked me around a few times.
      "What's all the noise!" Isaac looked like an angel sent by God to save me at this point. The angel grabbed the leading boy by the collar and threw him out of the kitchen. "Don't interrupt my breakfast." Then the boy's companions looked at Isaac's sharp gaze and fled in panic and disarray.
      Now that Isaac and I were the only ones left in the kitchen, I was going to thank him. But Isaac looked at me and walked away with his breakfast. Just as I saw his eyes, I also heard his mind at the same time, "I have to go to protect her. I hope she's okay."
      Watching his back as he left, my heart warmed up, so he cared about me. I covered my chest, my heart pounding haphazardly. Was this what it felt like to be cared for?
      Isaac's POV
      A boy threw his breakfast on Claudia's head, and I saw the scene as soon as I walked in the door.
      A low growl escaped Caesar's throat. All I could do was to calm him down as best I could while suppressing my own anger, and ask him not to rush out and bite the boy's neck. I told Caesar that if he struck at that moment, it would only cause more trouble for Claudia.
      Claudia didn't say a word, which made my heart ache even more. But I understood that this was her way of defending herself. It sounded cruel, but after all those years of living in the wolf pack, Claudia should have gotten used to the insults a long time ago. I thought the boy would stop right there, but his companions and he walked up and surrounded Claudia. Fuck, did they see her as prey?
      Physiological instincts set the alarm bells ringing in my head: my mate was in danger! But in what identity would I have to help Claudia without attracting their attention? I simply couldn't help a slave I'd always despised; which would make everyone suspicious.
      Just as my thoughts were fighting in my head. The boy pushed Claudia down and stomped her hand under his foot. "He's dead, I'm going to break his hand." The words proclaimed loudly in my head. But then, I needed to find an excuse quickly to let them stop hurting Claudia. I threw the boy out of the kitchen, though I couldn't control Caesar's murderous aura. The boy's friends looked at me and ran away. Their wolves should have tucked their tails in fear.
      It was then that Claudia rose from the ground, and she looked at me with a puzzled but grateful look in her eyes. Although I just wanted to hold her in my arms at this point, my sanity made me leave the place immediately, without a moment's hesitation.
      Worrying about Claudia kept me from concentrating all day. By late at night I decided to slip into Claudia's basement again and take careful care of her. Claudia was very unstable in her sleep, her face flushed an unnatural red. I reached up and touched her forehead, and the high fever emanating from there startled me. I wanted to go pour some cool water to cool her down, but just as I was leaving the bed, Claudia grabbed my hand.
      Claudia's POV
      I had a very torturous dream. I was walking in a dungeon full of flames and it was like hell. I kept looking for the exit but got lost inside. Just when I was in a state of great anxiety, a flash of ice came to my face. The torment left me instantly, and I stayed with that coolness. But it was about to leave me. I woke up in a panic and grabbed the object that brought me coolness. It was a long and strong hand, and I immediately realized the owner of the hand.
      I was going to let go of Isaac's hand, but instead, Isaac grabbed my hand and held me in his arms in a smooth motion. I didn't know if it was an illusion, but the high fever I was feeling seemed to subside a lot when he held me in his arms.
      I leaned into Isaac's chest. He wrapped his arms around my waist and then lowered his head to look at me with compassionate and tender eyes. Isaac's handsome face slowly zoomed in front of my eyes until I could feel his warmth, and his moist breath directly hit my face.
      "You're supposed to close your eyes when you kiss." Isaac's magnetic voice vibrated my eardrums.
      He spared one hand and rested gently on my eyelids, forcing my eyes to close. The moment our lips touched, I could feel the connection of our souls. Wonderful sensations rushed up to my head and took over my heart. The hot and uncomfortable feelings in my body disappeared all at once, and there was only complete mental relaxation.
      Isaac must have felt the same way I did. Once the kiss was over, he still held me and wouldn't let go. "You're not burning up anymore, I'm guessing it's from the rut."
      "Rut?" Rut! It occurred to me that, as Isaac's mate, we rarely had physical contact. What I needed most in the rut was the company of my mate, but Isaac and I weren't regular mate, and he had only rejected me for a few days. And I didn't want him to harass me every day. The thought of not being cared for by my mate made my body start to heat up again. And my head became dizzy.

###chapter 14
  Claudia's POV
      It was as if Isaac could see my concern. We made a deal that he could come and stay with me every night to help me through my rut. Of course, this was all to ease my physical discomfort. I had to agree.
      After that, Isaac literally came to stay with me every night. He would hold me to sleep all night. Just holding me, of course.
      It was supposed to be a quiet night. Isaac didn't seem to be in a good mood that day, he buried his head in my neck and sniffed me like a large pampered dog.
      "Isaac?" I whispered his name. He looked up at me just in time to look into my eyes. After a few seconds of staring at each other, I read his thoughts, "I like her so much. What should I do to have her?".
      I covered my mouth to keep myself from screaming. Was Isaac actually into me?
      Didn't he reject me as his mate? But when I read his mind, I could feel how strong Isaac's adoration was. Of all the people whose hearts I had read, Isaac was the only one who had such a warm affection for me. This strange love filled my heart with a swelling sweetness.
      "Are you okay?" Isaac saw my reaction and thought I was starting to get hot again. He took my face in his hands and kissed my forehead gently. My face started to burn, this time not because of a rut, but because of Isaac's affection.
      Isaac lifted my quilt to the side in disgust. "You call this "rag" a quilt?" He shifted to a wolf, "Hold me. It'll keep you warmer."
      It was the first time that I saw Isaac's wolf form, and I touched his fur tenderly. Isaac's snout brushed the side of my face, "Don't be afraid, I'll protect you." I slowly held him in my arms and let him lay down on the bed, stroking the fur on his back. The wolf's fur wasn't as soft as the smaller animals, but it was still very warm. I buried my face in the fur on his chest and was wrapped around by the warm furry, and I immediately fell asleep.
      I woke up the next morning in the warm fur of Isaac's wolf. It turned out that everything that happened last night was not a dream and Isaac really fell in love with me. I gently brushed my hand through the fur on his chest and the sensitive wolf was woken up by me.
      The temperature inside wasn't as cold as it had been during the night, and Isaac transformed back into his human form. We lay on the bed in silence. He suddenly wrapped his arms around my waist to bring me closer to him, then my chest was pressed against his solid one. His strong and long legs rested on my thighs, imprisoning my entire body in his arms. Isaac ruffled the long hair that was obstructive in front of my face and looked seriously into my eyes.
      I could read his mind. "These eyes shouldn't be covered up, they're so beautiful!" I was suddenly shy, and it was the first time someone had used the word "beautiful" to describe me. Long periods of malnutrition had made me small and my hair was dry and yellow. None of the opposite sex would even look at me. To get away from this shame, I tried to bring the conversation to Isaac.
      "I'm surprised your transformation stayed up all night. I've never seen a werewolf with such power." I was telling the truth, transforming was very energy-intensive.
      "That's normal for me." Isaac's tone held his own pride and confidence, "I am the son of Alpha, the future heir to the Crimson Shadow pack." His eyes seemed to light up as he said that. I looked at him and my heart softened, and the corners of my mouth turned up uncontrollably.
      For the next few days, I seemed to be living a beautiful dream. Isaac still teased me during the day when someone was watching. But with him there, no one else dared to bully me. It was enough for me to know that the reason behind his pranks was not out of hatred.
      Every night I got a fever and Isaac would sneak in to see me. One day he brought a beautifully wrapped cupcake that was customized by the sweet shop and had a little bear on it. He watched me eat half of it and then kissed the cream off my lips. Recently, Isaac had always brought me exquisite treats that I hadn't eaten before, or trinkets that I hadn't seen before. That was fun, but what made me happiest was that he would hold me in his arms all night.
      Maybe our relationship would never be under the sun, but the happiness of the past few days made me intoxicated. I felt Isaac's firm arms and how I wished I could stay in this warm embrace forever.
      Isaac's POV
      Tonight I slipped into Claudia's room as usual, and she lay quietly and dutifully like a deer on her bed waiting for me. I brought her a fruit tonight, which was a gift from the other wolves to my father. The fruit was plump and red with an inviting aroma that immediately reminded me of Claudia, who always smelled faintly of flowers and fruits and whose scent immediately calmed me down.
      Claudia had never seen fruit like this before and she looked like she had discovered a new world. I put the fruit into her mouth and she took a bite. The fruit's bright red juice dripped down her lips and onto her chin. What a sloppy girl! I moved closer to her and licked the juice off her chin.
      I didn't know if it was the fruit or what, but the sweet taste blossomed on my tongue. Unable to control my feelings, I followed her chin and kissed her on the lips. Claudia didn't resist and I deepened the kiss. I was excited, and my teeth were gently bumping up against hers as our tongues intertwined together.
      It was at that point that I felt my body begin to burn unconsciously. It should have been Claudia that brought my rut forward. To relieve the heat in my body, I wanted to touch Claudia's skin as much as possible. I pinned her to the bed and made her put her arms around my neck.
      I could cradle her soft body with one hand. Her thin legs trembled and I couldn't resist touching them. The delicate feeling of touch made me don't want to leave. I kissed her collarbone and the large area of skin below her neck. It wasn't enough and I wanted more. And, Claudia was already going weak at the knees because of my kisses, looking defenseless.

###chapter 15
  Isaac's POV
      Just as I was about to continue, there was a commotion from outside and my wolf immediately sensed danger.
      Fuck! Who's interrupting me at a time like this? The passion was interrupted, which eased me out of my feverish state. The heat slowly subsided from me. Claudia also heard someone screaming outside and she pushed me away from her body. She hurried and asked me to see what was going on outside. I could only kiss her hard on the lips before I left her. I told Claudia to close the door as it was dangerous outside. Then I rushed out of the basement.
      The chaos outside was worse than I'd imagined, and the pack was haunted by a heavy smell of blood. There were also the cries of children and the screams of women. I didn't hesitate to run towards the center of the chaos. It turned out that the surrounding rogues had gathered and sneaked up on our wolf pack while it was dark. The rogues had shifted into wolves, and the leader had already stabbed several of the patrolling warriors with his claws. Just then, I saw Neil ambushing the rogue leader from behind him, and he suddenly attacked, and snapping at the leader's neck with his sharp teeth.
      But the leading rogue had anticipated his attack and pinned him to the ground with a claw directly on his snout. Our warriors were all wounded and no one could help Neil. Just as the leader's claw was about to stab Neil in the chest. I immediately shifted and rushed up. The leader sensed me, but he couldn't keep up with my speed. I took a bite out of the leader's right hand and Neil took advantage of the opening to escape our fight.
      "Owwwwu...!" Howled the leading rogue in pain, which seemed that he was so enraged by my bite. His subordinates all lunged at me like they were in a frenzy. I side-stepped the claws swinging to the left of my vision, then immediately held the leading rogue's head down and slammed him to the ground. By the way, I dodged the attack behind me. Their movements were like slow motion to my eyes. I didn't even have to use my claws and break some rogue's ribs with a single punch.
      The surrounding rogues gradually dared not come forward. "He's too strong! We can't even beat him."
      The leader roared and ordered two of his men to grab both of my arms. Then he opened his big mouth and aimed his teeth at my neck. I showed my claws and hurt the rogues holding me, then tore into the leader's old face, which was already covered in scars.
      After a tussle, the rogues were knocked to the ground and my vision had been obscured by sticky blood. The fainted leader suddenly got up and bit me on the artery of my right leg. The sharp pain knocked me off balance and made me half kneel. The leader sought this opportunity to kill me. When he stretched his left paw to reach for my heart, I caught it with one hand. "You're just a pathetic villain who can only sneak attack on me." I picked him up with one hand and stabbed him through the chest with the other.
      The wounded warriors of our pack all expressed their heartfelt appreciation as they all exclaimed, "Isaac's really a future Alpha!" and "I don't know who else could lead our pack but Isaac."
      I used a strip of cloth torn from my shirt to stop the bleeding. The bite did go deep enough that I could almost see my own bones. But it was all worth it to save the pack.
      Father arrived and he asked about the damage to the pack first. Beta told him, "Only a few warriors were wounded because they were found in time. But luckily for your brave boys, the rogues were defeated."
      My father rushed to care about Neil's injuries and Neil told him, "I'm not hurt, Isaac saved me." Only then did my father turn his attention to me. He seemed to dislike the wound on my leg and immediately averted his eyes. My father said to Neil, "Thanks to you, my son, you are my pride and joy."
      "But, it's Isaac..."
      "Okay." Father interrupted Neil immediately when he heard my name. "The fact that he can be hurt like this means inadequate training." He didn't look at me and went on to care about the fighters.
      My emotions were starting to get out of control because of the pain and the loss of blood. I slapped away the doctor's hand that was trying to bandage me. At that time, I just wanted to grab my father by the collar and ask him, "What's wrong with me and why don't you ever like me? Bastard!"
      But I couldn't, and that made me vulnerable. All I wanted at that point was to go back to Claudia and rest in her gentle scent.
      Claudia's POV
      Isaac told me to hide in the house and not go out, and all I could do was pray for his safety. But after a while, my leg throbbed with pain. It was only for a moment, but I immediately thought of Isaac, and my instincts told me that he was seriously injured. I walked back and forth through the house. The anxiety in my heart was killing me, and all I could see when I closed my eyes was Isaac falling in a pool of blood. I couldn't just stay inside the basement anymore. I walked outside and looked around for Isaac.
      But instead of finding Isaac, I ran into a trapped Fiona, who was barricaded in a corner by a lone rogue. The rogue was looking at her with lust in his eyes. "Aren't you going to put up a fight before I turn you over to our leader?"
      Fiona didn't have her usual swagger at all. She was capable of turning into a wolf, but she had never been in training. Probably every time she went to the training grounds, she did it to drool over Isaac's abs. Fiona didn't stand a chance against a rogue who survived in the wild. She knew this very well, so she turned the spearhead on me.
      Fiona's wolf must have smelled me as she spoke to the rogue, "There's a girl hiding behind the door, and she has very creepy good-looking eyes. I'm sure your leader will be very interested."
      I tried to run away immediately, but the rogue was too fast and he grabbed me in one hand. The rogue pulled my hair up and forced me to look him straight in the eyes. I instantly read his mind, "What pretty eyes indeed. Our leader must like them".
      Fiona planned to run away as the rogue looked at me, but the rogue reacted quickly. He grabbed Fiona with his other hand. "Don't treat me as a fool, now that I have something I can submit. There will be no need for you." The rogue raised his claws, intending to kill Fiona.
      Fiona used her wolf's nimble reaction ability to keep me in front of the rogue's claws in order to save her life. The next second, the rogue's claws pierced right through my abdomen.
      The rogue probably didn't expect that anyone in the pack would betray their companions so outright. "She's dead, so it's your turn to come with me." He pulled Fiona away. I lay in place, and I could clearly feel my blood pouring continually out of the ragged hole in my abdomen.
      The first thing I felt was the pain of my internal organs being torn apart, and physical tears welled up in my eyes. Then I felt the coldness from the loss of blood, and my visions began to blacken. "I'm really going to die this time", I thought. What a pity I would never see Isaac again.
      Just then, a voice pulled my consciousness back from the endless darkness. "Hold on, don't fall asleep."
      My cold body gradually began to warm up, and my wounds were healing. The voice told me, "Don't fall asleep, I'll always be here with you. I'm your wolf - Nicole."

###chapter 16
  Claudia's POV
      When I woke up from the coma, I touched my abdomen. The torn hole that had been pierced was still on my shirt, and the blood on it had dried. But the wound had slowly started to heal, and the place where the hole had been pierced had turned into a small wound. This was the werewolf's ability to heal itself, I guess. I looked in the mirror, and I had regained my human form.
      "Nicole?" It was the name I tentatively called out in my head.
      "I am here." Nicole literally responded and a huge sense of joy took over me. Finally, I had my own wolf! After suffering countless glares and ridicule, I finally had my own wolf. I was no longer a crippled alien. I thought of my father's tall figure that turned into a werewolf, proof that I had inherited his excellent bloodline.
      Nicole felt my joy too. She told me that she hadn't shown up before because my powers were too weak. But in a critical situation, she was roused by the power to survive, allowing me to successfully shift into a wolf. Although the shift lasted for a short time. This was mainly because my body was too weak.
      "You have to take care of yourself, I don't always show up." Nicole said to me worriedly.
      "I will. Thank you, in all respects." I assured her. Then she disappeared.
      Nicole's presence filled me with confidence that the moon goddess was still taking care of me. At that moment, I heard the sound of stray footsteps slowly approaching and my heart lifted again. A tall figure stood in front of me, and it was Isaac's anxious voice.
      "Claudia! Are you okay?"
      Isaac's POV
      The wound on my leg was healing fast because of the wolf's power. I was going to wait until the wound was gone before I met Claudia, because the wound looked really really scary and I was afraid of scaring the frail girl. But I suddenly felt a tingle in my soul, and my instincts told me Claudia was in danger.
      Caesar smelled her location. How did she get outside?! I dragged my injured leg towards her location. The situation was dire, for the air was completely devoid of her floral and fruity aroma, instead it was completely masked by the heavy scent of blood.
      As I rushed to Claudia's location, the scene before me made the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end.
      Claudia was lying in a pool of blood. Who did this to her? My blood boiled in my veins, and I would tear apart anyone who dared to hurt my mate. Rage slowly sharpened my teeth, which already wanted to bite through the killer's throat. Until I tasted a rush of blood in my mouth.
      "Isaac?" A weak voice came from Claudia, who was lying on the floor.
      I was so excited to see her alive that I wanted to hold her tightly in my arms. But she looked pale and was about to faint again. Then I noticed a hole in the abdomen of her dress. The fabric around the hole looked like it had been soaked in blood and was blindingly bright red. My hand trembled slightly for the first time as I carefully touched her abdomen.
      Claudia could see my concern too and she took my hand and placed it on her stomach. God, her hand was like ice. "It's almost healed, it was my wolf that saved me." She gently reassured me, calming me down gradually.
      I looked at her in surprise. "Do you have a wolf?"
      Claudia looked happy. "Yes, just now, I awakened."
      I finally let the worry go and hugged Claudia closer using my arms. I felt her body heat and wanted to hold her forever and not let go. But she was still weak, and I carried her back to the basement.
      Claudia's POV
      I was falling in deep sleep under Isaac's careful care. He was still watching me from the side of the bed until I woke up. I raised my hand to touch him and he immediately understood what I meant, taking my hand and rubbing it against the side of his cheek. I looked into his eyes and read his thoughts "she's still weak, it's my fault." I could feel the guilt and sadness in his heart.
      I got up from the bed and gently wrapped both arms around his neck. In a soothing tone, I whispered, "Don't blame yourself. It's thanks to you that I have the will to keep living."
      Isaac wrapped his arms around my waist to hold me tighter. He'd been taking care of me and hadn't had time to clean himself. Even though the wounds on his body had already healed, there was still a faint smell of blood mixed with his distinctive cedar scent. I smelled his scent, which reassured me, and suddenly my body began to heat up.
      Isaac obviously felt it too, and he kissed me with one hand on the back of my head. His tongue fluttered so freely in my mouth that I could barely breathe. The deep kiss ended, but my body heated up even more. The places Isaac touched me through my clothes were like fire.
      Oh shit, I was officially in heat. Isaac felt it too, and he kissed my neck, asking if I could continue. The kiss that landed on my neck was like an electric current running through my entire body. A werewolf in heat couldn't even think with his brain, just followed his physical instincts to pursue pleasurable acts. I acquiesced to Isaac's actions, his kisses exploring all the way down my body, and all I could do was let out a moan of comfort as my mind went haywire. I could feel Isaac's strong hands kneading my body as I thrust my fingers into his messy hair, forcing him to look up. I looked into his lust-filled eyes as if I was being lit up.
      Isaac slowly entered my body, and I was finally united with my mate. Our souls also mingled with each other in this moment. A burst of white light emanated from my eyes in endless comfort and pleasure.
      After the passion was over, Isaac's hair was a mess from my scratches. He looked like a lazy lion. I laid on his warm chest, enjoying the safety my mate gave me.
      "Better now?" Isaac asked me in his husky voice.
      After last night's sex, my heat ended. Now I was still lying naked in his arms, it made me very shy. I pulled the sheet over me to cover my body. I tried to keep myself looking into Isaac's eyes instead of his smooth muscular line.
      "Much better, thank you for last night's ..." My tongue started to knot.
      Isaac smiled, "I should be thanking you."
      He propped his head and lost in thought for a moment. "Since your rut is over, I probably won't come later."
      Isaac's face suddenly turned cold, which confused me. The warmth of the moment was broken and he let go of me. I tried to read his thoughts, but he kept avoiding my gaze. Last night's passion could just be a sudden hankering.
      "Don't let yourself get hurt again." Isaac tidied himself up and left with only these words. I touched the empty bed with his lingering body heat on it. Did everything that happened last night happen just because it was my rut?

###chapter 17
  Claudia's POV
      Recently, I had a "guardian angel" at my side. The man who pushed me into the pool never went to class after that day. I heard he fell down the stairs at home and broke his leg. And the guy who put the plate on my head yesterday was hit on the head by something and got a dozen stitches at the hospital.
      It had always been like this for the last few days. The bullies had been getting their comeuppance in one way or another. And there was always something delicious in my basement that smelled good and didn't belong to slaves.
      Luck always came one after the other, and I made a new friend. I was even afraid to tell anyone, no one would believe me anyway. My new friend was Neil, Alpha's other son and Isaac's brother, and I remember the time he helped me scare off Fiona and then apply medicine to me. But I never thought that Neil could be my friend.
      What happened was that I was dragged to the bathroom by the girls as usual. They held my head under the faucet and ran cold water over my head. But this time, they thought that wasn't enough, so they blocked me in the toilet cubicle again and poured a whole tub of cold water over me. I was soaked to the skin and the girls left laughing.
      I was hiding in the toilet and I was shivering because of the cold. I wasn't going to get out of here now, they'd have to hang me out in the playground if they saw me. I would just have to wait until all the students went home from school and then left the place.
      After waiting for a long time, my hands and feet were freezing cold. My lips were bloodless. No one would see me in this sorry state now. I walked out of the toilet, only to run into Neil in the hallway, who was surprised to see me. He reacted quickly by taking off his jacket and putting it on me.
      I was afraid of getting his jacket dirty. But he didn't give me a chance to refuse, he just put his jacket on my body.
      "Every time I meet you, you look like shit." Neil was going to walk out of school with me.
      Ah, yeah. There really weren't many moments when I didn't suck. "Thank you." I whispered to Neil.
      "Yes, last time you would just say thank you to me too." Neil's tone was a little helpless.
      Well, what was I supposed to say? I was a slave and you were Alpha's child. I didn't think we had anything in common. Thinking about it made me think of Isaac again. He used to come and stay with me every night and we always had good conversations.
      "You can tell me if you have any difficulties in the future, I can help you." Neil spoke suddenly.
      "Thank you for your kindness, but this will make you get into trouble, won't it?" I knew Neil was a kind person, but I was in a special position and he might be insulted because of me.
      "Just think of me as your ...... friend. That's right, a friend." Neil smirked and looked at me.
      Instead, I was extremely surprised by his words. No Alpha child would make friends with a slave. "Are you kidding? Anyway, I'll wash the jacket and give it back to you." I waved off to Neil and took the other way back to the basement immediately.
      But Neil really thought of me as his friend. Sometimes he walked with me on the road, or came out to stop people when they bullied me. Some girls looked at me with jealous eyes, but they didn't dare to do anything because Neil was with me. There was even a bizarre rumor that "Neil and I are mate." But Neil didn't seem to take the rumors seriously, so I had nothing to say. Because my real mate didn't care if I was with someone else.
      Although I didn't understand the reason that Neil wanted to be my friend, maybe he thought me too pathetic? I thought to myself. But he was a very nice guy, he was a gentleman to everyone.
      Isaac's POV
      A dumbass walked into this alley, and I had been waiting for him for a long time. He had knocked his plate on Claudia's head in the morning in front of the whole crowd, and I controlled the urge to rip his ugly face apart. Then I waited for him here, in an unoccupied alley. Before he could react, I slammed my fist into his left cheek. He couldn't stay on his feet and fell backwards to his right side. His head hit the wall so hard that blood flowed all over his face.
      He looked at me in horror, trying to see my real face through my mask. He didn't know why he was beaten, so I lowered my voice and told him. "Stay away from Claudia from now on, and next time I won't let you go so easily."
      All he could do was cover his bleeding head and nod vigorously. There were always people like that made trouble for Claudia, and I stomped on the shank of one of the idiots who pushed Claudia into the pool yesterday.
      But then Claudia would still get hurt and I couldn't be with her at all times. I scolded myself for not being able to protect my mate. This was no way to go on, so I thought of someone.
      This was the first time I gave up my dignity and asked for help, even though the person was my brother. I asked him to take care of Claudia for me, and didn't let her get hurt. Neil showed a lot of interest in this.
      "Claudia?"
      "The traitor's daughter. You don't have to do much. Just stay with her, then no one will dare to hurt her."
      "Why do you need to protect her? And why do you have to ask me for help when you can do it by yourself?" Neil had so many questions.
      "Because you just seem like the kind of person who would pick up stray critters and take them home."
      "So why would someone like you, who has no compassion, want to protect this stray critter?" Neil asked me in a snarky tone. "Do you like her?"
      "Of course not!" I was afraid he would see my secret. "I have my own reasons. Are you going to help or not?"
      Neil waved his hand. "Just kidding, it must be serious for you to ask me for help. I'll keep an eye on her, leave it to me."
      I felt angry when I remembered Neil's bright smile that day when he promised to take care of Claudia. What the hell had he done? Now there was a rumor going around the pack that Claudia and Neil were mate.
      I had a strong feeling of discomfort, even though I knew it was just a rumor. But a sense of unease took over me. I wanted to confront Neil, but I searched for the whole pack and found no sign of him. Where did he go? I panicked more and more as a suspicion slowly appeared in my mind.
      Because of Neil's care these past few days, Claudia fell in love with him. And then they got together.
      No, I would never allow that to happen. So I ran down to Claudia's basement to find her.
      Claudia was taken aback by me bursting through the door. "What are you doing in here? You scare me."
      The words came out of my mouth without thinking, "Are you in love with Neil?"
      "What are you talking about?" Claudia looked rather puzzled. "Barging in out of nowhere and asking such strange questions."
      I grabbed her shoulders and made her look at me. "Answer me, are you in love with Neil?"
      Claudia looked into my eyes for a few seconds and then burst out laughing. "No, I am not in love with anyone."
      She smiled in a way that baffled me a little. But she smiled very nicely, her face slightly flushed and her green eyes sparkling with water. It looked like she had eaten the food that I sent to her secretly during the past few days. Her face was a healthy pink.
      It took me a moment to realize my gaffe and I removed my hand from her shoulder. "I heard a rumor about you guys, what was that about?"
      "Neil is just a new friend of mine. Some people can't stand that he is helping me, so they spread rumors like that."
      I mentally cursed the useless brother. Who told him to be friends with Claudia?
      "Oh, right. " Claudia looked like she remembered something as she held out a jacket to me. "It's Neil's. I think it's better to let you give it back. And I always can't remember."
      "Why do you have Neil's jacket?" The uneasy feeling in my mind returned.
      "I got drenched in water a few days ago. I was so cold that he lent me his jacket." Claudia's tone was so natural that it made me hold my breath even more.
      She hadn't even worn my clothes. A sour feeling rose inside me at the thought that she once smelled like Neil. My wolf urged me to do something to assert my sovereignty. So I hugged Claudia close and kissed her without hesitation.

###chapter 18
  Claudia's POV
      I didn't react at all when Isaac kissed me. So I kept my eyes open and stared blankly into his golden brown eyes under his deep brow bones, like melted gold. His burning breath intertwined with mine, and it reminded me of the wonderful days we'd spent all night with each other before.
      Eventually, he let go of me. I knew he was probably kissing me out of jealousy. That's what I could see in his eyes. I could taste the assertion of sovereignty in the kiss and it made him look sexy. Isaac looked a little embarrassed after the kiss ended. He grabbed Neil's jacket out of my hand and attempted to change the subject. "You can't dress his clothes again. And keep your distance from your 'friends'. I don't want to hear rumors about my brother all the time."
      I was about to say something back but Isaac took the clothes and left. His back looked a little flustered as he left, and I could see his ears were still red. Finally, I couldn't help but laugh out loud, and at the same time a warm feeling flooded through me. I didn't know the reason for his sudden coldness towards me, but I was glad that he still liked me.
      I looked at myself in the mirror and my miserable life seemed to be turning around. Not many people have been bullying me lately. Outwardly, I had Neil to help me. And behind the scenes, the word was getting out that if people bullied me, they would get their comeuppance. I no longer had bruises on me, and the maids no longer dared to push all the work on me. So I was going to spend the extra time washing my hair at the lake and avoiding everyone's attention.
      Just like always, I watched my hair spread out in the water and the breeze blowing through the fuzz on the back of my neck. Everything was so restful. But then Gordon suddenly appeared behind me and I was taken aback, not reacting at all. His huge body blocked my way and I tried to scream when he covered my mouth. Gordon laughed hideously and I lost all strength in the face of that fear. I felt nothing but despair as I was caught, for he was the branded criminal.
      I had heard a lot of rumors about Gordon, as he was a werewolf who was punished by Alpha and became an Omega. So many said he once was a very powerful warrior, but incredibly bloodthirsty, and the people he killed hardly had intact bodies. But in war, such a man was essential, so Alpha left him unchecked. Until he started to hurt his pack's people and hurt girls. So, after he was punished and became an Omega, no one dared to mess with him either. People of low status like us even avoided meeting him.
      If only Nicole had been here, if she was here, I would have been able to detect that someone had been following me. But Nicole only appeared once because I was so weak. I kept struggling, trying to break free of his grip. But that obviously made him be more excited.
      "I remember you." He pinched my face and made me look at him "Daughter of a traitor, you shouldn't have come out alone."
      I used all my strength to turn my face to the other way, never letting him see my eyes. But my strength was so weak that I felt like he was going to crush my jawbone. He lifted my face and I looked straight into his eyes. There was only intense desire in them, lust mixed with a brutal desire for destruction.
      "Help! Someone help me!" I yelled for help, but Gordon didn't care.
      "I should thank you for picking such an isolated place."
      Gordon jumped right on top of me when he saw my eyes. I struggled violently, waving my arms and legs. But that didn't bother him, and he started ripping my clothes. I tried to beat his eyes with my fists, but he clutched both of my arms together with one hand. The disparity in strength made the feeling of powerlessness wrap tightly around me.
      My voice had become hoarse from calling out loud. It's over. Was I even going to die in such a humiliating way? Who would save me? Anyone? I just didn't want to die in this way. I prayed in my heart, and then the moon goddess seemed to answer me. A familiar face appeared in front of me, and Isaac kicked Gordon off of me with a single blow. I was still in shock, Isaac's concerned face looked so surreal.
      "Are you hurt?" Isaac pulled his shirt off, covering my torn clothes.
      I couldn't finish a full sentence yet and could only shake my head at him.
      Gordon was interrupted and he looked like he was crazy. Or maybe he was already crazy, and now it was worse. He shifted straight away. White mist dispersed from his mouth as he growled, saliva falling from his fangs. I felt the warmth come from Isaac's arms. He was angry. His eyes had turned into the pupils of a wolf, and even without the mate link I could feel the veins in his arm rise. He's trying to think of what strength he can use to rip through his enemies.
      I grabbed Isaac's wrist tightly. Gordon was the outlaw, he was the kind of enemy that was most dangerous. I couldn't help but worry about my mate. Isaac sensed my worry and he shook my hand soothingly. Isaac had also shifted into a wolf. His aura was totally different now, which made all the creatures around him shiver.
      Gordon rushed towards us, and Isaac shielded me behind him. Because they were moving so fast, all I could hear was the low hiss in their throats. There was a heavy smell of blood coming from them, and then Gordon fell to the ground. I could see wounds of all sizes on Gordon's body, all from Isaac's claws. Isaac was still angry and he raised his claws to Gordon, who was lying on the ground, intending to deliver the final blow. I rushed up and pulled Isaac back.
      "Can't kill him." My voice was still hoarse.
      "But he did that to you" Isaac looked at me in surprise. "He's going to kill you, you know?"
      "I know, but Alpha will be angry if you kill him."
      "I don't care if he's angry, you almost died."
      I was touched that Isaac cared about me so much. "But, you're breaking the rules of the pack if you kill him. A future Alpha wouldn't do that." Isaac's paws retracted and I continued. "I'm safe now. Thanks for saving me."
      "You have no idea how scared I was that you would get hurt." Isaac turned back into his human form and hugged me.
      "I know." I hugged him back and slowly stroked his back.
      Isaac took a deep breath as if he had made up his mind. He looked me in the eyes and he said to me in a sincere voice. "I apologize for what I said before that hurt you. It wasn't my intention."
      He looked at me firmly and seriously. "Claudia, my mate, I will always take care of you." I looked into his golden brown eyes, filled with deep emotion.
      Isaac was a light in my miserable life. Maybe from the first time he helped me, I fell in love with him. Or maybe even earlier, when I was humbled in the kitchen doing the grunt work and he was surrounded like a prince as he walked by. Even though I'd known how he felt about me for a long time, hearing him say it in person still made my heart skip a beat.
      "I'll always be with you, my mate."
      Afterwards, Gordon was banished from the pack by Isaac. He wouldn't live for more than a few days because he was badly injured, but that was the largest mercy that Isaac could show him. Everyone in the pack looked relieved on the day of the trial. But I noticed the eyes that Fiona looked at me in the crowd, full of resentment and malice.

###chapter 19
  Fiona's POV
      Tonight was a family gathering. It had been a while since that time, Isaac got angry and kicked me out of the room. I had been pretty quiet since that time, and hopefully he was not angry anymore, and my father had organized this family gathering specifically because he wanted me to be the future Luna.
      Isaac looked as handsome as ever and I approached him pretending to cry. "It's my fault for loving you so much that I acted that stupid way. Can you forgive me?"
      Isaac took the impatience off his face, probably out of pity or for the parents' sake, "Whatever, just don't mess with me in the future."
      "Thanks!" I intimately held his arm. He tried to push me away but he saw Luna's disgruntled gaze, so he could only let me wrap my arms around him.
      My father brought up my engagement to Isaac at the dinner table. Alpha didn't care much, Luna and my father talked about it very well.
      Isaac and I were herded out into the garden. He was walking ahead of me. I took his hand, but he shook it off.
      "You're really still mad at me." I pouted at him.
      "Can't you understand what I say?" He suddenly stopped, turned to me and said "Don't mess with me."
      "But we'll be ...... later." Isaac interrupted me before the word marriage could be uttered.
      "There's nothing between us. You're not my mate!"
      I watched his back as he left and clenched my fists. Whether he acknowledged me or not, I would, definitely, become our pack's Luna, and I would do anything to achieve that.
      Isaac's POV
      I should have sensed something was wrong, but I was in a state of joy and sweetness. Claudia and I were kissing in the corner. I had put up with it long enough, and she always peeked at me with a shy face today. It was so cute, and then I thought it was a good idea to pull her into this corner. But it turned out that people would be less smart when they were in love.
      "Why?! Why this basebred slut!" Fiona's shout interrupted us. Her face turned red from anger and it was all I could do to stand in front of Claudia so she wouldn't get hurt.
      "If you say that again, I'll cut out your tongue." I warned Fiona, but Claudia tugged gently at my coat behind me.
      She whispered behind me "You can't help me like that. If our relationship is exposed, I'll be thrown out of the pack."
      Claudia's words sobered me up, and it was all I could do to curb my protectiveness of my mate and turn to Fiona. "You stalked me?" Fiona was no longer arrogant.
      "How come? I just happened to pass by." She had the perfect fake smile on her face. "Don't tell me that you guys are accidentally running your mouths into each other."
      "It's none of your business?" I wanted to punch the fake smile off her face. "Get out of my sight."
      I wasn't in the mood to continue after being interrupted and I sent Claudia back to the basement. I didn't know when this hiding would end, I wanted so badly to hug my mate without caring about other people's thinking.
      Neil found me with a rare look of panic. "What did you do? Mother told you to meet her. She looked angry." I could probably guess what it was. Shit, I knew Fiona would rat on me. But I didn't expect her to be that quick.
      My mother's face was even more grave than usual. She asked me. "You seem to be getting close to that traitor's daughter lately."
      Thankfully, Mother wasn't willing to guess that an Omega without a wolf would be my mate. Otherwise, Claudia would be killed by her. I hid my nervousness and acted naturally. "No, I am just playing around."
      That was the expected response that my mother wanted. "Boys of your age, I can understand. But don't get involved with the daughter of a traitor." She stepped closer to me and looked me straight in the eyes. There was a note of warning in what she said. "You will be the Alpha in the future, watch your reputation. Don't let a slave ruin your future."
      "I know, Mother." I bowed to her. Only then did she nod and let me go.
      Once again, I struggled with the consideration of the pack and my mate; I had given so much to be the future Alpha. But I remembered Claudia. I couldn't lose her. I had promised her I would protect her for the rest of my life. Because of this, these days I wasn't in good spirits. My mate felt my anxiety in the same way. She took me to the basement and said she wanted to hand me something important.
      I was surprised and amused that Claudia pulled a few things out from under the floor tiles. How did she come up with this?
      Claudia solemnly handed me a ring. It was her mother's legacy, she said, and it was the most precious thing she had ever owned. I immediately felt the weight of this gift. "I want you to listen to what I have to say next carefully." Claudia looked at me. In front of me, she was no longer covering her eyes with her hair. "My parents are not traitors."
      I knew she never admitted her parents were traitors, even if she had to take a lot of beatings for it. We were all young when her parents were executed. But Alpha said they were traitors, and that's all we could think.
      I looked at Claudia without contradicting her and let her continue.
      "I know you all don't believe it, but my parents aren't like that." The more Claudia spoke, the more emotional she became, her emerald-like eyes flooding with tears. "The night before the execution, my father told me that they had never done anything against the pack." "He knew his fate from a long time ago, but he didn't run from the pack." I tried to wipe away her tears, but she stopped me. "One day, I will clear their name."
      This was the first I'd heard of this, but I trusted my mate more than my father. The honesty and toughness in her had always been there and had always been the way I loved.
      "I believe you." I kissed away her tears "I'll always be with you."
      Claudia's POV
      Thanks to Isaac, my life in the pack was much better, except for this immediate trouble. Fiona came up to me. She had just caught me kissing Isaac the other day and she looked like she was going to rip me to pieces. So I decided to turn and run, only to run head-on into a tall and warm wall.
      "Look out!" Neil held me up the moment I ran into him.
      "Thank you, but I need to go now." I was afraid Fiona would catch up with me.
      "Is it because of Fiona?" Neil looked behind me. "It's okay, she can't do anything to you because I'm here."
      Neil made me hide behind him. Fiona could only stare at me dryly and she looked even angrier. I tried to shrink myself a little smaller behind Neil.
      "I've noticed that everyone around me loves to be around you these days." Neil asked me after the alarm was lifted.
      "Yeah?" I asked him nervously. God, this was awful. What could I do? Trouble always came to me on its own.
      "I always got the feeling you had a big secret." Neil said, suddenly coming close to my face, and all I could do was duck my head.
      "I'm just a slave, they got used to bullying me and now they're just screwing with me in a different way." Hopefully my off-the-cuff excuse would fool him.
      Neil didn't seem inclined to pursue it any further. "Come on, let me take you to somewhere nice." He took my hand and led me to a courtyard.
      The courtyard was enclosed by a copper fence and there was a beautiful garden and a small fountain. I looked at the roses of different colors in the shrubs. "This can't be your backyard, can it?"
      "Of course not!" He looked offended. "How can my backyard be so small?"
      He patiently explained to me that this was his uncle's little garden, but it was deserted now. He used to come here alone when he was being bullied. "You will like it. I always saw you sitting alone on the bench reading a book before."
      I was surprised that he had paid attention to me.
      Neil smiled thoughtfully. "There are few quiet girls like you in our pack."
      I was grateful to him that I could finally read a book without being disturbed. And I did need a quiet place like this to escape the trouble that always came my way.
      I was leaving the garden with Neil. He stopped and said hello to a middle-aged man. "Beta Gordon."
      Beta Gordon? That's Fiona's father, and the man who succeeded my father as Beta. I'd barely seen him. I quietly looked at him under the cover of my long hair.
      He happened to be looking at me too. "Neil, who is this child?" Fiona hadn't inherited any of her father's affability. Maybe because of my thinness, Gordon thought of me as a child.
      "She's Claudia."
      "Claudia?" the name seemed to be familiar to Gordon and he thought for a moment "Ah, you're the one who..." He suddenly choked and didn't finish his sentence.
      I felt strange and looked into Gordon's eyes. 'We did something bad to the kid. I feel very sorry for her. She's so pathetic.'
      Sorry for me? Why did Fiona's father think this way? I had never met him, and even if he knew about Fiona's bullying of me, it wouldn't be enough to make him feel so strongly guilty. Shocked, a million questions flooded my mind. Who were "We"? I tried to continue reading Gordon's thoughts, but he found an excuse and left in a hurry.
      I calmed down from the shock, all his reactions told me that he had something to do with my dead parents.
      "What's wrong?" Neil called me back to reality.
      "Nothing, I didn't think Fiona's father was that kind of character."
      "True, probably because he spoils Fiona too much." I wasn't even listening to what Neil was saying, all I could think about was the incident of my parents being wrongfully accused. But it wasn't something I could find out alone, and I wanted to tell Isaac about it right away.

###chapter 20
  Isaac's POV
      I looked at the ring lying in my hand that Claudia had given me, a relic that had originally belonged to her mother. I told her to keep something so valuable for herself. But she told me that it represented her trust in me. This little ring burned my palm. My mate had given it to me and she trusted me. And I wanted to take responsibility.
      I had been staying at the training ground for the past few days and throwing myself into training was able to clear my mind. When I broke the eighth dummy, the resolve was made. I was going to explain my relationship with Claudia to my father and mother.
      The future Alpha of the pack would definitely be me. I couldn't think of any other possibility. I must have Claudia as my mate if I was determined enough. My parents couldn't stop it. Even if they chose Neil to be the future Alpha, the people of the pack wouldn't agree. If that happened, our entire pack would be in jeopardy. I gripped the ring in my hand, intending to confess to my parents.
      My father and mother's bedroom was still lit and the door was just ajar. I was about to knock when I heard the sound of my father and mother arguing.
      Not wanting to pry into their privacy, I was about to leave when I heard my father's vicious words, "Victoria, Is that how you speak to that bastard's father, too?"
      The moment I heard those words, the blood in my entire body froze. The world spun up in front of me as countless fragments of the past cycled through my head. I didn't want to deduce anything from such fragments of words, unless my mother had a child I didn't know. Bastard, I didn't dare continue thinking about it, all these thoughts made my stomach churn.
      "You make me sick." I hadn't heard my mother lose her temper like that before.
      "Isn't that what you want? Slut! You were the one who wanted that bastard to be the future Alpha. That's why you came to me to make the deal, isn't it?"
      My mother was silent, which made my father humiliate her even more exaggeratedly.
      "Every time I see Isaac, it's like a slap in my face." My body shuddered hard when I heard my name. "And yet, I always feel the pleasure of the winner."
      Then I heard the sound of fabric being torn.
      I ran out of the house in a panic, breathing in this fresh air. All sorts of thoughts popped into my head randomly, which almost made me throw up. My father wasn't Alpha, which confused my perception of who I was. Who was I, then? A regular werewolf?
      No wonder I remembered how my "father" had treated me since I was a child. He never smiled at me. Everyone thought that Alpha was too hard on me because he expected too much from me. It turned out I had nothing to do with him. But he should have been able to find pleasure in abusing me, the pervert. Only Neil, he would smile at Neil because Neil was the child Alpha and Luna had.
      And my mother, hell knew what kind of deal she made to make me, a bastard, to be the future Alpha. I had absolutely no way to find out the dirty answer behind that question.
      Everything was different, and the change in my identity would involve everything. Including Claudia, my mate. The one I'd sworn to protect. Her ring was still with me, and I covered my face. The ring brought a slight chill that belonged to the metal, bringing me back to reality.
      Never confess my mate to them. I knew very well what kind of person my mother was. If she found out Claudia was my mate she would try to kill Claudia in any possible way.
      Fiona found me as I was getting irritable and my thoughts were racing, and her presence made me even grumpier. I left directly, but she looked very confident.
      "You can go. But then I'll tell everyone the secret of that slave."
      What secret? Did she know that Claudia was my mate? No, no, no. She and I were the only ones who knew about this. Even Luna didn't notice that Claudia was my mate. So what exactly did Fiona know?
      I tried to say in a calm voice, "What's the secret? How come I don't know?"
      "I'm surprised you didn't know that?" The surprise on Fiona's face was replaced by a superior smile. "It seems you've been confused by those creepy green eyes. I've checked and those eyes mean she's a witch."
      "So what? If I remember correctly, her mother was a witch too."
      "I knew you were going to say that." It seemed she was prepared before she came to see me. "And have you ever seen her mother with eyes like that?"
      I couldn't answer it. Claudia's mother was indeed a witch. But not with eyes as special and beautiful as Claudia's. Although Claudia's parents had died years ago, if she had eyes that special, I would remember them.
      "No, so what?"
      "That's the problem." God, I hated that look of hers where she was so sure of success. "She's a witch with special powers, and if the werewolves find out, Alpha will kill her."
      "You think I will believe you just because of some nonsense?" To be honest, there were logical flaws in Fiona's words. She was so confident, so she must have ample evidence. All I could do was latch on to some more information that she knew.
      "You may not believe it. But, if you don't want me to tell others the secret, meet me in my room tonight." Fiona excitedly said goodbye to me.
      I was receiving too much information today and my brain was in a tizzy. Caesar wanted to jump out and vent because his emotions were so unstable. I could feel my canines getting sharp.
      I tried to find Claudia right away to ask her about what happened, but I could not find her anywhere. So I had to ask the old man in our pack about the witch.
      The old man's reply plunged me into the abyss. According to legend, there were indeed witches with strange eyes. But they were all put to death because their special powers changed many things. Claudia surprisingly never told me about this, no wonder she grew up living with her eyes covered.
      But I thought about it. If she was so powerful, why was she still being bullied all the time by the werewolves? Or was it because she didn't know her powers? My mind was full of questions, but I touched the ring on my finger. I still trusted my mate, and now the priority was to keep her secret. I walked towards Fiona's house to see what tricks she could play.
      "What the hell do you want?"
      Fiona lounged lazily on her bed, simply wearing a silk nightgown. "There's only one thing I want, you know that clearly."
      "Don't even think about it. People like you don't deserve to be Luna."
      Fiona got up from the bed and approached me, her hand touching my shoulder. "It's not up to you, honey."
      My vision started to get blurry and my arms and legs started to get weak. The place touched by Fiona had a tingling sensation like an electric shock. "! You drugged me?" There was a rush of heat to my lower body.
      In a trance, I heard Fiona say, "Yes, and I've prepared other surprises for you."

###chapter 21
  Claudia's POV
      I was in a hurry to talk to Isaac about my parents when I ran into Fiona's best friend Ellie on the road. I was going to avoid her but she was ready to let her friend stop and surround me and block my way.
      "Don't run, I'm not in the mood to beat you up today." Ellie looked at her pink nails and gave me a dismissive look. "I came to tell you that Isaac had been attacked. Right now he's resting in Fiona's room, so you'd better go and check."
      This doesn't make sense. Why would Isaac be resting in Fiona's room after being attacked? And how could Fiona possibly let me visit Isaac? But if I didn't go with her, she would probably force me to go.
      Ellie saw that I did not have any intention of going. She was a little anxious. "Isaac was seriously injured. It was Fiona who saved him and took him to her room. But Isaac only clamored to see you." Ellie said in a sincere tone. I began to hesitate in my heart. What if Isaac really needed me now? And, even if this was another one of Fiona's pranks, what could I do? I'd gotten used to it.
      I followed Ellie to Fiona's room. She let me enter the room alone, saying it was because Isaac only wanted to see me. I eagerly ran upstairs with the idea of comforting Isaac. But when I opened the door, the scene in front of me almost took my breath away.
      I saw Fiona with only a piece of fabric on her body, excitedly straddling Isaac. Seeing my arrival, Isaac hugged Fiona smoothly. My brain emitted a high-frequency chirp, but I could not make a sound. I watched as Fiona kissed my mate, and he didn't reject her.
      Why? Why Fiona? Isaac didn't even have the slightest intention of hiding it. He just continued his movements as if he didn't see me. Why did he do this in front of me? Was I so unimportant in his heart? Desperation slowly chilled my heart.
      I wanted to escape from this nightmare immediately, but my feet were no longer under my control. I also wanted to turn my eyes away, but my neck was as stiff as a piece of wood. I could only watch Isaac hold Fiona and then f*cked her.
      "What? You're not leaving yet, do you want to join us?" Isaac looked at me, and he smiled like a demon. "If you're jealous, I can come find you tonight."
      I was going to freak out, I wanted to scream. But I just bit my lip until I tasted blood. I struggled to get myself to find my breathing rhythm. It turned out I was just a dispensable bedmate to Isaac, and the thought of that stopped the tears from flowing out of my eyes. I shifted my heavy feet, the massive shock making me black out and barely able to stand. I stumbled and fled the house.
      On the run back to the basement, I bumped into quite a few people. They were screaming and cursing something I couldn't hear at all. I tried to forget the scene I had just seen, but it was as clear as if it was etched into my brain. Memories of Isaac hugging me overlapped with the image of him and Fiona. I vomited with nothing, it was so disgusting. My stomach started to throb with pain, but it was like my soul was being drained and I was numb.
      Isaac's POV
      I tried to push Fiona away when I realized she had drugged me, but the next second, I saw the "surprise" she had prepared for me.
      Claudia pushed the door as Fiona was trying to straddle me. At that point, it was like I was being pushed over a cliff by the hand of fate. So I made the decision, to protect Claudia from my mother, to keep her secret. I wrapped my arms around Fiona.
      Claudia covered her mouth with her hands, looking in disbelief. I no longer dared to look at her, but at Fiona who was on top of me, and she cried out in excitement at having her wish fulfilled, "Oh Isaac, f*ck me." She wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me.
      I fought back the discomfort I felt in my heart, all to protect Claudia. I thrust into Fiona and she let out a sweet moan in my ear. It was all I could do, it didn't matter if Claudia hated me and treated me like the biggest asshole in the world. I just needed her to be safe.
      To completely shatter Claudia's hopes for us, I continued my movements beneath me. "What? You're not leaving yet, do you want to join us?" I kept saying to myself 'What you do is right. Then, Luna won't kill Claudia. Claudia can stay with me forever, where I can see her.'
      Claudia's eyes were overflowing with tears and I could feel my mate's heartache. Her hand holding on to the door frame had turned her knuckles white from too much force. She bit her lips and there was blood spilling from her lips. I took in her grief and it stung me hard. But I had made my decision and there was no way to turn back. Leaving the doorway, Claudia took a few unsteady steps back and then ran off without looking back.
      I pushed Fiona away from me after Claudia left and everything that had happened lately made me sick. Especially having hurt my mate so much. The rage made me want to shift and tear apart everything in sight.
      "What's wrong with you? Let's go on." Fiona rubbed her naked body against mine.
      "You think drugging me is going to work?" She enraged me so much that I grabbed her neck and pinned her against the wall. "I hate that people threaten me. If you tell anyone about Claudia's secret, I will kill you."
      Fiona could only nod vigorously and beg me to release her, and she slid woefully to the floor when I let go. I wasn't someone she could threaten, and hopefully this time she'd known it very well.
      I didn't need a link from my mate to feel Claudia's pain, because I felt the same feeling. Her sad expression floated before my eyes, tormenting my heart. I slammed into the wall to vent, punch after punch. Until the joints of my fingers were bloody and fleshy. But that didn't even ease the pain inside me. I laughed at myself in my mind. Family and mate, now I had nothing. All I could do was lean against the wall and spit on my own incompetence.
      Claudia's POV
      Every sweet moment that Isaac and I spent together now made me feel heartbroken. I had trusted him so much, I had read his heart, and he had sworn in his heart to protect me for the rest of my life. Was this the gift of the witch? I thought of the badly wounded witch. It was all a lie, right? Or maybe it was because my powers were so weak that I couldn't read what people were really thinking.
      I took the picture book out under the floor tiles, only to remember that I had given the ring to Isaac a long time ago. I put my head under the covers and let out a cry. I hadn't cried like that since my parents died. No matter how much people bullied me, how much they humiliated me, I could stand it. Because they were inconsequential people. But the feeling of being betrayed by a loved one brought back the memories of the day when I was six years old. That feeling of being abandoned by the whole world enveloped me once again. I felt sadder and sadder, and the constant sobbing kept me from breathing.
      I woke up to the noise outside and realized that I had just passed out from crying. Someone was trying to open the basement door, and a sudden fire of hope flared in my heart. Was it Isaac? Had he come to explain to me the farce I'd just been through? Or had he come to comfort me?
      But the man who forced the door wasn't Isaac. I thought I'd seen him somewhere before. Without saying a word, the man took my arm and headed out.
      "What are you doing?!" I tried to break free of his hand.
      "Luna wants you to meet her." At the sound of "Luna", my heart hung in the air. I recognized the man. He was Luna's personal bodyguard. It didn't make sense for Luna to ask a slave to meet her. Unless ...... She found out about my relationship with Isaac.
      I tensed up and struggled harder and harder. "Let go of me, I don't want to go!"
      But the man was Luna's personal bodyguard, and he dragged me away with a force I could never resist.
      I was pushed down and sat on my knees in front of Luna. Her expression was frozen cold. Isaac was standing right next to Luna. His expression was beyond surprised to see me. He must have just been called by Luna as well.
      "What exactly is your relationship with Isaac?" The ice-like queen spoke up, her eyes were sharp like swords.
      "Mother, we are not ......" Isaac tried to explain it to Luna.
      "Quiet! I didn't ask you." Luna's tone was a stern one that couldn't be denied.
      I took a deep breath and said to Luna firmly, "I have nothing to do with him." And it was exactly what I was thinking in my mind right now.
      "Don't cajole me, I know exactly what you've done." Luna glanced at Isaac and then at me "If you guys would just stop, I certainly wouldn't ask more questions. But..." She looked at Isaac and said, "You are too nice to a slave."
      I kept my head down and my mouth shut, not realizing that Luna had sent someone to watch us for so long.
      Then, Luna said to Isaac, "You lied to me about not finding your mate. Now what? Are you still going to hide it from me?"
      Isaac gritted his teeth like he was making a decision. "Yes, we are mate." Then he smiled indifferently. "But that's all. For me, she's no different than any other woman I've ever slept with."
      The small flame of hope in my heart was completely extinguished. I laughed bitterly in my mind.
      That answer pleased Luna, and her expression softened a lot. "Good, since it makes no difference. Then let's dissolve it." Luna said that in a very relaxed tone, but my numb heart ached again.
      Isaac was silent. Removing the imprint of his soul, finally he could feel the damn feeling too, I guessed.
      To force Isaac, Luna continued, "If you don't want to give up, how about I just kill her." Looking at Isaac's shocked face, Luna smiled in recognition. "I mean what I say."
      The hurt I received had made my heart numb and I didn't care about our relationship at all now. This relationship was a drag for Isaac anyway. "I will dissolve it." I looked calmly at Luna.
      "Wise choice. There's nothing more important than survival, smart slave." Luna looked at me like she was urging me to hurry up.
      I opened my mouth slowly. "In the name of the moon goddess, I Claudia, reject you as my mate."
      Immediately, Luna looked at Isaac, who didn't look much pained. This was what I expected, I was so blinded by him before. His tone was also very calm, "In the name of the moon goddess, I, Isaac... accept... your rejection."
      The moment it was dissolved, it was like a part of my soul was stripped out. The pain in my heart was like being cut by a knife, making my whole body shake uncontrollably. But I still tried to straighten my body, I didn't want Isaac to see me suffering for him.
      Luna insisted on letting her bodyguard take me back to the basement, and I was still too grief-stricken because of the loss of my mate to realize what she intended to do.
      When we arrived at the basement, her bodyguard closed the door. I looked at him suspiciously as he delivered the order without emotion. "Luna asked you to leave the pack immediately. Don't ever come back."
      "I've dissolved it as she said, and she has to force me like this?"
      "It was Luna's mercy. Otherwise, you would have been killed by me right now." Luna's bodyguard was expressionless, just like her.
      Yeah, that was a lot of "mercy" for a slave. I was going to leave the pack anyway, so it was okay to do it sooner rather than later. Now there was nothing left for me to hold on to. The bodyguard warned me to leave before dawn, and I assured him I wouldn't stay here one more second.
      I sorted out my things, and I actually didn't have anything here at all. The map and the illustrated book under the floor tiles were already my most valuable items.
      I wanted to spend my last night in the pack peacefully, but a sharp female voice came and completely shattered my expectations.
      "Look who it is! Ah, so it's the daughter of the traitor!"

###chapter 22
  Claudia's POV
      Fiona broke into my basement with a few people, the small space becoming more crowded. They locked the door and surrounded me. Fiona must have heard from Luna about my eviction and she would take out all her pent-up anger on me before I left.
      I scowled and tried to look as miserable as possible. Hopefully, that would make them go easy on me. Fiona checked the basement with a disgusted look on her face. "This place is a pigsty, you're a pig." Her companion laughed as she insulted me.
      Fiona spotted the bundle I'd packed up. "What's this?" She took my illustrated book and map. Only that one I didn't want her to destroy. I panicked and tried to snatch it from her hands. But her friend stopped me.
      "You really like this, don't you?" She waved the paper in front of me, and I regretted my impulse "Look, Miss. Pig likes to read fairy tales."
      The crowd surrounding me laughed as my eyes followed the movement of Fiona's hands. Then she began to tear my picture book slowly.
      "No, please, no." I begged Fiona, but she tore happier. They pulled at me, making me watch as my beloved picture book was torn to pieces. I dropped to my knees, trying to gather the torn pieces of paper together. But Fiona's four-foot heels stepped on my hands in a swift motion.
      "Bitch, no one will help you now. Do you still want to be arrogant?" She then kicked me in the stomach. "How dare you to seduce Isaac? Do you know who you are now?"
      The pain made me crumple to the ground, and Fiona said to her friends, "Let her stand." Then someone pulled me up by my hair and lifted me off the ground.
      Fiona was close to my face. "I hear you're still getting on well with Neil, Jesse!" she called out to the girl called Jesse. "She's yours now."
      "Bitch!" Jesse slapped me hard. "How many men are you going to seduce? Neil just took pity on you and you dare to take advantage of his sympathy!" Jesse wasn't a lady like Fiona who was used to a privileged life, she was much stronger. The slap made my ears start to chirp and I could feel the warm, sticky liquid coming out of my nose.
      Jesse was too tired to gasp out loud before she slapped me a few more times. Flashes of different colors appeared before my eyes.
      "Oh, poor Jesse, she's loved Neil for years and it's all your fault. You're a bitch." She said, giving me another slap. "Now it's our turn." I was slammed against the wall by Alex, the impact on my back made me feel like my heart was going to jump out of my mouth. Now I knew why she had brought boys.
      "Does it feel good to kiss Isaac?" Fiona's tone had oozed venom. "Punch her mouth!"
      A hard punch fell into my closed mouth instantly and my mouth was filled with salty blood. My teeth were loosened, but for Fiona, her revenge had just begun.
      "What makes you think you can be with Isaac, with those witch eyes of yours?" She used the pencil I had placed on the table and suddenly poked it towards my eye. I subconsciously ducked my head to avoid the pencil, but a stinging pain came from my face that should have just scratched my face.
      Fiona, who had failed to make me blind, pushed me against the table, "Let's see who will save you this time." She took my head and knocked it against the corner of the table. I almost passed out.
      "Don't pass out, we're not done yet." She threw me to the ground and all I could feel was a million fists and kicks hitting my body. The pain had slowly blurred. Was I going to die before I could leave the pack? Darkness gradually wrapped around me.
      When I woke up, it was daylight and my whole body hurt as if I had been run over by a large truck. There was a completely unfamiliar sight in front of me. I was leaning against a large rock with a large grassy area around me. It didn't look like any place in the pack. Had I crawled out on my own?
      "You're awake? I was scared to death. I thought you were really dead." An unexpected person appeared in front of me.
      Neil's POV
      The sky was beautiful tonight and I set up my drawing board by the lake with the intention of painting the pretty starry sky. By the wee hours, I was almost done with my painting when my wolf heard a tiny rattle in the grass, not a small creature. And it was late at night. No one should be here but me.
      That would be a rogue who intended to attack! I prepared myself for a fight and slowly pushed the grass aside. Only to see a girl covered in blood.
      Claudia!! How did Claudia get here?! With the moonlight, I finally got a clear look at her face. Besides the blood, there were many bruises on her body. It could be that someone beat her to death and dumped her here.
      I checked her to see if she was still alive. Instead, she suddenly opened her eyes and startled me. They were the pupils of a wolf. I was shocked, she had a wolf? The bullies had been using that to make fun of her. Why should she hide her wolf?
      Claudia looked at me without moving. "Claudia?" I tried calling her name.
      Finally, she was willing to talk. "I'm not Claudia. I'm her wolf Nicole. She's hurt too badly and I can't heal her completely. Can you help her?"
      "Sure." I swallowed back many of my doubts. Without the wolf, Claudia looked like she would really die.
      I found the medicine kit and helped Claudia with the superficial wounds. Nicole healed most of the mortal wounds. I couldn't help but ask while stitching Claudia up. "How did she hurt so badly and I never knew she had a wolf?"
      I could always see the sharp teeth Nicole showed when she spoke. "Your mother banished her from the pack, and Fiona came over to get back at Claudia while she was planning to leave. Also, I can only appear when she's in danger."
      "My mother banished her from the pack? Why?!" How had she pissed off my mother? I started to be surprised at her courage.
      "You can just go and ask your mother! I'm leaving, Claudia's not strong enough to support me all the way here." Nicole's character was cold, and it felt amazing to watch her say such things with Claudia's face.
      When she finished, Claudia fell back into a coma. By the time she woke up again, I could be sure that the soft girl in front of me was Claudia.
      "Why did my mother banish you from the pack?" When she came to her senses, I couldn't help but ask the question in my mind.
      "... I don't want to talk about it. But thank you for saving me." Claudia looked very discouraged and disappointed.
      "It was your wolf saved you." I brought up Nicole, and she didn't react at all. So I had to change the subject.
      "It's still too dangerous for you to stay outside." Looking at this skinny girl, she could be taken by hooligans in a heartbeat.
      "I don't belong to the Crimson Shadow pack anymore. You should go back."
      My heart moved slightly at her stubborn look. I left the medicine kit with Claudia and prayed for her. I hoped that the moon goddess would take care of her and let the traitor girl live a better life.
      Isaac's POV
      I haven't been able to see Claudia for the past few days, and Caesar couldn't smell where she was since we dissolved our mate relationship. At first, I just assumed that she had been hiding in the basement because she was sad, or just didn't want to see me. But I went to the basement and there was nothing there anymore, like it had been purposely cleared out.
      Claudia was missing. I searched every corner of the pack but couldn't find her. Then I thought of my mother immediately. I went to ask her with anger and she was as calm as ever.
      "Don't tell me you killed her!" I yelled at my mother, probably for the first time.
      "I didn't kill her, I promised you that."
      "So where is she?" Knowing that my mother didn't kill her, I was slightly relieved.
      "I don't know. I have no reason to ask someone who leaves the pack where she wants to go." My mother took a sip of her tea from her delicate ceramic teacup.
      "Leave the pack!?" I was going to lose her. Besides, she would die in the wild, so what was the difference between that and killing her?
      "Yes, it's her own volition." My mother could see my loss. "There are so many good women in the pack, you can find a new mate, another chance."
      I looked at my mother and didn't say anything. I was so disappointed in her now, she never cared about my feelings, or anyone else's. She only loved herself.
      I kept looking around the pack, from day to night. The hooligans prowling around the pack were all beaten by me, and they all said they hadn't seen Claudia.
      I regret beyond measure now. I shouldn't put on a show like that in front of Claudia. I thought it would protect her. As long as she was still with me, nothing mattered. But she had gone now, and I may never find her again. Remorse clawed at my heart, and I lost my mate forever.

###chapter 23
  Isaac's POV
      After Claudia disappeared, the course of my life changed dramatically. I no longer played with boys or went to bars to "hang out". They didn't mean anything to me anymore. The atmosphere at home became heavier and heavier. Alpha and mother would have an argument with each other every few days. I felt like they were about to shift to wolves and scratch each other's faces off.
      I didn't know why they fought, it was probably that shit from the past again. So I didn't like staying home either, and I spent a lot of my free time on the outskirts of the pack. I prayed every moment that I would meet Claudia again, but I couldn't find a trace of her.
      Once again, when I returned home, the floor was covered with pieces from my mother's porcelain collection. And Alpha's smashed wine bottle. They just had a fight. The smell of alcohol was spreading through the air. It did nothing to hide their lingering anger. I looked at the messy room and was about to leave when Alpha snarled and called me to stop.
      "Stop! Where have you been?" Apparently the blood speckled on me stung his eyes.
      "The outskirts of the pack. Cleaned up a few hooligans." I didn't even want to look him in the eye.
      "Your coach tells me you haven't been to the training ground in a long time."
      "No one can beat me on the training ground. I can get more of a workout out there instead."
      "Do you think you're so capable?" I could smell that Alpha was enraged by me; I hadn't spoken to him like that before. "You and your mother are both bitches!" With that he had reached out his claws and wanted to attack my chest.
      ! In shock, my body made a subconscious move to fight back. I held Alpha's wrist and slammed him to the ground on his back, then put a claw against his carotid artery.
      "Are you going to kill me!?" He growled, his throat vibrating beneath my claws.
      I immediately put my claws away. "I'm sorry, Father. I was subconscious...."
      Before I finished my words, Alpha gave me a slap. He didn't retract his claw, so the left side of my vision slowly turned bright red. "You can't wait to be the Alpha, can you?"
      "No, Father, I just..."
      He didn't even try to listen to my explanation. "Then, don't even think about it for the rest of your life, the next Alpha will be Neil."
      I looked at him with wide eyes, though one of them might be blind. Watching my reaction, Alpha gave a satisfied smile. "I should have done this a long time ago."
      I was still digesting the devastating news when Alpha had thrown me out. Now I could only think of my mother, who had mentioned something about my identity. Caesar smelled my mother's location, and she was indeed at home, but I hadn't even seen her earlier.
      Eventually, I found my mother in a locked room. Hell, she still had Alpha's guards at the door. I felt even more uneasy inside. It wasn't until late at night that I snuck into my mother's room through the window. Mother wasn't surprised to see me coming. There were still red palm marks on her beautiful face. I clenched my fists and approached my mother.
      "Are you okay? What the hell is going on here?" I asked my mother in a soft tone.
      "He put me under house arrest. But don't worry, he only dares to do this."
      I hesitated, not knowing what would happen to my mother now. I told her I was no longer the heir, but I needed the truth so badly. I could only tell her everything that had just happened.
      "What?!" My mother's voice was so angry that I'd never heard it before. "This liar, he promised me to let you be the future Alpha."
      "Why did he say yes to you?" I finally said. "I know I'm not Alpha's biological child. What kind of deal did you make?"
      My mother looked at me in surprise, her voice sounding like she was squeezing it out of her throat. "How do you know ......" Then she was silent for a moment and returned to her usual familiar expression. "It's not something you should know."
      My mother took my hand and looked me in the eyes. "Even if he doesn't acknowledge you, you're still the strongest in the pack, and you're going to be the future Alpha."
      "It's been like this, and you still won't tell me?" I really admired my mother's calmness, as if she didn't care about anything other than the position of future Alpha.
      My mother's words were done, and she stopped giving me a look.
      "Well, you all are the same, so I have nothing more to ask." I laughed bitterly and jumped out of the window to the river where I had met Claudia.
      A few months ago, I thought I could protect my mate. But after I showed her a ridiculous drama that hurt her so badly, she left me. And the goals I had had since I was a kid, all the training I had done to become Alpha, and all the questions I had received because of it, they all seemed like a joke.
      I didn't keep anything in my life successfully, and I fell to my knees by the river, pounding my fists on the ground. I scolded myself inwardly for being so weak! I slammed my fist into the gravel at the river's edge. The pain couldn't compare to what I had lost. Was it my fault for being so weak? Then another punch, and the gravel embedded itself into my flesh.
      I swore to the Moon Goddess in my heart that I would shed all my weaknesses and no one would control my feelings again from today.
      Neil's POV
      The house was unusually quiet today. I hadn't seen my mother or Isaac, although Isaac had been fighting outside the pack lately and I rarely saw him. Father was upset with Isaac for this behavior, and my instincts told me that Isaac's strange behavior was because of Claudia, who left.
      I still didn't see my mother when we ate dinner, so I had to ask my father, "Where is mom?"
      But my father acted like he didn't hear my question, or maybe he was just trying to change the subject. "Are you confident that you can be the Alpha?"
      I almost choked on my water. "Alpha? Me?"
      Father nodded "Yes, you."
      I lowered my head, not knowing what was going through my mind. "I didn't know, everyone thought Isaac was going to be the Alpha, including me. I never thought about that."
      "Don't mention him, I'm talking about you. If I want you to be the future Alpha, do you have the confidence to be good?" Father hated it when I mentioned Isaac's name.
      In fact, as the son of Alpha, how could I not have the thought that I would be the future Alpha? Especially after I had my wolf. Finally, people would know that I was strong too, and I beat everyone on the training grounds. But who made my brother be a perfect successor? He even defeated a berserking me with ease.
      "Yes." I certainly had faith, as long as there was no Isaac.
      "That's great." Father smiled a smile that had been missing for a long time. "I will announce to the pack tomorrow that you are the next Alpha."
      "What?!" I was extremely surprised. "What about Isaac?"
      "That bastard, who's been hanging out with hooligans a lot lately and dared to attack me."
      Isaac was a bit arrogant, but he had never acted disrespectfully towards his parents. But I didn't ask this question out loud. Since father said so, Isaac deserved to be punished.
      Besides, Isaac had been in the limelight of everyone for so long. It was my turn now. I ignored the discomfort I felt inside and accepted my father's offer.
      My mother did not appear on the occasion of announcing me as the heir. Father said she didn't come because she was in a bad condition. But I knew that my mother had always been partial to Isaac. She was hard on Isaac, but she never wanted anyone other than Isaac to be the future Alpha.
      I looked at the werewolves, curious expressions on the faces of the people who had been summoned. And Isaac was under a tree in the distance, his eyes were shadowy as he looked at our father. I guessed that he'd known about the punishment for a long time.
      My father took my hand and stood in front of the stage." I have an announcement to make today. It's very important to our pack." The people began to murmur. The smile on my father's face grew wider. "You all should know him, my son Neil, and I'm sure you all know his wonderful personality and have seen his bravery on the battlefield."
      Everyone agreed with my father's words, and that made me confident.
      "So I've decided that Neil should be the next Alpha." The crowd below boiled up just as my father finished his words. I didn't mean to hear the hard words, but they were shouting too loudly.
      "Why? He is weak compared to Isaac."
      "Jesus, if we let him be the Alpha, how many days will we still live?"
      These discontents knocked at my heart, and I was tempted to grab the one leading the protest by his collar and ask him if he dared to have a fight with me. When Isaac had been announced as the heir, no one had ever dared to protest. I shouted to those people in my mind. 'Shut up, you loser. I'm so much stronger than you guys. Who are you to talk about me?' I had never felt so jealous, maybe I had never faced that before.
      My father noticed my expression was getting ugly and he cleared his throat. "About Issac." The crowd fell silent for a moment. "He broke the rules by associating with rogues and attacked me."
      The crowd started to get rowdy again. My father didn't expect such a reaction, so he raised his voice. "Silence! According to the rules, I should have executed him or banished him, but he is my child after all. So I've decided to let him lead a hunting party and be the vanguard of our expanding territory."
      Father hadn't told me what he was planning, but the people shut up at once. They were afraid of being a member of the hunting party too, I guessed. After all, it was the most dangerous job. As I watched their fearful faces, I suddenly felt a sense of revenge in my heart. I felt that my father had made the right decision. Isaac left after hearing the results, not a ripple on his cold face. It took away the last shred of guilt I had for him.
      After Isaac left, everyone gradually put their eyes on me and I tried to do my business best as the next Alpha. There were still some people who didn't agree with me, but more and more people were rallying around me. Fiona was a clear example of this. When my father announced that I was the Alpha, Fiona was clinging to me every day. Her attitude had changed so quickly it made me wonder if she liked Isaac or not.
      Isaac had only been back to the pack every few months for the past two years. Every time he came back, he would catch everyone's eyes as if a hero had returned, which made me feel unpleasant. He did come back with a lot of useful information though, which made our pack's territory expand a lot.
      This time he came back with a piece of information which got him and his father into another argument. When I walked into the conference room, Isaac was still wearing the same outfit he was wearing when he got back, and the situation looked somewhat urgent.
      "Impossible, your information must be wrong!" Our father sounded arrogant, he didn't believe Isaac's information.
      "Two of our men died because we tried to find out their names." Looking at our father's indifferent face, Isaac slapped both hands on the table. "They were your men too, don't you care?"
      "Like I said, the White Claw pack has already been destroyed by me a long time ago. Who will attack my pack, the ghosts?"
      "You can do what you want, but I've warned you." Isaac left immediately, with a complicated look on his face as he passed me.
      I asked my father with worry. "Isaac's information hasn't been wrong before, we should prepare for it."
      My father glared at me directly. "You believe him but not me? This little bastard is just trying to trick me! How can I give him that chance?"
      I certainly believed my father. It wasn't until three days later, while I was still asleep, that a fire had spread into my pack.

###chapter 24
  Neil's POV
      All I could see was a sea of fire, and the cries and shouts filled my ears.
      "...Neil, Neil!" someone yelled my name, yanking my soul back.
      "A wolf pack is attacking!" Gordon shouted towards me. "Where's your father?"
      I shook my head blankly. "Get to the door and help, they can't hold it much longer." Gordon left me behind and walked away. He was going to find my father, our Alpha.
      I made my way through the chaos of the crowd where the fire had started burning brightly in the dark night. I had barely reached the door when I heard the howling of werewolves. Some of our warriors saw me, and they waited hopefully for me to save the situation. Was this what Alpha had to be responsible for? I felt a heaviness rise in my chest, which made me almost impossible to breathe. I shifted and joined the fight, but the scene was so chaotic that all I could hear was a million noises.
      This was nothing like when we faced the rouge group. They had come prepared. The warriors and I resisted as hard as we could, the screams of the warriors kept ringing in my ears as searing blood splashed onto my body. My stomach began to convulse, I couldn't take it anymore.
      At that moment, I didn't know who flashed up behind me and sliced my left leg with his claws. The excruciating pain made me lie on the ground and I couldn't get up at all. I thought I was going to die. My father finally appeared.
      The next day, I woke up from my hospital bed. Although my injury was already healing, my left leg still hurt like hell. I limped into the war center, where it was a mess. I learned from their bickering that last night my father had gathered all the werewolves of our entire pack to hold off the other side's attack.
      Just like the information Isaac brought back before, it was indeed the White Claw pack that had attacked us. After being defeated by my father, they had amassed many years of resources to declare war on our pack.
      Some people had suggested that we needed to let Isaac come back to help. He was strong and experienced in war. But my father rejected it without thinking. "No need, we already succeeded last night. Now you just need to figure out how to defeat them completely."
      Because of those words, our war went on for another month or so. Under Alpha's orders, Isaac got nothing about our situation. But we all knew that we had almost reached the bottom line. Both two packs had lost many men, and it was no good for us to fight.
      Our Beta spoke up, "Or else, negotiate with them."
      The commanders all looked at my father and he pondered for a moment, "Yes, we can pretend to negotiate with them. Food, metal... We'll agree to give them whatever resources they want. When the negotiations are over, we will be prepared for war and then we will attack their pack immediately."
      Everyone here acquiesced to this view. It sounded pretty despicable, but that was the tactic. And no one would dare question my father.
      We offered to negotiate with the White Claw pack and they accepted quickly. Sure enough, they also lost a lot of money. Tomorrow the negotiator representing the White Claw pack would come to our pack, and they would surely send a witty and powerful negotiator. My father had put us on alert for this negotiator.
      The next day came quickly and we waited at the gate. The man with the cloak on him in the distance would be the negotiator, and he was surrounded by the men of their pack in the middle. They all seemed to have great respect for this negotiator, and when he raised his hand, the rest of them stopped. He walked up to us, and no one could see his face under his cloak.
      Suddenly, he reached up and flicked the hood of his cloak back, and his hands made me feel surprised, a pair of slender, white hands with ruby rings on them. The moment he revealed his face, shock and admiration escaped our lips. It turned out to be "she" and not "he". The negotiator was a beauty I had never seen before.
      Her face was somewhere between girlish and mature. Naive and sexy could really show on the same face at the same time. The complexion was wheat. Those green eyes were like the surface of a lake in moonlight, reflecting pure light. Long, silky silvery-white hair had grown to the back of her waist. Her lips were like they were tinted with wine with a beautiful red color. The sensual lips were parting and closing, and everyone's attention was not on the words she uttered.
      "I am the negotiator of the White Claw pack and I was entrusted by our Alpha to negotiate with you." She untied her cloak and handed it to the assistant next to her.
      There was a reason I hadn't been able to tell her gender based on her height earlier. She was tall and had high-heeled boots of calfskin on her feet. A pair of long, healthy legs with a tight skirt wrapped around the top of her thighs. A belt was loosely wrapped around the skirt with a silver dagger on it.
      She wore a witch's costume. The strapless upper body with elaborate decorations of fur and gems that represented this witch's faction. Her long, slightly curly hair rested casually on her round, smooth shoulders, and a platinum necklace glittered on her ample chest. The leather corseted waist outlined the wonderful lines of her waist.
      I swore I could see the admiration of everyone in the room. She was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen in my life. The negotiator's face was calm amidst our admiration. Yeah, a woman like this should be used to hearing compliments.
      The witch pointed to the werewolf beside her, "He is my assistant, Toby, and I will be making decisions with him during the negotiations. Please prepare two rooms for us."
      I knew at first glance that Toby was a very strong werewolf. It must be their Alpha who let him protect the witch's safety.
      My father told me to take the negotiator to rest first, and we had already prepared a nice room for her. Now it seemed that there should be no room to please this so beautiful witch.
      As the witch walked into the pack, I once again heard the exclamations of everyone. The witch was still expressionless until I heard Fiona's noise. She pointed at the witch. "I can't be mistaken, those eyes! You're the traitor's daughter!"
      Claudia' POV
      Two years later, I was finally back here again. The Alpha of the Crimson Shadow pack and his commanders came to greet me personally. When I took off my cloak, the surprised look on their faces made me disdainful. It also made me look forward even more to the wonderful expressions on their faces when they found out that I was the slave girl.
      Neil offered to take me to the resting place. He didn't recognize me at all, which wasn't surprising. But the way he looked at me had changed completely; once upon a time, when I was a poor slave, he looked at me with a permanent look of pity. I didn't hate him though. I was grateful. He had helped me so many times.
      As I walked into the pack again, I could hear their thoughts. Like the man from the factory, 'Wow, that pretty witch is looking at me. Good thing I shaved today.' And the girl who once hit me hard, 'She's so pretty, is that silver hair dyed? I'm going to try it too.'
      Humph, I sneered inwardly. In all the years I had cooked for them, and I had never gotten as much goodwill as I had got today. I was incredibly glad to have left these shallow people. But the most superficial one was still waiting for me up ahead. Fiona's shouting was incredibly familiar to me, and she managed to anger everyone.
      "How is that possible? Where is her resemblance to that traitor's daughter?"
      "Yeah, the traitor's daughter disappeared a long time ago."
      The crowd retorted as if they had suffered some great indignity if the person they had just praised was me. But there was a slow sound of skepticism in the murmur.
      "She does look like the traitor's daughter, if I look carefully."
      "What is the daughter of a traitor doing back here? Is she the enemy's negotiator?"
      It was as if the crowd had given Fiona strength. She swung over to me but couldn't look down at me anymore because I was already taller than her. "You have the nerve to come back!" She looked me up and down. "And what are those clothes you're wearing? A witch. After all, you're still a wolf-less piece of shit."
      "Claudia doesn't have a wolf? That's the funniest joke I've ever heard." Toby couldn't stand people offending me. "Who are you? This is no place for you to talk!" He wanted to fight with her.
      "Calm down, this is someone else's pack." I stopped him.
      "But..."
      I gave Toby a smile to reassure him. I knew people like Fiona very well, and the best way to shut her up was to... I straightly reached for Fiona's neck with my claws out and yanked her, then let her look at my eyes. "Are you still to say, I'm a loser without a wolf?"
      The aura emanating from me made Fiona's teeth chatter at the shock. "No... Not anymore." I flung her aside and she stumbled away.
      Looking at Fiona's back, of course, I remembered how she abused me and hurt me. Back then she had beaten me so badly that almost none of my ribs were intact. Yet I had to survive in the dangerous wilderness.
      Two years ago, I had covered myself in mud then slept in the bushes to escape the rouges in the wild. If it weren't for the summer, I would have frozen to death in my sleep. These were just a small part of my suffering. But it wasn't time for revenge yet. I had business to handle.
      If it weren't for the investigation into the true cause of my parents' death, I would never have taken another step into this pack. Two years ago, through mind reading, I read Beta's guilt towards me, which was definitely related to my parents' tragic death. But I was banished from the pack before I could find out the truth. After I grew up in the coven, I tried every way to join the Crimson Shadow pack again, but I didn't have a chance. Until one day, the Alpha of the White Claw pack declared war on the Crimson Shadow pack, and the White Claw pack needed a strong witch, so I joined them successfully. And I also met Toby at that time.
      I was called to the meeting room early the next morning. Alpha Andre was in a hurry, it seemed that he had heard about Fiona's suspicions yesterday and now was eager to find me to verify it.
      Sure enough, as I sat in the chair, he asked without a moment's hesitation, " Are you Claudia? Are you the child of Calvin?" He remembered my father's name.
      I had nothing to hide. "Yes, I am the slave girl."
      I looked into his eyes and easily read his thoughts, 'I thought she was dead, but now she's become so powerful. No, I have to get rid of her.'
      Andre wanted to kill me? When he saw me yesterday, he didn't have such strong hostility. I thought carefully, this must have something to do with my parents.
      But Andrei still put a kind smile on his face, "We all thought you were missing, and I'm glad to see you be so good now."
      I sneered "Don't you know it was Luna who expelled me from the pack? But I do need to thank you for that. Otherwise, I didn't know how much potential I had until I left."
      'It was Luna?'
      'Luna drove a girl out of the pack.'
      I listened to their thoughts. Just a little more suspicious, seeing their ugly faces.
      But Andre just played dumb. "Luna? She never said that to me. Let's not mention the past anymore, let's discuss the negotiations." He immediately changed the subject. Before he could say anything again, someone barged into the conference room.
      I knew I would see him again when I returned, but I didn't expect it to be so sudden. Isaac was frozen in place the moment he saw me, and he must have recognized me immediately. But his eyes didn't linger on me for too long, he was blaming Andre for not informing him about the war.
      No wonder the Crimson Shadow pack was defeated so quickly, their most powerful weapon simply didn't make it to the battlefield. I looked at Isaac out of the corner of my eye, he was more mature than ever. He looked like he'd just gotten back, his military boots still thick with dust. He had a Damascus steel knife and a nine-millimeter Kroger hanging from a belt around his waist.
      My God, was he out fighting the army?
      The black turtleneck tights outlined his tight chest and abdominal muscles, and he was leaner and stronger than ever. The blood on his coat was not sure if it was his or someone else's. Although his face was as handsome as before, and he even looked better than before because of the shadowy in his eyes. But he didn't look like the sunny boy from school anymore; he had become a steely man with an aura of danger emanating from him. I didn't know what had happened to him in the last two years, but his eyes were cold and somber. I could tell that he didn't think much of anyone, including the Alpha, whom he used to respect.
      After a big fight with Andre, Isaac left the conference room without a care in the world. He seemed to glance at me before he left, a glance so brief that I thought it was a hallucination. After he left, I suddenly relaxed. I didn't know why, but I was so tense just now. But then I remembered how cold he looked just now, and I was a little disappointed. Didn't overthink it, I reminded myself. Now, we were supposed to be two people who had nothing to do with each other, nothing would happen.

###chapter 25
  Isaac's POV
      Last night, I was camping in the forest. In the distance, there was a pretty large pack. There were also a few rouge groups. This pack had nothing to investigate. They were not half as strong as our pack. The only thing I was worried about was the White Claw pack. Our stupid Alpha didn't listen to my advice at all. I hoped his luck was good enough and the White Claw pack would give up on attacking us. Late at night, a group of rouge stared at my team. They thought they had launched a surprise attack, but Caesar had already smelled the stench on their bodies.
      I cut the throat of the enemy boss with my saber. It was too weak. I didn't need to shift to fight with him at all. But his blood splashed on my coat. The blood was still difficult to clean up.
      At this time, a messenger of our pack ran into our camp anxiously. He told me that the White Claw pack launched an attack on us a month ago.
      "Why did you tell me until now?" Even if it was Alpha Andre's decision, it sounded too absurd.
      "Alpha didn't let us inform you. We have already suffered heavy losses. I secretly came to you because I received the order of Commander Dean."
      "I know. I will go back." Although this was what Andre deserved, the others in the pack were innocent."
      On the way home, the messenger told me that Andre wanted to negotiate with the White Claw pack. I guessed that he would tear up the agreement unilaterally because he was that kind of person. Then the messenger told me that the White Claw pack sent a beautiful negotiator. I almost laughed. It seemed that the White Claw pack's Alpha was stupid. Did he want to send a beautiful woman to seduce our Alpha?
      Back to pack, I did not have a rest and found Andre. He and negotiator were in the conference room. The guards outside the conference room stopped me. I pushed him away and entered the conference room.
      After seeing the familiar green eyes, I was shocked speechless. How could it be her? The great joy I felt almost made me cry when I saw her again. No wonder the messenger kept mentioning her along the way. She seemed to have changed a lot. The thin little girl in the past had grown taller. Her figure had perfect curves. Her straight and slender legs were crossed together. Her slender waist supported her graceful chest. Her black clothes made her skin look great. Her skin color was no longer as pale as before, but light pink wheat. The silver hair gently brushed past the elegant lines on her face. Those eyes were still as beautiful as before, but the gentle gaze inside had disappeared, only revealing a cold expression now. So beautiful. Now she could make every man in the world fall in love with her.
      I didn't know what happened to her in the past two years. I had been looking for her for the past two years when I was outside of the pack. Now she looked like a powerful witch. Thank you, Moon Goddess. I had been praying for her safety. But what happened in the past two years kept reminding me that didn't be too proud. Did you still remember how you ended up like this? I calmed down and forced myself to shift my attention away from her.
      I looked at Alpha. "I already told you. Why didn't you inform me about the war?"
      "My men can win. We don't need you." He still refused to admit defeat.
      "Then did you win? An Alpha even wants to negotiate with his enemy."
      "When is it your turn to speak here? Get out!" He was angry because of shame and hatred for me.
      "Well, don't come back to beg me when there is a war." Before I left, I glanced at Claudia again. She sat there quietly. The quarrel between Alpha and I did not affect her mood at all.
      Andre let out an angry gasp behind me, as well as the sound of something heavy falling to the ground. He might have kicked a chair, but I didn't care about this. I only thanked Moon Goddess for bringing Claudia back to my side again.
      I sat on the bed in my room, constantly rubbing the silver ring on my index finger with my thumb. Claudia gave it to me, the most important treasure she had before.
      "She comes back now! Let's go and get her back." After Claudia came back, Caesar became excited.
      "I can't. I hurt her heart badly two years ago, and I am no longer the future Alpha."
      "Coward, it's not the problem. If you want it, go and snatch it."
      "Of course, I will." I clenched my fists. There was nothing that could stop me. These two years, I walked out of hell by stepping on other people's corpses. I would not lose her again.
      A beautifully decorated dessert shop was surrounded by people. The crowd was discussing the negotiator who had just come to pack. I curiously leaned close to the crowd. It turned out that Claudia was sitting under a huge white sun umbrella to have afternoon tea. Our pack's girls liked to come here. They would sit on the long chair of the swing and joke in a low voice. However, Claudia made the shop look more luxurious.
      She did not have to discuss negotiations today, so she changed out of the witch's clothes and put on a French dress. The neckline of the dress showed a large piece of her creamy skin. Her long silver hair was tied up high by her. The soft right arm had a black bandage on it, which was made of crow feathers and fish bones, a witch's accessory. Her smooth shanks were crossed in the hem of the dress, which made her look even sweeter than snacks.
      No wonder there were so many people around her, and I only felt that it was harsh when they praised Claudia with words of praise.
      There were even a few arrogant guys who went to strike up a conversation with her. A wretched guy wiped his smooth hair, and I could smell the smell of his inferior quality hair gel here.
      He walked to Claudia and asked her, "This beautiful young lady, can I sit beside you?" Listening to his deliberately deep voice, I almost vomited. Claudia acted as if she did not hear him and did not give him a look.
      That's enough. I pushed the crowd away and sat on the chair opposite Claudia. I looked at the wretched guy. "I don't hear clearly. Where are you going to sit?" This sentence was not a threat at all. My aura did not even spread. But he was scared away by me directly, hoping that he did not pee his pants.
      I looked at the people around her again. "Do you also want to sit beside her?" My fingers tapped on the table. The impatient signal was conveyed to everyone. They quickly dispersed.
      "Childish." Claudia finally spoke. Her cold voice almost made me unable to hear it.
      "Don't you think they are noisy?" I didn't expect Claudia's character to change so much, but I still couldn't help but want to get close to her.
      "Yes, but you are also very noisy." She pointed at me with a sweet golden fork in her hand. My situation became awkward. Yes, in her eyes, I was even worse than a passer-by. Two years ago, in order to protect her, I pretended to sleep with other women in front of her.
      I couldn't say a word. A sweet smile suddenly appeared on Claudia's face. "Then, goodbye." She left without looking back.
      Neil's POV
      Ever since Isaac came back, the tension in the pack had eased a lot. They always talked about how we could beat the White Claw pack when Isaac came back, even if there was no need to negotiate.
      Did these ignorant people think that Isaac was a savior? It's me! I saved their lives when they screamed and ran away. Those ignorant fools who didn't know how to be grateful. After Isaac came back, he only visited our mother. His personality was getting colder and colder. Moreover, he completely didn't put our father in his eyes, not to mention me, the future Alpha. I was getting more and more tired of him.
      But my terrible life was saved by Claudia. After knowing that the beautiful woman was her, I was not only surprised but also happy. When she was bullied, I helped her. Although it was Isaac who asked me to protect her at that time, I did have pity for this strange girl. Now she had attracted all my attention. Although my wolf did not admit it, I thought she was my mate.
      I hoped she still remembered the time we spent together. It was not easy for me to ask her out and then bring her to the garden where I used to come with her.
      "Do you remember this place?" I looked at her expectantly.
      "Yes, this is one of the few places where I can read quietly." Her beautiful fingers touched the rose petals.
      The pleasure in my heart almost overflowed. "Your appearance has changed a lot, but you are still very gentle and quiet, which is my favorite appearance."
      Claudia did not speak. She just looked at every scene in the small garden.
      "Do you have anything new? For example, mate and something like that?" I tentatively asked her.
      "No, how about you?" Her tone was just an ordinary inquiry between friends, but my face turned red.
      "No, I have been waiting for the person I love." My heart was beating wildly.
      Claudia looked at me, "Very well. I still had something to do, so I need to leave now." I didn't expect her attitude to be so cold. I quickly grabbed her hand and she looked at me with a questioning look.
      "What I mean is, what do you think of me?" In fact, I was very confident. I had the most outstanding bloodline and the appearance that was often praised by women. As for Isaac, who was most likely to compete with me, he had no future now.
      Claudia smiled gently. I felt that I was going to succeed, but she said, "thank you, but I still want us to be friends."
      I, who had never been rejected, could not accept this result. "Why? Am I not good?"
      Claudia only left me an apology.
      I clutched the corner of my clothes. This huge drop made me unable to accept this result. Why? I had already done well enough. What else did you want? Isaac's face appeared in my mind again. It was all because of him. My hateful and perfect elder brother.
      Claudia's POV
      I had received too many invitations in the past few days. Neil even asked me out. Originally I didn't want to care about anyone or anything about this pack. But Neil had helped me a lot. Out of kindness from a friend, I decided to meet him once.
      He brought me to a small garden. The memories of the past flooded my mind. Being abused and beaten up, and also suffering the contempt of the werewolves from the pack. During these two years, these memories troubled me like a nightmare.
      Just as I was immersed in the past, Neil's sudden confession made me unable to cope for a while. I politely refused him. I just felt so funny in my heart. If he really liked my gentle appearance, why didn't he confess to me when I was still a slave two years ago?
      Neil was very disappointed after I rejected him, but I didn't have time to comfort a boy who was sad because of the failure of the confession. I directly slipped into the library's information room to see if I could find any clues about the real death reason of my parents.
      Today, I was walking on the road. The pack's people looked at me and whispered secretly. They no longer looked at me with that envious gaze two days ago. Instead, they looked at me with the most familiar disgust when I was still a slave. I casually read one of the thoughts. 'If she seduces me, I can't resist her either.'
      Seduces? Who did I seduce? This was too unreasonable. I continued to read other people. A woman with a child looked at me. 'I knew that witches were all bitches. She must be a spy from the enemy and deliberately came to seduce our heir.'
      Okay, now I knew who the other protagonist was. After continuous screening in the crowd, I learned the source of the rumors from someone I knew.
      Jesse was one of Fiona's friends. Before I left the pack, Fiona once took her to beat me seriously. At that time, the reason she hit me was that I seduced Neil. It seemed that some things would never change. I knew that she just believed in Fiona's nonsense. Fiona liked to use these girls who were very stubborn about feelings. She knew how much Jesse liked Neil and how much she hated me.
      I couldn't let Fiona treat me like this. I was no longer the little girl who was bullied by her and would not fight back. So I went to find Jesse. She was very unnatural when she faced me. I looked into her eyes. 'Why her again? And she has become so beautiful now. What if Neil really likes her? '
      I should hate her, but she loved Neil so much that I couldn't help but sympathized with her. So I told her, "You don't have to worry. I didn't seduce Neil. And I don't like him. We won't be together."
      Of course, Jesse didn't believe me. "Do you think I will believe you just because of these two words?" But I could read the wavering in her heart.
      "Then you can come with me. I will let you see the truth."

###chapter 26
  Claudia's POV
      I pulled Jesse into the illusion that I controlled. It was dark here, but it could change according to my thoughts. Everything in the illusion was not real. It did not hurt people, but it was realistic enough.
      "What is this?" Jesse exclaimed. Ordinary people had never seen this before.
      "The magic of a witch." In fact, this was just a simple illusion. "I will pull Fiona in later. If you want to know the truth, keep quiet and don't make a sound. When I call you, come out."
      Jesse nodded honestly. This was the reason why no one dared to provoke a witch. I was secretly delighted.
      The way to trigger this illusion was very simple. You could pull people into the illusion as long as you touched people. However, it was also very easy to crack. So I could only use this to deceive a werewolf like Jesse and Fiona who lacked the ability.
      Fiona's wolf perception was too weak. I easily pulled her into the illusion. That place became a cliff. I tied her up and placed her on the edge of the cliff. When she woke up from the dizziness of entering the illusion, she was already standing in front of a bottomless abyss.
      "Ahhh!" I waited patiently for her to finish screaming. She could actually stand up, but her legs should be soft. Fiona looked at me. "What are you doing?"
      "I only want you to tell the truth. Did you spread the rumor everywhere that I seduced Neil?"
      She was still reluctant to admit it. "What did you say? What rumor?"
      "Well, since you don't want to say it, then go to hell." I pushed her to the edge of the cliff.
      Fiona, who was tied up, began to struggle violently and was getting closer and closer to falling off the cliff. Fiona finally spoke, "It's me! I posted the rumor!"
      I pulled her back a little. "Go on."
      "I followed you and Neil to a garden that day, but you came back without doing anything. I could only tell Jesse that you seduced him."
      "Very good. Jesse, did you hear that?" I shouted behind me.
      "What? Why is Jesse here?" Fiona's eyes widened.
      Jesse came out from behind me. She was very angry and said to Fiona, "I thought you were my friend!"
      I removed the illusion. Only then did Fiona realize that there was no cliff at all. She pointed at me and said to Jesse, "It's all her. She used witchcraft to provoke our relationship."
      Jesse no longer believed her, "Shut up, you are a liar with a mouth full of lies."
      I looked at Fiona's pale face. Her hair was soaked in a cold sweat, sticking to her forehead, which made her look like a clown. I could not help but sneer.
      This stabbed Fiona's heart. She raised her hand and wanted to slap me. "You poor witch!"
      I grabbed her wrist directly, "I, a poor witch, can make you die without a trace." Then I slapped her with the other hand. "Don't think you can do anything to me."
      Fiona fell to the ground. "Do you think you can come back and challenge my position just because you look beautiful? I am Beta's daughter, and my father will kill you."
      Ha, I thought she was going to say something threatening. "Challenge your position? Poor thing, that's all you can see."
      What she said made me feel that she was very pathetic. Just looked beautiful? She had no idea what I had experienced in the past two years.
      Two years ago:
      It had been two days since I was chased out by my pack. The wound caused by Fiona had not been healed yet. I dragged my injured body and dodged the nearby rouges.
      I had only drinking the river water for the past two days. The hunger made me feel cold all over. If I did not eat anything, I would immediately faint. I looked at rouges' gathering place from afar. Even if it was the trash bin there, I did not dare to take a step closer. Their wolves would definitely smell me, and I would rather starve to death than be caught by them.
      I walked for a long time, and it was almost dark when I found a camp that had been ransacked. There must be a fight between rouges. The camp that had been robbed was full of blood and corpses. There were also some things that rouges did not need. I carefully bypassed the corpses and searched for food in the camp. In the end, I found a piece of bread that had been burnt black in the already extinguished campfire. But for me, who had not eaten for two days, this was already a supreme delicacy.
      As I was eating the rare food, I suddenly heard a sound. I quickly lay next to a corpse and pretended to be one of the dead.
      "Look, I told you they were all dead," A rouge said to his companion.
      "But I did smell something different," Another rouge said, sniffing the air. He walked towards me step by step, and the "corpse" next to me suddenly twitched. God, he was not dead yet.
      The rouge walked to my side, picked up the "corpse" next to me, and then penetrated his chest with his claws. I could feel warm blood on my face and body, and then the rouge threw the body on me.
      "Now you can rest assured." His companion said.
      The rouge sniffed in the air again. "Well, there is no other smell." After they left, it was a while before I dared to move. I removed the body that was already stiff on me.
      My luck was better than him. Originally, the rouge should have smelled my scent, but he woke up at the wrong time. His blood covered my smell. I numbly washed the blood on my body in the river, but I could not stop retching. My nose was full of the smell of blood and the smell of the body.
      In order to avoid encountering such things again, I covered my appearance and smell with soil and ate wild fruits to satisfy my hunger. When the sun was better in the day, I would find some abandoned houses and search for the materials I needed. I found some cans of old age in an abandoned room. It was enough for me to eat for a long time. Suddenly there were footsteps approaching, and I hid in a dark and narrow storeroom.
      "There doesn't seem to be anyone here," a male voice said.
      "Is there rouge around?" a woman asked.
      "No, it's our pack nearby." It turned out that they were only a pack's people.
      But I still didn't dare to go out. In my current state, they would definitely think of me as rouge or a monster. I planned to wait here until they left.
      "That's good. I miss you too much," The woman said, and then there was the sound of fabric rubbing against each other.
      "Me too." Immediately, I understood what they were doing here. Sure enough, there was soon the sound of flesh colliding.
      I didn't expect that I would run into someone who had an affair here, which made me unable to stand in the storeroom. But when I moved, I suddenly felt a sharp pain in my feet. Something sharp was deeply inserted into the soles of my feet. I immediately bit my lips and told myself not to cry out. When they left the house, my feet were already cold. I pushed the door of the storeroom and found that there were many broken glasses on the ground inside.
      I tried my best to take out the glass shards from the soles of my feet in the house. Some tiny glass shards had already mixed into my flesh and blood. I still wrapped my feet with a strip of cloth and left the house. It was going to be dark soon. The beasts would smell the scent of my blood.
      However, unfortunate things always happened in succession. The wounds on my feet were infected. I wanted to find some herbs to treat the wounds, but because of the infection, I had a fever. I was lying under a tree. Was this the last time of my life? Died of injuries? My parents' faces had already appeared in front of me. Were you here to pick me up?
      The cold feeling on my face woke me up. I saw a woman with purple eyes. She looked very familiar. She touched my face. The cold touch came from her hands. As the god of death, was she too good-looking? As I thought about it, my consciousness fell back into darkness.

###chapter 27
  Two years ago
      Claudia's POV
      I opened my eyes. I was shocked by the scene in front of me. Was this heaven? I got up and looked around. This room was lit with incense I had never smelled before. The fragrance did not come from any plants. It made me feel comfortable. I got out of bed and stepped on the ground. The ground was covered with soft animal skin. There was no natural light here. The only light source was the light of the candles.
      Suddenly, the door was opened and a black-haired woman with purple eyes walked into the room.
      "You are the witch!" I immediately realized that she had once developed my ability to read minds.
      "It seems that you still remember." The witch told me that her name was Miranda. "I didn't expect you to appear there, and you were seriously injured."
      I told Miranda what happened to me. Her eyes were full of pity for me. "You should recuperate here first. The witch's medicine will help you recover faster."
      During the time when I was recovering, Miranda told me a lot about the witches. She brought me here, which was coven, and this was the gathering place of the witches.
      But in fact, witches usually did not interact with each other. Each of them had their own tasks and survival methods. Some powerful witches would help the pack fight, and some choose to go and live in seclusion. But when they came to hurting their common interests, such as hunting witches. The witches would gather together to resist.
      I met many different witches here, but they were not willing to pay attention to me. Miranda told me that there was actually a war between witches, and they also had conflicts of interest. But life here still made me very happy. This was the best life I had since my parents died.
      When I recovered, Miranda asked me what I was going to do now. My mind was blank.
      "It doesn't matter. You can think about it slowly. But I want to tell you that your bloodline is very special. As long as you want to become a powerful witch, you can come to me. I will help you train."
      I remembered the quarrel between my mother and my father. They did mention my eyes and my grandmother's. Was this why they always wanted me to hide my eyes? My grandmother was also a powerful witch, but powerful witches would always be involved in a war or killed.
      But I had nothing now, and even my wolf couldn't appear at any time. I thought of the life of being insulted and scolded in the pack. I had enough of this kind of life. And I didn't know the truth about my parents' death. If I became a powerful witch, I could help my parents clear their names. So I made up my mind to find Miranda.
      She looked at me seriously. "Training is a very difficult thing. You will be tortured physically and mentally. We can start right away if you can bear it."
      "I can endure any pain in order to say goodbye to my miserable life." I answered firmly without saying anything extra. Miranda nodded and officially brought me into training.
      In the following days, I came into contact with a pain that was totally different than the first half of my life. Learning magic was a test of the mental strength of a witch, so when I was training, it was like countless people were beating my brain and screaming in my ears. I once fell into a breakdown, but the memories of my parents reminded me that only by persisting could I avenge them.
      I spent a few months in pain and chaos. When the torture was over, Miranda told me, "You have completed most of the training, and there is still the last step 'transformation '. But this last step is also the most critical step. Many witches fail to persist in the end and choose to suicide."
      I had come to this step and could no longer turn back. I said to her, "I am ready. Please start at once."
      Then Miranda gave me a glass of strange potion and locked me in a closed room. The potion began to take effect soon after. I finally knew why so many witches would choose to suicide. Even though I had suffered so many injuries since I was a child, I had never felt such pain before.
      My hair and toes were in pain. I tore my hair painfully and bit my arm. This pain came from my bone marrow. Every cell in my body was being torn apart. I wanted to cry out, but my throat could not make a sound. I had doubts about Miranda. Did she want to torture me to death?
      I had no idea how long I had been in pain, but that time was very long for me. Then the door was opened, and Miranda helped me up from the ground. "Congratulations on completing your 'transformation'. You are a real witch now."
      She held me in front of the mirror. I looked at the person in the mirror. She was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. She had long silver hair to her waist, a graceful figure, and flawless smooth skin. Then I realized that this woman was me. I couldn't help but cry. I didn't know if it was because of the torture or the joy of success. I just covered my face and cried.
      Miranda told me that 'transformation' was a process of rebirth. The body was so painful because it changed with the ability of the witch. She told me that I could summon my wolf at any time now.
      I immediately called Nicole's name in my mind.
      "I am here." When Nicole's voice appeared, I was very excited. Father, I finally had my wolf.
      Miranda was very satisfied with my appearance. "I knew you were a powerful witch. I knew it from the moment I saw your eyes."
      I asked her, "Are my eyes special? My grandmother also has such eyes."
      "I have only seen your eyes once. The witch with these eyes helped a king win the war."
      "Wow..." I didn't think I would be that powerful, and now I was satisfied.
      I also asked her a question that had been bothering me. "Aren't witches all very independent? Why are you helping me?" Although I was very grateful for her teaching me this, I was still very puzzled why she helped me.
      "There are fewer and fewer powerful witches. This is not a good thing for our whole group. I will try to find some witches with potential." Miranda said, "You can go anywhere now, but remember to come back when the coven is in danger."
      I nodded. Next, I would find a way to find out the truth about the death of my parents.
      Two years later
      Fiona cried endlessly because of that slap. Did she think it was over? I had been beaten by her terribly. Now because of the 'transformation', there were no flaws in my body, but it did not mean that I forgot the pain. I would let her pay this pain back.

###chapter 28
  Isaac's POV
      Recently, a very ridiculous rumor had been spreading. They said that the new witch, negotiator, seduced our future Alpha. This was really very harmonious with my original guess.
      Although Claudia could seduce anyone with her current beauty, I knew very well that she was not such a person. I also wanted to go and asked Claudia. But she had avoided me. I could understand her very well. After all, I had done so much bad to her two years ago. So I found Neil and wanted to ask what happened to them.
      When I found Neil, he sat on the leather chair in the living room and drank his father's whiskey. He looked very disappointed. I didn't know if I should disturb him at this time.
      Just as I was about to leave, he said, "Don't just stand there and look at me. What are you going to do?" He seemed to be drunk.
      "You are not in a good state right now. Let's talk about it when you sober."
      But Neil did not intend to let me go. "I am in a very good state. Just say what you want to say!"
      I had no way to deal with the drunkard, Neil. I could only tell him, "Recently, there is a rumor that Claudia seduces you. We all know what kind of person Claudia is. She will not do such a thing. What happened?"
      Neil was excited when he heard Claudia's name. "She didn't seduce me, but I like her!"
      "What did you say?!" I never knew that he liked Claudia.
      "I said! I like Claudia! I confessed to her!" He shouted at my face.
      The great sense of danger made me panic. I pulled Neil's clothes and let him look at me. "What did she say?"
      Neil was full of alcohol and his tone became fierce. "She refused me. She refused me!!" Then he looked at me. "Why are you so concerned? Do you like Claudia too?"
      His answer brought me back to my senses. "This has nothing to do with you." I let go of his clothes.
      "Do you think she can take a fancy to you? I am the next Alpha. You are nothing!" Neil pointed at me and shouted.
      "You drank too much. I will help you back to rest." I did not take his nonsense to heart.
      But Neil pushed away my hand that was holding him. "I am very sober. I have never been more awake than I am now."
      His voice was distorted with resentment. "Do you think you are very powerful? Does everyone want to circle around you? Let me tell you! Claudia is my woman. We will become Alpha and Luna, and you are just nobody."
      Was this what he thought of me, his elder brother? I sighed. Neil became more and more like Andre. Since he became the future Alpha, he began to become violent and cunning. It was difficult for me to see the original Neil from him. My gentle younger brother disappeared, but I was not qualified to judge him. I was no longer the elder brother who stood up for him everywhere.
      At this time, I still wanted to drag him out of the mire as much as possible. " What else do you have besides the identity of the heir? You hold it like you are holding onto a life-saving straw. I never felt that everyone is around me. But you, no one around you to make you feel unhappy and weak?"
      But he did not understand what I meant. He began to shift because of anger, and his fur was attached to his face. "Don't think about what you can't get. I am the future Alpha, and Claudia is my woman!" He cursed me bitterly. "I want you to die outside. Father and I pray to Moon Goddess that you will never come back!"
      "Your woman?" The aura that had been suppressed in my body was finally stimulated by him. It was the power that I had honed from countless battlefields in the past two years. Caesar roared in my mind, and he was also enraged.
      After Neil came into contact with my aura, he immediately returned to his human form. Not long after, he spat out all the wine he had drunk. I could feel that his wolf was unwilling to come out because he was afraid. Fear was the instinct to survive, which proved that he knew the difference in our strength. And those who tried to kill me had already rotted in the soil.
      I looked down at Neil, who was lying on the ground in fear. "I should thank you for driving me out. Look at you now. No wonder you were suppressed and beaten by other packs."
      This noble son had never left the ivory tower. He knew nothing about my life outside. I once took a small team to go near the Midnight pack to inquire about the news, but there was a traitor in my team. He told the Midnight pack about our news. The Midnight pack was famous for stealing and fierce killing. We were completely surrounded by The Midnight pack.
      My men were all dead. They tore up them. And I was almost bitten off by the Midnight pack's Alpha. They were right. I really almost died outside. I was only left with one breath. I covered my neck and knelt in the middle of the corpse of my teammates. The mixture of blood and soil was shallow beyond my knees. My vision was also covered by the blood.
      I should not die here. I must not die here! Hatred and despair stimulated my strength. My wolf blood was developed to the extreme. My wound healed rapidly. I broke the neck of the enemy in front of me with one hand.
      I couldn't remember what happened after that. I was already in a berserk state. My physiological instincts allowed me to kill all living things that could move in front of me. It was only when the sun rose that I returned to my senses. That day I saw hell on earth. There were blood and broken corpses everywhere. I was still holding the head of the Midnight pack's Alpha.
      From then on, I could feel the changes in my aura. There was always a smell of death and blood surrounding me. Since then, I rarely shifted. My wolf senses rose to a new level with excellent reaction, hearing, and sense of smell. I could defeat most enemies with my human form. Many werewolves died under my blade.
      Therefore, in my eyes, Neil's transformation was like a baby with a gun trying to attract the attention of adults. Before I left, I warned him, "Stay away from Claudia. I could kill you without doing anything."
      Neil didn't say anything. He just looked at me with resentment. In my heart, besides anger, there were some other emotions. Because he was my younger brother, I didn't know why our relationship became like this. So I still left him in the same place, but he would never try to steal my mate. Otherwise, it would be a very simple thing to kill him.

###chapter 29
  Toby's POV
      I couldn't understand all of this. In the White Claw pack, there was no one who didn't respect Claudia. Our pack's Alpha, my father, told us that Claudia was a very powerful witch. He also took a long time to let Claudia join our pack. At that time, our pack had some people who were biased against witches. They thought that witches were evil and would bring disaster to the pack.
      Until that time, our pack had many people who suddenly disappeared. Most of them were women and children. Originally we thought that it was rouge who kidnapped them. So we strengthened the pack's guards. However, there was still a situation of disappearance, so Alpha asked me to take some of our elite soldiers to investigate.
      A year ago...
      I carefully searched the last places where the missing residents stayed. My wolf could always smell a slight fragrance in those places, so I felt that something was wrong. After expanding the search range, I found traces of beasts.
      We followed the traces of beasts to a cave. I was very sure that the missing people were taken away by the beasts in the cave. I asked the warriors to prepare, and the traces showed that this beast was on the same level as the lion.
      As we went deeper into the cave, the strange fragrance appeared again. I asked the warriors about it. Sure enough, they also smelled the scent. We walked into an empty cave, and the beast's breathing sounded around us. I was about to transform but suddenly a warrior fell. I hurried to check his condition. His nose and mouth were bleeding with purple-red blood.
      "He was poisoned!" I shouted to the others. I remembered that the things we had touched... was only that!
      "That fragrance is poisonous!" As soon as I finished the words, a few beasts pounced on me and my team.
      The warriors who were slower to react because of the poison were all killed by the beasts. I dragged a warrior beside me and escaped the cave. Fortunately, my bloodline was strong enough. My healing speed was barely able to catch up with the speed of the spread of the poison. But the warrior I rescued was dying.
      I gave him the medicine I carried. This medicine could stimulate the power of the wolf. He looked at me. "How about you?"
      "Go back to the pack and find someone to save me." God knew if I could wait for rescue.
      "Okay, I will use my fastest speed." The warrior ran in the direction of our pack.
      Time passed slowly. My consciousness was eroded by the poison. There was a very beautiful woman in front of me when I woke up again. The moment I saw her, I felt that time became very slow. My breathing became rapid, and my palms were sweating.
      The woman looked at me. "I'm here to help you. Your team member told me you were poisoned." Oh my God, her eyes were the most touching ones I had ever seen. Her clear green eyes were glowing with water. She said to me, "You should feel much better now. I can only give you a light dose of antidote because I don't know what kind of poison it is."
      "Thank you." She looked like a witch, and then I suddenly heard the sound of a beast. Oh no, were we still in the beast territory?
      Obviously, the witch also heard the sound. "What is that?" She asked me.
      "It's the thing that poisoned me." I stood up from the grass and pulled the witch to run in the opposite direction of the cave. But the witch broke free of my hand.
      "I have to get the poison from it so that I can make the antidote." The witch said solemnly. She stood still.
      If I weren't dizzy now, I would have carried her away. "Are you crazy? I don't have much strength now. How are you going to get the poison from it?"
      The witch didn't answer me. When the beast approached us, she pushed me away, and then she shifted to a wolf and jumped on the beast.
      "WTF" Was she still a werewolf? Moon Goddess, I thought I found my mate.
      Witch, or what should I call her? Anyway, she fixed herself on the back of the beast with her claws. The beast struggled wildly and wanted to throw her off the back. But she used a talisman or some other witch's gadget that interfered with the beast's spirit. The beast slowly stopped moving, and then she used magic to hypnotize the beast.
      "Unbelievable!" Her movements were too smooth. I had never seen such a strong witch or a werewolf.
      But she did not listen to my praise at all. She was busy cutting off a piece of gland on the beast's neck. "This is the thing that poisoned you. Now I can make an antidote."
      Claudia and I returned to the pack. Her antidote helped us get rid of the surrounding beasts. Our pack's prejudice against witches slowly disappeared. I liked talking to Claudia. She always had something that surprised me. Fortunately, she did not hate me. We were always happy when we were together.
      I would find her all kinds of strange herbs and feathers of birds. Claudia would try to brew some witch medicine that she didn't know its effect. We would play small games. Whoever lost would drink the medicine. And I always lost. Sometimes I would become strange because of the medicine. Claudia would break the cold smile on her face and laughed happily when she saw it.
      But other than this time, Claudia was always as cold as ice. Her beautiful eyes had obscurity that I couldn't understand. Claudia told me that she was actually born in a pack. I knew that a lot of packs were very unfriendly to witches. But Claudia only said that those things had nothing to do with her identity as a witch. Her past hid too many secrets. So when she decided to go back to her old pack, I did not hesitate to apply to be her assistant.
      "I don't need an assistant." Claudia said to my father.
      "It is not safe for you to be alone in the enemy pack. Although Toby is young, he is one of my best warriors." My father persuaded Claudia, and I also looked at her with pleading eyes.
      Claudia sighed helplessly, "Since Alpha said so, then fine, as long as you are obedient."
      "I promise!" "Great!" I gave my father a grateful look.
      I was happy to be Claudia's assistant and came to negotiate with her. Claudia said that she spent a long time in this pack, but it was obvious that I misunderstood her meaning.
      From the first day Claudia came here, I felt the Crimson Shadow pack's hostility. It was not because she represented our pack, but because of her own hostility. Later, I found out from various places that Claudia's parents were executed when she was six years old, and she became a slave until she disappeared from the pack two years ago.
      I didn't expect Claudia to have such a miserable past because she looked like a person who would not be bullied. She could beat most people in our pack without magic. Who would have the heart to bully such a beautiful person?
      I threw all the questions to Claudia, but her expression was not good.

###chapter 30
  Claudia's POV
      Toby was like a tireless puppy. I should have understood on the day I rescued him. He would definitely pester me and won't let go. This was also why I didn't want to bring him to the Crimson Shadow pack. He will definitely clarify everything before he gave up, just like now.
      "I can only tell you that my parents are innocent." I didn't want to mention my past anymore.
      "I believe you, but those people are scolding you behind your back." The puppy's face was full of righteous anger.
      "I don't care what they say behind my back because they don't dare to say it in front of me."
      Toby was still dissatisfied with my unfairness. He took my hands and looked at me with his dog eyes. "I just hope you can be happy."
      "I know."
      Toby gave me a comforting hug. Whenever I was sad and depressed, he would always find various ways to make me happy. He was like my younger brother. I patted his head to let him let go of me but was interrupted by an angry shout.
      "Let go of her!"
      This voice was too familiar. I had heard this voice countless times in my dreams. I didn't know why Isaac had come to find me, but I wouldn't forget the harm he had done to me two years ago.
      Isaac walked up to Toby and pulled me out of that embrace. "Who are you? Why are you hugging Claudia?"
      "Same question, who you are? What does it have to do with you that I hold Claudia?" Toby must know Isaac. He was just unconvinced.
      "I am her mate." When Isaac said this, Toby and I froze in place. When I heard this word from his mouth again, my heart was bitter again. Did he want to admit our relationship only after things had come to this? It was too late.
      Toby looked at me with shock and confusion. I pulled my arm out of Isaac's hand. "We had already broken off the relationship in front of Luna Victoria, your mother."
      But Isaac hugged me directly. His other hand pressed the back of my head and kissed me. At that moment, my mind was blank and I could only feel the familiar smell. His lips were still as soft as before, and my nose was surrounded by the smell of cedar. I looked at his golden-brown eyes. His eyes were much fiercer than before, but they also carried some fatigue, like an injured beast. His kiss was still so strong that I was not allowed to refuse. My memories were brought back two years ago by this kiss. He once hugged me all night and accompanied me through the rut. At that time, it was the first time I felt the warmth that people other than my parents brought me. But...
      I pushed Isaac away and gave him a slap. "Are you crazy? You are not qualified to do this a long time ago." To my surprise, Isaac lowered his head and did nothing.
      Then I pulled Toby away. Originally I decided not to have anything to do with him. I came back this time just to find out the truth about the death of my parents, but now I still felt heartache when I thought of the scene of him betraying me.
      Toby, who was pulled by me, suddenly stopped. He was also very strange just now. This child, who was too protective of me, had no reaction to what Isaac had done to me. Normally, he would definitely fight with Isaac.
      "What's wrong?" I asked him.
      "No, nothing." Toby still looked thoughtful, but since he didn't want to say it, I didn't intend to ask.
      Toby's POV
      I gave Claudia a comforting hug. I wanted to let her know that I would always stand by her side. Claudia touched my head. I was obviously an adult, but she always treated me as a child. I wanted to avoid her hand, but Isaac appeared out of nowhere.
      After he snatched Claudia away, he still questioned my identity? I also asked him. Of course, I knew who he was. It was rare for this pack's people to worship him as the real Alpha. I could not understand this pack's style at all. But as long as he dared to hurt Claudia, I would punish him.
      Then I heard him say that he was Claudia's mate. His words shocked me. I had never heard Claudia say that she had any mate or she had dissolved the relationship. This also made me feel disappointed. I knew that Claudia had many things that I did not know. But I did not expect that these past events involved such an important thing in her life. If only I had known her earlier.
      Isaac forced a kiss on Claudia. I should have beaten him up badly. But just then, my wolf felt something. Probably because of the strong mood swings, Isaac's aura unfolded quite a bit. I could feel a strong sense of oppression in him, something I hadn't felt from any werewolf. But even if the oppression was so strong, I didn't feel dangerous.
      My wolf told me that Isaac was a companion. How was that possible? Isaac was the eldest son of the Crimson Shadow pack's Alpha. He was our most dangerous enemy. However, my wolf promised me with absolute certainty that he could smell that Isaac was my blood relative.
      "Blood relative" I was shocked by this unexpected information. So when he forced a kiss on Claudia, I was absent-minded. I knew that my father had only been with my mother before he became Alpha. And I had no other blood relatives except my brother and sister, unless...
      Isaac's POV
      When I saw Claudia's assistant hugging her, the feeling of losing her became even stronger. I wanted to kill her so-called assistant. She was mine! I cried in my heart. I didn't know where this assistant came from. How could he be so intimate with Claudia?
      A strong sense of jealousy and possessiveness dominated me. I kissed Claudia in front of her assistant. Oh my god, Claudia's taste was still so good. There was always a sweet taste between her lips and teeth. I hugged her tightly, her soft waist attached to my body. I wanted to integrate her into my bone. Her green eyes looked at me in surprise. I could see a trace of wavering in her cold eyes. I wondered if she still had some feelings for me in the depths of her heart.
      Then she pushed me away without hesitation. I could only hear a "slap" sound. The strength of the slap was not heavy, but my face began to ache as if it was burning. Her words were like a knife stabbing into my heart. This was what I deserved. No matter what she did to me, I would silently bear it.
      After Claudia left, I touched my lips. The touch of her lips still lingered on. I missed this feeling too much. The gentleness and love she once gave me was the life-saving straw that saved me from hell. I searched for her like crazy over the past two years. Now she came back. I swore to Moon Goddess that I could never lose her again.
      A few days after Claudia came here, the negotiation began soon. I usually disdained participating in this kind of political activity, but I was worried that Andre would bully Claudia in the negotiation. In order to protect her, I also sat on the chair in the conference room.
      At the long table in the conference room, Andre and Claudia sat opposite each other. Andre's face was still as arrogant as ever. I didn't want to see him at all. Claudia and her assistant sat opposite and whispered to each other. I tried not to see them. I told myself that they were only friends. Although Claudia's smile at his assistant was so dazzling to me.
      The process of negotiation was usually boring, nothing more than the two sides arguing over more territory or more money. Sure enough, Andre offered to give the White Claw Pack a million dollars in compensation, of which 70% was in cash and 30% was in jewelry instead. This was a large amount of compensation, and the White Claw Wolf Pack could use this money to continue to strengthen their pack.
      But, "I refuse!" Claudia said in a cold and firm tone.

###chapter 31
  Claudia's POV
      I didn't expect to see Isaac in the conference room. I heard that his relationship with his father had worsened. But now it seemed that it was a rumor. Although he didn't sit beside Andre, he didn't look at me. Was it because of the slap yesterday? I didn't know. I didn't know him at all now. Toby whispered Andre's joke in my ear. He said that he had never seen such a fat Alpha. I couldn't help but secretly laugh.
      "Since we all agree to the armistice, then..." The secretary handed me the agreement. "This contract has the conditions that I can give. Believe me, it is very generous." Andre had a fake smile on his face.
      I looked at the contents of the contract. The conditions were indeed very good. It could even be considered preferential treatment. This large sum of money was enough for the White Claw pack to strengthen their strength. However, I knew Andre too well. He must have some conspiracy.
      I looked into Andre's eyes and read his thoughts. 'Hurry up and sign the agreement. This way, we can kill all of you when you are happy to accept the jewelry.'
      Sure enough, although I expected that there was a conspiracy here, I did not expect that Andre was so despicable as an Alpha. Did he not care about his reputation at all? But now, even if I said that he wanted to tear the agreement unilaterally, no one would believe me. I had no evidence to prove his future actions. And he could change his words at any time. No, I had to find a way to control him.
      "I refuse." I closed their agreement and saw the surprised eyes of everyone, including Toby.
      Andre did not expect me to refuse. His expression became excited. "Why? Is there a problem with this contract?"
      "No problem, but we don't want money." I ignored the puzzled eyes of Toby.
      "Then what do you want?" Andre was a little anxious.
      "I want your people."
      "People? Do you want slaves?" 'If you want slaves, isn't that better? I can buy them when they are killed.' His idea disgusted me.
      "No, I want your men's family, wife, child, and parents of every warrior. We will treat them well until the consumption of our war is complete. Then we will send them back to you." If I could control the family of his warriors, even if Andre wanted to fight, they dared not do it.
      "What do you want them to do? Didn't I give you money to replenish the loss of war?"
      "I'm just a little worried that if you break the agreement one-sidedly, we will be ambushed by you if we are unprepared."
      "Are you doubting my integrity?" Andre was exposed by me, and he began to shout because he was feared. "How can I let my people go to other packs?"
      "It's not about you." I showed a standard fake smile. "All is fair in war, we have to make all preparations. If you don't intend to break the agreement, your people will naturally stay in our pack safely. You are so excited about my proposal. Do you really intend to break the agreement?" I pretended to be surprised.
      At this moment, all eyes fell on Andre. His face had changed from green to red. He cleared his throat. "Cough, of course not. Since you don't want money, it is not a bad thing for us. I will ask the warriors to call their families. But you have to guarantee their safety during this period."
      "I can guarantee it with my life."
      "Alright." Andre was already sweating. "Then let's stop here for today." He didn't have time to wipe off the sweat on his head before he left.
      I tried my best to suppress the corners of my mouth from rising. Wanted to play tricks with me? He really picked the wrong person. The commanders followed Andre. Only Isaac sat in his original position and looked at me. His eyes were very complicated, but I didn't want to see him again. I got up and left, leaving Isaac in the meeting room.
      Soon, Andre sent dozens of people according to the agreement. They looked very uneasy. Of course, I could understand them, but if not for Andre's insidious ways that forced me to a dead end, I wouldn't have used the means of hostages.
      So I could only try to appease them. "You don't have to worry. The White Claw pack will treat you well. You just have to stay there for a while and you can go home."
      I walked to a little girl. She should be the child of a warrior. I took her hand. "I swore to protect you with my own life. If you have any difficulties, you can tell me. I will try to solve it for you."
      But the little girl was still trembling slightly. I looked at her eyes and wanted to use hypnosis to calm her emotions. Then I read the little girl's thoughts. 'Alpha told us that we must not tell this pretty woman that we are slaves. Otherwise, we will be severely punished. '
      Did Andre replace the hostage with slaves? His shamelessness made me angry. I read the thoughts of others. Sure enough, most of them were Omega and slaves. I understand. When we accepted the hostage, Andre would still tear up the agreement. He did not care about the life and death of the slaves at all. He would kill all of us.
      He actually wanted to use this to trick me. Did he still think of me as a little girl? I immediately took the hostages to confront Andre. Andre was in the combat center. Coincidentally, his commanders were all here. This was a perfect stage. I would expose his hypocritical mask in front of his subordinates and let his people see what kind of despicable person he was.
      "Why did you bring them here?" Andre pointed to the people behind me and questioned me.
      "I suspect that there is someone pretending to be a family member, Alpha." I especially emphasized his address, hoping that someone could hear my ridicule.
      "How is that possible?" The expression on Andre's face suddenly changed. I read his mind. 'How did this woman know? Didn't I threaten the slaves to keep quiet?' But he still planned to continue lying to me. "Do you have any evidence?"
      I pointed to Andre's guard. "Your family should be here too, right? Which one?" The guard looked at Andre for help.
      At this time, a woman in the crowd raised her hand and said, "I am his wife." The guard breathed a sigh of relief.
      It seemed that Andre had asked the slaves to prepare. Very well, I let the woman turn around and asked the guard, "What color are your wife's eyes?"
      The guard faltered for a long time, and then he guessed a brown, but that Omega had a pair of beautiful blue eyes.
      "Unexpectedly, you don't even remember what your wife looks like." I turned to Andre and asked, "Do you want me to investigate one by one?"
      All of this was seen by the commanders. Andre covered it up with a lie. "They may do this because they don't want their families to be hostages."
      "I can understand if the soldiers don't want to. But after I put forward the conditions, you easily agreed. As Alpha, you have no sincerity in our request. This will make me think that our negotiation is meaningless. Do you want to start a war now?"
      Andre used up most of his combat strength just to resist the White Claw pack. I believed that he would not be stupid enough to declare war on us now.
      "No, peace is our common thought. There can't be any more bloodshed and deaths." He wanted to try to make it sound reasonable. "Then let's adjust the agreement. I have to trouble you to stay longer."
      Fortunately, I was waiting for him to say this. I hadn't found out the truth about my parents. I couldn't leave now.
      The time was getting shorter and shorter, but I still couldn't find out anything about my parents. It was especially difficult for me to find out information about Andre and the people around him. They were all very wary of me. I didn't eat much for dinner today. My mind was full of plans to find some informants to help me collect information. But Toby called me to a stop. I had never seen him so serious. Maybe I was too busy these days and ignored him. I should explain it to him when I got back.
      But what I didn't expect was that he came over and held my hand. "Claudia, I fell in love with you from the first time I saw you. I will always be with you. Give me a chance, okay?"
      "What? Why?" Other than doubt, I did not have any other emotions. I had always regarded Toby as the cute younger brother. Not long ago, I even attended his coming of age ceremony as an elder. But now that I thought about it, I was only two years older than him. Moreover, the boy in front of me was a full head taller than me. I felt that he was about the same height as Isaac. Moreover, his high cheekbones and brow bones made him look more mature than his actual age.
      What's worse was that his dark brown eyes were full of undisguised love. I had never had this feeling for him. How could I refuse him without hurting his heart?
      Maybe I had struggled in my mind for too long. Toby touched my hair and his face slowly enlarged in front of me. Help, was he going to kiss me? Was it too hurtful to push him away directly? How I wanted someone to save me from this embarrassing situation now.

###chapter 32
  Toby's POV
      After the negotiation was extended, the Crimson Shadow pack's attitude towards Claudia became worse and worse. They even instigated their children to throw stones at Claudia. The reason why the negotiation broke down was clearly that your Alpha cheated! I wanted to tell everyone, but Claudia told me to ignore them.
      Claudia asked me, "Do you think they believe in their own Alpha or the witches representing other packs?" I could only endure it.
      But when Claudia came here, I could see that she was unhappy. She didn't eat much. Every day she went out to look for something. So I couldn't see her. Looking at her slowly becoming thinner, my heart also ached. No matter how strong she was, she still needed someone to accompany and protect her. I didn't know if she was affected by Isaac's forceful kiss that day. My intuition told me that I had to make a move. Otherwise, I would regret it for the rest of my life.
      I used all the affection I had for my short 18 years of life to confess to Claudia, but she seemed to be frightened by my sudden confession. After a while, I still couldn't hear her answer.
      So I stroked her silver-white hair. "Please see the real me." I slowly moved closer to her lips. God, I wanted to do this for too long. I hoped she wouldn't push me away.
      Claudia still looked like 'What happened?'. Then I was pushed to the edge of the table by a huge force.
      "Stay away from her!" Isaac roared in a low voice.
      Isaac's POV
      With just a little finesse, I could have broken Toby's spine as I pushed him away. But I knew he had a special status, and it was best not to ruin the peace talks between the two packs because of this.
      When I entered the door, I saw Toby preparing to kiss Claudia. If this was nothing, what made me the angriest was that Claudia had no intention of avoiding him at all. What was their relationship? I prayed to Moon Goddess that she must not tell me that they were together. Otherwise, I would not be able to resist killing him.
      My jealousy and possessiveness drove me. I grabbed Toby by the neck and pressed him onto the table. He actually wanted to shift! His courage was worthy of praise. He was one of the few werewolves who had not peed their pants under my threat. My claws slowly pierced into his neck.
      Claudia scolded me from behind, "Isaac! Let go of him!"
      I heard her plead for Toby, and I felt even more upset. Toby struggled under my hand, not knowing if he would suffocate first or if his carotid artery would be cut open by me first.
      Then a black shadow flashed in front of my eyes, and my other hand grabbed the claw that Claudia was waving at me. Her nails were less than a millimeter away from my eyes. She warned me, "Let go of him, don't force me to use magic against you."
      "Is he so important to you?" In order not to hurt Claudia, I let go of Toby. He held the table and coughed.
      "He is one of our pack's people. Do you want to start a war like this?" Claudia did not mention her relationship with Toby. I was a little happy.
      "I saw that he wanted to harass you just now."
      "Who wants to harass her?" Toby felt better. "You have already dissolved the relationship. Why do you still want to disturb her?" I always felt that he gave me a familiar feeling.
      "What? Are you saying that I disturbed your good thing?" Strangely, I did not have that much hatred for the fierce wolf cub in front of me.
      "That's right!" The little wolf bared his teeth at me. It seemed that he had to be punished. I continued to let go of my aura.
      "Enough! Both of you!" Claudia's face was dyed with a thin layer of red from anger, making her look extremely sexy. "It's too embarrassing. Two adults are quarreling like children here."
      "Alright, we're all doing this for you." I wanted to see more of her blushing face. Sure enough, Claudia's neck also turned red, making me want to reach out and touch it.
      But Claudia grabbed my hand and shook it off. "I don't need your help." Then she turned to Toby and said, "We'll talk about you another day. It's inconvenient for him to be here." Claudia pointed at me. "Now all of you leave. Let me stay alone."
      "But..."
      Toby and I spoke almost at the same time. "What is it that I can't know?"
      "Get out!" Claudia was angry. Her eyes lit up with green flames. In order not to make her more disgusted, I could only leave her house with Toby.
      "What is it that I can't know?" Toby looked still in a daze, but I didn't care. I had to know what they were hiding from me.
      Toby didn't expect that I would talk to him. "Ah... What does it have to do with you? If Claudia doesn't want to tell you, I won't tell either."
      "Aren't you afraid that I will kill you?"
      "Come on, do you think I'm afraid of you?" Tsk, what a loyal puppy. If not for Claudia protecting him, I wouldn't have cared to use private torture. But looking at them, I could guess what was going on, so I planned to trick him.
      "Do you know why Claudia rejected you?" I asked Toby.
      "She didn't refuse me! She just didn't answer!" He blurted out.
      I knew it! The way this kid looked at Claudia made me uncomfortable. And I didn't understand why Claudia didn't refuse him. This made me sick of it again. I pulled Toby's collar and said, "Don't be delusional. She won't like you. Besides, she's mine. You'd better not be stupid enough to steal her from me."
      I had to say that he was much better than Neil. Although his hand that wanted to pull off my collar trembled slightly, his eyes still stared at me fiercely, just like a wolf protecting its food. I heard from Andre that he was the child of the White Claw pack's Alpha. No wonder he had the courage to pursue Claudia. I remembered my past, an illegitimate child without a father.
      "Hey, Isaac!" A guard next to Andre called me. I let go of his hand and Toby fell to the ground. The guard ran over and told me that Andre had something urgent to talk about with me.
      "You're lucky. There won't be the next time," I said to Toby, who was lying on the ground.
      Neil's POV
      By the time I arrived at the house, Andre was slumped in his leather reclining chair. He smelled so strongly of alcohol that I swore if he had specifically asked me to come and watch him get drunk. I would have sneakily punched him in the face.
      "You're here." He sat up from the chair.
      Fortunately, he looked sober. "What?" I had no patience for him.
      "It's all that bitch's fault. Our plan failed." He waved the bottle in his hand indignantly.
      "What did you say? What plan?"
      He glanced at me. "Forget it. Since the negotiation was unsuccessful, we should think of other ways." I motioned him to continue. "Aren't you very powerful? How about taking your men to kill the White Claw pack's Alpha?"
      "Are you crazy?" I looked at him incredulously. "Now we are in a state of armistice. And why should I go? You even don't let me participate in your usual combat meetings."
      Andre suddenly went berserk, and he threw the bottle to the ground. "We want victory! Not some bullshit peace talks!" He approached me, and the smell of alcohol on his body made my eyes hurt. "If you kill their Alpha, I will let you come back."
      "Ha! Do you think I care about this? You can find anyone else who wants this damn job. I won't do it anyway." I was about to leave, and he said.
      "I know you don't care, so I brought what you care about." He asked the guard to bring a woman tied up, whose head was covered in a black cloth bag.
      He put the woman in front of him, put his claws on the woman's neck, and then pulled off the cloth bag on the woman's head.
      "Mother"

###chapter 33
  Isaac's POV
      I knew that my mother had been under house arrest by Andre, but I never thought that he would dare to threaten me with my mother's life.
      "Are you going to kill your Luna? Your people will despise you because of this." I had never heard of any Alpha who would kill his Luna.
      "If I lose the war, they will despise me! If you sneak attack, I will let her go." His claws slowly extended.
      He wanted me to die. All of the pack's warriors had been defeated by the White Claw pack, not to mention that I only brought a small team to sneak attack. Taking a step back, even if I kill the White Claw pack's Alpha, he could directly betray me. There was no need to fight. He just needed to give me to the White Claw pack. This was a plan that had not failed for him. He saw that I was silent and penetrated my mother's skin with his claws.
      Blood slowly oozed out of my mother's neck. I absolutely would break Andre's hand. "Stop! I promise you, you let go of my mother first."
      "Don't think that I don't know what you are thinking." After Andre stopped, he still held my mother in front of him. He licked the blood on my mother's neck with his tongue. "As long as I let her go, you will rush up and kill me." He thought of me too darkly. In fact, I just wanted to let him be disabled.
      "If you can kill the White Claw pack's Alpha, I will let her go." The premise was that I could come back alive, and I could read his subtext.
      My mother looked at me with tears in her eyes. Her sealed mouth was crying. I didn't know what she was going to say to me, but I didn't expect her to show such an expression to me. Perhaps she also thought that I was on my way to death. I smiled at my mother. "Okay, I will kill their Alpha. You'd better keep your promise."
      Andre laughed loudly. He could finally solve his heart disease. "I promise."
      I didn't intend to bring anyone to die with me. At dawn, I sneaked into the edge of the White Claw pack alone. Their guards were very good. I used Caesar's keen sense of smell to avoid those traps and patrol soldiers.
      I hid behind a bush. As long as I bypassed the barbed wire in front of me, I could sneak into their pack. After this, things were much simpler. As long as I could find a one-on-one occasion with the Alpha, I was confident to kill him. But I smelled someone approaching me. I lay on the ground and waited for him to come over.
      The other party was also approaching carefully. Did someone discover me? I was already very cautious. It seemed that there was going to be a change in the plan. I held my breath and focused all my attention on the wolf's senses. Just as the other party's hand reached out to the bushes, I covered his mouth and locked his two hands behind his back. Then I used my weight to press him to the ground.
      I tied him up, thinking that it was better to stun him or kill him directly. The other party began to struggle violently. I was very curious that he could find my trace. Then I saw the other party through the faint light in the distance. It was a face that I absolutely did not want to see now.
      Toby's POV
      Claudia gave me a list of things she wanted me to go back to the White Claw pack to retrieve what she needed. I highly doubted that she was just trying to send me away. After that confession, she came to see me alone. She rejected me in the most polite terms. I was sad, but she still didn't like anyone. This proved that I still had a chance. I was not someone who would give up easily, and one day I would make her fall in love with me.
      When I was about to reach our pack, I felt that there was someone I was very familiar with nearby. It was the call of the wolf blood. I followed this feeling, but I felt more and more wrong because I felt a familiar aura. It was an aura that I had never felt from anyone else. It was a hair-raising aura.
      I slowly approached the strange bush, but before I could react, a hand covered my mouth and pressed me to the ground with a huge force.
      "Why is it you?" Isaac was very surprised when he saw my face. I wanted to ask him what he was doing here secretly. But my mouth was blocked, so I could only use my eyes to protest him.
      Isaac looked at me and fell silent. I swore that his expression was thinking about where to dump my corpse after killing me. The closer I got to Isaac, the more I could feel the familiar blood in his body.
      "Tell him." My wolf talked to me in my mind. "You are related by blood."
      "Then why can't he feel it?"
      "Because he has never established a spiritual link with us." "Indeed, this is our family tradition. Werewolves with the same blood as us could establish a spiritual link with our wolves. I tried to shout to Isaac in my mind.
      "What did you say?" Isaac looked at me, but he realized that I did not open my mouth at all. "What happened?"
      The words in my mind did not pass because he was still in a closed state. I could only struggle and signal him to untie the strip of cloth tied to my mouth.
      Isaac warned me, "I will let go of you. If you want to scream or run away, I will cut your throat before you speak." He gestured his claws in front of me.
      I nodded helplessly. He finally let go of me.
      "Why can you speak in my mind?" Isaac asked me.
      "That's called Spiritual Link. It's a unique skill of our family." I could only continue, "I don't know why you have our family's blood, but it proves that you are not Alpha Andre's child."
      Isaac glared at me as if I had exposed his biggest secret, but he still cared more about his identity, so he couldn't wait to ask me about our family.
      In fact, I had already guessed it. I told him that we were the only family who had the blood. The only werewolves who could establish a link were my father and my siblings. But my father was with my mother as soon as he became an adult. He couldn't have other children. Most likely, before my father became Alpha, the White Claw pack's Alpha was my father's cousin. He could also establish a link with us. But in the war that almost wiped us out, the previous Alpha died on the battlefield in order to protect us. But he didn't leave a child before he died.
      After listening to my statement, Isaac fell into deep thought. He seemed to be in a hurry to go back, and I immediately pulled him back. "What are you doing secretly beside our pack?"
      "It's none of your business. Also, you better not tell anyone about what happened today, including Claudia." He didn't tell me why he came to our pack, but I felt that I had saved many lives just now.

###chapter 34
  Isaac's POV
      I didn't know how much my mother had hidden from me. But this time, she couldn't use silence to deal with me. It was hard to say if this was due to fate. I was almost about to start a war with the White Claw pack. Toby reminded me. This made me immediately cancel the idea of attacking the White Claw pack. I couldn't do anything that would make me regret.
      I bypassed Andre's guards. He must have locked my mother in the basement. This pervert liked to torture people. When my mother was held hostage by Andre, her face was full of fatigue I had never seen before.
      There were two guards standing in front of the basement door. I stunned them and opened the basement door with the key.
      When my mother saw my face, she grabbed my hand in a panic. "Did you kill them? Did you kill the White Claw pack's people?"
      I calmed her down. "Don't worry, I didn't kill anyone." I helped her sit on the bed. "Now you should tell me the truth. Why do you care so much about the White Claw pack's people? Who is my biological father?"
      My mother looked at me. It was difficult for her to tell me what happened in the past. I told her about the conversation between me and Toby, about the spiritual link and bloodline. She hesitated for a long time before slowly speaking. "Twenty years ago, White Claw pack was almost exterminated by Crimson Shadow pack."
      I knew this. Otherwise, Andre wouldn't have ignored my warning. He really thought that the White Claw pack's people were dead.
      "Your biological father is White Claw pack's Alpha, died on the battlefield in order to protect the rest of us." When she talked about my father, her eyes were gentle that I had never seen before.
      "But Toby told me that Alpha didn't have a child at that time?"
      My mother nodded. "Because I was pregnant at that time. I went around the battlefield to escape to my mother's pack, but I was caught by Crimson Shadow pack's people on the way."
      "Let me guess, the person who caught you was Andre."
      "That's right." Mother said, "He took a fancy to my beauty at first glance. He told me that he wanted me to be his mate. At that time, Andre was not Alpha."
      At the mention of Andre, a bitter expression appeared on her face. She paused for a while and continued, "I should have died with my Alpha, but I was still pregnant with you, my child, and the child of the person I loved most." Mother caressed my face. "I told Andre that as long as he could keep you and raise you like his son, I would agree to marry him."
      My mother's face was full of tears. I had never seen her cry since I was a child. In my memory, my mother always had a cold expression, including quarreling with Andre. She behaved like a strong she-wolf. But this she-wolf was extremely fragile now. She said to me, "I'm sorry. I know I haven't been able to give you much love since you were young. Because I can always remember your father when I look at you. All these years, I have always regarded you as a shackle that bound me, but you are clearly the last gift your father left me." My mother buried her face in her knees and cried.
      I hugged her gently. I didn't know that my mother had done so much for me. She had never been as gentle and kind to me as other mothers, but I could feel true love from her. "It doesn't matter, mother. I will always be your child."
      "Oh, by the way, there's one more thing I didn't tell you." She wiped her tears and was about to speak when Andre barged in with his guards. It seemed that the guard who was stunned by me at the door woke up.
      "Look at who this is? I thought you went to kill White Claw pack's Alpha."
      Andre approached me and my mother. I protected my mother behind me. "I won't kill him, and you can't even touch a hair on my mother."
      "Are you going to disobey my orders?" Andre waved, and his guards gathered around me and my mother.
      I really had enough of this person in front of me. If he hadn't attacked my mother, I would still have had a little respect for him. But now it was clear that he was going to get rid of me and my mother. "Do you think only these people can catch me?"
      Andre pulled out a water silver gun from his sleeve and aimed it at my head. "They can't catch you, but it can." The water silver gun could perfectly contain the werewolf's self-healing ability. He was really prepared well.
      But he still underestimated me. It was not the first time that I was pointed at my head with a water silver gun. The moment he pulled the trigger, I turned into a wolf. I rushed to him at a speed that he did not realize. I kicked the gun in his hand and then crushed it with my claws.
      Andre covered his hand that was injured by my kick. "Are you going to resist your Alpha? You traitor!"
      "It was you who broke the rules first! It was you who wanted to kill your Luna, and it was you who wanted to break the peace talks." I wouldn't listen to his nonsense. He couldn't hurt my mother.
      I helped my mother out. Andre shouted to the guards, "Stop him! Don't let him go out!" But no one dared to move. They didn't see my movements clearly. They saw the huge difference in strength, and they didn't dare to approach me at all.
      I sent my mother back to my room. My people will protect her. When I left the room, my mother said to me, "You don't have to doubt yourself. You are Alpha's child. And your father is the strongest Alpha I have ever seen." I knew my mother's expectations of me. She wanted me to replace Andre as the next Alpha.
      It was easy for me to kill Andre. However, for the Crimson Shadow pack, I was not the legitimate heir. Neil was the one. As for my biological father's pack, the White Claw pack, now they were our enemies. Although I knew about my past, all of this was too chaotic, and my emotions began to stir restlessly. I missed Claudia too much. I missed the fragrance of the flowers and fruits on her soft body. Only by hugging her and smelling the scent on her body could I calm my emotions.

###chapter 35
  Claudia's POV
      I sat frozen in front of the mirror and tried to empty my mind. Even if not as a slave, life here was not easy. Today I had a hard time sending Toby away and was finally able to enjoy some peace and quiet. Toby was good, he was like a little dancing flame. It's always a pleasure to have someone like that around. But my heart had closed up and I couldn't accept his affection.
      Even though more than a year had passed, I still looked at my face in a trance. I rolled up my long silver hair and prepared to take a bath. When I wrapped myself in a bath towel, there was a rapid knock on the door.
      I opened the door and saw Isaac's face. Without any hesitation, I slammed the door in his face.
      Isaac reacted quickly and grabbed the door frame. "Let me in. Please."
      Did he just say" please "to me? I had never heard this word from him. However, there was something wrong with Isaac today. The dangerous aura on his body was restrained a lot. His good-looking eyebrows wrinkled, and his eyes were full of lingering melancholy.
      I did not intend to compete with him in strength. I let him in. Unexpectedly, as soon as I turned around, Isaac hugged me from behind.
      "Let me go!" I tried to break away from him.
      "Just let me hug you for a while, okay?" His two strong arms locked me in his arms.
      I bit his hand hard with my teeth before he let me go. I regretted that I shouldn't have let him in from the beginning.
      "Get out." I pointed at the door. How dare he do this to me?
      "Don't be so cold to me. You will smile at Toby."
      "I am cold to you? Do you remember how you treated me two years ago?" I looked at him. "Let me remind you, you f*ck with Fiona in front of me!" My voice trembled when I said this. I did not know whether I was angry or sad.
      During the past two years, I had been telling myself that I had forgotten everything about the past. After the test of life and death, I had trained myself to be an emotionless person, including this time when I came back. I didn't want to have any more entanglement with Isaac, but I didn't expect that after two years, I would still have a breakdown when I saw him. My heart had always been naked in front of him. He could use a dagger to scratch it.
      "That was a mistake!" Isaac raised his voice. "I never thought of hurting you. It was all a play."
      I didn't want to hear his voice or see him. "Do you think I will still be like how I was two years ago, fooled by you like a fool?"
      "Please believe me. Everything I did was to protect you." Isaac held my shoulder and looked at me sincerely. I read his thoughts. He was indeed telling the truth. "I had never liked other women. When I hugged Fiona, I only felt disgusted. But I did all this to deceive other people. I could not let Luna know that I loved you. Otherwise, you would be killed by her."
      "Even if what you said was the truth, it could not save me from harm." He said that he loved me, and my breathing stopped for a second. Two years ago, did he love me? I saw the silver ring in his hand. It was a relic that I had given him! I did not expect him to always wear this ring. It was my most precious thing.
      "I know. I don't beg for your forgiveness. I just hope you don't leave me again." Isaac hugged my waist and kissed my side face. "I have been looking for you for two years, but there is no trace of you. So when I saw you again, I felt it was the answer to my prayers from the Moon Goddess."
      Isaac's deep voice hit my eardrums, and I couldn't push him away. He held me in his arms with both hands, then lowered his head, and our lips got closer and closer. Isaac pushed my teeth away. I retreated because of his fierce attack until he pressed me against the wall. My thoughts were in chaos. I saw Isaac's eyes slowly turn red. His wolf was fighting with him for control. His hand reached into my bathrobe. Enough, it shouldn't be like this. I bit down hard on Isaac's tongue. When he let go of me, his thin lips were stained with a dazzling bright red.
      "We are just strangers now. Don't do this again in the future." I warned Isaac. His eyes finally became the golden brown color I was familiar with.
      Isaac looked at me with disappointment. I avoided his eyes. Even if no one was wrong at that time. We had loved each other, but that was only the past. Now we had all changed. I knew he was telling the truth, but I would no longer trust him. Our relationship was like a broken porcelain plate. Even if it was repaired, the crack would always be there.
      Isaac wiped the blood off his lips with his thumb. "I won't force you."
      "Now, leave." I needed to be alone now to deal with the tension he brought me.
      After I drove Isaac away, a sense of emptiness instantly surged into my heart. Nicole howled in my mind with dissatisfaction. I didn't know why, but I could also feel Caesar's restlessness. There was always a connection between us. Even after dissolved the relationship, I grabbed my wrist until my nails pierced my skin. Didn't think about him. We had no relationship for a long time.
      Isaac's POV
      A stranger? I grabbed my hair. How could I treat Claudia as a stranger? Even with this brief contact just now, I could calm down by her side.
      I couldn't help but kiss her by her side. It might be too much for her, but I was not satisfied. Caesar wanted to pounce on her just now. I could only lock him back to the depths of my consciousness. Now he could come out.
      "You should stay there!" Caesar roared. He was very dissatisfied with my way of handling things about Claudia.
      "I hurt her too much. She needs time to recover." I pressed my chest. It was full of anxiety and uneasiness. But now we still had time.

###chapter 36
  Claudia's POV
      When I was still immersed in my sleep, a loud noise from the collision woke me up. I put on a loose shirt and walked out of the room, looking for the source of the noise.
      "Oh, you are awake! Sorry." Toby looked at me pitifully. "I just wanted to make breakfast for you."
      "I thought you were going to blow up the kitchen. As a werewolf, you are really not dexterous."
      "Hey! What does this have to do with me being a werewolf? Some people are not suitable for cooking." He cleaned up the mess on the stove.
      "If you are dexterous enough, you won't let them fall to the ground." I squatted down and picked up the pot and shovel that had fallen on the ground.
      I could feel Toby's gaze on me. "What are you looking at?"
      Toby shifted his gaze away. "No." He blushed.
      "All right." I leaned against the marble table to adjust the coffee machine and then crossed my legs. The hem of my shirt could only cover the roots of my thighs. "Looks like I won't have breakfast today."
      Toby wanted to see but dared not look at me. He grabbed his wallet and rushed out the door. "I will buy it."
      I shouted at his back, "I want croissant! Hot from the oven!" When he slammed the door, I couldn't help laughing. God, teasing him was the most interesting thing in the world.
      I spent a day reading books at home until the sun went down. Toby just came back from outside. "You won't be sitting here all day today, right?"
      "Is there a problem?" I picked up the teacup on the table.
      "You are like an old woman now. Let's go out and have fun." His face seemed to be plated with gold under the setting sun.
      "Aren't you tired?" Although he was not dexterous enough, I had to say that his physical strength completely surpassed most werewolves.
      "No." He pulled me up from the chair. "Come on! We haven't gone out to play for a long time."
      I couldn't help it. I still couldn't resist Toby's dog eye attack. As expected of the youngest child in the family, he really knew how to act spoiled.
      "So, this is the 'fun' you were talking about?" Toby brought me to a popular bar. It was the kind of bar where the security guard at the door looked at people with his nostrils.
      "That's right." I could smell his excitement. "When you came in, all of them were looking at you."
      Not everyone. I was too lazy to refute him, and a group of girls couldn't move their eyes away from him the moment he came in.
      But since I was here, so be it. "Toby greeted the bartender skillfully.
      "Well, you are a regular here?" I asked him.
      "Of course." He pointed to the outside and said proudly, "Do you see the people lining up outside? Thanks to me, we can come in."
      "Oh, wait a minute." He waved to a table in the corner. "I'll be back soon."
      He was like a busy bee. Toby could always make friends quickly, even if he was in a hostile pack. I waved to the bartender. "A glass of Margaret, thank you."
      A man walked behind me. He smelled of disinfectant mixed with ancient dragon water. "Hey, beauty. Can I buy you a glass?" He slowly approached me as he spoke, and then put his hand on my chair. I had begun to calculate how much strength I could use to dislocate his shoulder.
      "I'm sorry. She already has a partner." Toby wrapped his arm around my shoulder and pulled me over to him. He tilted his head and smiled at the man. "She's mine."
      "Excuse me. Who do you think she belongs to?" a low male voice I was familiar with said.
      Isaac's voice caused a small wave of exclamations in the crowd. He was only wearing a simple black shirt tonight. The second button was unbuttoned to the collar. The muscles on his chest made the shirt look good. The sleeves were rolled up to the forearm, making him look casual and elegant.
      'He's really sexy.' I praised in my mind.
      'Exactly.' Nicole appeared out of nowhere.
      Isaac's POV
      "That shop is amazing. Wine and music. Most importantly, beautiful girls." Bill said. "Come, Isaac. Join us."
      I smiled and shook my head. Bill was the rouge I met outside the pack. Now he was a member of my team. When I met him in the wild, he was already dying.
      I was still hesitating whether I should save him because, in a place like the wilderness, the stories of farmers and snakes had happened too many times. Usually, this kind of person would beg me to save him, but Bill's attitude towards me was absolutely not pleading.
      He said to me. "If you save me, I will help you kill people. Don't ask me to do anything else. I don't know anything other than killing people." This was good. I saved his life.
      It had to be said that Bill's performance on the battlefield was like a mad dog. So I was very glad that he was my man.
      I had no time and was not in the mood to play during the past two years. I said to them, "Forget it, you go. I have something to do."
      "Don't be a killjoy, Isaac. You never go out with us."
      "Yeah, just come with us. All you have to do is stand there and the girls will be drawn to you." The team members began to jeer.
      They looked at me with pitiful eyes as if I could decide their sex life tonight. "Alright, alright." I could not bear such a serious accusation.
      Then when I saw Claudia, I was very glad that I had come here tonight. She looked great tonight, and all the women looked at her with resentment. Of course, because she was there, the men would not look at others. She tied up her silver-white hair high. The white-gold suspenders merged with her dazzling skin, and the black cowhide skirt wrapped her perky buttocks.
      The man beside me also saw Claudia at a glance. They whispered to me. "Did you see that?"
      "That witch? Buddy, she's so sexy!"
      "Look, someone went to hit on her." The man put his hand on Claudia's chair. I remembered him, the man in a tight vest.
      "He's going to suffer. That's a witch."
      I was going to teach the man a lesson when I saw Toby holding Claudia's shoulder and provoking the man. Did he forget my warning? I went straight to them.
      "Excuse me, who do you think she belongs to?"
      "She's mine. Is there a problem?" Toby stood in front of Claudia.
      I saw Claudia punch Toby's back. Her movements were secret, but her strength was not small. "Who is yours?"
      Toby's smile disappeared because of this punch. He resisted the urge to cry out. I only felt it was funny. I looked at Claudia. "I thought you did not like this kind of place."
      "Don't talk as if you know me very well." Claudia sat back in her chair with her back to me.
      "I used to know, but I may not know now." I leaned against the bar and looked at her. "But there are some things that will never change."
      Claudia did not speak. Toby stood between us. "Don't bother her."
      "Shut up, both of you." Claudia held her forehead. "If you want to quarrel, I will leave immediately."
      'It's all your fault!' Toby shouted in my head.
      'Get out of my head!' This damn spiritual link, how could I be related to such a troublesome boy?
      'You make her angry. She's never been so mad with me.'
      Very good. He didn't listen to me at all. 'You're annoying, boy. This is our business.'
      'Don't call me boy, you gloomy, ferocious monster.'
      'Oh, sorry, did I scare you before?'
      "Okay, enough. What are you doing now? It's too strange." Claudia frowned and looked at us.
      I forgot that to Claudia, Toby and I just stared at each other and didn't say anything. It was really quite bizarre." Nothing." I wasn't going to tell Claudia about my birth yet, not just yet.
      'Coward.' Toby's voice sounded in my mind. If not for our blood relationship, I would really kill him.
      When I smelled the familiar perfume, Claudia and I looked at each other at the same time. It seemed that she also smelled it. Immediately my mood fell to the bottom, and Claudia's expression became cold.
      "What festival is it today? All the obnoxious guys are gathered together." Fiona fiddled with her rhinestone-encrusted nails through her hair. She wrapped her arms around Neil, her breasts pressed against Neil's body.

###chapter 37
  Neil's POV
      My father smashed everything he could see as soon as he returned home. He muttered, "Bastard, damn fool!"
      I stopped him quickly. "Calm down. What happened?" My father held his hand in front of my eyes. Although the wound was about to heal, there was still a scratch.
      "Isaac is a traitor. He disobeyed my orders and tried to hurt me." Isaac actually attacked our father. Was he crazy?
      I wanted to know what had happened. I asked my father, "What order? What are you talking about?"
      But father did not answer me. He only said, "He kidnapped your mother! He put Victoria by his side and did not let anyone get close."
      "Why did he do that?"
      "Don't you understand? Think with your brain! Because he wants to replace me! This son of a bitch." Our father was panting with anger.
      "Then what about mother? Can I still see her?"
      Our father looked at me with contempt. "Don't mention that bitch. She abandoned us! She is with Isaac."
      What?! I knew that our mother had a near-paranoia about Isaac being Alpha. So when she was put under house arrest because she resisted the change of the heir, I didn't go to see her because I knew what she would say after seeing me.
      "Neil, you are not suitable to be Alpha. Neil, it is better for you to give your position to your elder brother." She would definitely say that. I was also her son, why couldn't she pay more attention to me?
      When Isaac had just reached adulthood, our mother had spent a lot of effort preparing a grand ball for him. She had invited many of the pack's young ladies just to let Isaac choose his mate. But when I was an adult, she only held a small party at home. My mate was not important because I was not Alpha. She was always biased towards Isaac, so I was not surprised at all that she had made this choice.
      "Then what should we do?" I asked our father.
      "Kill them, kill all of them, including that damned witch." our father's eyes were bloodshot, and he was so angry that his mind was no longer clear.
      Even if he really intended to kill everyone, I would save Claudia. Claudia was going to become my mate. I would not kill her. When I became Alpha, she would be my Luna.
      I tried to calm our father. "Calm down, father! We need a detailed plan. They are not so easy to kill."
      Father touched his forehead with mine. "Oh, Neil! I knew only you would support me."
      "Not only me but Uncle Gordon as well as your guards." Beta Gordon had always been our father's left and right hands.
      "Yes, yes! I still have them." Father let go of me. "I wanted to discuss something with Gordon." He left the house with his guards.
      I had been searching for information about Isaac in our pack these days. If he wanted to fight us, we must know his weakness.
      But his men kept their mouths shut, and I couldn't find any useful information.
      At this time, Fiona suddenly came to me. I asked her, "What are you doing here?"
      "Of course, I'm waiting for you." Fiona came up and grabbed my arm. "Come and play with me!"
      I hated her flattering me, but I needed Beta's support now. "Alright, I'll go with you. Where do you want to go?"
      Fiona took me to a bar with many people. I rarely came to such a noisy place. It annoyed me. Fortunately, I saw Claudia in the crowd at a glance. Unfortunately, there were two annoying men standing beside her. Isaac was extremely annoying.
      "What festival is it today? All the annoying guys are gathered together."
      Fiona was the first to attack. Interestingly enough, she didn't seem to like Isaac at all since my father announced me as the future Alpha. I knew what she was thinking. She had "I want to be Luna" written all over her face.
      My Luna was impossible, and it would never be her. But before I become Alpha, she could still be used. Fiona automatically divided Isaac into the 'annoying person' type. Now she looked at Isaac with eyes full of disdain.
      Isaac ignored Fiona. He continued to talk to Claudia. In my heart, my contempt for Isaac rose again. Did he think he could steal my Luna? Or did he think he would become Alpha? Didn't think about it. With his team made up of savages, how would he deal with my father and Beta's team?
      I decided to break the arrogance on his face. I said to him. "Elder brother, long time no see. The recent negotiations are really good for you. It seems that you don't have to go to the wilderness to pick up trash." I pointed to his so-called 'team members'.
      "Watch your words! These 'trash' can strangle you with one hand."
      Claudia looked at us with her hands on her face. Her eyes were full of interest. I didn't want to lose face in front of her. "Are you implying something? Traitor, don't think I don't know about mother."
      "You still have the face to mention mother! Where were you when she was tortured by Andre?"
      "What torture? That was just house arrest."
      "Listen to what you are saying!" Isaac clapped his hand on the bar counter, and that terrifying aura appeared on his body again. His eyes turned red. Damn it, he didn't want to shift here, right?
      "What are you doing? I am the future Alpha!" I shouted, telling myself not to be too afraid.
      But Isaac immediately returned to normal. "It seems that you know very well." He mocked me. "You are not Alpha yet."
      "You...!"
      The sound of glass shattering suddenly came from Claudia. We looked back together.
      Claudia's POV
      In my impression, the relationship between Isaac and Neil was good. I didn't expect them to be so stiff now. Their current problem might be related to the choice of the heir. I didn't expect Andre to want Neil to be Alpha at the moment. I heard that Isaac was punished for a mistake and lost his position as the heir.
      It had been two years. Many things had changed, but there were indeed some things that would never change, such as the woman in front of me. She was still wearing the sharp high-heeled shoes, and her chest was almost squeezed out of the collar.
      Fiona looked up and down at Toby, then turned to me and said, "There are still so many men around you, slut."
      "Be respectful, miss." The blood vessels on Toby's arm were bulging. His good upbringing made him endure not to attack women unless the other party was a bitch.
      I patted Toby on the shoulder and whispered in his ear. "I'll deal with her." Only then did Toby stand to the side with his arms crossed.
      I walked up to Fiona with a glass of wine and said, "You still dare to provoke me?"
      "Ridiculous. Did I provoke you? I was just here to play. I didn't expect to meet a freak gathering."
      "Do you still remember being tied up by me to the cliff? The one who was so scared that she almost peed her pants was not me."
      Fiona's face turned red because of anger. "It was all because you wanted to seduce Neil, and you also wanted to hurt my friends." Her heels kept hitting the floor, and the sound was very harsh.
      So I threw the glass in my hand at Fiona's feet. "Sorry, it's so heavy." Blue liquid fell on Fiona's shoes.
      "Oh my god! This is CL's latest model. I will kill you." She raised her hand and wanted to hit me.
      "An unwise choice." I twisted her arm and pressed her hand behind my back.
      "Let me go!" Fiona's face turned purple from red. She asked Neil for help, but Neil did not dare to move under Isaac's gaze. I let go of Fiona's hand and she threw herself into Neil's arms. "This vicious woman, my shoulder is injured."
      Everyone present looked at them. "Shut up!" Neil left Fiona and left in a sorry state. Fiona chased after Neil while feeling sorry for her new shoes.

###chapter 38
  Claudia's POV
      "What a stupid fool!" Isaac rolled his eyes.
      "Hahaha! Do you see her face? I think she's going to explode." Toby laughed from the side. Neil and Fiona did bring us a lot of jokes, so Toby and Isaac reached a rare consensus.
      After a few rounds of wine, the atmosphere between us was unprecedentedly harmonious. Toby asked the bartender to put all his stock in the store. We drank for a long time. When my vision began to blur, I seemed to see that Isaac had secretly mixed Toby's cup with strong alcohol. Toby immediately fell drunk on the sofa.
      "What a child. I thought he could drink a lot." Isaac looked at Toby with disdain.
      "Actually, he can drink a lot. As long as you don't secretly pour him vodka."
      "Oh, you saw it. I thought I did it secretly." Isaac leaned close to me and my face began to heat up.
      "Tell me, what do you want to say to me if you make him drunk?"
      Isaac's tone was full of nostalgia. "Do you remember the past? Neil never dared to talk to me like this."
      "Are you sure it's not because you, the elder brother, are too fierce?"
      "I'm very nice to him."
      "But Neil has indeed changed. He helped me for a while. Although I don't know why, I am very grateful to him."
      "I remember at that time. I begged him to help you."
      "It was you?! Why?"
      "Oh..." Isaac pressed his temples and recalled, "Because I couldn't protect you directly." I looked into his eyes. He was not joking. He was telling the truth. Why had he never told me?
      I couldn't figure it out and immediately changed the topic. "And Fiona, she always stayed by your side and scared away all the girls around you."
      "Yes, her voice was too loud. Caesar complained to me that he was going deaf."
      "Then why did you let her pester you?" I asked without thinking.
      "Because she is Beta's daughter, and I have been friends with her since I was a child. She was not as mean as she is now." He looked at me. "Wait, are you jealous?"
      "Perhaps." My brain was soaked with alcohol to say such things.
      "Claudia..." Isaac held my face. "I love you, you know." He kissed me. I could feel that he was gently biting my lips and then wrapping our tongues together. The breath we were holding was the smell of alcohol, hot and charming. Isaac's hand was groping behind my back. He stroked my back, then my waist, and then down. I put my hand on his chest. I could touch his hard and warm muscles and hear his heartbeat.
      "Hey, we're closing the door!" The bartender called us at the door. "You can go home and continue." He pointed to Toby on the sofa. "Remember to take him."
      "Damn it!" A low growl came from Isaac's throat. He hated being interrupted. I suddenly woke up a little. God, what was I doing? But I didn't let Isaac see my panic.
      "Help me." I pointed to Toby on the sofa. "This is your fault, and I can't carry him." Isaac gave me a resentful look.
      Isaac threw Toby on the bed in the room downstairs. He complained to me. "I didn't even know you were living together."
      "He is my assistant. It's more convenient to live together."
      "He didn't do anything to you, did he?"
      "What are you thinking? He is my younger brother." In my opinion, it was like this.
      Isaac seemed to have heard what I was thinking. "Alright, he doesn't think so."
      After a strange silence, "So, are you going back now?" I asked Isaac.
      "I sent you such a thing home." He gesticulated exaggeratedly. "Are you going to drive me out like this?"
      "Well, sofa. Or you can sleep with Toby."
      "Don't be so cruel." Isaac's low voice beat my heart. "As long as you don't want to, I won't touch you. Let me accompany you, just like before."
      The reason I made this decision was mainly because of alcohol. Nicole kept saying in my head, 'Let him stay!'
      "All right." Before I could finish my words, Isaac held me horizontally. "Hey! Who let you be like this! Put me down."
      "Shh, it's time to sleep."
      Isaac gently placed me on the bed, and he laid beside me. I smelled the familiar scent of cedar again, which soothed my nerves. I unconsciously leaned close to him, hugged his waist, and buried my face in his chest. Isaac gently passed his hand through my hair, and I fell asleep with his gentle movements.
      When I woke up, Isaac was still asleep. His eyes were covered by the shadow of his eyebrows in the early morning sun. I carefully touched his eyebrows and combed his beautiful eyebrows with my fingers.
      Then I saw a pair of golden-brown eyes. "Got you!" Isaac looked at me with a playful smile. He grabbed my hand that stopped on his face. My face suddenly turned red. I wanted to withdraw my hand, but he put my hand to his lips and kissed it.
      "Okay, stop!" I pushed him off the bed. "You should go, or it will be difficult to explain if you are seen."
      "I have nothing to explain."
      I continued to push him. "I have."
      "You are not afraid of that boy misunderstanding, are you?" He was talking about Toby. To be honest, I was a little worried. In fact, I didn't want anyone to misunderstand.
      "Anyway, you should leave quickly." I pushed Isaac downstairs, but Toby's door opened at this time.
      "What are you doing here?" Toby looked at me and then looked at Isaac. "What did you two do last night"
      "Toby! Don't be so loud." He was so loud that the people around would know that we slept together last night. I sincerely said to Toby, "No. Nothing happened." The agitated mood and the dizziness of the hangover came to me.
      "Why are you explaining it to him?" Oh God, they were about to start again.
      "Well, hurry up and leave." I pushed Isaac towards the door.
      "He saw me. Why should I leave? Wait for me to finish breakfast." Isaac was so calm that it made me angry.
      "Get out of my house!" Toby continued to shout at Isaac.
      "I don't think this is your house. This is our pack."
      Okay, okay. My head was blown up by the hangover and their noise at the same time. I felt like I was going to vomit." Alright, you two! Stop arguing. "I pointed at Isaac. "You, leave quickly after breakfast." I covered my mouth and ran to the toilet.
      "Here you go." Toby handed me a cup of water. "It helps with a hangover."
      I drank all the water in the cup in one go. Toby looked at me in surprise. "Are you all right? Actually, you don't have to drink so fast."
      "It smells so good." I smelled the smell of butter.
      "Yes." Toby's face was full of disgust. "That bastard is making breakfast."
      I didn't expect this. I went to the kitchen and saw Isaac busy in front of the stove. Isaac knew I was coming. He shoveled the food into the pot and put it on the plate. Then he slid the plate from the end of the table in front of me.
      "Have a taste." Isaac continued to look back.
      "He shows off again!" Toby whispered in a voice that everyone could hear.
      "If you say another word, eat the air." Isaac said with his back to us.
      Toby swallowed his saliva and opened his mouth but could not say anything else.
      "I am very happy to see you two get along well." I cut open the toast on the plate with a knife, and the crispy outer skin of the toast made a tempting sound. Isaac should have wrapped the toast with egg fluid and then fried it with butter.
      "This is delicious. I didn't expect you to make this."
      Isaac slammed the plate in front of Toby, who protested. "Hey!" Isaac sat beside me with his own plate and said, "If you live with me, I will give you more surprises."
      "Dream on. I won't live with you just because of breakfast."
      Isaac said without a trace of emotion on his face. "I can help you warm the bed." Poor Toby choked on the milk after hearing this.
      "Don't be too narcissistic." I put down the knife and fork in my hand and was ready to leave the table.
      Isaac grabbed me, who was getting up. I lost my balance and fell on him. He said, "I only do this to you."
      "Take your hand away from her!" Toby grabbed my left arm and tried to pull me out of Isaac's arms.
      "No." Isaac held my waist with one hand, and his other hand was still using a fork to insert a piece of vomit.
      As the two of them pulled, my head hurt again. I shouted in my heart, 'Moon Goddess, save me. I don't want to spit out the breakfast I just ate.'

###chapter 39
  Claudia's POV
I smelled a cold and damp smell. 
When I opened the curtains, it was indeed drizzling outside. I looked at the alarm clock at the bedside. It was already six in the morning. 
Last night, I searched for information about my parents all night. One of the records caught my attention. My parents were executed not long after the Crimson Shadow pack's last Alpha died. In other words, Andre killed them as soon as he became the Alpha. 
At that time, they were still in the war and my parents were guilty of colluding with the enemy. However, there was no evidence that they had contact with the enemy pack. The death of my parents was definitely related to Andre. But I didn't have time to think about this now. 
Today was the second negotiation. I didn't know what was waiting for me.
Toby and I walked into the conference room. The Crimson Shadow pack's people had all arrived. Isaac sat in the corner with a cold face. When he saw me, his expression loosened a little.
Andre cleared his throat and motioned for everyone to look at him. &quot;We all had a small misunderstanding last time during the negotiation, which made everyone unhappy. But it won't happen this time. Our pack has shown all our sincerity.&quot;
A small misunderstanding? He really dared to say that if I hadn't seen through his plot, he would have killed the White Claw pack in a sneak attack. I didn't believe that he would talk to us honestly this time.
I showed him a perfect fake smile. &quot;This is the best.&quot; This kind of play made me sick.
Andre asked the secretary to give me the new agreement. He said, &quot;What is the source of our pack's economy? I believe everyone has heard of it. Yes, it's mineral. There is a mineral in the south of our pack. We have never mined it before. That is the compensation I promised to the White Claw pack.&quot;
I checked the agreement in my hand. Crimson Shadow pack's minerals could often produce rare metals. This was why Andre was a useless Alpha. However, his pack had always been very powerful. The mineral resources were very precious. But I did not believe that Andre would give us his lifeline.
I looked into Andre's eyes and read his thoughts. 'Accept it and mine it. You will only send your laborers to their deaths in batches.'
What did he mean? I thought about it carefully. Andre could not keep this large mineral vein as a decoration. Although he knew that the labor worker who went to mine would die, he did not care about the lives of the servants. He would force the labor worker to dig out the gold for him in the last second before he died.
So the people who went to mine would not only die, but they would also cause greater losses. I had a great curiosity about this mine, and in order to expose Andre's true face, I accepted his conditions first.
&quot;This is a very good condition.&quot; I tapped the paper with my fingers, &quot;I will discuss with the White Claw pack's Alpha, and then decide whether they will sign this agreement. Please wait for a few days.&quot;
&quot;Of course!&quot; Andre readily agreed. 'This stupid bitch, she is as annoying as her parents.'
My eyes turned cold. When I found out the real reason for my parents' death, Andre would pay for everything he had done. I swore to Moon Goddess.
When we got home, Toby had already started to pack up his things. &quot;Wait!&quot; I stopped him.
&quot;What? Aren't we going back and let my father sign the agreement?&quot;
&quot;It's not time yet. We have to go to the mine first.&quot;
&quot;Mine? Is there a problem?&quot;
&quot;Just in case, I am afraid that Andre will play tricks.&quot;
&quot;Yes, he is a cunning old fox.&quot; Toby was very accurate in this regard.
Before Toby and I went to the mine, I asked the family of some missing miners. They all told me that since the miners went to the southern mine, they seemed to have become a different person.
 They disappeared after working in the mine for a few days. Although this kind of thing was very strange, I had seen it before. Was it because of some curse in the mine? If it was just a curse, I could try to use the ability of a witch to lift the curse.
The mine looked barely mined, and the cave was surrounded by wasteland and woods. I asked Toby to search the woods. I went into the mine to take a look and there was nothing inside in the dark. 
There was no sign of people or animals. I also did not feel any signs of magic use from here. On the surface, there was nothing wrong with this mine. Where did the missing miners go?
I walked out of the mine, but I felt a little strange. Was it too quiet here?
&quot;Hey, Claudia. I think you will want to see this.&quot; Toby panted. He had just run from the depths of the woods.
There was a big pit in the middle of the forest. There were many corpses of humans and animals. It was strange that I could not smell anything.
&quot;This is strange.&quot; I was puzzled.
&quot;This is disgusting! Is the first thing you thought of when you saw this scene strange?&quot; Toby looked like he was going to vomit.
&quot;They looked like they had died for a long time, but they did not stink.&quot; I approached the big pit. &quot;Look at their skin, there are purple marks on them.&quot;
&quot;Really? What's the reason?&quot;
&quot;I don't know. I've never seen this kind of death.&quot;
Toby wanted to see the marks clearly. He reached out his hand. &quot;Don't touch!&quot; I shouted at him.
He immediately retracted his hand. &quot;You scared me to death.&quot;
&quot;Look around, there are no creatures. The ground under their bodies is bare without any weeds, and some animals have died next to them. They must have eaten the flesh on the bodies.&quot;
&quot;So this mark is contagious?&quot; He tilted his head and asked me.
&quot;Yes, we'd better be careful.&quot;
I was going to take the samples of the bodies back to study, and a corpse in the pit rose.
&quot;He's still alive!&quot; I remembered seeing a very similar face when I asked the missing miners. He must be one of them.
&quot;What's your name?&quot; I shouted at the miner.
But he had already lost his self-consciousness. His throat made a meaningless noise as he walked toward me and Toby.
&quot;Don't get close! Or we will kill you!&quot; The miner did not understand the warning and continued to stumble toward us.
&quot;I will kill him. Don't let him get close to you.&quot; Toby protected me behind him.
&quot;Do you think you won't be infected?&quot;
&quot;I believe you will save me.&quot; Toby turned to look at me, revealing a familiar smile.
&quot;Don't make a joke now!&quot; I thought of more than a dozen countermeasures, but none of them worked. &quot;If you die, your father will kill me.&quot;
Toby stretched out his claws. He was going to shift. &quot;Come on, you know he won't.&quot;
&quot;Toby! Don't&quot; I grabbed his clothes.
&quot;I love you. Now, run!&quot; Toby pushed me away and ran to the miner.

###chapter 40
  Toby's POV
      I killed the miner who was madly pouncing at me, but when I turned my head, Claudia was still not far from me.
      "Didn't I tell you to run quickly?" This might be the first time I was angry at her.
      "What will you do if I run away? Wait for death here?" she shouted at me.
      I wanted to drive Claudia away, but if I got close to her, she would be infected. "You'd better leave quickly. After I lose consciousness, I will probably attack you like that miner."
      My breathing gradually became difficult. I no longer had the strength to maintain the form of a wolf. I looked at my arm. Purple spots had already appeared on it. I prayed for Claudia. "Go! I beg you. I don't want to hurt you."
      However, Claudia was still observing the corpses in the big pit. "This pit must have been dug by Andre. He wanted to kill all the infected miners and bury them. But the people near here were all dead. No one was filling the pit."
      I sat paralyzed on the ground. "Listen to me, Claudia!"
      Claudia suddenly looked up at me. "Wait a minute, mine! I actually forgot the most obvious clue."
      Claudia ran away. This was a bit hurtful. Her figure slowly disappeared into the woods. My consciousness gradually disappeared. She wouldn't want to abandon me only now, right?
      When I woke up again, Claudia was already back. She set up a fire beside me. "Are you going to make medicine?" I almost didn't recognize my voice. It was too hoarse.
      "You're awake?" Finally, Claudia looked up from her potion pot. "I found a way to treat it. The source of infection is the mine itself. So I went to the mine to find some minerals to make medicine."
      "The source of the infection is the mine? Aren't you infected too?"
      "Yes, fortunately, I don't abandon you and run away. The reason why I don't get sick is that I have less contact with it." Claudia poured the medicine out of the pot and brought it to me.
      "I hope you can run away." It was always like this. When I wanted to show my heroic spirit in front of Claudia, it was she who saved me.
      "I am very grateful, really." Claudia seemed to read my thoughts. She smiled at me.
      I said to Claudia, "It's really dangerous this time. I don't intend to let Andre go."
      "Yes, who would have thought that the mineral is the source of the infectious disease? The mineral is harmless, but it will change when it is absorbed by the werewolves' bodies. Andre is really thoughtful."
      Thank you for Moon Goddess and the witch's alchemy talent. Claudia and I came back from the edge of death, and now it was time to let Andre pay it back.
      When we returned to the Crimson Shadow pack, Andre thought that my father had signed the agreement. His face was full of smiles and he took us to the conference room.
      "It seems that our agreement has taken effect. The war is over!" I believed that Andre's smile was real now because he thought that our pack was doomed.
      But Claudia sneered and said, "Infectious disease? You are so smart! But you may not have heard this sentence. Don't try to deceive a witch."
      Andre's face suddenly became ugly. The people in the conference room were puzzled. "What infectious disease?"
      Claudia said to Andre, "The mine you promised to White Claw pack in the agreement is a source of infection!"
      "What source of infection? I don't understand. There is nothing wrong with the mine. Everyone here must have seen it." He was still struggling.
      "You mean everyone has seen the 'photo'. If you are so sure that there is nothing wrong with the mine, do you dare to check it with me?"
      Andre was silent for a while. His answer was beyond my expectations. "I dare! Why not? Let me prepare. I will go with you immediately." He said a few words in his Beta's ear, and his Beta immediately left with him.
      They must discuss some conspiracy again. Claudia asked me to stay here, and she wanted to follow Andre.
      "Are you okay alone?" I asked her.
      "Don't worry, I saved your life." She also left the conference room.
      Claudia's POV
      I followed Andre and his Beta to a secret small room. They seemed to have disappeared after entering the room. I entered the room, but there was no one inside.
      There must be a secret door in the room, but I didn't have time to find it. I could only shift to improve my hearing. Then I heard Andre curse viciously, "That witch, damn bitch! How did she know about the mine?"
      "Calm down, she has found it now. We have to find a way. You don't really want to go to the mine, do you? I still remember those infected miners. It's terrible." Beta Gordon was trying to persuade Andre.
      "Of course, I won't go."
      "Then what are you going to do?"
      Andre's tone was fierce. "They forced me. In a while, let my guards surround the meeting room. I want to kill all of them."
      Gordon took a breath after hearing what he said. "Are you crazy? There are so many commanders in the meeting room."
      "I know. If they have any objections, I will kill them together."
      "Is there a need to do this? And Toby, he is the son of the White Claw pack's Alpha. If we kill him, they will definitely attack us."
      "Do you think they won't attack us when they find out that there is an infectious disease in the mine? At least we can tie Toby up as a hostage later."
      "So you only want to kill witches?"
      "And Isaac."
      "You are crazy. He is your son."
      "No, he is not. Don't ask me what happened. I will explain it to you later. I think this witch came back to take revenge. She must want me dead."
      I covered my mouth to stop myself from making a sound of surprise. Isaac was not Andre's child? No wonder he made Neil the future Alpha under the opposition of everyone.
      "Is it because of her parents?" Gordon was indeed an insider about the death of my parents.
      Andre continued, "That's right. Do you remember? When the war was about to end, our Alpha was already very weak. For the better development of the pack, I decided to replace him."
      "Of course, I remember. It was the two of us at that time. You promised me that when we joined hands to get rid of Alpha, you would let me be your Beta. But..." Gordon began to hesitate.
      "It's all because of that damned Calvin." I heard my father's name. "He found out about our plan and told his witch wife."
      "Yes, if he hadn't wanted to tell Alpha the news in a hurry, we wouldn't have killed Alpha so quickly." The murderer began to blame my loyal father, these bastards.
      "I still remember that night, Alpha begged me to save his wife and children. God, I wanted to laugh when I thought of his stupid face. He didn't know that I poisoned his whole family." Andre's voice was full of venom. "And it was much more relaxed after that. Framed the crime of poisoning Alpha to Calvin, who was closest to him. The pack became mine."
      Gordon continued to ask him, "Was the secret of their deaths discovered by Luna?"
      "Yes, it was because of this. That bitch threatened me. She wanted that bastard to be Alpha. But I just promised her on the surface. When Neil becomes an adult, I will still kick Isaac out of the pack."
      So it was like this. It turned out to be like this. My whole body trembled. I didn't know whether it was because of anger or something. I knew that my parents could not be traitors. The real traitor was Andre! Nicole roared in my mind. I almost couldn't suppress her anger because my mood was very unstable.
      'Stop, Nicole! It is not the right time yet!' I tore my hair and shouted at Nicole. I could not defeat Alpha and Beta alone. But at this moment, Nicole only wanted to rush in and tear Andre apart. Silver hair slowly appeared on my arm, and sharp teeth stung the soft flesh on my cheek.
      I tried to hypnotize myself. But this caused a more violent reaction from Nicole. She controlled my body and ran in the direction of the secret door. In our consciousness, my body fell on the wall and made a muffled sound. This sound disturbed the two people talking in the secret door.
      They rushed out and saw me, who had already shifted halfway. Andre looked at Gordon and gave him a look. Gordon went behind me. Now I understood that they were going to kill me here.

###chapter 41
  Claudia's POV
      Even with those poisonous snakes, beasts, and monsters, I was in a situation I had never been in before. Alpha shifted in front of me. Gray fur covered his entire body. He stared at me with scarlet eyes. Behind me, Beta and Gordon let out a warning growl from their throats. They surrounded me, waiting for the moment when I exposed my flaws.
      I couldn't wait for them to attack me together! I grabbed at Andre's face. When my claws reached in front of his eyes, he could not avoid them. He could only sacrifice his left hand to protect his face.
      Just as I was fighting with Andre, Gordon bit through my left shoulder from behind. I grabbed his head and threw him off my back to the ground. Then he quickly stood up and raised his claws to attack me with Andre. I blocked Gordon's attack and scratched his palm. However, Andre's claws stabbed into my chest. I could only turn around slightly to avoid him piercing through my heart.
      Andre's huge claws broke my ribs and opened a hole in my lungs. I wanted to jump out of the window, but Gordon grabbed my ankle and pulled me to the ground. His claws went through the flesh and directly pierced the joint of my ankle. I endured the tearing pain and pulled my feet out of his claws.
      I almost fainted because of the pain and blood loss, and Nicole was also exhausted. Andre and Gordon forced me into a corner, and they would end my life in the next second.
      But even if I died, I had to pull them with me. This was what they owed my parents. Using the power of the witches, I would curse them to die in regret at the cost of my life.
      Just as I made up my mind to say the spell, a deep breath of death enveloped all of us, and Andre also stopped moving.
      Isaac's POV
      I heard Claudia screaming in my mind. This was very bad. Caesar immediately locked her position through the smell. The closer I got to her, the more I could smell her blood. Besides her, I could also smell other people's blood. What exactly happened?
      When I rushed into the room, I only saw that Claudia was covered in blood. There was a big hole in her chest. Andre and Gordon blocked her in the corner and wanted to kill her. The desire to kill swallowed my thoughts. I could not control myself and became a wolf. They also saw me.
      Andre and Gordon pounced on me. I dodged their attacks. The smell of Claudia's blood made me angry. I threw Gordon on the wall, and small cracks appeared on the wall. Gordon slid down from the wall to the ground. I stepped on Gordon's neck. He could not make a sound and could only helplessly grab my leg with his claws. He tore off a large piece of flesh from my shank, but I didn't care. His movements slowly became weak. I could feel that he was about to die under my feet.
      Andre launched another sneak attack from behind me. I lifted Gordon up from the ground and threw him on Andre. Andre pushed Gordon away from him. He was going to run away. I didn't intend to give him a chance to call for help. But Claudia let out a weak voice that made me stop. I quickly knelt beside her and heard her intermittently breathing.
      "Claudia, can you still hear me?" She was already unconscious. I carefully picked her up and tried not to touch any of her wounds. I needed to rush to the hospital as fast as possible.
      "Put her down!" The doctor ordered me. He was already used to this kind of scene.
      I wanted to put her on the bed, but Caesar and I were fighting for control. After seeing that Claudia was seriously injured, he did not trust anyone now.
      'She is mine!' I was sure that he shouted this and used my body.
      'But she is going to die!' I hoped that we were still mate, so that I could personally heal Claudia's wounds and not quarrel with a furious wolf.
      I forced Caesar to let go. The heaviest wound on Claudia's body had not yet been healed. It was the hole in her chest. It looked very shocking. 'Let her go! Let her be treated!' Caesar roared in dissatisfaction, but he still gently placed her on the bed.
      Finally, I sent Claudia into the emergency room, but my heart was still beating wildly. When I thought that I might lose Claudia, my stomach felt like it had been punched. This thought made me want to vomit, but now I could only sit at the door and wait for the doctor's verdict. A nurse stopped not far away from me. She looked at me and hesitated to speak.
      "What do you want?" I asked her.
      She should be afraid and stammered, "Do you need to treat your wound?"
      It was then that I looked down and saw that my leg was still dripping blood as the wound that had healed was immediately torn again because I ran with Claudia in my arms. "It's okay, it'll heal." It was a small wound for me. I just wanted to wait for Claudia's news now.
      After a long wait, the doctor walked out of the emergency room. He told me that Claudia was out of danger now, but she still needed to transfusion and rest. I sat by the bed and looked at Claudia who was still in a coma. Her face became pale because of blood loss. I held her hand, hoping to pass a little warmth to her.
      Claudia's POV
      I walked on a snowy land, barefoot. The huge blizzard wrapped around me, and I could only hug myself to get some warmth. There was a grey-black wolf biting the corner of my clothes, and I stopped. He rubbed his nose against my hand. I hugged him tightly. There was a feeling I was very familiar with him.
      "I only have you now." I buried my face in the wolf's fur.
      He made a noise to drag me somewhere and I followed him for a long time. "I can't walk, it was too cold." But the wolf still dragged me, and whenever I stopped, he would circle around me, looking anxious. Until we reached a deep lake.
      "Do you want me to jump in? But it looks cold." The wolf insisted on dragging me into the lake.
      "Well. I really believe you for no reason." I jumped into the lake.
      When I woke up from the coma, my whole body was cold from blood loss. Beside my bed, Isaac held my left hand and fell asleep. He lowered his head, and there was a lot of blood on his body.
      "Isaac?" My voice sounded hoarse, unlike myself.
      "I'm here. How do you feel?"
      "How long have I been unconscious? Where are Andre and Gordon?" I struggled to get up, but Isaac pressed me back to the bed.
      Isaac glanced at his watch. "About ten hours."
      "Why are they in a hurry to kill you?" Isaac asked me eagerly, "I know you might not want to say it, but it is related to your safety. I will protect you." He looked at me sincerely. I could not lie to him.
      "Because I heard their secret. They killed my parents. My parents are not traitors! Do you remember the war about ten years ago? At that time, Alpha died unexpectedly, and my parents were executed as traitors."
      "Yes, I remember. Andre became our pack's Alpha from that time."
      "In order to seize power, Andre poisoned the former Alpha's whole family and framed my parents!" I clenched the sheets tightly.
      "That bastard! When you get better, I will let them get the punishment they deserve." Isaac did not hesitate. His words were like a guarantee.
      "Do you believe what I said?"
      "Of course, I have always believed in you. Whether it was two years ago or now." I looked into his golden-brown eyes. There was no need to read his mind at all. I knew what he said was true. Just like before, he was the only one who believed what I said and believed that my parents were not traitors. What a sincere and clumsy wolf.
      Like a warm current flowing into my heart, my body slowly became warm. I looked at Isaac, his face full of surprise. He held me in his arms, and I could feel our souls merging together. The mate link between us was reconnected. After two years, our empty souls were finally mended.
      Isaac kissed my forehead. "Welcome back, my mate."

###chapter 42
  Claudia's POV
      Isaac and I were squeezed on the same bed. Originally, he refused to come up because he was afraid of hurting my wound. But I was really too cold. Isaac held my cold hand and decided to take off his shirt and get into my quilt. Because the bed was not long enough, his legs could only bend slightly to hold my legs. I clung to Isaac's body and the blood in my body slowly flowed.
      "Ah, I just heard something else." I looked up at Isaac. His chin was on top of my head.
      "What is it?" When he spoke, his whole chest shook.
      I was hesitating whether to say it or not. His father was not his biological father, and he wanted to kill him. Isaac saw my hesitation and said. "If you feel awkward, you don't have to say it now. You can tell me anytime."
      He made me feel even more guilty to hide it from him. I tried to speak carefully. "You and Andre don't look alike, do you?"
      Isaac looked at me and was silent for a moment. "I know what you are going to tell me. I knew it long ago."
      "You knew it long ago?"
      "Yes, I knew it two years ago. It was because of this that I did not dare to announce that you were my mate."
      "Why didn't you tell me?" I was a little angry. He had clearly said that he believed me.
      "This is not something to be proud of. I don't want you to think that I am just an inferior illegitimate child." Did he think that? In my eyes, the word 'inferiority' was never related to him.
      "That's very funny. Do you remember that I was a slave and a traitor's daughter at that time?" I said in a joking tone. I had never fancied his identity.
      "You can't blame me because I think too highly of you." His words made me blush again.
      "How much do you know about your biological father?"
      "Not much. He has passed away. I heard about him from my mother. And..." He paused and said. "And...Toby..."
      "Toby!" Oh my god, I was really frozen and forgot about Toby. " Is there any news about Toby? "
      Isaac's tone became impatient. "I have been in the hospital."
      "Oh no! If they want to kill us, they will definitely do something to Toby." I said as I got off the bed.
      Isaac pressed me back into the bed. "Don't move. I know there is a way to contact him."
      "What do I do?"
      "I will explain this to you later." Isaac put on his shirt and got off the bed. "Have a good rest now. I can sense if you are in danger." He knew that if he did not find Toby, I would do it.
      I knew that Isaac really didn't want to leave me now because I was the same. We had just re-established our mate relationship and needed to be with our mate to gain a sense of security. But my friend was still in danger. I comforted him. "Don't be angry, Toby is a good person."
      "For the sake of Moon Goddess, I didn't go for him." Isaac frowned his beautiful eyebrows again.
      I pointed to the middle of his eyebrows. "Thank you. Toby is a very important friend for me."
      "I know. You must be careful." I nodded. Isaac kissed my cheek and left.
      Isaac's POV
      I had never tried to establish a spiritual link. Every time, it was Toby who broke into my mind and shouted. Blood was really a troublesome thing. I didn't even know how to explain our relationship to Claudia.
      "Hey, Claudia, do you know that Toby and I are relatives? So we are a family." This was too strange. I could imagine how Claudia laughed at me. She would definitely force me to call Toby "brother".
      I asked Caesar to search with me. He could expand the range of my spiritual influence. Although I didn't want to admit it, the power of blood was still very strong. I could feel the trace of Toby.
      'Hey, boy, if you can hear me, just say something.' I shouted in my mind. It was strange but also effective.
      'I said don't call me boy!' Toby's voice came into my mind.
      'Where did you go?'
      'Andre's people planned to sneak attack me but I escaped. How is Claudia? Is she well?'
      The first thing he wanted to ask was this? I wanted to cut off the link immediately and throw him in any wasteland. 'She was injured and was resting in the hospital now.'
      'God, is she hurt badly? I should follow her.'
      'She is out of danger. With Nicole, she should get better soon.' I asked him impatiently, 'Where are you now?'
      'I don't know. I seem to be lost.'
      'Oh, that's great!' I rolled my eyes.
      'This isn't my pack!'
      'Don't yell in my head. What's around you?'
      'Eh, a tree?' He hesitated.
      'Very well, you have shrunk the area to the whole forest.' I really wanted to punch him through the spiritual link.
      'Don't mock me. I am also in a hurry to see Claudia, okay?'
      In our endless quarrel, I finally managed to guide him out of the woods, but I did not expect him to be in such a sorry state. "Have you been attacked by a beast?"
      "It is not a beast. Andre's people gave me an anesthetic needle. I escaped from the conference room window and could not see anything along the way."
      No wonder he disappeared for more than ten hours. He must have been unconscious somewhere.
      Toby's tone was very urgent. "Take me to see Claudia."
      Ha! I was waiting for this. "When it comes to Claudia, she and I become mate again."
      "What? Why?" Toby stared at me with his eyes wide open. It was this expression. I wanted to tell him immediately, but I wanted to see his expression with my own eyes.
      "Because of fate. Also, stay away from my mate in the future." I tried to make myself sound less like I was showing off.
      Toby still maintained his shocked expression and stood where he was. It was really hard for ordinary people to imagine that there was a second chance with the same people. It was almost impossible to re-establish it. Otherwise, there would not be such a painful process of dissolving the relationship.
      "Don't stay there. Claudia is still waiting for you in the hospital." I patted the back of Toby's head in a good mood and asked him to keep up with me.
      On the way back to the hospital, I felt Claudia's call through mate link. These bastards really did not give me a minute to spare. I turned and ran in the direction of the hospital.
      "What are you suddenly crazy about?" Toby barely caught up with me.
      "Something happened in the hospital!"

###chapter 43
  Claudia's POV
      After Isaac left, I touched the temperature he left on the bed. I covered my face with the quilt. The smell left on it was the most familiar wood fragrance, the warm black wood, and the cold snow pine. After the relationship between Isaac and I was rebuilt, Nicole became stronger. I could feel that my wound was healing faster.
      Nicole woke me up urgently when she heard so many people coming at me aggressively. I climbed out of bed, still with a dull ache in my chest. I opened the door and the doorway was already full of people. They had scared the nurse on duty away, and the pack doctor was angry. He said to those people, "This is a hospital, what do you want?"
      The crowd was slowly separated, and Andre came out. "Calm down, doctor. They are all my people. I want to talk to the lady inside."
      The doctor still showed respect for Andre. "Alpha, you will disturb the patient like this."
      Andre grabbed the doctor's neck. "Our Beta was almost killed by the witch inside, and you still helped her?" He let go of the doctor, and the doctor kept coughing.
      Andre came for revenge. No one could stop him here. I could only call my mate in my heart.
      They approached me step by step, and I could only sit back on my bed. Two werewolves stood guard outside the door, and they closed my door. In fact, there was no difference even if they did not close the door. Since Andre dared to bring people to the hospital, it meant that he was going to be completely hostile to us.
      Andre walked up to me. "Do you know how they executed the witches?" I did not look at him. He continued, "They will tie the witches to the stakes and burn them to death."
      "Get her!" I was grabbed by the arms of two strong werewolves. What to do? I was considering whether shifting was a good idea. No, it was too small here, and there were so many people on the other side. If I used magic, I wasn't sure I could hypnotize everyone. I touched the ruby ring on my hand, using flame magic to burn the place down would still involve the hospital patients.
      Andre stood in front of me. He said, "Your injury is recovering well." He tore off my shirt. My upper body was naked, and the wound was exposed in front of his eyes. His eyes scanned my body. "This is the reason why Isaac like you. Of course. I like it too." Andre laughed wildly. Nicole screamed and tried to tear his ugly face off. My anger made me ignore the pain in my body. I struggled out a hand, which made my wound tear again.
      I took out a bottle from the bedside and threw it on the ground. The dust in the bottle immediately filled the room. I chanted the hypnosis spell. Andre shouted to his men, "Cover her mouth."
      It was too late. The people he brought were all unconscious on the ground. I was also paralyzed on the ground because of the consumption of the spell. Andre shook his head. "Do you think your little tricks are useful to me?" He was going to throw himself on me.
      "I didn't think so, so I've been waiting for him."
      The locked door made a loud noise, and the door was forcibly destroyed from the outside. Isaac and Toby rushed in. Isaac hugged me, and I quickly covered myself with broken clothes.
      "What did he do to you?" A terrifying aura appeared on Isaac again, and I could hear the sound of his teeth grinding against each other.
      "He only tore my clothes. I used hypnosis, so he didn't do anything, and you came here." I was afraid that Isaac would lose control, so I didn't say anything else about Andre.
      However, Isaac directly shifted and bit off Andre's right hand. Before we could react, Andre grabbed his severed arm and howled loudly. Isaac pounced on him and stepped on his head with his claws.
      "Don't kill him!" I shouted to Isaac, "If you kill him, my parents will not be able to clear their name!"
      I used mate strength to turn Isaac back into human form, and Andre wanted to take this opportunity to sneak attack. His face was scratched by Toby as soon as he shifted.
      Isaac pulled out the gun at his waist and pointed it at Andre's head. My heart almost stopped beating. He said, "I'll teach you how to use the Water Silver gun." Isaac shot Andre's legs, and Andre could only twitch on the ground.
      I breathed a sigh of relief. Isaac changed my clothes for me and carried me to another ward. He sat beside the bed and held my hand. I could feel his uneasiness. I touched the back of his hand with my thumb. Toby stood awkwardly at the door. Isaac must have told him that we had reestablished our mate relationship.
      "Don't stand at the door. Come here." I really couldn't bear to see Toby's expression. "I'm very happy to see that you are fine."
      Toby asked me in a low voice. "Are you mate now?"
      "Yes. But I haven't decided whether I want to be his mate."
      "What?" Both of them looked at me in surprise.
      "I never said I forgave you. Do you think I forgot what happened two years ago?" I deliberately made my tone harsh. Isaac turned away from my sight.
      "I'm sorry." Isaac looked at me guiltily. God, I was a sinner, but it was too interesting.
      "So I still have a chance?" Toby's tone was obviously happy.
      "I'm sorry. What did you say?" Isaac glared at Toby.
      "You clearly heard it." Toby sat on the other side of my bed.
      "Don't think that I won't kill you just because of our blood relationship."
      "Wait a minute, what is the blood relationship?" What did I miss? It's getting more and more interesting.
      Isaac's face was full of regret. Toby said, "You are mate now. Do you still want to hide it from Claudia?"
      "Why do you think I hid it from her? You...!" I interrupted his swearing.
      "What the hell is it?" I showed great enthusiasm and looked at Isaac with pleading eyes. He sighed and confessed his blood relationship to me.
      "Spiritual link? This sounds very convenient."
      Isaac covered his forehead and said, "Believe me, more annoying." Toby said disdainfully beside me.
      "So, you are cousin?" I looked at them excitedly.
      "No!" Unexpectedly, I got two objections.
      "Oh! It's so lovely!" I took their hands and they immediately quarreled again until the doctor came to warn them.
      I was glad they became family. In my life, there were very few people I really cared about. I didn't know if I would leave them too early because of the Witch's Fate curse. When that time came, I hoped they could help each other.

###chapter 44
  Claudia's POV
Isaac contacted his teacher, Dean, privately. Dean was one of the pack's commanders. 
Isaac told me that some commanders had already disliked Andre. Because of Andre's conceit and incompetence, the pack suffered a war that could have been avoided.
 Dean told us that he could hold a press conference for us and let us expose all of Andre's crimes. I doubted that pack's people would believe us. But Isaac told me that he had a trump card. Let me not worry.
Dean organized a lot of pack's people to come to the venue. They were all very puzzled. The commander just told them that there had something important to announce. Of course, it was not surprising that Andre came with his people. Behind him, Gordon had a security camera on his neck.
Andre blocked me and Isaac. He said to Isaac, &quot;Now you are a complete traitor. I order you and the commander you drew to your side to stop in the name of Alpha. Do they want to become traitors?&quot;
Isaac protected me behind him and said to him, &quot;You know best who the real traitor is. Don't block my way.&quot;
Andre gritted his teeth and said, &quot;Do you think I will let you go up?&quot;
Isaac tilted his head and smiled. &quot;You can fight with me here. But if you can't kill me, I will tell everyone your secret. Of course, if you can't win me, just listen to me on the stretcher to tell everyone your secret.&quot;
&quot;Kill him! Kill him!&quot; Andre shouted, but they hesitated and did not dare to go forward. 
Isaac was definitely the most powerful werewolf I had ever seen. I had never seen him fight seriously with anyone. They were all afraid of the smell of blood on Isaac. 
He was a monster that they had never come into contact with. I was very curious about what Isaac had experienced in the past two years, which made the aura around him so terrifying.
&quot;Very good.&quot; He said, &quot;You are not stupid enough to not be afraid of death.&quot;
Isaac and I walked to the stage. He held my hand and let me relax. He said to the microphone, &quot;Today, I want to tell everyone something. 
It is related to our Alpha's past.&quot; Isaac looked at me and said, &quot;I believe that you all know her. When she was a child, you all called her the daughter of a traitor. Now, she is a witch sent by White Claw pack to negotiate.&quot;
He paused and took a deep breath. &quot;The problem was that her parents were not traitors. Fourteen years ago, her father, who was Beta at that time, heard Andre's plan to poison the former Alpha.
 Her father, Calvin, wanted to inform Alpha, but he could not make it in time. Andre poisoned Alpha's whole family. Then he framed Calvin and his wife and executed them.&quot; The pack's people were silent because of this.
Isaac continued, &quot;Andre knew that there was a war at that time, and no one would investigate it carefully. Moreover, the pack was in urgent need of An Alpha, so he did this with his advisor Gordon. Their goal was to capture the pack. &quot;
After hearing his words, the crowd below became noisy after a silence.
&quot;Andre doesn't deserve to be our Alpha!&quot;
&quot;This is a lie! How could Alpha be that kind of person?&quot;
&quot;I remember that war. It turned out that Andre was the traitor of the pack.&quot;
In the noisy voices, Isaac said loudly. &quot;I know that many of you don't believe me. You think I took revenge because I lost the qualification to be the future Alpha. But I think you should listen to her.&quot;
Luna Victoria walked out from behind the curtain. I didn't expect her to be Isaac's trump card. Since I came to the Crimson Shadow pack, I didn't see Luna. I thought she didn't want to see me. It turned out that she had been under Isaac's protection.
Luna's appearance made everyone quiet down. She slowly said, &quot;It's really not easy to say these things personally because I am also an insider. 
What Isaac said is the truth, and I am also one of the sinners. These days, Andre has been coercing me and imprisoning me. Only under the protection of Isaac can I survive to this day.&quot;
&quot;Liar, you are all liars!&quot; Andre did not dare to approach Isaac. He shouted in the crowd.
But people just avoided him and looked at him with contempt. Andre was still struggling. &quot;I am your Alpha. What they said is not true. They want to get rid of me and take my place.&quot;
Someone in the crowd questioned Andre, &quot;Our Luna disappeared for so long, and you never said where she went.&quot;
Isaac said to the crowd. &quot;I am not using Alpha's identity to judge anyone. I don't care about this position. The people who want to judge him should be the people who lost their family in this inevitable war.&quot;
&quot;Expel him!&quot; I didn't know who shouted first in the crowd, and then everyone kept shouting, &quot;Expel this liar!&quot;, &quot;Kill this traitor!&quot;
At this moment, I felt extremely relaxed. It was as if a heavy chain that had been binding me for more than ten years had been lifted. The grievances and sadness in my heart overflowed. 
I used all my willpower to stop myself from crying in front of everyone. My parents were not traitors! I could finally shout out these words and not be insulted by anyone. 
Isaac felt my emotions, and he hugged me. I finally cried in his arms. He gently stroked the back of my head.
Finally, it was the commanders of the pack who sentenced Andre and Gordon. They were exiled in the end. This was the judgment of all the werewolves in the pack on them.
 I didn't think they could live long even if they left the pack because Andrei had so many enemies out there. He could not survive simply after losing his guards.
Toby returned to the White Claw pack. He wanted to explain the current situation to his father. 
For example, the matter of Andre being exiled and Isaac's biological father. I believed that the war between the two packs would stop soon.
Dean always hoped that Isaac could take over Alpha's position. He said that the commanders all thought so. There was no one more suitable than Isaac in the pack, but Isaac refused him.
Isaac said to Dean, &quot;I remember that the pack has a legitimate heir. Where did Neil go? I know that he was deceived by Andre. No one blamed him.&quot;
Dean did not say anything. The commanders seemed to be very dissatisfied with Neil. He just said, &quot;Alpha must be the pack's strongest werewolf. Our pack's people want you to be our Alpha.&quot;
I knew that Isaac actually cared about my identity. I was a witch. No Alpha would be with a witch. I wanted Isaac to accept Dean's kindness. I did not care if he would announce that I was his Luna. I just wanted him to get what he deserved.
I pinched his hand and wanted to tell him my thoughts, but he whispered in my ear, &quot;I don't want anything else but you.&quot;

###chapter 45
  Claudia's POV
      Since we became mate again, Isaac rarely left me. He was staying in my house now and disturbing me when I was busy.
      I put the peacock feathers into the medicine, and the medicine smelled like protein burning.
      "It smells bad. What are you doing?" Isaac walked to me and asked.
      "This thing can make your intelligence return to three years old, although I think it is no different from what you are now."
      "I don't think this thing is useful." Isaac combed my hair with his hand. "For the enemy, its efficiency is too low."
      "Use your brain to think. If you want to get rid of a king, will you kill him directly? You will be chased to death. But if you use this, everyone will only think that the king is crazy."
      "So your client wants to get rid of the king?"
      "Business secret. Do you have anything else to do now?" I looked at him, putting the medicine away.
      "Unfortunately, no." Isaac pulled me between his legs and sat me down. "Can't you rest for a while? I've been here watching you for a few hours."
      "It seems that you can see that I'm busy." I wanted to stand up, but he held me tightly.
      Isaac whispered in my ear, "Don't move, or I will lose control."
      I could only let him put his chin on my shoulder and put his face on my face.
      "Let go of me!" I was covered in the smell of herbs and bird feathers. "I'm going to take a shower." Isaac let out a snort of laughter. I could feel the vibration of his chest behind me. Finally, he let go of me, and my ears were hot.
      I ran into the bathroom and covered my cheek with my hand. The temperature on my face burned my hand. God! I always blushed easily in front of Isaac. I took a few deep breaths and took off my clothes. I put my hair down and walked into the hot water. Isaac opened the bathroom door and came in.
      "God, get out of here." I covered my body with my arms.
      "There's nothing to be shy about." Isaac said, "It's not like I haven't seen it before." He took off his wet shirt.
      "If you dare to take off your pants, I'll throw you naked on the street," I said, but my eyes uncontrollably looked at his beautifully defined muscles. He was like a Greek sculpture.
      Nicole urged me to touch his abs and v-line with my fingers.
      'Stop!' I couldn't let Nicole take control at this time.
      'Come on! I can feel that you want to touch him too.'
      'These are two different things. I haven't prepared to establish this relationship with him again.' Every time I had intimate contact with him, I could remember the scene from two years ago. He hugged Fiona, and a chill surged up my chest.
      "I don't think you can throw me." He scanned my body with his eyes.
      "What is this?" He touched the side of my waist, where there was a mark.
      "This is the mark of a witch. A witch who has passed the 'transformation' will have this mark." I answered him.
      "Transformation?"
      "Yes, you leave the bathroom. I will explain it to you slowly."
      "Okay." Isaac put down his hand.
      Nicole suddenly jumped out. She controlled me to hug Isaac and kissed him hard. Oops! Isaac's eyes turned red. He pressed me against the wall of the bathroom, and his tongue moved in my mouth.
      Isaac, or rather Caesar, kissed my lips bright red as he licked and nibbled on my chin, then moved to my neck. Did he want to mark me here? I wanted to push him away, but Nicole did not give me a chance.
      Isaac suddenly let out a painful roar. His eyes turned back to a normal golden brown. He pinched my cheek and said, "Although I wanted to continue, I knew it was not her intention, right? Nicole."
      Nicole roared in dissatisfaction. I took back control. "Was it Caesar just now?" I asked Isaac.
      "Yes, he heard Nicole calling him." Isaac kissed my cheek. "I know you don't want me to touch you now. I will wait until you agree," he said with a smile, but I could feel his disappointment. When Isaac walked out of the bathroom, the emptiness filled my heart again.
      Neil's POV
      Fiona walked in front of me. Her sharp shoes made annoying noises on the ground. I said to her, "Can't you stop for a while?"
      She stopped in front of me. "I think you are so calm. Isaac is going to become Alpha soon. Think about it, how will he retaliate against us?"
      I couldn't hear her say this. "Why should Isaac? He has been banished by me a long time ago. I am the future Alpha!"
      "What are you shouting at me? Who in the pack doesn't know that the commanders want Isaac to be Alpha?" Fiona threw her blonde hair behind her shoulder. "They don't like your performance in war. Simply put, they think you are too weak."
      "Bullshit! I am the legitimate heir!"
      "Inherit who? The pack's traitor?" Fiona played with her hair.
      I pulled her hair. "Your father is also a traitor. Don't forget that we're a team now."
      Fiona painfully told me to let go. There were a few strands of golden hair between my fingers. "Are you crazy?" She rubbed her scalp. "Then what are you going to do? Kill Isaac?"
      No, I couldn't kill him. That was the problem. Isaac was a monster. No one among the people I knew could kill him. "We need to find his weakness," I said to Fiona.
      "Isaac's weakness?... I know." Fiona whispered her plan in my ear.
      "Impossible, I won't hurt Claudia." I still wanted her to be my Luna.
      "God! Neil!" She screamed at me. "It was all because of her. They banished your father and my father! We can't even say goodbye to them. They will die in the wild!"
      Her harsh voice irritated me. "Can you tell me something I don't know?" She described the wild as a huge cemetery, but she was the one who beat Claudia up and kicked her out of the pack. "Anyway, we are just acting. Do you know?"
      "You are really unreasonable." Fiona rolled her eyes.
      She was going to make me impatient. I glared at Fiona. "Do you want to cooperate with me?"
      "Okay. I can only promise not to kill her." She said, "What, how can you deceive Isaac without some blood?"
      This b*tch, when I became Alpha, her good life was over, but I needed her now.
      "It's a deal. When you become Alpha, I will become Luna." She looked at me greedily.
      "Yes, it's a deal."

###chapter 46
  Claudia's POV
      I woke up from my coma, and my vision was dark. I tried to move my hands and feet, but they were tightly tied together. Only then did I realize my situation. Someone kidnapped me. The kidnapper covered my eyes and tied my limbs. My face was against the wet ground. I could feel that I was in a cold room. The air was filled with the smell of mold. This should be a basement. I recalled my memories before I was kidnapped.
      A few hours ago.
      Neil wrote me a letter. He wrote at the beginning of the letter, telling me to read this letter alone because it was his secret. Since Andre was exiled, Neil had never appeared. I did not expect him to contact me. Neil told me in the letter that he was very sad these days and did not want to see anyone from the pack. I could understand his feelings. Although Andre deserved it. But he still lost his father.
      He said in the letter that he wanted to see me. The only person he could trust now was me. I felt so sorry for him. In fact, I still regarded him as my friend. In the past, when I was bullied, he once helped me. Moreover, the one who made a mistake was Andre. I should not criticize Neil. He wrote an address in the letter. It was the little garden that he had taken me to.
      When I arrived at the garden, Neil was already waiting there. He smiled and waved at me. I walked over and sat beside him.
      "How have you been these days?" I asked him tentatively.
      "To be honest, not very good." He lowered his head. I could not see his expression.
      "Sorry." I did not know how to comfort him. We were not standing from the same standpoint.
      "It doesn't matter. This is not something you can decide alone." Neil's tone was very sad, which made me feel guilty for him. But all I could do now was sit here and chat with him.
      At this moment, I could feel a wolf running from behind me. "Watch out!" I blocked Neil behind me.
      The wolf stopped in front of me. I recognized it for a long time before I could see that it was Fiona. She rarely transformed, and few people had seen her wolf. Her eyes were fixed on me. I didn't know why I get her mad at me again. Maybe she thought her father's exile was because of me, or maybe she finally couldn't hide her hostility toward me.
      A warning growl came from her throat, but this warning was no threat to me. Her wolf was small but not agile enough. Nicole could easily bite her to death, but I didn't need to transform to hit her. I had a better way.
      Just as I was about to chant the spell, Neil called my name behind me.
      "Not now, Neil." I had to concentrate on the spell.
      But Neil covered my nose and mouth with a cloth. I could only breathe in a pungent smell. I wanted to pull his hand away, but I completely lost my strength. Then I fell into darkness.
      Now I lay on the floor of the basement. Damn, I cursed in my heart. Neil actually used my trust in him. I had no intention of reading his mind at all. He pretended to be so sad and I even felt sorry for him. Today I finally saw what kind of person he was, this bastard.
      I sat up and tried to break free, but my hands and feet were tied by chains. He should be afraid that I would break free after I shifted. I called Isaac's name in my heart, hoping that he could find me. Then I heard the sound of the door being opened, and heavy footsteps came to me.
      One hand removed the cloth strip from my eyes. My eyes narrowed because of the light. After adapting to the brightness, I saw Neil's face.
      "What are you doing?"
      There was a confident smile on Neil's face. "Calm down. I believe you have called Isaac over. This is my purpose."
      "Aren't you and Fiona going to take revenge on me? What does it have to do with Isaac?" I began to panic.
      "Why should I take revenge on you? You are my future Luna." His eyes stared at my face and then moved to my lips. His eyes made me sick. He touched my face with his hand and rubbed his thumb against my lips. I bit his finger hard with my teeth until I could taste the blood.
      Neil pulled his finger out of my mouth. He angrily pulled away the collar of my clothes. I felt a chill in my chest.
      "Get lost! Bastard, Isaac will kill you!" I wanted to struggle out of his hand.
      Neil pinned me under him. "No, he won't kill his Alpha."
      So this was his purpose? He wanted Alpha's position? I shouted at him, "Stop dreaming! You won't become Alpha."
      "We'll wait and see."
      The sound of high heels hitting the ground came, and it was getting closer and closer to us. Neil cursed and then let go of me, then pulled my collar.
      Fiona said to Neil, "I didn't expect her to wake up so soon."
      "Witches are generally resistant to medicine."
      "It seems that Isaac will come soon. Give her to me. You go to negotiate with Isaac."
      Fiona pulled me up from the ground. I asked her, "What are you going to do?"
      "You will know when the time comes." Fiona covered my eyes with a strip of cloth again.
      Isaac's POV
      When I saw the letter that Neil wrote to Claudia, the ominous premonition in my heart reached its peak. Now I dare not say that Neil is completely innocent. I don't know how many things Andre has revealed to him. I originally planned to ask him, but he never appeared. Because his father had just been exiled, I didn't want to force him to come out and ask him if he was part of these plots. In the depths of my heart, he was still the younger brother who needed my protection.
      But when Claudia called me, my intuition told me that Neil had done something bad to her. Caesar locked onto Claudia's position. I didn't expect her to be so close. I came to the bottom of my uncle's abandoned garden. I didn't expect that there was a secret basement here.
      I walked in. Neil stood in the middle of the empty basement, and Claudia was behind him. Claudia's eyes were covered and her hands and feet were tied by iron chains. She should have struggled. There were red marks on her wrists.
      "Calm down. I can smell your murderous intent," Fiona said to me as she pressed the dagger against Claudia's neck. "Don't think about saving her with your ability. I know you will kill us. So if you dare to move, I will cut her throat immediately."
      Panic flowed through my veins. I raised my hands. "I won't move. Don't hurt her."
      "Very good. Now we can have a good talk," Neil said to me with a smile. His appearance reminded me of Andre, making me sick.
      "What exactly do you want?" My attention was on the knife on Claudia's neck.
      "It's very simple." Neil said, "I want you to tell the commanders that I will be Crimson Shadow pack's Alpha."
      "Is this what he wants? I'm really speechless at his stupidity." Do you think they will agree to let you be Alpha if I tell them? "
      "Are you laughing at me? You just need to tell them." Neil's face turned red with anger.
      "Don't listen to them!" Claudia shouted at me.
      Fiona's knife cut a wound on Claudia's neck. She said to me, "Even if you can heal your throat, but..." She put the knife on Claudia's eyelids. "If I dig out her eyes, can she grow another one?"
      "Stop! Okay! I promise you, let Claudia go immediately."
      Neil suddenly roared, "Do you think I'm stupid? The moment I let her go, you will kill me!"
      "Then what do you want?" He was right, that was what I thought. I would never allow Claudia to be hurt.
      "I want to hear the commanders announce to pack that I am Alpha, so that I will let Claudia go."
      I looked at the tip of the blade that flashed with a cold light moving above Claudia's eyes. "Okay, I will go and tell them now."
      "Wait, I will go with you." He turned back and said to Fiona, "Watch over Claudia here. If you don't receive my news before dark, kill her."

###chapter 47
  Neil's POV
      Isaac and I waited at the battle center. Not long after, the commanders came over. I didn't expect that Isaac's influence could allow him to gather all the commanders, and they were not even willing to listen to me.
      Dean said to Isaac, "I urgently called all the commanders over. What happened?"
      Isaac glanced at me and then turned to them, "I want to recommend you the next Alpha, my younger brother Neil."
      They all showed surprised expressions. Dean said to Isaac, "But, we want you to..."
      I knew that they wanted Isaac to be Alpha, so when Andre was released, I immediately hid. Otherwise, they would definitely force me to give up Alpha's position.
      "I said I don't want to be Alpha!" Isaac's tone was very urgent. I believed that his attention was not here at all. He then said to the commanders, "Neil has Alpha's blood. I can't think of anyone else who can take over Alpha's title."
      A commander looked at me and said, "To be honest, it's not that we don't believe in Alpha's blood, but we don't believe in Neil's ability. If we are invaded by another pack, how can we expect a weak Alpha."
      How dare he say that? With my ability, I have more than enough to lead them. This damn lowlife, I will remember his name. When I become Alpha, I will find a chance to kill him.
      "I am still in pack. I will help him." Isaac's tone had turned into a pleading tone.
      I held back my anger and continued to say, "With my brother's help, I believe that I can be a good Alpha."
      The commanders looked at each other. They knew that they had no other choice. Dean looked at Isaac. "Since you have said so, we have decided to make Neil the new Alpha."
      "No problem, tell the pack members immediately." Isaac was still in a hurry to save Claudia. He urged the commanders, and Dean could only announce my identity to pack with great dissatisfaction.
      Isaac glared at me, and I nodded to indicate that he could go to the basement. Now, I was going to prepare my coronation ceremony.
      Claudia's POV
      After receiving a message, Fiona quickly left the basement. It seemed that Neil had achieved his goal. I lay on the ground for a while and heard the rapid footsteps.
      Isaac untied the chain that bound me. He touched the red mark on my wrist. "Are you alright?"
      I shook my head. "I'm fine. Is Neil already Alpha?"
      "That's right." There was no emotion in Isaac's tone.
      "I'm sorry. I was too careless." I was full of guilt.
      "It's not your fault. I didn't expect him to be like this."
      "But... you were supposed to be Alpha."
      "I said I didn't care about that." Isaac picked me up and I insisted that I could walk, but he carried me all the way back to the house.
      Because of the excessive shock and exhaustion, Isaac hugged me and fell asleep on the sofa. When I woke up because of the high heat, it was already midnight. My body was abnormally hot. I wanted to look at myself in the mirror, but I fell back on the sofa because my hands and feet were weak. Isaac woke up because of my movements and he hugged me.
      "Do you have a fever? Why is the temperature on your body so high?" He used his lips to test the temperature of my forehead.
      "I don't know." But when Isaac touched me, I felt that the high temperature had decreased a lot. This symptom reminded me of a very familiar feeling.
      Isaac buried his face in my neck. "You smell great." His words were a little ambiguous. I touched his face with my hand, and his body temperature was incredibly high.
      The place where Isaac touched me felt like an electric current, and there was a slight numbness. He pressed on me and kissed me randomly. My chaotic brain finally remembered this familiar and strange feeling. This was a rut. When we re-established our mate relationship, we should have thought of it. It was easy to trigger rut when staying with mate.
      "Isaac?" I tried to push Isaac off me, but he held me and was unwilling to let go. This was the worst situation. He must have also entered rut. In the two years of not having a mate, I had forgotten that rut could have such a big impact on us.
      "Let me hug you." I felt dizzy because of his words. He reached his hand under my shirt, and his touch made me feel a fire gathering under my abdomen.
      My body was uncontrollably close to him, and the high temperature of rut burned my brain. I unconsciously clamped Isaac's strong waist with my legs, and his eyes were full of deep desire. "I guessed you agreed."
      Isaac lowered his waist and entered me. The inside of my thigh twitched because of this."Slow down." I begged him.
      "I won't hurt you." Isaac pushed into me slowly, and I groaned because of his movements.
      I felt Isaac's pulse in my body. He breathed heavily in my ear, like a large cat. He licked my neck with his tongue and teeth. I knew he wanted to mark me. I trembled because I was too comfortable, and his movements became fierce.
      When I was about to orgasm, countless sparks flashed in front of my eyes, and sparks crackled in my brain. Isaac bit the mark on the back of my neck with his sharp canine teeth. All my muscles tightened and I had an orgasm in his marking.
      I lay on Isaac's chest, feeling like a pool of melted cream. The sweat we sweated made my whole body sticky, but I was not in a hurry to take a bath. After being marked, I only wanted to stay beside my mate. I could feel safe in his smell.
      Although rut was a long process, I didn't know where Isaac got so much energy. He was willing to let me go until dawn. I was about to faint. So when I woke up again, the soreness all over my body reminded me of what a crazy night I had been through.
      "You're awake?" Isaac brought a plate in front of me. I felt that I hadn't eaten for a year. The food on the plate made me salivate.
      I used a fork to insert a piece of roast lamb steak into my mouth. The fragrance of vanilla and meat juice filled my mouth. "This is very delicious. Have you learned how to cook?" Ever since I left the pack, I didn't want to step into the kitchen again. It always reminded me of my bad memories.
      "No, it's very simple. Just look at the menu and make it." Isaac's tone was very sincere. There was a kind of people in the world. Anything was simpler for them. He pushed aside the hair behind my neck and touched the mark point.
      I trembled. "What are you doing?" He almost made me drop the food on the quilt.
      "You know what this means. You are mine." Isaac's tone was full of satisfaction.
      I ignored him and continued to eat the lamb chops on my plate with a fork. Of course I knew what the mark meant. His smell had been around me, so as to tell everyone that I was his possession. This mark would always exist until one of us died.

###chapter 48
  Claudia's POV
      The alarm clock on the bedside rang for a long time. My head was about to explode. I reached out to press the alarm clock, but Isaac was faster than me. He took the alarm clock and smashed it against the wall. "Boom!" The room immediately quieted down. I couldn't blame him for his bad temper. His head should be more painful than mine.
      Last night, we drank up all the stock at home. We said we just need a glass of red wine to help us sleep. I didn't know who suggested playing a small game. Moreover, Isaac and I were people who were unwilling to admit defeat. In fact, it was a draw. But I used magic to cheat a few times when my tongue could still chant a spell.
      I endured the headache and looked at the calendar. Then I struggled to get up from the bed. Isaac pulled me back to the bed.
      "Where are you going?" he asked me with his eyes closed.
      "Toby is coming today. I'll pick him up."
      "Oh god!" Isaac rubbed his temples. "Him again? Why can't he just get out of my life?"
      "Don't say that. He's your younger brother." I piled the quilt on Isaac and walked to the bathroom.
      "F*ck... Can you ask him to leave?" Isaac made a dull sound in the quilt.
      "No, if you don't want me to meet Toby alone, I advise you to go with me."
      Isaac finally sat up from the quilt. "You are a devil." He came out of bed wearing only a black flat boxer shorts.
      I looked at Isaac in the mirror. How could he look like a model after a hangover? I combed my long hair that was tied together because of rolling on the bed and thought.
      He hugged me from behind, looking like he couldn't sleep. I could only urge him" Go and take a shower. You smelled of alcohol."
      "Well, you too. Do you want to join me?" His hand restlessly touched me.
      "Get out. We have no time."
      "One day you will be punished for talking to me like that." Isaac walked into the bathroom.
      "I'm so scared." I shrank my neck expressionlessly.
      "You definitely will." Isaac poked his head out of the bathroom and said to me.
      When I came out of the bathroom, Isaac had already made breakfast. Actually, according to the time, it should be lunch. This may be the only benefit of living with him. I don't have to step into the annoying kitchen.
      "I didn't expect that Neil would invite Toby to his coronation ceremony."
      "He knew that he couldn't beat White Claw pack, so he chose to continue to negotiate with them. And with you here, Toby will come."
      "I hope he won't be like Andre." I remembered the times when Andre tried to harm us with the means of negotiation.
      "He doesn't dare. Neil doesn't have the power. The commanders will watch him."
      "Will you be sad when it comes to the ceremony? I remember that you really wanted to be Alpha."
      "When I was young, I wanted to use this to gain the approval of others, because I was not strong enough at that time. But after facing death and despair, it doesn't matter anymore. I just want to get what I love the most." He smiled at me.
      "But still I was a little sad." Neil is our Alpha. "It is so embarrassing to say it. I never saw that he had this ambition. Who knows why he wanted to be Alpha so much?"
      In fact, I could see from Neil's eyes that he had always been jealous of Isaac. Perhaps in his eyes, becoming Alpha was the only way to prove to others that he was stronger than Isaac. But I couldn't tell Isaac that this was between the two of them, and I couldn't interfere.
      Isaac and I waited for Toby at the door of pack. He was a little darker, and his skin was a beautiful wheat color under the sun. The moment he saw Isaac, the smile on his face collapsed.
      "What is he doing here?" Toby pointed at Isaac.
      "He came with me to pick you up."
      "I don't believe it." Toby sniffed the air. "Why has your smell changed? Wait, have you been marked by him?"
      I subconsciously touched the mark on the back of my neck. "Is this obvious?"
      Toby looked very angry. He clenched his fists. I used my elbow to pound Isaac and let him put away the flaunting expression on his face.
      Toby's POV
      I wanted to punch Isaac's smug face. Claudia was surrounded by his smell. All kinds of complicated emotions were intertwined in my heart. I was very angry that he dared to casually mark Claudia. But they were mate. Thinking of this, my heart ached again.
      After Andre was exiled, I returned to White Claw pack. Claudia still stayed in Crimson Shadow pack. I knew that she wanted to accompany her mate. I could feel the change in her attitude towards Isaac after she re-established her relationship with Isaac. Although it was difficult for her to notice it herself, I could tell from the way she looked at Isaac that she still loved him. Claudia finally opened her closed heart, but I couldn't be happy.
      I couldn't bless her because I liked her from the first time I saw Claudia. It was the same now. Her beautiful green eyes looked at me, full of worry. I didn't want her to be sad, so I put away my emotions.
      Neil made this coronation ceremony like a ball. He even let the people attending the ceremony wear dresses to enter, but it was a good idea. He let me see Claudia wearing a dress.
      Claudia wore a champagne-colored dress, and the "V" shape of the dress revealed her beautiful back. The slit on the side of the dress made her slender legs faintly discernible in the silk fabric. Her silvery-white long hair was curved to a wave, shining like the river under the moonlight. She was so beautiful today that I almost ignored Isaac beside her.
      But Isaac was too outstanding. His expressionless face was like a statue, and his eyes were cold. Only when he looked at Claudia did his expression become gentler. I didn't know why all the women present were looking at him.
      "You look very handsome today," Claudia said to me.
      "I'm very happy to hear you praise me, but can you not look at me like that? This is the look of an elder." I hate Claudia treating me like a child.
      "Oh my god, am I like this?" Claudia's ears turned red. She was really cute at this time.
      "Move your eyes away from my mate." Isaac stared at me and said in my mind. I really miss the time when he did not know how to use mind link.
      "Being polite means when talking to someone, you have to look at them."
      "Being polite means to stay away from other people's mate."
      Claudia glanced at Isaac and then looked at me. "What are you whispering in the mind link?" She was really damn sharp.
      Isaac pretended not to hear her and turned his head to the other direction. I smiled and said to Claudia, "It's nothing."
      Suddenly, all the lights in the hall turned down. A strong white light hit the rotating stairs on the left side of the auditorium. Neil slowly walked down from stairs with a glass of wine. Oh my god, did he think he was a Princess on her 16th birthday?
      He walked to the standing microphone under the stairs. "Thank you for coming to my coronation ceremony."
      I didn't remember what Neil said after that. It was just some boring nonsense. Just when everyone was sleepy, he suddenly changed the topic to Isaac.
      "The person I am most grateful to is my elder brother, Isaac. Without his support, I can't become Alpha at all." Neil motioned for Isaac to stand beside him.
      Claudia held Isaac's hand in panic. Isaac smiled at her. "It's okay." Then he let go of Claudia's hand and walked away.
      "Protect her," Isaac said to me through the mind link.
      Isaac walked to Neil. Neil intimately put his arm around Isaac's shoulder and said, "I hope Isaac can accept it and become our pack's Beta."

###chapter 49
  Isaac's POV
      When Neil said this, I could clearly see the ridicule on his face. Isaac's eyes became sharper. Someone was provoking his position. This was not a problem for Alpha or Beta. Neil wanted Isaac to submit to him in front of everyone.
      "I refuse."
      "You said you would help me manage pack, and this position is the most suitable for you." Neil's tone was very naive.
      "There are a lot of commanders in the pack that are suitable for Beta's position." I removed Neil's hand from my shoulder. "And, did you forget that I am part of the vanguard? You gave me this position."
      The expression on Neil's face could not hold back. He whispered in my ear, "This is what everyone wants to see. And I am your Alpha. You must listen to me."
      "Or what? What do you want?" I leaned close to Neil. "I warn you, I let you be Alpha because I don't care about this at all. But next time you want to provoke me, you have to think clearly that you are not qualified to command me."
      Neil stood alone in the same place awkwardly. People were discussing what had just happened. Obviously, they did not take Neil seriously. Neil cleared his throat and said, "Let the party continue."
      Isaac walked over and whispered into my ear, "I'm going to get some fresh air." Before I could say anything, he went to the balcony. I knew that he would not be angered by what Neil said, but Nicole could feel that his wolf had been anxious and uneasy. Let him be quiet for a while first. I will talk to him about this after the party.
      Dean pulled Toby away to talk about the negotiation between the two packs. I was attracted by the crowd in the distance. It turned out to be Fiona. She missed Neil's speech, but in terms of the embarrassment of this speech, she came at a good time.
      She was dressed like a big pink cake. Fiona's skirt was very gorgeous and complicated. The pink lace wrapped her up layer by layer. It seemed that she was ready to let Neil announce that she was Luna.
      Neil must have seen her. Everyone present saw her, but Neil ignored her like air and walked towards me.
      I did not avoid Neil because I believed that he would not dare to sneak attack me at his coronation ceremony. He walked up to me and said, "You are so beautiful today."
      My tone was absolutely not friendly. "What are you doing? Kidnapper."
      "Don't say that. I never thought of hurting you."
      "Yes, you just use me as bait."
      "I'm sorry about that. I just want to get my things back."
      I didn't want to refute him or hear him say anything more, but he kept blocking me. "What do you want?" I raised my voice.
      "Are you willing to be my Luna?"
      "You are ridiculous." I turned to leave, but Neil held my hand.
      "I'm telling the truth. I never wanted anyone else to be my Luna."
      "I don't want to be your Luna." "I shook his hand off." Fiona had been looking at you. Obviously, you should go to her. "
      "I have never liked Fiona. You know. I saved you from her two years ago. Do you remember?"
      "Two years ago? I treated you as a friend, but what about you? You kidnapped my mate and threatened him!" If he hadn't mentioned things of two years ago, I might not have been so angry.
      Neil was about to speak when he suddenly sniffed in the air. "You were marked?"
      "Yes, Isaac marked me."
      "It doesn't matter. I don't care. You can still be my Luna."
      He was really crazy. "I said, no!"
      "What's wrong?" Toby stood in front of me. Just then, Fiona dragged her heavy dress and slowly moved over. She quarreled with Neil in a low voice, and Neil pulled her away.
      "It's nothing." I don't want others to know that Neil proposed to me. This is ridiculous.
      Toby looked at Fiona's back and said, "She really looks like a big pink cake."
      "That's right."
      "Very well. Since you are alone now, miss." Toby reached out to me. "Can I invite you to dance?" He had a smile on his face that I could not refuse.
      "Sure." I handed him my hand.
      Fiona's POV
      I have been preparing for this party since a few days ago. This is the most important day in my life. I will soon become pack's Luna. I will be the queen of everyone. I will get rid of those who disrespect me. For example, that Isaac who humiliated me everywhere, and that damn witch. I will dig out her eyes.
      When I walked into the auditorium wearing the dress I designed myself, everyone was looking at me. This made me very satisfied. I was the most dazzling in the crowd. But when I walked into Neil, he said to the witch that he wanted the witch to be Luna. Damn it! Was he playing with me? I wanted to argue with him, but Neil dragged me all the way to the logistics room.
      "Let me go!" I pulled my arm out of Neil's hand.
      Neil looked around and there was no one around.
      I rubbed my arm and said to Neil, "Are you crazy? You promised me that I can be Luna!"
      "I am Alpha now. I have the final say on who will be my Luna."
      "So you went back on your word. You want that witch to be your Luna? Aren't you afraid that I will tell others that you kidnapped Claudia and threatened Isaac?"
      "Tell them then!" Neil became even angrier. "I will cut off your tongue. How about I cut it off right now?"
      Damn it! This liar! I covered my mouth and said to him, "Do you think you can steal Isaac's mate? He will kill you."
      "Of course I have my own way. I don't need your concern."
      "You just have to keep your mouth shut."
      When I got home, I tore the dress into pieces. It was all the witch's fault for seducing men everywhere! As long as she could disappear, I was still pack's Luna.
      Claudia's POV
      Late at night, I was awakened by a shudder in my dream. Isaac lay on me, his eyes turning crimson.
      "Caesar?" I tried to call out the wolf's name. He bit my neck, and I could feel his canine teeth against my blood vessels. Nicole immediately felt a sense of crisis. She controlled my body and kicked Isaac in the stomach.
      "Nicole! He didn't want to hurt you." I tried to take back control of my body, but Nicole was still frightened. This could not be blamed on her. Caesar kept letting out a terrible roar.
      I comforted Nicole and asked her to give control to me.
      Isaac let out a heavy breath. His eyes kept changing between gold and red. I slowly walked over and hugged him. "Caesar, relax. You scared Nicole."
      Isaac's tensed muscles finally relaxed, and his eyes returned to golden brown.
      "What happened to Caesar?" I wiped the sweat off Isaac's forehead.
      "He has been very restless lately. I didn't expect him to come out and attack me while I was asleep."
      "I feel it. Do you know why?"
      Isaac pulled me to the balcony. He looked at the sky. "It's almost a full moon."
      "The full moon will affect us, but how can you let your wolf go out of control?"
      "I have been having the same nightmare these days, or not a dream, but my memory. About a year ago, when I led the team to gather information outside, my team was completely destroyed, and I was bitten in the neck by a pack Alpha. I thought I was going to die, but I didn't. When I woke up, I was holding the head of that Alpha in my hand. They were all dead."
      He never said this to me, and now I finally knew why he had such a horrible aura. It turned out that he had experienced this before.
      Isaac continued, "This is what I dreamed about. I killed everyone uncontrollably."
      I didn't want to guess if I am one of 'everyone', but I wanted to relieve his pain. I held his arm. "That was just a dream. Let's go see pack's doctor tomorrow."
      "I was afraid that I would hurt you, just like what happened just now."
      "You didn't hurt me." I showed him my neck. "I believe in you and Caesar. I will always be with you."
      "Thank you." Isaac kissed my lips lightly.

###chapter 50
  Claudia's POV
      Pack's doctor told us that there was nothing unusual about Isaac. His body was just stronger than an ordinary werewolf. Isaac had been avoiding me for the past few days because Caesar suddenly went crazy that night. He was afraid that something like this would happen again, so he planned to wait until the full moon. I could understand his mood, so I could only check his symptoms in the witch's book and see if I could help him.
      But this made Toby very happy. He had been helping me for the past two days.
      "Just like the past days." Toby handed the book to me.
      "You speak as if a long time has passed. You have always been my assistant."
      "You have the nerve to say it, especially after you were marked. How many times have we met?"
      I searched in my memory, but I didn't expect that Isaac and I were together almost at every moment. "I'm sorry. Many things happened after that."
      Toby pursed his lips. "There is no sincerity in your apologies."
      "Then what can I do to make you forgive me?"
      "Go out with me, old place."
      I still remember the bar and the painful experience of Isaac carrying him back that day. "Old place? Do you still remember how you came back last time?"
      "It was an accident. We will drink less." Toby took the book from me. "This is what you owe me."
      "Well, I won't carry you back."
      "Don't worry."
      Toby still asked us to get into the club with his privilege. To avoid annoying people, we sat down in a corner of the bar.
      "The girl has been looking at you. She is very hot." I pointed to a girl in a miniskirt. She had been looking at Toby since we entered the bar.
      Toby glanced at the girl. "Well. She is not a patch on you."
      "You can't always treat me as the standard. I can guarantee that she'll be coming over soon."
      Sure enough, when the girl saw Toby look at her, she walked towards us. She said to Toby, "Hey, can I sit next to you?"
      The girl didn't look at me at all. I was sure that she smelled Isaac on me. This was the advantage of having a powerful mate. With his mark, no one dared to approach you.
      "Sorry, no spare seat," Toby said to the girl without raising his head.
      "Whatever." The girl twisted her hips and left.
      "She's pretty cute."
      "So now you want me to be with someone else?"
      "I'm just telling the truth. It's your freedom to be with anyone."
      Toby looked like he wanted to say something, but he just drank all the wine in his glass in one go.
      "Miss, your wine." The waiter brought my wine, and before I could get it, it was snatched away by Toby. He drank my wine.
      "Don't be like this. What do you want to say?" I didn't want to see him like this.
      "You know what I want to say. I only like you." Under the dim light, Toby's eyes were bright. I knew that he liked me, but I felt that he had only been with me for too long.
      "You haven't found your mate yet. Don't spend so much time on me."
      "Mate again. All of you talk about mate, but I can't control myself from not liking you." Toby left his seat.
      I waited for a while, but Toby still did not come back. This made me anxious. Toby was in a very bad state. He would not leave me directly. I looked for him in the direction he left. The air in the bar was mixed. I carefully looking for him and finally smelled a little of Toby's mint scent.
      I followed the smell to the warehouse at the back door of the bar. It was dark and there was no one. I wanted to turn on the light to take a look, but a person held my hand.
      The person opposite me pressed me against the wall. I could smell a fresh mint smell. "Toby? Is that you?" But the person did not respond. I turned on the light with my other hand with difficulty. The Toby in front of me startled me.
      "What happened to you?" I asked him because he looked very strange. Toby's dark brown eyes turned black and his throat let out heavy breathing. I guessed that he was controlled by his wolf Akio. I tried to appease him.
      "Akio, relax. Let me go first, okay?"
      But Akio ignored me. He bit the skin on my neck with his teeth. I was pressed against the wall by Toby. I could feel the heat of his lower body rubbing against my body. Oh no, he was in rut.
      ""Stop!" I ordered Akio, but he acted as if he didn't hear me. He still tore my clothes. The smell of Isaac marking on my body made Akio angry. He bit my mark. Nicole was so anxious because of his movements that she wanted to jump out to stop Toby. But I was afraid that she would hurt Toby. I wanted to push him away, but he held me tightly. Akio's hand touched my body, which completely infuriated Nicole.
      Nicole snatched the control over me. She bit Akio's neck. Akio released me because of the pain. Nicole jumped onto Akio's back and strangled Akio's neck from behind. Akio was also enraged. He threw Nicole off his back.
      Nicole rolled on the ground. Then she transformed. She pounced on Akio and bit his arm. Akio also shifted. He knocked Nicole over with a claw. I had never seen Akio so violent. What on earth happened to him?
      I couldn't let them fight like this. This way, we would die here. I took back control and turned back into human form. Akio directly pounced on me. I could feel his rough fur rubbing against my skin. I looked at Akio's eyes and chanted the spell. I was not sure if this spell would work.
      Since I became a real witch, I found that I could use my ability to read minds and control others. But this ability was very difficult to master. I only succeeded once. But now it must succeed. Akio looked at me with eyes that were no longer clear. They were full of desire.
      "Stop! "I ordered Akio in my mind. His movements paused a little. I quickly escaped from his body. He shook his head. Sure enough, I still failed? Fortunately, I escaped his control. Akio continued to rush towards me. I used my own blood to draw a magic array under my feet. I dodged Akio's attack. When he stood on the magic array, I chanted an incantation and activated the magic array.
      A powerful shockwave spread out from the ground. It was like an explosion. Akio was blown to the side and fainted. I breathed a sigh of relief and knelt on the ground. Controlling other people's mind was very exhausting for me. Even if I only succeeded for a second, I was as tired as if I had just finished a marathon.
      After a while, I got up from the ground. When I walked to Toby, he had already returned to his human form. I felt his body temperature and pulse. Fortunately, he had returned to normal.
      My movements woke Toby up from his coma. He looked at me and said, "What happened just now? I was in so much pain."
      "Akio was out of control. He wanted to attack me."
      "Are you hurt? I just felt confused and I couldn't remember anything."
      "I'm fine. Do you know the reason why Akio suddenly became like this?"
      "Ever since I left my seat, I felt very anxious. Akio directly jumped out and snatched the control. Akio listened to me very much. He had never been like this before."
      "Yes, you were very normal before. Until..." For some reason, the waiter's face suddenly appeared in my mind. The bar was very dark, and I could not see his face clearly. But I always felt that his face was very familiar.
      "Did you see the waiter who served me the wine? He was a little strange."
      "I didn't notice. I was still angry at that time. Do you remember?"
      I was too lazy to argue with him. I pulled Toby back to the bar counter. "Who sent me the wine just now?" I asked the bartender.
      He thought about it and said, "A newcomer who just came today. Is there a problem?"
      I quickly went to our table to find the wine glass that Toby had drunk, but only the wine glass that he used was taken away. So the waiter was targeting me? Toby was just unlucky enough to drink my wine.
      I carefully recalled the face of the waiter just now in my mind. I had definitely seen him somewhere. Then this face coincided with the face in my memory. In order to disguise himself, he covered his eyes with glasses and wore a furry fake beard to cover his face shape. Very smart, Neil.

###chapter 51
  Claudia's POV
      I brought Toby to the hospital. pack's doctor took Toby's blood for a check-up. He told us that the poison in Toby was a well-known forbidden medicine in the pack. It was a medicine that could cause wolf heat. Medicine usually circulated in the black market. Normal people would not be able to get it. Toby was left in the ward for observation by the doctor. He also needed to remove the poison in his blood through the infusion.
      I accompanied Toby by his bedside. He kept asking me who drugged him. I could not tell him now. I had no evidence to prove that this was Neil's doing. I had to meet Neil personally. I was still thinking about how to deal with Neil. The bigger trouble was coming soon.
      Isaac rushed in from outside the ward. He smelled the air and then pulled Toby out of bed. "What did you do to her?"
      Toby was strangled by the collar and could not speak. I wanted to break Isaac's hand. "Let go of him. He has nothing to do with this."
      "Your body is full of his smell!" Isaac roared at me.
      "He didn't do anything to me! He is also a victim."
      "A victim?" Isaac slowly loosened Toby's collar.
      "Yes, someone drugged me, but Toby drank it." I continued, "His wolf was out of control. We fought, but he couldn't hurt me." I didn't dare to tell Isaac that Akio wanted to rape me. That way, he would beat him up regardless of whether Toby was a victim or not.
      Isaac let go of Toby. "Who wants to drug you?"
      I didn't know if it was a good idea to tell Isaac about this. He was already unstable. Isaac saw my hesitation and pulled me out of the ward.
      "If you don't speak, I know who you are suspicious of."
      Isaac and I swore to each other that we must be honest with each other. But I was afraid that he would lose control. After all, Neil had once kidnapped me. Isaac's patience for Neil had reached its limit. "I can tell you, but you have to promise me that you won't be impulsive. You have to listen to me."
      "Okay, I promise you," Isaac said to me.
      "I suspect that Neil drugged me, but I don't have any evidence yet. I want to confront him face to face."
      "This bastard." Isaac clenched his fists. The killing intent from his body made my palms sweat.
      "Calm down. I can't be sure that it's him."
      "You want to confront him? I'll go with you." I knew he was going to say that.
      "Okay," I promised him. "But you can't be impulsive."
      I entrusted Toby to the doctor. He promised me to stay in the hospital. When it was dark, Isaac and I left the hospital. In order to prevent Neil from escaping halfway, we sneaked into Neil's room to wait for him. When the light in the room lit up, Neil saw us and was shocked. He subconsciously wanted to run. Isaac was faster than him. He blocked the door in front of Neil and locked it.
      "What are you going to do?" Neil asked me.
      "You know what you did." I looked into Neil's eyes.
      [How did she know? Did she see through my disguise? ] Neil's inner thoughts had already exposed him, but he still pretended not to know anything.
      What did I do?
      What did you put in my wine when you pretended to be a waiter in the bar that day?
      What bar? I don't understand what you are talking about. 'He was still resisting. I nodded to Isaac. He immediately understood what I meant.
      Isaac knocked Neil to the ground with a punch. He bent Neil's arm in a strange arc with anti-joint capture. Although this was Isaac's most gentle method, Neil's face was still red because of the pain.
      "I said I don't know!" Neil continued to resist. I squatted down and looked at him.
      [This damned Isaac. If I tell the truth, it won't be a problem of losing an arm. ] I had to say that he guessed correctly, especially with Isaac's current state. I couldn't guarantee that I could control Isaac. But Neil went too far, and we had to use this tactic to deal with him.
      "I am very curious how you got the forbidden medicine. Will Alpha still go to the black market on his own?" I gave Isaac a meaningful look.
      Isaac was exerting his strength, and I could hear the sound of Neil's bones breaking. Neil's face was twisted because of the pain.
      "If you tell the truth now, I will let you go. If you don't say it, wait for me to break all the bones in your body," Isaac said to him.
      "You two terrorists! I am your Alpha!" Neil shouted, but Isaac did not care about Neil. He continued to move his hands.
      "Ah!" Neil finally screamed. "You damn bastard s! I put the medicine on you. Are you satisfied?"
      Isaac finally let go of his arm. "Where did the medicine come from?" I asked him.
      "I bought it from rouge outside." Neil held his arm.
      His answer surprised me. "You actually made a deal with rouge? Do you still remember that your identity is Alpha?"
      "Hahahaha!" Neil laughed as if he had heard the biggest joke in the world. "Only I remember that my identity is Alpha, you!" He pointed at me and Isaac. "When did you treat me as Alpha, including pack's people? Do they think I can't see their disdainful eyes?"
      "You kidnapped Claudia for this damn position." Isaac pinched Neil's broken arm. "You should have known that no one wanted you to be Alpha!"
      Neil said to Isaac, "You madman, I should have killed you first."
      Isaac sneered, "Why do you think you can kill me? Even Andre can't do it."
      "Because I am pack's Alpha. It is all because of you that pack's people look down on me! You are inferior to me and you should kneel under my feet." Neil shouted. I felt that he was jealous of Isaac to the point of insanity.
      "You are just like Andre now, making me sick. Do you want to hear the truth? Your Alpha status is a handout from me."
      "No! This is not true!" Neil shook his head and wanted to deny this fact. "I tell you what is true. The medicine was placed by me because I want to fuck her. I want to fuck your mate, I want her to be my Luna!" I wanted to stop Neil from saying this, but it was too late. He completely angered Isaac.
      Isaac's eyes were red. He punched Neil in the face. Neil knelt on the ground and spat out a mouthful of blood. I was afraid that if he really killed Neil, his mother would be sad. I pulled Isaac. "Think about your mother. Neil is also her child."
      Isaac slowed down, but Neil turned into a wolf and bit Isaac's leg. Isaac's eyes turned red and he pushed me away.
      "Caesar! Don't kill him!" But Caesar lost his mind like that night.
      Caesar did not turn into a wolf at all. He grabbed Neil's mouth, and Neil's teeth pierced his palm. However, Caesar did not even blink. He used his two hands to open Neil's mouth. The wolf's greatest strength was its bite force, but Caesar easily opened Neil's mouth. I could not imagine his strength.
      Until I heard a "crack" sound. Neil's jaw had been broken. His big mouth could no longer be closed. Caesar took out a short knife from behind his waist. His hands quickly healed. I could see his wound closed. Caesar held the short knife and was about to stab it into Neil's heart.
      "Stop!" A familiar woman's voice came from the door.

###chapter 52
  Claudia's POV
      Isaac's knife had already stabbed into Neil's chest. However, the knife did not go deep into his chest. It only pierced his skin. Isaac's eyes changed between red and gold. Isaac's mother, Victoria, shouted to Isaac, "Don't kill him!"
      "Look into my eyes." I held his face. "Isaac, I know you can hear me and control yourself."
      Isaac's eyes slowly turned back to normal gold. Neil had already fainted. Victoria said to Isaac, "Are you going to kill your younger brother"
      I wanted to tell her that Isaac couldn't control himself just now, but he spoke first.
      Isaac covered his head. "Do you know what he did?"
      "No matter what he did, he is your younger brother!" Victoria was very excited.
      "This has nothing to do with you. Go back quickly." Isaac's tone was full of exhaustion.
      Victoria said to him, "Although he is the child of me and Andre, Andre is no longer here."
      "This has nothing to do with Andre! Go, I don't want to find someone to force you away."
      "I am a mother, Isaac! I have nothing now, only you."
      "He kept saying that he wanted to kill me. He also kidnapped my mate!" Isaac finally couldn't hold it in anymore and roared at Victoria.
      Victoria finally lowered his voice. "I don't know what he did, but..." She knelt on the ground and begged Isaac, "I beg you. I will take him to my mother's pack. I will watch over him so that he will never appear in front of you again."
      "I beg you..." Victoria's voice trembled. Isaac still could not refuse her. He helped Victoria up from the ground. He still let Victoria take Neil away. I gently pressed his temple with my hand. "This may be the best solution. You will regret killing your own younger brother."
      "I will never regret killing him, but my mother is too pitiful. She once sacrificed a lot for me. I can't hurt her anymore."
      "I know." I wrapped my arms around his neck.
      The next day, Neil was taken away by Victoria. pack's people wondered why Neil left. Victoria could only tell everyone that Neil was seriously ill and had to go to another pack for treatment. Otherwise, with Neil's reputation and crime, he would definitely be exiled.
      Before Victoria left, she came to me and said to me, "I apologize to you for what I did before. You are a good mate to Isaac. I am just an incompetent mother."
      "Don't say that. Isaac is very grateful to you." I used to be very afraid and even hated this indifferent queen. But she was also a poor mother. She should be in pain after being deceived by Andre for so many years.
      "Although you have changed a lot this time, I can see that you are still a kind person. Can I ask you to do something?"
      "I know what you want to say. I will take good care of Isaac."
      "Thank you." When Victoria left, she kissed the side of Isaac's face. The reluctance in her eyes was true. She might never return to the pack.
      "Are you alright?" I asked Isaac.
      "I'm fine." Isaac lowered his head. I could not see his expression.
      As soon as Victoria left, Dean came to us. He said to Isaac, "What reason do you have to refuse now?"
      "Can't you let me go?" Isaac said helplessly.
      "You know, everyone is waiting for you. pack can't live without Alpha. Everyone wants you to be our Alpha."
      "Let me ask my mate." Isaac suddenly asked me, "Are you willing to be our pack's Luna?" I hated him and he turned to me.
      Dean looked at me expectantly. I didn't know how to respond. I had never thought about how to be a pack's Luna. I glared at Isaac, but he only put on an innocent expression.
      As if giving up, I sighed. "I don't know. I'm a witch. They won't recognize me."
      "Whether they admit it or not, you are my mate." Isaac looked into my eyes.
      "So you agree?" Dean asked Isaac. Isaac looked at him and nodded.
      "We will immediately announce to pack that we will hold a huge ceremony for this." Dean looked very excited. He had really waited for this for a long time.
      I have been here for several months. Now is their happiest day. Everyone is celebrating because of the new Alpha. There are always drunk people on the street. Dean is a little worried. He asked Isaac," Alpha, should we control them? "
      "Let them go," Isaac said to him, "It's been a tough couple of months for everyone."
      Isaac was much busier than before. He had to deal with a lot of the mess left by Andre and Neil. He was a very good Alpha, but I didn't know how to be a good Luna. I didn't know if it was because Isaac was too outstanding that he announced that I was pack's Luna, people didn't overreact. They were all immersed in joy.
      "What are you thinking about?" Isaac sat behind his desk and waved at me.
      I walked over and he pulled me to his lap. "It's nothing. Let me go. What if someone comes in?"
      "I don't see anything wrong with me holding my Luna." The tip of his nose rubbed against my face.
      "This is the office!" I felt a slight itch on my cheek because of his movements.
      "My office." Isaac put his hand on my thigh, and sparks flew wherever he touched me. He kissed the mark on the back of my neck, and I made a comfortable sound from my nose.
      Suddenly there was a rapid knock on the door, and I immediately stood up from Isaac. Isaac pointed to my chest, and I quickly buttoned up my shirt. His hand was too fast, and I didn't even notice when his clothes had been undone.
      The person who came in was Toby. I had been with Isaac these days, and I hadn't seen him much. "It's you!" I gave him a big hug.
      "It's been a long time. How does it feel to be Luna?" Toby asked me.
      "It's pretty good." Isaac was dissatisfied with our neglect of him He coughed behind me.
      "What are you doing here?" Isaac asked Toby.
      "I came to negotiate on behalf of White Claw pack. Thanks to the two unreliable Alpha in front of you, our negotiation has been delayed for a long time."
      "Go back and tell your father that I will not fight. This is my promise."
      "Is it so casual? Even if I believe you, how are you going to convince the warriors who killed their families?"
      "I will draft a paper agreement. No one here wants to fight now. But if you attack first, I can promise you that you will definitely lose miserably."
      "I know. There is one more thing..." Toby looked at me, hesitating to speak.
      "Do you need me to give you some space?" I asked him.
      Isaac said, "Just say it. Claudia and I have no secrets."
      Toby said to Isaac, "Well, actually my father wants to see you. He is very grateful to your biological father."
      Isaac looked at me and I said to him, "Alpha Richard is a very good person. He will not do anything to us."
      "I will go when I have time. Help me thank him for his invitation," Isaac said to Toby.
      Toby was about to leave the office. "Wait!" I stopped him.
      I looked at Isaac with expectant eyes. He sighed. "Well, you go. But remember that we have an appointment tonight."
      "I remember." I pushed Toby out of the office.
      Toby complained to me, "Isaac just quarreled with me in my mind."
      "I am curious about what the content is?"
      "I just congratulated him on becoming Alpha?"
      "And then?"
      "I said he sat behind his desk like a mafia."
      "You should be glad that Isaac became more steady after he became Alpha."
      "Don't you think so?"
      To be honest, it was quite similar, especially when he looked down at others with a mercury gun. But if he really shouted, he should be smashed by Isaac's gun butt. "You shouldn't mention this in front of him in the future."
      "You are really biased. He called me boy, and you never helped me refute. I came to see you on purpose this time."
      Because your childish temper makes you look much younger than us. I dare not say this to him, and he will definitely be angry. So I can only say, "Thank you for coming to see me."
      "Now there are only the two of us. You can tell the truth. What do you think about becoming Luna?" Toby was really sharp when it came to people.
      "I don't know. I am very happy to become Isaac's Luna. But I don't know what to do."
      "What did he say?" He was referring to Isaac.
      "Isaac didn't give me any pressure. This is what makes me uneasy. He is a very outstanding Alpha. He has made a lot of preparations to become Alpha since he was a child. But I didn't. I used to be a slave and now I am a witch."
      "I didn't expect you to be so unconfident." Toby had a puzzled expression on his face. "You are the most beautiful and powerful werewolf I have ever seen. This is not to comfort you. I am telling the truth."
      "Everyone has times when they are not confident. If I let you replace your father as Alpha now, are you confident?"
      "My elder brother will inherit Alpha. I never thought about this."
      "This is it. I have never thought of being Luna."
      "You can ask my mother. She is the best Luna I have ever seen."
      "I will."
      Fiona's POV
      Neil was sent to another pack by his mother. I have lost my last ally. Isaac sent people everywhere to search for me. He must still hate me for kidnapping Claudia. Fortunately, the pack has been in a party these days. No one noticed me.
      "Damn witch, after she came back, she took away everything that should have belonged to me. The envious eyes of the others would have looked at me. Most importantly, my position as Luna was also taken away by her. What right does she have to be Luna? A damn slave. My status is much higher than hers!"
      But those damn commoners were discussing, "She is a witch, but she is also a werewolf."
      "I believe in Moon Goddess. Alpha's mate must be our Luna."
      Even children said that our Luna is the most beautiful of all packs.
      I swear, I will make her live a life worse than death! I will dig out her damned green eyes! So I found my 'friend'. He is a businessman from the black market. Neil once forced me to introduce the businessman to him, but who would have thought that he was so stupid that he could make a mistake in medicine?
      "Are you sure this is useful? I am not going to deal with ordinary witches."
      "Don't worry, this is the medicine I have been looking for for a long time."
      The night of the full moon is coming. I spent all my money on this medicine. I want them all to die, the witches and her loyal puppy, and our new Alpha.

###chapter 53
  Claudia's POV
      In fact, the White Claw pack does not welcome Isaac's arrival, but they are very surprised that I am Isaac's mate. They have never heard of any witch becoming pack's Luna. Although they respect me very much, the werewolf has always been biased against witches.
      Alpha Richard invited us to meet at his home. He almost thought that Isaac was his family because he recognized him at first sight when he saw Isaac. Richard stared at Isaac's face and said, "It's too similar!"
      Toby received this arrangement unexpectedly. I always felt that his relationship with Isaac was better than what they showed on the surface.
      "I really didn't expect Claudia to be your mate." Richard said to Isaac, "Claudia is a powerful witch. I found her through many people."
      "We've been mates for a long time. I wasn't in pack when she was a witch."
      "I invited you here this time to tell you about your father."
      "I only know that he is your former Alpha." Isaac finally became interested in what Richard said.
      "Yes, he was our former Alpha and the strongest of us. If he hadn't chosen to protect us, he would have survived." Richard said with sadness on his face.
      "I remember that you suffered heavy casualties."
      "Yes, all of us survived with the help of your father. But if he didn't choose to save us but gave everything to his wolf, he would win the war."
      "Will he win a war with such a large number of people?" I asked Richard. I read about this war from the books. The difference in numbers between them was very shocking. It was reasonable that White Claw pack would lose.
      "Yes, he is so strong. This wolf's ability can only be possessed by your direct descendants, blood relatives. So you should be the only one who has the ability now."
      Isaac's face changed. He must have thought of the same thing as me. He said to Richard, "I am not sure if Caesar has activated this ability. I have been a little unable to control him recently."
      "I am not sure either. I am just his cousin. We have never seen your father's wolf. He is usually strong enough." I always feel that Richard is talking about Isaac himself. "But those who have seen the wolf are either dead or seriously injured. They are all very secretive about your father."
      I asked Richard, "He has been having nightmares recently. Is there a connection?"
      "Maybe. Is it going to be a full moon soon?"
      "Is it related to the full moon?" Isaac asked him.
      "I'm not sure, but your father locks himself at home when he is a full moon. We don't know what happened. He will be tired the next day, but he looks fine."
      "I never heard my mother say this." Isaac sounded a little disappointed.
      "She must be too sad to mention it."
      "I think I know. Thank you for inviting me over."
      "We owe your father this."
      Richard invited us to have dinner at his house. Toby and Isaac had a rare peaceful night. On the surface, they stared at each other at the table. I knew they were quarreling with their minds, but they seemed to have forgotten that except for Toby and me, everyone here could connect them.
      "Toby! What did you say to Alpha Isaac?" Richard spoke first.
      "He was the one who laughed at me first!"
      "Toby!" Luna's voice became stern.
      "I'm sorry, mother." Toby lowered his head.
      Toby's brothers were holding back their laughter. The corners of Isaac's mouth also curled up slightly. I was very happy that he could have a new family. Toby's family was very warm. This was what I had always wanted Isaac to feel.
      "I am very happy that you are Crimson Shadow pack's leader," Luna asked me. "Toby did not cause trouble for you."
      "No, he often helped me and saved my life. I am very grateful to him."
      "Toby told me that you are very puzzled about Luna's duty."
      "A little. I am a witch."
      "I don't think it is a disadvantage. Luna's powerful ability is very important. You have just become Luna. You have to adapt slowly. The most important thing is that your Alpha will support you."
      "Isaac supports me very much. I think he is going to spoil me."
      "Haha, I can see that you have a good relationship. The relationship between Alpha and Luna is also very important to pack. You have to let it be."
      "Thank you, I got it," Isaac asked me with his eyes. I smiled at him. I could no longer affect my mate with anxiety. He was not in a good state of mind.
      After we returned to pack, Isaac's nightmare continued. He always woke up in the middle of the night. I tried a lot of medicine for calmness, but it was useless. The doctor could not find anything. Through Richard's description, I checked a lot of books, but there was no record of Isaac's situation.
      However, this did not affect Isaac's work. He became busier and busier. Tomorrow was the full moon. This full moon was the brightest time of the year. On the night of the full moon, Isaac did not intend to go out to avoid accidents.
      I was going to stay at home with Isaac until I received the letter. I did not know who sent the letter. The words on the note were pieced together, but the things in the envelope made my hair stand on end. A knife stained with blood, on which was the smell of Toby's blood. It was written on the note. "If you don't want him to die, come to the forest in the east of pack alone."
      I contacted Toby, but he did not respond at all. Panic took over my heart, and the bad premonition of things made my hands tremble. This was obviously a trap, but I could not watch Toby get into trouble. I brought enough medicine and Isaac's mercury gun. The location of the note was outside of the pack, and the other party was likely to be rouge. If there were not many people, I could deal with it.
      I did not want to ask Isaac to go with me. He was now doing a follow-up in the hospital, and his condition was very bad. I did not want anything to happen to him.
      I came to the place on the note. I didn't know if it was because of the full moon, but the woods were illuminated by the moonlight and the fog that could not be dispersed. I waited there for a while, and I heard a few people approaching me.
      This was indeed rouge's territory. rouge surrounded me, and there were only three to five people on the opposite side. I could still cope.
      "Where is Toby?" I put my hand on the water silver spear at my waist.
      "What Toby?" rouge was puzzled by my question. "We came here because a young lady said that she would give us a big gift."
      "What miss?" I suddenly felt a tiny sting on the back of my neck like a needle. I touched there and felt an anesthetic dart. I turned to look behind me.
      Fiona looked at me with her arms crossed and smiled. The scenery in front of me suddenly spun and my strength was lost in my body. I could only kneel on the ground to support myself from falling down. She squatted beside me and stabbed a small needle into my arm. After a few seconds, my consciousness blurred.
      "The effect of this medicine is really good. Do you know how many days I have been looking to find the medicine against witches?" Fiona shouted to the group of rouge, "This is my gift to you. She is a rare witch. Of course, it's the same for me if you treat her as a tool for venting your desires."
      My limbs lost the strength to support me and I fell to the ground. "Bitch." I used all the strength in my body to say this word.
      Fiona kicked me in the stomach and "enjoyed the rest of your time." She walked further and further away in my blurry vision.

###chapter 54
  Claudia's POV
      The next scene I saw was dizzy. One rouge leaned close to my face. "You heard it too. This witch is very rare. Let's take her back."
      The other rouge answered him, "Yes, if she satisfies the boss, maybe we can continue to fuck her." He let out a wretched laugh.
      No, I can't let them take me away. I can't imagine what will happen next. I know rouge's way of doing things too well. The cold touch of the mercury gun is still on my waist. I moved my fingers and wanted to secretly take out the gun. But they immediately found my movements. One of them, rouge, was groping on my waist.
      "See what I found?" He pulled out the gun from my belt.
      "This is an unexpected surprise." The other rouge held the gun in his hand and observed. The gun itself was not precious, but the production of mercury bullets was complicated.
      Rouge pulled my hair and lifted my head. "In a while, don't try to play any tricks in front of our boss. Otherwise, I will shoot this bullet into your beautiful eyes."
      I was carried by a rouge. I felt dizzy and dizzy. I wanted to call Isaac's name, but my consciousness seemed to be floating in the clouds. I could not control my mind at all.
      I bit my tongue hard to let myself regain some consciousness, hoping that this special medicine to the witch did not affect my wolf. "Nicole!" But there was no response to my voice.
      My mind was disturbed, and I did not know where Nicole had run off to. In the chaos, I caught a trace of something different, just like a faint cedar smell. The mark Isaac gave me helped me regain a little of my consciousness.
      "Nicole!"
      "I am."
      "Quickly tell Isaac about my situation." After saying this to Nicole, I returned to a chaotic state, hoping that she could connect to Caesar.
      I wasn't sure how much time had passed. rouge threw me to the ground, and now I couldn't even move a finger. A tall black shadow walked up to me.
      "Find me a woman. A beautiful woman." The black shadow approached me and I felt something moving on my face.
      "Boss, she is a witch. She is also a very rare one. I heard that they have different abilities."
      "Ha, a witch. You did a good job."
      Rouge's boss picked me up and placed me on a soft platform. The texture of the fabric was under my hands, and I guessed that it was a bed. Then I heard the sound of clothes being torn apart in a trance.
      I wanted to struggle, I wanted to shout loudly, but I didn't even have the strength to open my mouth. In front of him, I was a cloth doll at his mercy. My skin felt a burst of warmth. Something touched me randomly, and I was so disgusted that I wanted to vomit. But my mind seemed to be in another place.
      "Ouch!" Suddenly I heard a roar, and then a warm and sticky liquid flowed on my body. I smelled a strong smell of blood.
      Isaac's POV
      "Claudia is in danger!" Caesar suddenly popped up in my mind. I called out to my mate in my mind, but she seemed to have disappeared.
      "Do you know where she is? I can't feel her." I asked Isaac hastily.
      "I'm not sure either. Nicole only sent me a message. She disappeared too."
      Damn it, I could only use the most primitive method. I immediately rushed to Claudia's room. There was a strange smell in her room. I followed the smell and found a bloody knife. The blood on it was not Claudia's, but another person I was familiar with.
      I called Toby through the spiritual connection. "Do you know where Claudia is?"
      "Why are you asking me? The person who is with her every day is you. Did something happen to her?"
      "She is in danger. I can't feel her. I only found a knife in her room. It is your blood."
      "My blood? I know where she is! Hurry to the forest on the east side of pack!"
      I kept running. Toby was also on the way to the forest. He told me that he was attacked by rouge over there yesterday. However, the other party stabbed him and ran away. He also felt puzzled. Someone must have used this as bait to trick Claudia into a trap. I was not sure if the other party was rouge, because rouge would not come up with such a delicate plan.
      It had just entered the night. The full moon hung in the sky. Today's moon made me feel very uncomfortable. She emitted a dangerous hazy red light. When I walked into the forest, I could clearly smell Claudia. There was also the stench of rouge. Caesar let out a low roar. I hoped that I could save her in time. If something happened to her, I would not be able to forgive myself.
      I followed her scent to a camp of rouge. "What are you doing?" A guard rouge stopped me.
      I didn't want to talk nonsense with him. I punched him in the face. I could hear the sound of his skull cracking. rouge and the others clearly felt me. They surrounded me.
      Of course, I could kill them, but now I didn't have time to do this. I spread my aura and rouge retreated. I approached rouge in front of me. He knelt on the ground and trembled.
      "What kind of monster is he?" rouge whispered.
      "I only felt this aura from Boss. We will die."
      Then I smelled Toby. He attacked one of the rouges. "Go find Claudia!"
      I kicked open the only wooden door in the camp that could be called a house. Then I saw Claudia being pressed down by a huge rouge. Her clothes were torn and tattered. rouge touched her body and rubbed his dirty things against Claudia's thighs.
      My body was faster than my brain. By the time I reacted, my hand had already passed through rouge's body. Anger burned my blood vessels like fire. I wanted to kill him!
      Rouge, who was pierced by me, let out a painful howl. He turned into a giant brown wolf in front of me. I saw his wound rapidly healing. I had never seen any rouge with such a powerful healing ability. He pounced on me and roared at me. I could smell the stench in his mouth. His saliva flowed down his sharp teeth to my body.
      Caesar roared in my mind. I heard the sound of my bones being dislocated. He forced me to transform. Just like the night when I was about to die, my heart was beating violently. Everything in front of me turned red. "Kill them all!" My voice kept shouting in my mind.
      Claudia's POV
      The fear of death enveloped me. My body suddenly trembled. This horrible feeling awakened a trace of my consciousness. I tried to open my eyes, wanting to see the source of my fear.
      Not far from me, a grey-black wolf and a brown wolf were biting each other. Their bodies were very large and their healing ability was very strong.
      "Isaac?" The grey-black wolf's eyes were bright red. It seemed that he could not hear my voice.
      I grabbed the sheet to cover my body. I wanted to leave here, but the medicine Fiona gave me still made my legs weak. I fell down after a few steps, but I did not feel pain. Someone caught me.
      "Are you okay?" A familiar voice asked me.
      I tried to identify the face in front of me. "Toby? Why are you here?"
      "Let's talk about this later." He took out a small bottle from his clothes. "Drink this first." I used his hand to drink up the liquid in the bottle. It was the smell of the antidote that I was very familiar with.
      My consciousness slowly woke up. Toby whispered to me, "You can sneak out now. rouge and the others are besieging Isaac."
      I looked in the direction of Isaac. He was surrounded by rouge, but rouge did not dare to approach the battlefield between him and rouge. There was a rouge who tried to sneak attack, but his ribs were broken by Isaac's claws. He could only lie on the ground and spit blood.
      Rouge, who was holding my water silver spear, shot him from behind. Isaac did not have any reaction after being shot. He crushed the hand holding the spear and rouge.
      "I can't leave now. Isaac looks very strange." I can feel that my mate has separated me, but he has completely lost his mind on the other side of the wall. His attacks are full of killing intent. I can't see any sense of reason in his red eyes.
      "I know! I can't connect with him. He will kill you," Toby shouted in my ear.
      The grey-black wolf knocked the brown wolf down with one paw. He pounced on the brown wolf and bit his skin and flesh. The roar of the brown wolf penetrated the whole forest. The surrounding rouge was shaking and their tails were clamped. The brown wolf wanted to get up, but Caesar's huge claws stepped on his throat. He sent a distress signal to his subordinates, and rouge finally rushed up together.
      It was like hell on earth in front of me. The black shadows of trees lay across the red ground. It was not because the red full moon was shining on the camp, but because the blood had soaked the ground. There was only a bit of flesh between the brown wolf's head and neck. Rouge's limbs were scattered on the ground, and the smell of blood in the air was very strong. It was like we were in the belly of a beast. I covered my mouth to prevent myself from vomiting. Toby's face also turned pale.
      The only wolf that survived that battle was a grey-black wolf. His fur was stuck together with blood. He stared at me and Toby with red eyes. I couldn't see any shadows of Isaac and Caesar in his eyes. The one in front of me was a monster. His eyes were full of bloodthirsty desire.
      Toby stood in front of me. "He has gone crazy. I don't know how long I can stop him. Run!"
      "Do you want me to watch you die?" I don't intend to leave. I want to try to use my ability to control his thoughts. Although I have never succeeded for more than a second, I can't let Isaac go crazy and kill Toby. Then he will destroy himself.

###chapter 55
  Claudia's POV
      Toby's eyes turned black. He let Akio take over his body. Black hair grew on his body, and Toby also turned into a wolf. Caesar growled at Akio. We could all feel the terrifying aura coming from his body. This was the pressure from a superior. Akio's claws dug deep into the soil to force himself not to tremble.
      I looked at the red eyes and tried to enter his mind. But a powerful spiritual force interfered with me, and my head felt a sharp pain. Countless images flashed in front of my eyes, and my ears were filled with sharp sounds. Isaac's current spiritual world was full of darkness and screams. I felt like I had entered a crazy amusement park. Anger and pain were transmitted into my mind through his spirit. Because I received too much in an instant, I immediately retched.
      Caesar flew towards Akio. Akio jumped to the right to avoid him, but Caesar's claws still left a wound on his body. Akio's blood made Caesar even more excited. Caesar used a fake move to deceive Akio. He used his own weight to press down on Akio. Akio struggled under him. He wanted to bite Akio's neck, but Akio used all his strength to push him away.
      Akio escaped Caesar's suppression, but a large piece of flesh was torn off his neck. His carotid artery was torn apart, and blood kept gushing out from it. His self-healing ability was not so strong, and Caesar approached him step by step.
      I continued to try to control Caesar, but his powerful spiritual force kept refusing me. Akio's neck was still bleeding, and Caesar's claws were right above his head. No! I couldn't let him kill Toby! I immediately transformed and stood in front of Akio. Caesar's claws patted my back, and I felt like my internal organs were about to be shaken out.
      Akio took advantage of this moment to bite Caesar's leg. Caesar howled in pain. He knocked Akio to the side, and I could hear the sound of bones breaking. Akio fainted. Caesar stared at me with red eyes.
      My white fur was dyed red with blood. I looked into his eyes. If I did not succeed this time, I would definitely die here. After so much suffering, I finally had my own mate and status. Things should not end like this. I would not allow it!
      I broke into Isaac's spiritual world again. My head was about to crack.
      "Caesar! I order you to stop!" Caesar hesitated. I could feel the blood flowing from my nose, but it was not enough.
      I held the ruby ring in my hand. It could strengthen the witch's ability. "Stop!" I gathered all my mental strength and issued an order. The ring shattered in my hand.
      Caesar stood still and howled in pain. He used his head to hit the ground. I stopped my command and he stumbled toward me. His red eyes slowly returned to normal. I lost all my strength because of this order. My vision turned black and I fell to the ground.
      Isaac's POV
      It was like countless gunfire was fired at my head. In front of me was a chaotic red and white. I heard the sound of the wind in the woods, the sound of insects drilling out of the ground, and vague screams. I could not control myself or Caesar at all. I did not know what we were doing. I could only feel the red moon calling me.
      Then there was a voice in the distance that told me to stop. I liked that voice very much. It could make all the screams stop. I continued to search for this voice, and then I heard a clear voice. It was Claudia! I suddenly remembered everything. I came to save her. But my body could not move at all. That voice tightly bound me.
      When the sound disappeared, I saw the scene in front of me. Claudia's green eyes were shining, and golden light flashed on her irises. Then she fell to the ground.
      I quickly held her in my arms. Her body temperature was very low, and her face was pale. I felt her pulse, and her heart was beating slowly. I had to quickly send her to pack's doctor. When I left with her in my arms, I saw the miserable state of rouge's camp. My nightmare reappeared. There were corpses everywhere under the red moonlight. I also found the living Toby in the corpses. I guessed that the most serious injury on his body was caused by me losing control. He was also in a bad state. I carried him on my back and hugged Claudia with the other hand. I hoped that I could send them to the hospital in time.
      I looked a little scary. The nurses in the hospital screamed when they saw me. The doctor asked them to calm down and send the two people into the emergency room.
      After a while, the doctor came out of the emergency room. He told me that Claudia's body temperature was close to low temperature. Panic filled my heart and the feeling of hatred returned.
      The doctor saw my abnormality and quickly said to me, "Alpha, don't be nervous. There are no wounds on Luna's body. Her mental strength has been injured. She needs mate's strength now."
      I forced myself to calm down. "I got it."
      The doctor drove everyone out. I sat by Claudia's bed and tried to connect to my mate. But just as the doctor said, she was injured. Her brain created a barrier for everything. I held her hand, hoping to give her some support. Through mate's connection, I let my thoughts seep into her brain bit by bit.
      But this obviously triggered her defense mechanism. I never knew that her mental strength was so strong. She hit me out at once, and my head felt a sharp pain. I touched my nose. Sure enough, there was bright red blood flowing down. I was punished for my earlier offense, but Claudia still showed no signs of waking up. I could only endure the headache and continue to try to repair her mind.
      I didn't remember how many times I was kicked out by Claudia. I wrapped her with my smell and gently touched the mark I gave her with my hand. She finally calmed down. I could feel the change in her aura. This change happened last night. Her eyes flashed with golden light. You couldn't resist those eyes.
      When dawn broke, Claudia's temperature returned to normal. She opened her eyes and looked at me. I couldn't say a word and could only hug her tightly. Claudia said to me in an extremely weak voice, "Thank you."
      Claudia's POV
      I returned to the snow again. I walked alone in the snow. There was a soft white light in front of my eyes. My intuition told me that the white light must be very warm. I ran towards the white light.
      However, the snowstorm blocked my path. This time, the snowstorm was even bigger than before. I searched everywhere for the wolf that accompanied me last time, but he was missing this time. I wanted to call his name, but the name was right in front of my mouth. I couldn't call it no matter what. I walked with difficulty in the wind and snow. A black beast approached me.
      I wanted to avoid the beast, but he kept chasing me. I could only run in the opposite direction of the white light. I picked up a stone from the ground and smashed it hard at the beast. Only then did he run away.
      Every time I approached the white light, the beast would come out to make trouble. Every time I would use the stone to drive him away. Where are you? I missed the big grey-black wolf. I wanted to bury my face in his warm fur. I almost cried because of this. Then the snowstorm slowly stopped. I smelled a snow pine in the wind. This smell made me no longer afraid.
      When I walked into the white light again, the beast pounced in front of me. He did not hurt me. I wanted to go around him and continue walking. But he bit my clothes.
      "So it was you." I touched the beast's fur and he changed back to his original appearance.
      "Don't you want me to go there?" I pointed to the white light not far away. The gray wolf pulled my clothes and was about to pull me back. I was not as strong as him and could only follow him.
      When I opened my eyes, I saw Isaac's worried face. He hugged me, and his warm body temperature made me feel like I was back in the real world.
      Isaac put me back on the bed. I was in a hurry to ask him, "How is Toby?"
      "He is still in a coma because of excessive blood loss. He has blood in the ward next to yours."
      My brain was working normally. What happened tonight was all because of Fiona. I asked Isaac, "Has the news that I was hospitalized been spread?"
      "No, I sent you here in the middle of the night. The sun just rose."
      "That Fiona should not have gone far. I will not let her go this time."
      Isaac immediately understood what I meant. "I know, I will catch her back. You should rest well now."
      "What happened last night? I don't remember." Isaac asked me.
      "You lost control, worse than that night. I can only control your mind. This is the first time I have succeeded. But it consumes too much of my mind."
      "I'm sorry." Isaac's eyes were full of guilt.
      "You don't have to apologize to me. I know it is not you."
      "This is bad. My nightmare is real." Isaac covered his face with his hands. "I don't know what's wrong with me. I can't control myself."
      "It doesn't matter. I can control you now."
      "But you can't faint every time because you control me."
      I didn't tell him that I could. I had a breakthrough in my abilities last night. Miranda once told me that my ability to read minds was not just a simple one. Under certain circumstances, I could control people's minds. She just helped me open my talent. My real ability still needs me to train myself.
      But what really worried me was Isaac. He was usually a very rational person. I didn't know why he suddenly went crazy last night, but it was too strange last night.
      "Do you still remember the moon last night?" I asked him.
      "I remember the red full moon. But I have experienced a Blood moon before. I have never gone crazy like this."
      "Because you haven't awakened before. Do you still remember what Richard said?" I searched the books I have checked in my mind. "That's right, I know why you went crazy."

###chapter 56
  Claudia's POV
There was an ancient bloodline among the werewolves. They were werewolves from different continents. They had unparalleled strength and agility. 
However, this bloodline was almost extinct. It was recorded in history that their connection with the moon was stronger. Every time the Blood moon appeared, they would be stimulated to their strongest power, and at the same time, they would have a thirst for blood.
 Therefore, these werewolves would fight each other until the strongest one survived. The stronger the survived werewolf of the bloodline were, the easier it was to be influenced by Blood moon.
This was a blessing from Moon Goddess, and also her curse. There were many werewolves who had killed their own mate and children, and because of this, they had found the witch in the legend who could control one's mind. 
The powerful witch had fallen in love with the werewolf Alpha. She was the only one who could control Alpha's madness. The witch had lost too much spiritual strength because she frequently controlled Alpha's powerful mind, and almost died. 
Alpha painfully marked the witch, but the witch woke up because of this. So they established the connection of mate, and this bloodline retained.
I read this book when I was in coven. I thought it was a fairy tale, because the Alpha and the witch in it were very similar to Isaac and me. I didn't expect it to really exist.
After listening to my words, Isaac was silent for a while and said to me, &quot;Thank you, Moon Goddess. The mate bond saved us.&quot;
Yes, he was the one who pulled me back from the edge of death. When I woke up from the dream, I realized how horrible the white light was. Death always lured me warmly.
The nurse entered my room and said, &quot;The patient next door is awake. Do you want to go and see him?&quot;
I was about to get up, but Isaac pressed me back to the bed. &quot;You should have a good rest here.&quot;
&quot;I am fine.&quot;
&quot;Listen to your voice,&quot; Isaac said to me. My voice sounded a little weak. He touched my hair and said, &quot;I will go to see him.&quot;
&quot;Be nice to him. He is a patient.&quot; I was afraid they would quarrel in the hospital.
&quot;I think he is fine with his self-healing ability.&quot; Isaac was right. I always thought of Toby as the younger brother who needed my protection. But he also had Alpha's blood. He was much stronger than other werewolves.
Unexpectedly, while we were talking, Toby came to my ward. The nurse called him behind him. &quot;You can't run around now.&quot;
Toby turned back and said to her with a smile, &quot;I won't run around. I'll just sit here.&quot; He sat on the other side of my bed. The nurse was moved by his smile, and her face instantly turned red. Then she ran away shyly.
&quot;Very charming.&quot; I teased Toby.
&quot;Don't be like this. I came to find you as soon as I woke up.&quot; Toby's voice was energetic, but his face was not good.
Isaac said to him, &quot;Who told you to come here? You should listen to the nurse and not run around.&quot;
&quot;I don't want to be taught a lesson by someone who seriously injured me.&quot;
I whispered into Toby's ear, &quot;Isaac was just shy. He was going to see you just now.&quot;
&quot;Stop. It's terrible.&quot; Toby shrank his neck. He asked us, &quot;What happened after I fainted?&quot;
I told him about how I controlled Isaac. Of course, I didn't tell him the fact that I was about to die, and the legend of Alpha and the witch.
Toby looked a little disappointed. &quot;Wow, this is really... fantastic.&quot;
I probably knew why he was unhappy, so I changed the topic. &quot;So don't mess with me in the future. Be careful that I will brainwash you.&quot;
&quot;I have never provoked you.&quot; Toby spread his hands.
Isaac's man came in and said a few words in his ear. He nodded solemnly, and then the man bowed to me and left.
Isaac said to me, &quot;I caught Fiona.&quot;
I really admire Isaac's ability and efficiency. His people were all elites found from various places. These people only listened to his orders. They only used a few hours to catch Fiona.
So I couldn't stay in the hospital for more than a day. The scene of being hurt by Fiona always appeared in my mind.
 Since I was a slave before, she used all kinds of excuses to bully me. When she saw my eyes, she wanted to kill me. She even almost succeeded several times.
Isaac couldn't stop me, so he followed me closely. We walked into the cold and damp interrogation room. The cell next to the cell emitted a moldy smell.
We could hear Fiona cursing in the distance.&quot;Let me go, you bastards! Do you know who I am?&quot;
&quot;I know who you are.&quot; I went into the interrogation room.
&quot;How could it be you?&quot; Fiona was shocked to see me.
I approached her and rolled up my sleeve, letting her look at the pinprick in my arm. &quot;You want me to be tortured and die, but I am standing in front of you. How do you feel?&quot;
&quot;You bitch! Damn witch, you should be burned to death!&quot; Fiona scolded me.
Isaac, who was standing behind me, couldn't stand her anymore. But I stopped him. &quot;Let me do it.&quot;
&quot;Kill her!&quot; Nicole roared in my heart. &quot;If you can't do it, let me do it!&quot; Nicole hated people who challenged her status.
&quot;I am pack's Luna, I am not a judge.&quot; If I do what she did to me to her, she will definitely die.
&quot;Be the judge then. She owes you too much. As you know, as long as I expose her crimes, pack members will execute her in a more cruel way. Of course, I will be one of them.&quot;
&quot;Kill her! Kill her!&quot; Nicole screamed in my mind.
I held Fiona's neck with both hands. Her face was red because of congestion. But she still looked at me with resentment, without any intention of repenting. My hands tightened more and more. I could feel Fiona's pulse violently jumping under my hands. Fiona finally began to make a sound of suffocation, and her eyes began to roll back.
No! I let go. Fiona fell to the ground and gasped wildly. Her voice was like a pumping air. I couldn't just end a life like this, which made me feel very guilty. I knew she deserved it, but the feeling of killing her with my hands made me feel very uncomfortable.
My stomach tightened. Isaac hugged me and he patted my back. &quot;It's ok. I respect your choice.&quot;
I was overwhelmed by exhaustion. I leaned against Isaac and said, &quot;She disgusted me. I don't want to see her face again.&quot;
&quot;Okay, I will deal with her.&quot;
Isaac's POV
I sent Claudia home to rest. She had done too much these days. I could lift her up with one hand. I didn't even know how she managed to hold on with such a thin and weak body. 
I placed her on the bed, and she leaned against my chest and fell asleep. I looked at her pale face. She was now like a fragile glass doll. I combed her long silver hair with my fingers. The soft touch made me feel at ease.
I have never been so grateful to the Goddess of the Moon for giving me such a great mate. I owe her too much. We couldn't even complete the wedding because too many things happened at that time. 
I couldn't let go of all of the pack's work and prepare for the wedding with Claudia. When I finished dealing with Fiona's matter, I must hold the grandest wedding for Claudia.
When Claudia fell into deep sleep and she let out a steady breath, I left the room.
Fiona had gone crazy in prison. She would be whipped by my people if she scolded Claudia. Now it seemed that she had learned her lesson. When I walked into the cell, she did not make a sound.
&quot;Alpha.&quot; The guard holding the whip gestured to me.
Did she say anything else? Something about Luna.
She said a lot. Most of it was about Luna being bullied.  
A lot?
Yes.
I used my whip to prop up Fiona's head. &quot;How should I deal with you?&quot; Of course I would kill her, but it was too easy for her. She should not die so easily.
&quot;Please, Isaac. We have been playing together since we were young.&quot;
&quot;Yes, I never thought you would become like this.&quot;
&quot;I knew from the beginning that rouge would not think of such a delicate plan, but I did not expect that the person behind it was you. How did you collude with rouge outside?&quot;
&quot;No, I was threatened by them.&quot;
&quot;You are so smart. You know that I have killed them, so you put all the blame on the dead, and dead people won't speak.&quot; I believe it was her who made the plan for Neil. &quot;But you don't know that my mate is a witch who knows how to read one's mind.&quot;
&quot;Reading mind?&quot; Fiona widened her eyes.
&quot;It doesn't matter if I tell you this. You are going to die anyway.&quot;
&quot;You have a rouge friend. I remember that he sold medicine on the black market.&quot;
&quot;I asked him to contact you, as long as you can spare my life.&quot; Even now she still thought that I was looking for that medicine dealer.
&quot;You think I don't know what you are up to? I don't care about that medicine dealer. But since you like to be with rouge so much, I will bring you to him.&quot;
&quot;No! Please don't!&quot; Fiona shook her head frantically.
&quot;You see, you still know very well what will happen if you fall into the hands of rouge.&quot; I pinched Fiona's neck, and my fingertips had pierced her skin. &quot;You almost let Claudia experience this. I will make you repent for what you have done for the rest of your life.&quot;

###chapter 57
  Isaac's POV
      Leaving the pack always reminded me of the past. My team and I fought with all kinds of people in this kind of place to survive. Now I am a pack Alpha, but the impact this place gave me didn't change. Fiona thought that she would be safe if she didn't tell me the name of that medicine dealer. But in those two years, I had already learned everything about the black market.
      I took her to meet the medicine dealer. When he saw me, he turned and ran, but my men had already stood behind him and blocked him.
      "Why are you running?" I asked the drug dealer.
      He directly knelt on the ground. "I'm sorry! Alpha, I don't know who Fiona's medicine is for. Otherwise, how could I sell it to her?"
      "You know who I am?" He called me Alpha, but I had only been Alpha for a short time.
      "Everyone in the black market knows! The recent news about you, everybody knew it two days ago." The medicine dealer's tone was very exaggerated.
      "Know about what?"
      "About you killing all the rouge groups in the east alone!" He swallowed his saliva and continued, "The boss of that group of rouges is a real monster. I heard that he can crush people's skulls with his bare hands. But he has been killed by you."
      "So you also know who the medicine is for?"
      "I didn't know! I could swear to Moon Goddess. After the news spread, I knew that Luna was a witch. I was always worried that you would come." The medicine dealer glared at Fiona when he said this.
      "I'm not here to punish you. I need you to do something for me."
      "Sure! As long as I can do it!" The drug dealer lowered his head and touched the ground.
      I pushed Fiona, who was tied up, in front of him. "Your friend likes to be with rouge very much. Do you understand what I mean?"
      "I understand! I will find the most" suitable "rouge group for her." As he spoke, he kicked Fiona hard. Fiona made a muffled sound with cloth in her mouth .
      "And, send her away. I don't want to see her face again."
      "I promise you with my life that you will never see her again."
      "Very well, and the medicine against witches..." I looked at him meanfully.
      "I threw it away long ago!" The medicine dealer's sweat flowed down his face. "No one in the black market would dare to produce this medicine."
      "You have saved your life. Be grateful to fate." When I left, I heard the sound of medicine dealer collapsed on the ground.
      Claudia's POV
      Isaac has been busy with something I don't know recently. I don't want to read his mind. I promised him that I would trust him forever. But he was always absent-minded when facing me. I don't know what happened between us.
      "If you want to know so much, just ask him directly." Toby was impatient with me for the first time. Perhaps it was because I had been complaining to him, or simply because he didn't want to hear about Isaac.
      "What if he has been working all the time? I don't want him to think I am a suspicious person."
      "You are now." Toby's eyes never left the dessert in front of him.
      "I mean it. He has been a little cold to me recently."
      "Although I hate him very much, I don't think he will be disloyal to you. He never looks at others with any emotions, except you."
      "Is that so?" I didn't pay much attention to the look in Isaac's eyes when he looked at others.
      "You didn't notice? He looked at us like he was looking at a potato."
      Toby's description made me laugh. "You are the most handsome one among the potatoes."
      Toby rolled his eyes. "Why should I try to comfort you?"
      "I don't doubt his loyalty. He has been very strange to me recently. I want to know the reason."
      "If you want to know what he's doing, follow him." Toby chewed the cake in his mouth.
      "I don't think it's a good idea." I actually thought about it, but it's not very good.
      "So you're bothering me here?"
      "Come on, you aren't doing anything serious even if I am not here." I pointed to the desserts in front of him.
      "No, but don't let me follow Isaac with you."
      "Please." I put my hands together and looked at him pitifully.
      "I won't follow a Alpha unless I am crazy. He will find out."
      "I have an idea. Help me. I will buy all your afternoon tea in the future."
      "Okay, okay, just once. This is not for the afternoon tea. I just hope you can be at ease."
      "Thank you." I gave Toby a grateful hug.
      Toby and I used a drug to cover up the smell, hoping that it could deceive Caesar's nose. Isaac was going out before I woke up. He left a kiss on my face.
      I hugged his waist and refused to let him leave. "Stay with me for a while longer."
      "Sorry, I can't do it now. I'll come back to accompany you tonight." Isaac pulled my hand away and left the house. He was different from before. I rarely acted like a spoiled child to him. Now he didn't care about me at all. The sense of loss in my heart slowly spread.
      "He went out." I contacted Toby.
      "I know. I'm staring at him now!" It was Toby's voice on the other side of the earphone. "Jesus, why did I promise you to do this?"
      "Because you are curious too. Well, keep staring. I'll come to you immediately."
      Isaac had been staying in the office this morning, and many acquaintances entered his office. Some of them stayed for a while before leaving, and there were also the commanders who were dissatisfied with Isaac. They were still cursing when they came out of Isaac's office. But I really wanted to tell them that Isaac could hear them from the other side of the door, but he didn't fuss over it. Isaac was really busy, and I felt a little disgusted with my behavior.
      I said to Toby when it was almost noon, "Let's go."
      "Finally, I'm going to be moldy."
      When we were about to leave, Toby stopped me. Isaac came out of the office. He didn't take anyone with him. Toby signaled me to follow him, but I had already planned to go home.
      "We've already followed him here. Let's continue." Toby stared at Isaac.
      "Sometimes I wonder if you like Isaac." I teased him.
      "Don't disgust me. Where do you think he is sneaking off to?"
      "He didn't sneak around, and why did he tell me about it?"
      "So, this is the loophole. He wants to go to a place you don't know." Toby lowered his voice.
      "Okay," I was persuaded by Toby's deliberately mystifying tone.
      We followed Isaac to a beautiful greenhouse. As soon as Isaac entered, a girl came out to greet him. The girl looked like the owner of the greenhouse. She chatted with Isaac, and Isaac revealed a happy expression. I suddenly panicked. I had never heard that Isaac had such a friend. He rarely relaxed in front of outsiders, and he even had a good-looking smile on his face.
      I was sure that my expression was terrible. Toby looked at me and said, "This doesn't mean anything. Maybe Isaac is going to buy you flowers."
      I didn't say a word and continued to look at Isaac and the girl. The girl looked about the same age as us. Although she was not beautiful, she was cute. And a girl who ran a greenhouse should be able to attract a lot of attention. Isaac and her walked into the greenhouse and looked at each other. The girl seemed to be introducing all kinds of flowers to him. After a while, they stopped. The girl smiled and said something to Isaac. Isaac is actually a little shy. I have rarely seen this expression of his.
      Then I saw Isaac take out a small square box from his clothes. He smiled and opened the box to the girl. The diamond ring in the box emitted a dazzling light.
      My heart had sunk to the stomach. The scene of Isaac holding Fiona appeared in my mind again. I knew that it was all fake. I knew how much Isaac hated her, but everything in front of me reminded me of my bad memories.
      When I back to senses, I had already run to the road. Toby was chasing me behind. My hand was shaking. The scene just now was like a ghost chasing me.
      Toby panted and pulled me. "Why don't you go and ask?"
      "What's the point? You saw it too." I didn't want to tell him how badly I had been hurt the last time I wanted to ask.
      "They aren't doing anything. Isaac only showed her a ring and didn't give it to her."
      "It's a diamond ring!" I shouted to Toby. Isaac didn't give me a diamond ring, but I didn't care about it before. We were too busy at that time, and so many things happened after that. I put the diamond ring and wedding in our future plans. But now, he doesn't intend to give me this ring.
      Toby understood what I meant. "I'll send you home first. It's better for you to ask him about it."
      I had been waiting at home for Isaac to come back. My mind was in a mess. The scene of him chatting with the girl, the way they smiled, and the diamond ring. They always appeared in front of me. I couldn't control myself from thinking about it.
      Isaac saw me sitting on the bed, hugging my knees. He sat beside me. "Sorry, I wanted to come back earlier today, but there were too many things."
      "You have the fragrance of flowers," I said calmly to him.
      Isaac began to stammer, "Is there? This... is the flower they sent to my office... used for decoration."
      I looked at him in disbelief. He really would lie to me. "You bastard!" I pushed him away and rushed out of the house.

###chapter 58
  Claudia's POV
      When I ran into the woods, my feet began to tremble. I tried hard to breathe thin air. The feeling of being deceived made me angry and wronged. My nose began to sour. Then I heard footsteps behind me. Isaac must have caught up. I turned my back to him, hoping that he would not see my red eyes.
      "Stay away from me!" I shouted to Isaac.
      "What happened?" He stopped not far from me.
      "Liar!"
      "What are you talking about?"
      "I saw it all. When you were in the greenhouse."
      "You saw it?" Isaac pinched his nose. "Well, I am not ready to tell you."
      "Now you can tell me what happened between you and that girl?" I forced myself to ask him calmly, but my voice was trembling.
      "What girl?" Isaac looked puzzled.
      "Don't play dumb. You know I'm talking about the owner of the greenhouse."
      "I asked her to decorate the proposal scene for me."
      "Are you going to propose to her?" I asked without thinking.
      "What are you talking about? Of course, it's our wedding scene." Isaac's face changed from shock to relief. "Ah, I understand. You don't think I'm lying to you, do you?"
      "How would I know? You've been so cold to me recently." I looked at Isaac. "You smiled at the girl and gave her a diamond ring."
      "Oh my god!" Isaac had an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry. "I was going to give you a surprise. I asked the owner of the greenhouse to decorate the proposal site. She was very happy to participate in my proposal. And she wanted to see the style of the ring, that helps her to choose flowers for decoration."
      There was an awkward silence between us. All the blood in my body rushed to my face. It was too awkward. I was now an easily jealous woman in Isaac's heart. He was so busy but he still prepared a surprise for me. I followed him like a fool.
      "I'm sorry. I shouldn't doubt you." My ears were burning.
      Isaac saw my embarrassment and hugged me. "You are so cute. I thought I would be the only one who gets jealous."
      He rubbed the back of his hand against my cheek. "I know you have a shadow of this kind of thing. It's actually all my fault." He took out a small, velvet box from his pocket. "There is no surprise now, but the flowers I ordered can be used for the wedding."
      Isaac knelt down on one knee in front of me. His honey-colored eyes looked at me affectionately. "Claudia, will you marry me?"
      "Of course, I do." I had been looking forward to this moment since I was a little girl. When I was a slave, I hoped that someone who truly loved me would accept me and protect me. Now I met him. My tears filled my eyes.
      Isaac gently put the diamond ring on my ring finger. I didn't want him to see my tears, so before he got up, I rushed up and hugged him tightly.
      Isaac said in my ear, "Dark woods in the middle of the night. This is much worse from the proposal scene I expected."
      "You know I don't care about these things." I buried my blushing face in his neck.
      "I know. The one and only thing I want to see is your happy face."
      "Now we are going to prepare the wedding together. Do you want to go to the greenhouse and choose the flowers yourself?"
      "You said you won't talk about it." I punched Isaac in the back. He grabbed my hand and kissed it.
      "I will hold the best wedding in the world for you."
      Isaac's office had been flooded with flowers, cards, and all kinds of planning books for the wedding. I didn't have high expectations for the wedding. For me, the wedding was just a ceremony, but Isaac wanted every detail of the wedding to be perfect because he promised to give me the best wedding.
      Isaac pulled me toward him and sat between his legs. "Come to see this." There was a long list of guests in his hand. "Anyone else you want to invite?"
      "That's all. I will be anxious if there are too many people." I also sent the wedding invitation back to the coven. Miranda always hated this kind of occasion. I didn't know if she would come on the day of the wedding.
      I pointed to a name on the list. "Isn't this Alpha of Crystal pack? How do you know him? He has never been in contact with other packs." This Alpha was very strange. He didn't form an alliance or become enemies with any pack, but his powerful strength also made him and his pack survive and rise among the many packs.
      "I saved his daughter's life before. The child sneaked out the pack to play with and was almost caught by rouges."
      "You haven't told me this. I feel that your life in those two years was very wonderful."
      "You didn't tell me how you became a witch."
      "Didn't I tell you? A beautiful fairy godmother saved me."
      "Well, if you don't want to tell me, you don't have to make up stories for me."
      "What I said is the truth."
      A tall woman walked in, she exuding a sharp aura, while I sat on Isaac's lap in a large hoodie. When the woman walked to Isaac, I unconsciously straightened my back.
      "Alpha, these are the wedding dresses we transported from all over the world." The woman pointed to the dozen of large boxes that had been carried in.
      "Try them?" Isaac said to me.
      "Now? I haven't even combed my hair!"
      "It doesn't matter. Lilith is an excellent stylist." Isaac nodded to the woman.
      In the next few hours, I was like a Barbie doll at the mercy of others. Lilith brought an entire styling team, and six people decorated my body at the same time. My hair was made into perfect wavy arcs that scattered to the side, and then she stuffed me into a silk wedding dress.
      "How is it?" Lilith asked me. "This wedding dress is the famous brand Blueblood of Spain."
      I touched the fine lace on the wedding dress. I looked at myself in the mirror and was still dazed. Finally, the wedding felt real to me. I wanted to appear in front of Isaac in the most beautiful appearance.
      I perked up and said to Lilith, "I'm not very satisfied. The end of this dress is too long."
      Lilith didn't treat me with a condescending attitude anymore. "That's it. I hate people who treat their weddings casually. This is clearly the most meaningful thing in the world." She dragged me to the styling room and shouted to her team, "Come on, let's change another set."
      "Isn't this a bit ordinary?" I looked in the mirror.
      "The style is different. The Paris designer pays more attention to fashion. So what do you like?"
      "I don't know. I hope Isaac will like it."
      "Ouch!" Lilith covered her chest. "Alpha had said the same thing. He only hoped that you would like it." Lilith pushed me to the styling room again. "I am going to take out my trump card."
      I was very grateful to Lilith. She would help me change my style every time. In order to save time, I wanted to change into a wedding dress directly. However, Lilith told me not to question her profession.
      Lilith brought me to the mirror. "How about this? The royal wedding's favorite. An old brand with a hundred years of history in Italy."
      I didn't know how to describe it. This was the wedding dress in my dream. It was a pure white dream, a synonym for elegance and romance. I touched the jewelry on the veil. "This is too dazzling. I'm not sure if I can wear it."
      "It suits you very well. It will make your eyes more beautiful." Lilith pulled me and said to her team member, "Remember every detail of this style, every detail!"
      Anticipation and nervousness filled my heart. Lilith magnified my expectations for the wedding. I finally knew why Isaac wanted to control every detail of the wedding. It meant that he was also very nervous. I changed the wedding dress and found Isaac.
      "How is it? If you don't like it, let them bring some more." Isaac asked me.
      "No need. I have already chosen the best."
      "I am looking forward to it," Isaac said to me. He had more than a dozen wedding plans in his hand.
      I took the proposal from him. "I was also nervous about the wedding, but you were a little anxious. You know the most important thing to me is you."
      "Sorry, I just hope you can be happy."
      "I'm already very happy. I have the most beautiful wedding dress in the world and the most handsome Alpha." I sat on Isaac's lap, one hand around his neck.
      Tomorrow was the wedding. Isaac's men had already planned how to get him drunk. Before he was carried away by his men, he said to me in a very serious tone, "You are not allowed to call strippers. Of course, I won't let them do it." Then I heard a group of men wailing regretfully.
      "This is definitely the most boring single party!" His subordinates protested.
      "I never wanted to hold a single party!" Isaac held his forehead.
      "Luna, help us!" One of his men came up to me and said.
      "You know Isaac's character. Even if you call a stripper here, he will scare her away."
      Isaac's men could only shout for him to drink all the wine in the store, and I saw someone I did not expect.
      "Miranda? Why are you here?" The witch in front of me had long black hair scattered behind her, and her purple eyes were as cold as before.

###chapter 59
  Claudia's POV
      "I saw your wedding invitation. Congratulations." Miranda took out an envelope from her black robe.
      "You're here!" I rushed up and hugged her. "I thought the witches didn't like this kind of occasion."
      "I don't like it. But this is your wedding."
      "Thank you!"
      Miranda took off her robe and threw it on the sofa. "According to your usual practice, do you have any plans tonight? I can hypnotize a handsome guy to give us a striptease."
      "No, what you said is not our practice, it is a crime. And I promised Isaac not to call a stripper."
      "Well, what do you want to do?"
      I fell silent because of her question. In fact, I never thought about how to enjoy my single party. My usual life was boring, except for the days when I was with monsters and magic. I had nothing to like.
      "Do you want to go back to our coven? You won't have a chance to go back in the future." Miranda broke my silence.
      Since there was no other choice, it was good to go back and see. It was equivalent to the place where I was reborn. "Okay," I said to her.
      The coven was still the same, no one would give you an extra glance as you walked along, and that's what I liked about it. Because I was always surrounded by disgusting eyes when I was a kid.
      Miranda took me to a small house. She said to me, "I can feel that you are stronger than before. Can you control other people's thoughts now?"
      "Actually, I only tried it on my mate, and I almost died that time."
      "Because your mate is also very strong. I ask you to come back this time because I want you to see this." Miranda lit the candle in the room, and the dim light reflected a stone table full of blood.
      It looked too strange. I subconsciously took a step back. "What is this?" I asked her.
      "Laboratory. It is logical that your wolf can heal your spirit. You can't rely on your mate every time. What if he isn't by your side?"
      "Logically? I didn't know that Nicole's ability was so strong."
      "Because you rely too much on the ability of the witch. There are very few hybrids of the werewolf and the witch. No one taught them how to balance their ability. I didn't want to meddle in this matter, but this is my wedding gift to you."
      "I know this concerns the dignity of a witch who should not make friends. Thank you!" I hugged Miranda.
      "All right." She broke free from my embrace, but I could see the smile on her face. "Now, let your wolf accept you. The abilities of witches and wolves do not conflict with each other."
      "I thought she had always accepted me."
      "Not enough." Miranda said, "You have kept her in your mind most of the time. You are afraid that she will take control of your body."
      Was that so? I thought back to what I had done. Ever since I became a witch I had been very afraid of losing control of things, something I was a lot like Isaac. We had both lost and been hurt by many things. It was a protective mechanism for us.
      Miranda seemed to understand my thoughts. "You have to trust her."
      'Nicole?' I opened the wall in my mind.
      'What's wrong?' Nicole was very cold.
      'I think I owe you an apology. Sorry, I kept you locked up.'
      Nicole was still very unhappy. 'You used the methods of a witch to deal with me.'
      'I'm afraid of losing control.'
      'I'm not a monster! I won't lose control so easily.' Nicole was excited.
      "If you can't reach a consensus." Miranda pointed to the stone table covered in blood. "I can forcibly activate your self-healing mode, but my methods are a little tough."
      'Don't let the witch touch you!' Nicole roared in my mind.
      'Okay! Okay.' I comforted her. 'I know you have been concerned about me. I swear I won't force you to sleep again.'
      Nicole put down her vigilance. 'I don't object to you controlling me, but you are not my master. We are one.'
      'No problem. Do you want to come out now? We can shift and take a walk by the river.'
      Nicole's mood suddenly became happy. She urged me to leave quickly. I looked at Miranda and she nodded at me. However, I still planned to run away. The witches did not like wolves running around their base.
      I hid my clothes under the tree and changed my body by the river. I could see my fur under the moonlight through the river. Nicole ran by the river. I could feel the wind whistling in our ears. We were now the freest. Nicole and I had a high level of consciousness. She finally accepted me.
      Last night's walk tormented me until midnight. If not for today's wedding, Nicole would never let me go back to sleep. I rubbed my eyes and got up. Lilith had already sent me countless messages.
      My mind slowly woke up. Today was my wedding. The wedding I had been looking forward to. I was so excited that I couldn't eat a few mouthfuls of breakfast. As soon as I went downstairs, I was dragged into the studio by Lilith. She carefully looked at my face.
      "What time was your party? Look at your dark circles!"
      "I didn't hold a party." If I explained to her that I was actually running by the river, she would be even angrier.
      Lilith must have seen it too. "Do you know how many people vomited on their wedding gowns?" All the stylists present had a tacit smile on their faces.
      "Forget it, don't laugh!" Lilith shouted to her team members, "We don't have much time. Hurry up!"
      "Luna?" When I was about to fall asleep in front of the mirror, a gentle female voice woke me up.
      I looked up and saw a familiar face. It was a girl from the greenhouse. Lilith shouted to her man, "Who is she? Hurry up and drive her away."
      "No, I'm here to deliver flowers." The girl's voice was too low for Lilith to hear.
      "Why aren't you leaving? I'm going to get someone to drive you away!"
      "Don't." I stopped Lilith. "This is my friend. She came to give me something."
      "Thank you." The girl smiled apologetically at me. She took out a few flowers. "Alpha had specifically told me that Luna would feel uncomfortable with the smell of white flowers. So I picked these for you."
      I suddenly felt guilty towards the girl, although she did not know that I had once doubted her relationship with Isaac.
      I picked the peony from the bouquet and said to her. "Thank you! These flowers are very beautiful."
      "This is my duty." The girl gathered her courage and said, "Alpha really loves you. He was very happy when he talked about you. Happy wedding!"
      "I also think I am very happy. Thank you for your blessing."
      Before the girl left, she poked her head out of the door and said to me, "Sure enough, only a beauty like Luna can wear such a gorgeous ring."
      I looked at the ring on my finger. The platinum six claws were tightly clasped with bright diamonds. I didn't know when Isaac had started to prepare. I didn't even notice this. The sweet feeling of happiness had already overflowed into my chest. Now I was looking forward to seeing my Alpha.
      My heart beat very fast. I was not so nervous when I first faced the ghoul. When I walked through the door, I held my breath.
      Every second I walked on the red carpet reminded me of the time I spent with Isaac. When I was still a slave, he tried all kinds of ways to protect me. In my days of being bullied, he was the only light I had in the dark.
      Now my light stood on the other side of the red carpet, his chestnut hair neatly combed behind his head, his golden-brown eyes all gentle. The silver-gray tuxedo made him look much softer than usual. His figure was straight and slender, and Isaac in formal wear was simply the prince of all girls' dreams.
      Then I saw Isaac's amazed expression. His eyes reflected golden light. Isaac stared at me, and he even hesitated when he approached me.
      "You are so beautiful," Isaac praised. For some reason, I felt like crying at this moment.
      Isaac hugged me and said, "Thank Moon Goddess for letting us become mate again. I love you."
      "I love you too."
      Isaac held my hand and we walked to the witness. Dean was the witness to our wedding. He looked at Isaac. "Isaac, do you want to marry this woman? Love her and be faithful to her. Whether she is poor, sick, or disabled, until death. Will you do it?"
      Isaac looked at me with his eyes shining. "I do!"
      Dean looked at me. "Claudia, do you want to marry this man? Love him and be faithful to him. Whether he is poor, sick, or disabled, until death. Will you do it?"
      "I do!" My voice was trembling with excitement.
      "Now you can kiss each other!"

###chapter 60
  Claudia's POV
      We swore to each other under Moon Goddess' blessing. Isaac looked at my eyes like melting gold. I suddenly had an impulse to kiss his eyes. But Isaac kissed me first. There was a sweet taste between my lips and teeth. Thank fate for letting me meet my mate.
      After experiencing so much suffering, we could finally get happiness. We were two persons who came back from the edge of death. I didn't know what could separate us from our intertwined fate. Isaac looked at me firmly. I could feel that the bond between us was deeper.
      There were many familiar faces at the wedding to give blessings to us. Marina drank wine in the corner. I ran to her excitedly.
      "Congratulations." Marina raised her glass to me.
      "Thank you for everything you have done for me. I've received too much help from you."
      "In fact, many people envy you. There are very few witches who can live like this. Cherish it."
      "Of course."
      Then it was Richard and his mate.
      "Thank you for coming." Isaac and Richard shook hands.
      "It's a pleasure to witness your wedding."
      "Where's Toby?" I asked Luna quietly. I was still a little worried about him.
      "He doesn't come with us. You don't have to worry about him. He will get better in a while." In fact, I could understand him even if Toby didn't come, but I still felt a little disappointed.
      After the ceremony, Isaac stopped me. "Someone is looking for you." I looked at him doubtfully, but he didn't say a word.
      Isaac took me to the parking lot. He pointed to the figure not far away. "I know you have been worried about him. Go and talk to him. I will wait for you here."
      Toby was wearing a hoodie and jeans. He should have just run out of home. I walked to him and he stood in silence for a while before finally speaking. "I thought for a long time and thought that I should come to bless you. I hope you can be happy forever."
      "Thank you. This is very important to me."
      "And that guy standing in the shadows. If he dares to bully you, I will definitely beat him up."
      Toby gave me a friend's hug and turned to leave. I prayed to Moon Goddess, hoping that he would meet someone who really loved him.
      Isaac took me to our new home. I looked at everything in front of me and was stunned. I didn't know how he did it in such a short time. The carpet was a new product we just saw in the magazine. I walked into the room. The big bed could let five people sleep.
      "Do you want to try?" Isaac hugged me behind me and kissed the mark on the back of my neck.
      "Wait a minute." Finally, I struggled out of his kiss. "The wedding dress will be broken. It is very expensive."
      Isaac took off his suit jacket and threw it aside. "I don't have time to wait for you to take it off slowly."
      "No one can break my wedding dress!" I glared at Isaac.
      "Then I'll help you." Isaac took off my veil.
      "What I don't need the most is your 'help'." I pushed him into the bathroom. "I'll be fine when you come out of the shower."
      I sat by the bed in my nightdress. The sound of the water in the bathroom had not stopped. This made me inexplicably nervous. We had done it many times, but today it always reminded me of the first time I had been with Isaac. We were in that narrow basement. I was hot because of the rut. Every touch of Isaac made me feel very comfortable.
      This thought made my body heat up again. Just then, Isaac came out of the bathroom. His body was still emitting wet water vapor. Drops of water dripped down from the hair on his forehead. Under his broad shoulders were the beautiful pectorals and abdominal muscles. A towel was draped over his waist, revealing his sexy V-line.
      "Are you stunned?" Isaac asked me with a smile.
      "No!" I turned my head to hide my red cheeks.
      Isaac pulled off the towel on his waist and trapped me in his arms with two strong arms. "I have shown you everything on my body. Now it's your turn." Looking at his eyes that were lit up by desire, my palm touched his chest. His throat let out a low gasp.
      Isaac pressed me down on the bed. His hand reached through the edge of my nightdress. I groaned because of his touch. I felt the temperature of his body and the comforting weight. He kissed and licked my chest. There was a warm rush out of my abdomen.
      "Are you ready?" Isaac's low voice made my chest swell.
      "Come in." I was ready to accept him.
      When Isaac entered me, my scalp was numb. I bit my lips to prevent myself from moaning. Isaac licked my lips as he struck me. When I kissed him, there were always a few moans coming out of my mouth.
      Isaac's gentle and fierce collision made my brain melt. He bit the marker at the back of my neck, and in the slight pain, I immediately reached the peak.
      At that moment, I felt our souls overlap, and my nails grabbed Isaac's back. I gasped for breath and enjoyed the aftertaste of happiness, but Isaac's hand rubbed on my body again.
      When it was early in the morning, Isaac hugged me and sat on him. "I don't want it, let me go!" My voice was hoarse.
      "What did I tell you before? One day, you will be punished for the attitude you spoke to me.."
      "Can I beg you?" I didn't want to be unable to get out of bed tomorrow.
      "No, punishment is punishment." Isaac entered me again, and I could only groan weakly.
      The next morning, when the sun shone on my face, I leaned against the soft and warm pillow. My 'pillow' leaned over to help me block the sunlight coming in through the window. I opened my eyes and saw Isaac's strong pectoral muscles. Then I looked up, and his eyelashes cast a small shadow under his eyes. I couldn't help but touch the stubble on his chin. He opened his eyes and looked at me. "Good morning, my Luna."
      "Good morning." I kissed his lips softly. His lips were very soft.
      "Do you have any plans for today?" Isaac asked me.
      "All right, but I just want to lie in bed now." My waist was sore. Last night, Isaac tormented me so much that I almost didn't sleep.
      "Are we going on our honeymoon in bed? It's a good proposal for me."
      "Honeymoon?"
      "They gave me a holiday. We have about a week." They were referring to our pack's commanders.
      "I can go anywhere, as long as I'm with you." As I spoke, my head hit his chest.
      Isaac pressed me down on the bed. His handsome face was facing above me. "You should stop talking. I'm afraid I can't help it."
      "God!" I bit his shoulder.
      Isaac and I ate our breakfast leisurely. He was finding our honeymoon location on the map. The sun shone on his chestnut hair. He looked at me and smiled at me like an angel. This was the happiest moment of my life. My heart was wrapped in honey. This was my dream all along. The fairy tale that was once torn up became my life. Thank fate for letting us meet. Finally, I got true happiness.

###chapter 61
  Claudia's POV
      "What exactly is the surprise? Couldn't you have told me in advance?" I dragged my chin with my hand and felt the vibrations in the carriage.
      My heart had been soaked in honey, especially when I saw this carriage.
      It was a pumpkin carriage that Isaac had custom-made, and his words "I'm going to give you a fairy tale honeymoon" were still echoing in my head.
      "Since it's a surprise, of course, I can't tell you in advance, I promise you'll like the surprise I've prepared for you." With a mysterious smile on his face, Isaac pushed my hands away from my chin and held me in his arms. In order not to spoil the surprise he had prepared for me, I forced myself not to meet his eyes, lest I accidentally overhear the surprise he had prepared for me.
      My expression gradually became enjoyable as I smelled the smell of ebony and cedar on him and looked at the pumpkin carriage decorated like a fairy tale setting.
      We were now like a prince and princess in a fairy tale.
      Today was the first day of our honeymoon, and he took me to the legendary vacation sanctuary, the White Pack.
      The White Pack was a neutral pack and one that advocated peace. It was said that they had great scenery and had many vacation paradises, but I never had the time to experience them.
      I was just a slave until I was eighteen years old and barely ever saw the outside world. After I became the negotiator, I didn't have time to do such a tour either.
      I had only heard the name of this pack before, which made me feel excited about it.
      "The destination is ahead. Will you get off here, or do you want to get off at a specific spot in the pack?" I heard the soft voice of the carriage driver in front of me. Through the gap in front of the carriage, I could see that he was concentrating on driving the carriage.
      But the gap was small, and because of the light, I had no way of seeing my surroundings.
      It was as if Isaac had had it designed on purpose.
      "To the center of the pack." Isaac's face still had a smile on it, especially when he looked at me.
      Every minute our eyes locked, an uncontrollable sweetness welled up in our hearts and then manifested itself in a smile on our faces.
      " Exactly what is it, so mysterious." I pretended to pout in anger, but I didn't expect to be greeted with a swift kiss from Isaac.
      My eyes widened at his pupils that seemed as captivating as caramel, then I quickly shifted my eyes to his hair, his golden brown hair falling from his ears, the tip of his nose brushing against my face, a warm hand slowly stroking toward my chest, a comforting sensation that almost made me scream.
      The warmth of my body rushed up to my cheeks and I pretended to bite his lips hard before I turned my head.
      "What are you doing? The coachman is still ahead."
      "It doesn't matter; he can't hear a thing."
      Listening to his words, I glanced toward the gap ahead, and I noticed that although the coachman was concentrating on driving the carriage, there was something imperceptibly stiff about his frame.
      "You liar!"
      I pounded him on the chest.
      Time passed quickly in our flirtation, and suddenly I felt the vibrations around me stop for a moment, and I knew we had arrived at our destination, and Isaac took out a piece of gauze at that time.
      "What are you doing?" I did not resist his action and had some expectation in my heart, because he did not just blindfold my eyes, even my nose covered. I could smell the mint on the gauze, which kept me from smelling anything else.
      "You'll know when the time comes."
      His voice seemed to hide a smile inside, then I heard the carriage door open and he carefully protected me from behind me as I walked down the steps of the carriage.
      "You can go back and meet us at the door in the evening." At that I heard Isaac emphasize his tone. "Remember, don't enter here without any urgent business."
      "Understood, my honored guest."
      Without thinking too much about it, I felt Isaac grab my hands from behind my back as the sound of the pumpkin carriage faded into the distance and led me toward the front.
      My heart was beating faster with his movements, and I imagined what I was about to see. What was it? Was it an elaborate cake? Or a big party? Or maybe it was something else?
      Suddenly, I felt the ground beneath me become soft and I knew it was the touch of earth, and at the same time I felt even more surprised.
      Earth? Where exactly was this place? Did he take me to the forest?
      Just as I was pondering, Isaac's exhaled breath came to my ears. "Claudia, you can take your gauze now."
      His voice amplified the anticipation in my heart to the maximum, and I nervously removed the gauze from my eyes, but the next moment my pupils were infinitely dilated.
      I looked at the sight in front of me in disbelief, and even my breathing stopped along with it.
      Purple, pink, red, yellow, many colors arranged in ribbons blocked my vision completely, and the whole world seemed to become an illusion.
      An incredible aroma rushed into my nostrils. I looked around those colors, suddenly could not help but let out a shriek.
      "Isaac, you also know witchcraft?!"
      I looked at the world in front of me. I was in shock. Tulps, roses, violets, lavender, and many more flowers that I couldn't name, these flowers were arranged into an ocean that engulfed everything in my sight.
      It was so beautiful, a sight that should only be seen in fairy tales, but I actually saw it, as if I was dreaming.
      "Claudia, are you satisfied with this gift?" Isaac's hot breath blew from my ears, and the scent of his breath mixed with the flowers, almost making me dizzy in a moment.
      "Thanks! I'm really so satisfied, this place is like a dream, such a romantic scene that I could not even imagine before."
      "This estate is huge, there are still a lot of flowers you haven't seen. Follow me."
      Along with Isaac's voice, I suddenly felt a force grab my arm, and then my body began to move forward.
      "You run so fast!"
      I laughed happily. It was really so beautiful here. I almost never laugh so much.
      I moved my palm down and pressed it against the palm of his hand. The warmth of his palm seemed to extend to my heart through my palm. We ran freely in the sea of flowers, and it was as if this was a world that belonged only to him and me.
      Huge windmills were lined up all around, and they were slowly rotating. Sometimes there would be breezes blowing from all directions, and the scent of the flowers would be different with each breeze, and I was engrossed in the different scents.
      I breathed heavily, sucking the scent of these various flowers into my lungs as we sprinted towards the center of the estate that held more flowers ahead.
      I had never run so freely and surrounded by so many flowers, and I was with the person I loved. I felt a happiness at this time that I had not felt before.
      It was like a fairy tale! From a slave to a negotiator, I never imagined that one day I would be dating the person I love in such a fairy-tale world. It was a miracle!
      We immersed ourselves in the beauty, letting all the flowers fill our lungs, and only stopped when we could barely run. Isaac laid down in the middle of the flowers, and I leaned against his chest at that point.
      "Isaac, it's amazing that we're the only two people enjoying such a beautiful place, they don't know what they're missing." I gasped in his chest, looking at the cloudless sky overhead.
      "Oh, people always find beautiful things, except I made a deal with the owner of the estate, so all day today, the beauty of this estate only belongs to us." He breathed just as heavily and seemingly with such unrestrained pleasure.
      "All day today! My God, how much did it cost you to get the owner to say yes to you?"
      "It doesn't matter, it's our honeymoon, it's our time, and I'm going to give you the best."
      His hot breath with the scent of flowers blew over, my heart became sweeter and I wanted to hold him tighter, but I suddenly saw him lower his head.
      I only had time to let out a startled sound before he kissed me on the lips, and then his tongue entered my mouth. His tongue chased my tongue and we changed our saliva.
      My breathing became more intense from his kiss, while I felt his hands reach under my skirt and the warmth of his body almost wrapped around me.
      "Oh, Isaac! This is on the estate! What if someone sees us?"
      I had some nervousness. Although I said something to contradict him, I just knew that in my heart I was expecting his next move. The comfortable feeling of powerlessness left me with no way to resist.
      "Don't worry, there's no one on this estate today, this is a world just for us, I promise."
      He lifted his head at that moment and I saw the smirk on his face.

###chapter 62
  Claudia's POV
      "Isaac, I have the bloodlines of a witch and a werewolf, and you have the bloodline of a powerful werewolf." Surrounded by flowers, I lay on his chest and stroked his cheek. "What do you think our children will be like?"
      "I think our pup will be born with magical powers, and it will be a powerful werewolf." Isaac seemed interested in the topic, and he looked at me with his charming caramel-like eyes. " Do you want a pup?"
      His breath mixed with the scent of flowers blew inside my nostrils, such an enchanting scent almost filled me up, and I felt such a wave of heat stretching upwards from my neck.
      "I ...... am not ......."
      I tried to explain my words, but he bit the softness of my chest with his teeth in the next moment, and his movement stopped my words in my throat.
      Sparks spread where our skin touched, my body heated up again, the comfort took away all my strength, my voice took on a little surprise at this time.
      "We did it just ......"
      "How is once enough, you just say that you want pup, of course, we have to try harder."
      I watched him come above my body, surrounded by flowers, the sunlight coming straight down overhead, making his golden brown hair look even brighter, and he seemed to become even more attractive and sexy.
      The lines of his muscles depicted his body as if it were art, and I looked at his body as if I were under a spell. I never thought that his body would shine so brightly under the sunlight, as beautiful as the body of a god.
      My breath became short and the temptation seemed to scratch at my heart. I grabbed his hair with my hand at this time and then relaxed my body.
      According to him, in such a beautiful sea of flowers, we will try to give birth to a child.
      "Claudia, in the wrapping of these flowers, in the bright sunlight, you really are so beautiful that I can't believe my eyes."
      Isaac's voice came from above me, his warm palms caressing my body. Suddenly his voice stopped, and the moment he plundered my breath with his mouth, he entered me powerfully.
      In a rush of breath, I began to pant incessantly. I didn't close my eyes, but looked at his beautiful pupils, his toned abs, and I was lost in extreme pleasure.
      Amidst the scent of flowers, with occasional petals falling on our bodies, I gazed at his cheeks and stroked the tip of his tantalizing nose, our eyes locked together in a dream-like world where our union seemed like a divine one.
      I kept looking at him, etching his face deep into my heart as I felt his steady power crashing against my body, coming to the peak of physical pleasure as I reached the limit of my desire again and again.
      I didn't know how much time had passed, and I wasn't even sure how many times my body had peaked, but I could see the sun overhead shifting its direction. It came from the east above our heads to the west, and it was only at this point that I went limp in his arms.
      "Aren't you even tired? I feel like I'm going to be unable to get up."
      "Of course, I'm tired, but I don't want to stop when I see you." He answered me with a bad smile on the corner of his mouth. I pinched the flesh on his waist hard at this time.
      "It's all your fault!"
      His fake scream of pain reached my ears, and although my mouth was complaining about him, sweetness was spreading inside me. I tried to reach for the clothes next to me, but I felt a wave of dizziness.
      What's going on?
      I tried to touch my forehead, but I felt a vomiting sensation.
      "Claudia, you're not going to get pregnant so soon, are you?" Isaac laughed at this point and I looked at his face once again and couldn't help but pinch the flesh on his waist.
      "I don't think so. Maybe it's something else?"
      I looked at my abdomen at this time, although I was hoping in my heart that there would be a child of ours, but something like getting pregnant right now shouldn't be possible, the odds of that are too small.
      Maybe it was because we were too crazy today and the exhaustion of my body made me feel dizzy?
      I shook my head, but I realized that the dizziness didn't go away, it wasn't a short-lived dizziness.
      "Claudia, are you feeling okay?" I could feel Isaac's concern for me as he sat up and took me in his arms from behind.
      "Do you want me to take you to see the doctor?"
      "In that case...I think I can test it."
      "Test for what?"
      "Test to see if I'm pregnant."
      I took a deep breath at this point, and my mind recalled the witch's book I had once read.
      There was a little magic written on it whose only function was to test if one was pregnant, and I couldn't imagine that I could still remember that magic so clearly now.
      Maybe I subconsciously wanted to have a child a long time ago.
      "Although I know the probability is very small. But I still look forward to it."
      I listened to Isaac's voice in my ears as I began to carve a magic formation into the earth, and then dropped a drop of my blood into it.
      "If the magic formation releases a green glow, then it proves I'm pregnant. If not, then it should be something else."
      We both gazed at the pattern of the small magic array. After two seconds had passed, both of our pupils contracted at the same time.
      Because I saw the center of the magic array, a green glow like fireflies at night on top of the earth slowly released, as if life is growing on the earth.
      I looked at those rays and I froze, but the next moment I felt a force throw me down to the ground.
      "I can't believe you're really pregnant! We will have a pup! Thank Moon goddess!"
      Isaac hugged me excitedly and kissed my cheeks and lips frantically, his excited expression was like a child who had been rewarded. I had hardly ever seen him in such a state.
      'Claudia, congratulations.'
      Nicole's voice also appeared inside my head, and I felt my heart filled with surprise and joy at the same time, and I couldn't even utter a complete sentence for a while.
      "Am I dreaming?" I looked at the sea of flowers that seemed like a dream around me, and I looked at my loving mate.
      "No, you are not dreaming!"
      Isaac's excitement seemed to stop as he held me in his arms like a princess, spinning with the wind blowing around me, the scent of flowers blowing in the wind into my nostrils, and I felt that, in addition to the fainting inside my head, physically, I was becoming faint as well.
      "We're...having a pup!"
      I gradually came back to my senses. I grabbed Isaac's shoulders with my hands and proceeded to shake them hard. I was also infected by his emotions.
      "When did this pup have? Why did we find it today, find it in this beautiful place?"
      After the excitement, I sat on Isaac's lap and we embraced each other in the middle of the tulips and lavender, looking at this beautiful sea of flowers.
      "Maybe it was sometime before?" Isaac stroked my hair tenderly. "Maybe this pup knows it's our honeymoon and he wants to surprise us today."
      I listened to his voice and I stroked my belly as I imagined what a cute pup it would be.
      "Claudia, it's almost evening and the pumpkin carriage must be waiting at the entrance to the estate for a long time."
      "Do you want to go back to the hotel so soon?"
      "Of course, you need to have a good rest now." Isaac looked at me, the corners of his mouth curled up in a beautiful amplitude, and the smell of ebony and cedar rushed into my nostrils. "Claudia, you don't know how much I love you."
      "I know ......" I kissed his eyes.
      I looked at his eyes and I could feel the strong love in his heart.

###chapter 63
  Claudia's POV.
      Sweetness and happiness seemed to have planted their seeds around me since then, and everything I experienced yesterday inside the sea of flowers seemed to have formed a new dream inside my mind.
      In the dream, Isaac and I were happily running around inside the sea of flowers. The dream was long, and when I opened my eyes, the warmth was still around me as well.
      "What time is it?"
      In a daze, I opened my eyes. Isaac seemed to have woken up for a long time, he held me in his arms and stroked my cheek with one hand.
      "Now? It's ten o'clock."
      At the sound of his voice, my eyes snapped open. I turned my head gently, and the sunlight seemed to be baking the hotel curtains, and I could feel its temperature from ten feet away.
      "Oh, my God! I can't believe I slept for so long." This time I suddenly remembered Isaac's madness yesterday, and I immediately pretended to be angry and pinched his arm. "It's all your fault, I feel like I'm falling apart right now, it's your fault I slept so late!"
      "But you obviously enjoyed it too..." Isaac yelped in mock pain, but his face quickly donned a wicked grin that made me bite my teeth hard.
      "Jerk!"
      I couldn't resist picking up a pillow and slamming it into his face, which he dodged in mock fear.
      We frolicked for a while until all the pillows were thrown away around me and I stopped, looking at the mess all over the floor as we looked at each other and laughed.
      "I say, we should go out. I'll take you somewhere new today." Isaac began to straighten his clothes, while the familiar mysterious smile remained on his face. "This dress is for you; the place we go today should go well with this dress."
      "A dress like this?" I looked at the pink dress doubtfully.
      Through his mind, all I could know was a happy blue and pink, the emotion that seemed to tell me he was taking me somewhere interesting, which made me look forward to it even more.
      "Can't you just tell me what you're arranging?"
      "Of course you can't, I'm going to make you live in surprise for the next seven days."
      I looked at his expression and pouted my mouth, but it was as if the room inside me was filled with candy.
      Candy, today he seemed to have candy hidden inside his emotions. What kind of place could it be?
      Thinking this way, I speeded up my speed of organizing myself, and after I finished washing up and I put on that pink dress, I stood in front of the mirror and looked carefully at myself inside the mirror.
      "Does such a lovely dress suit me? I'm a negotiator." I turned around in the mirror, the whole dress was pink with white floral patterns and lace embellished around it, but overall it didn't look flashy, it looked small and cute.
      "You're not a negotiator now, I swear today you're going to be the most beautiful princess." Isaac hugged me from behind my back and kissed me behind the ear. I let out a gasp when I saw him inside the mirror.
      Isaac had somehow dressed in a suit, elegant lines stretched across his chest, and he had his golden brown hair deliberately combed to look like a fairy tale prince.
      "Isaac ...... you." I looked at his appearance, surprised to say no words, the sunlight made his caramel pupils glow, the air seemed to be filled with the smell of elegance and sweetness, he looked so seductive.
      "I'm even more curious, I really can't wait any longer." The anticipation became strong in my heart, and we went out and got on yesterday's pumpkin carriage after a deep kiss.
      The White Pack really was a beautiful place.
      In the vibration of the carriage, I looked at the surrounding streets through the window of the pumpkin carriage.
      Yesterday Isaac closed the pumpkin carriage window in order to give me an unexpected surprise, but today he opened it.
      The streets of the White Pack seem to be forbidden for ordinary vehicles to drive in, probably to prevent the unpleasant exhaust of vehicles from affecting the mood of travelers, but also for the safety of travelers. I was able to see some strangely shaped carriages on the street.
      The people who came to the White Pack seemed to come for tourism, and everyone's faces were wearing smiles displaying different feelings, from deeply affectionate partners to parents and their children.
      "Why is the White Pack able to become such a beautiful pack?" I gazed at the pedestrians and carriages in the streets, and the art-like carvings of the surrounding buildings, and this pack seemed to be a pack that was not tainted with dirt.
      "They're not just beautiful. The White Pack is actually very powerful, it's an ancient and powerful pack." Isaac's voice rang in my ears.
      "The powerful White Pack never starts any war, their faith seems to be peace, they build a beautiful environment and welcome any werewolf to visit, but they also forbid any werewolf to fight here." When he said this, a smile appeared on his face.
      "Many werewolves are convinced by their beauty, not to mention that there is a place where they can travel, and the werewolves do not reject this, and all the werewolves are forbidden to wage war against the White Pack by default."
      "This is really a magical place." I took a deep breath and looked out the window, but the next moment something let my expression change slightly because I noticed a white carriage behind me that seemed to have followed us for a long time.
      "Why have they been behind us, are they following us?" I tried to feel the thoughts of the people inside the carriage, but I had no way to sense what they were thinking because the distance was too far.
      "Maybe it's just a coincidence that the White Pack is forbidding any werewolves from conflicting here." Isaac didn't seem too concerned, but used his arm to gather me into his arms.
      "Don't think too much about it, this is our honeymoon, and we'll be there soon." He stroked my hair with his hand, the light inside his eyes soon made my thoughts empty. I looked at his upright nose and thin lips obsessively. My other hand involuntarily stroked the outline of his chest muscles.
      "No, you're still in the early stages of pregnancy."
      "You jerk; you're ruining such a good vibe!"
      My fingers on his chest increased in force, and a sound came from inside the carriage as he pretended to be in pain.
      "Stop it, look ahead, we'll be there soon." After frolicking for a while, I heard his voice, curiosity became stronger in my heart and I stuck my head out of the window at this time.
      But when I saw the colors in the distance, I was almost speechless with surprise.
      "Is this where you're taking me?" I covered my lips, and at this time I understood why I could feel a candy-like sweetness from inside his emotions.
      The pink color I saw in front of me showed it all, a sweetness that reached my lungs from a long distance, the complex in front of me was as beautiful as the castle where Barbie lived, or maybe it was simply the world of Princess Barbie. Once, when my parents were still alive, I fantasized that I was Princess Barbie. I did not think that today my fantasy became a reality.
      The giant Ferris wheel was decorated like a lollipop, which was definitely the most gigantic lollipop I had ever seen, some candy-like hot air balloons floating in mid-air, many people going in and out wearing dresses that matched the scenery, and many people playing role-playing games.
      "Are you happy with the surprise? This is a candy paradise built by the White Pack, and our dresses were prepared by me specifically for entering this paradise." I saw the smile that raised the corners of Isaac's mouth, his elegantly combed hair blowing gently in the wind, and his suit that made him look more elegant than a prince in a fairy tale today, and I couldn't hold back any longer at this point.
      "Oh, Isaac, I really do love you so much!" I kissed him fiercely on the lips and then held his hand as I jumped impatiently from the pumpkin carriage.
      I never thought my honeymoon with him would actually make me feel this happy. Every second of this period was engraved in my mind. I will keep these memories for eternity. These were the proof of my love with Isaac in the river of time.
      "Don't run so fast, be careful, there are many people in this paradise!" Isaac's voice came from behind me, but I didn't slow down because I couldn't control the mood I was in now that I was so excited.
      "You wouldn't imagine the power of a woman confronted with her childhood fantasies." I laughed happily and sprinted towards the gates of Paradise. This was definitely the happiest time of my life.

###chapter 64
  Claudia's POV.
This was definitely the most fantastic time of my life.
In this candy land full of fairy tales, where there were many werewolves dressed up as characters in fairy tales, we watched the plays they performed, roamed between the hot air balloons and candy houses, and played the role-play of the prince and princess in front of the castle, as if I had really become a princess in a fairy tale.
Such happiness made me almost forget the time. We had fun, as if we were living in a fairy tale.
&quot;Isaac, is it really appropriate for you to sit here as a man?&quot; I felt the temperature behind me and the corners of my mouth could not help but smile.
On the beautiful carousel, he held me in front of him, if not for the small children around, it really looked like the image of a prince with a princess riding a horse.
&quot;I think there is no problem, because no one rules that adult men can not ride the carousel.&quot; Isaac answered me with a serious face, but I couldn't help but laugh at his expression.
I looked at his expression with fascination, leaning against his strong chest behind me, his charming scent surrounding me. I suddenly thought at that time, maybe only children who can not walk would be carried by adults to ride the carousel.
It was as if he had really spoiled me like a child.
The carousel was still playing warm music, the surroundings were changing with the rotation, I looked at the park full of pink and blue, the smiles on people's faces as if they would never disappear.
The sound of children's laughter rang out around me, and some of them looked at Isaac behind me with curious eyes, but there was only pure curiosity in their eyes, as if they were as pure as the park.
The color of the sky was gradually becoming darker, but the people in the park still did not decrease, but because of the brilliantly colored lights, the park seemed more fantastic, especially when I saw the huge lollipop Ferris wheel, but also let my eyes glow.
All the lights installed on top of the entire Ferris wheel were all turned on, hundreds of feet high towering in the sky, the light seemed to be able to reach further through the entire park. This was definitely the most beautiful and dreamy Ferris wheel I have ever seen.
&quot;It really is like a dream today.&quot; I leaned against Isaac's chest and whispered, but I felt the strength coming from his arm at that time.
&quot;A better scene you haven't seen.&quot; He jumped off the carousel with me in his arms, then grabbed my wrist and walked toward the giant lollipop.
&quot;What scene?&quot; My voice was tinged with doubt as I looked at the giant Ferris wheel, but instead I heard his mysterious voice. &quot;Confidential.&quot;
The excitement inside him passed to my heart, and the flame of anticipation seemed to be ignited, and after I got into the Ferris wheel's sightseeing car with him, we slowly rose towards the sky.
&quot;What kind of scene is it?&quot; I sat opposite Isaac in the Ferris wheel's sightseeing car, and along with the gradual increase in height, I could almost see the outline of the entire paradise.
The paradise in the light appeared more fantastic and beautiful, but such a scene I felt could not be called a surprise, and Isaac's mysterious expression also denied it.
&quot;Wait a little longer, I have calculated the time.&quot; Isaac lifted the cuff of his suit to see the watch in his hand, and then I could feel the anticipation in his heart become even stronger.
I even felt that his anticipation was not even less than mine.
What was he looking forward to?
I curiously watched the whole park, the lights inside the park were flashing, even the moonlight overhead became dim because of them. There were no clouds in the night today, the stars in the sky seemed to be flashing with the lights of the park, they seemed to be the same eyes watching the park.
The Ferris wheel was slowly spinning and I could feel Isaac's emotions starting to change as the wheel spun. We came to the highest apex in the sky and I suddenly saw a change in Isaac's expression.
&quot;Claudia, you don't blink your eyes now.&quot; His voice suddenly reached my ears, and my heart skipped a beat at this time. I stared my eyes at the paradise outside the window, but in the next moment, my eyes could no longer be closed.
Light, this was the endless light, this was the warmth and beauty that could dispel everything.
My pupils couldn't help but dilate, and I was shocked by what I saw.
Those hot air balloons floating in the sky actually emitted light in turn when our tour bus came to the highest point, while there were some new hot air balloons rising from the ground.
Countless hot air balloons emitting light rushed up into the sky. We seemed to be swimming in the river of stars. These hot air balloons emitting light like endless stars surrounded us, such a strong and flashing light, I can only think of eternity.
Suddenly, I rubbed my eyes because I felt some liquid.
I was actually moved to tears by such a beautiful sight?!
&quot;Claudia, I hope we will be as eternal and beautiful as these lights.&quot; Isaac's voice brought me back to reality, and we looked at each other surrounded by the glittering hot air balloons.
His caramel-colored pupils were shining brightly, and through them I could see the endless light reflected in his pupils.
&quot;Isaac, I swear this is the most gorgeous image I've ever seen.&quot; I felt that my miserable childhood had been slowly healed over the past two days. Everything I was missing from my childhood was slowly being made up for by Isaac.
&quot;Do you feel any surprise?&quot; Across from me, Isaac cupped my face with his hands, my cheeks were covered by the warmth of both of his hands. I looked at his loving pupils, he was spoiling me as if he was spoiling a child.
&quot;I mean...this really is such a surprise ......&quot; I caressed his hands cupping my cheeks, such warmth I never wanted it to go away.
&quot;I'm relieved to hear that answer from you. I told you I wanted you to be in for a surprise every single day for the seven days, and today's mission is accomplished.&quot; He looked at me with a smile full of love. His smile at this moment imprinted inside my mind seemed never to dissipate. &quot;This park will raise all the hot air balloons and light up all the lights every night at eight o'clock, and that's the surprise I want to show you today.&quot;
I listened to every syllable emphasized in his voice, then I suddenly sat up from my seat, hugged his chest, and then kissed his lips.
&quot;Stop saying that, such a moving surprise to me makes my heart unable to bear it.&quot; I kissed him hard, but was greeted with an even stronger response from him.
He responded to me very forcefully with his warm tongue, and at the top of this Ferris wheel, our love seemed to be fixed here.
We were in this sightseeing car that belonged only to the two of us, and I leaned on his chest as he began to tell me some interesting things about other packs that I didn't know.
The time seemed to get long and long, and I wished it would become eternal, but as sleepiness crept into my eyes, I knew the day's surprise was almost over.
&quot;Claudia, it's late, for your health and pup's health, it's time for us to go back to the hotel and rest.&quot; Isaac looked at the sightseeing car that had reappeared at the bottom, then he stood up. &quot;I'm ready for a new surprise for you tomorrow.&quot;
&quot;I'm looking forward to it.&quot; A smile crossed my face and then I followed him.
&quot;But, before I leave, I want a lollipop from over there.&quot; I had some shyness at this time and lowered my head, because there were only kids in line to buy lollipops, but I suddenly wanted it very much.
&quot;Isn't that one for kids?&quot; Isaac suddenly laughed, then he shook his head, his face still doting. &quot;Oh, what a long line, I think you need to wait for me for a while.&quot;
With his voice, I saw his tall figure in line behind the small children.
&quot;What's this adult doing? Does he want a lollipop too?&quot;
&quot;I heard my mother say that such adults are strange.&quot;
&quot;Leave him alone, my dad is nearby. If he bullies us, my dad will teach him a lesson!&quot;
The children began to talk, his tall body looked very conspicuous in the middle of the children, the scene looked a little comical, but to me, it made me feel very warm.
I couldn't help but smile. I looked away from Isaac. This time I heard a slight footstep from behind me. These footsteps made me feel some danger.
I subconsciously wanted to turn my head and get his thoughts, but the next moment I felt the footsteps behind me suddenly accelerated, and then my nasal cavity was full of the smell of drugs. I did not even have time to call for help, my vision became blurred and quickly lost consciousness.

###chapter 65
  Isaac's POV.
  &quot;I mean...this really is such a surprise ......&quot; Claudia's green eyes had tears in them, the glow of the hot air balloon surrounding us made her green eyes look even brighter. I looked at her eyes and took a deep breath.
  My heartfelt preparations did not disappoint her, and my earnest plan worked.
  I planned to make her look like a princess during this honeymoon, to make up for the childhood she missed as a child. In hindsight, my plan was a great success.
  I gazed at her green pupils. Those eyes always had a magic that I could get lost in, it was a beauty that only she could have, she was a princess that belonged only to me.
  I cupped her cheeks with my hands and traced the contours of her cheeks with my fingers. I felt her soft and smooth skin, surrounded by the endless light outside the window. I just wished we could stay in this moment forever.
  &quot;I'm relieved to hear that answer from you. I said I wanted you to be in for a surprise every single day for the seven days, and today's mission is accomplished.&quot; I looked at her with a smile on my face, her smooth lips seemed to reflect the glow of which hot air balloons, the pink made her lips look more enticing, I watched her bite her lips, but I wished more than anything that it was my lips she was biting.
  Maybe I should kiss her hard now?
  Just as I thought this, I saw her beautiful face dilate inside my pupils, and the enchanting scent of vanilla and flowers rushed into my nostrils. She nipped at my lips with her teeth as I felt her softness pressed against me.
  I have to admit that I froze for a second at this point, but I reacted quickly and chased her soft tongue.
  She was mine! My mate, she was so perfect.
  We kissed to our hearts' content. I stroked the back of her head and her ears with my hands, we could both feel each other's breath and heartbeat, at the very top of this Ferris wheel, at the farthest point from the ground, but our hearts were closer together.
  Night was falling, the people inside the park had left some, we told each other stories from our hearts inside the sightseeing bus, and after we walked down from the Ferris wheel, I watched her blush and grab my sleeve.
  &quot;But, before we leave, I want a lollipop from over there.&quot; Her voice was trailing off and she looked a lot like a little girl asking for candy.
  &quot;Isn't that one for kids?&quot; I couldn't help but laugh, but I didn't hesitate, and after telling her to wait where she was, I walked toward the kids in line ahead of me.
  I vowed to give her the best love and make up for the lost joy of her childhood, within the last few days.
  The line was long, some fathers or mothers were in line with their children, some older children were in line alone, and I was the only adult in line alone.
  Their eyes fell on me, and I listened to their curious talk about me, but my heart was full of happiness.
  Children's words are always so innocent, and their voices always manage to take me away from the darkness of the world.
  I silently followed the procession until the pink candy cart, decorated like a fairy tale, appeared in front of me.
  Which one would Claudia like? I looked it over carefully, then picked out an oversized lollipop from inside that reached almost a foot.
  I thought Claudia would like it.
  I held the lollipop in my hand and almost all the kids let out a gasp as I turned my head at this point.
  &quot;Claudia ...... look at this ......&quot; I was just about to call out to Claudia when, the next moment, the lollipop in my hand fell to the ground.
  &quot;Damn, what are you doing!&quot; Anger exploded in my heart in an instant.
  I saw four or five werewolves surrounding Claudia, and one of them covered Claudia's mouth with a white handkerchief from behind, and they were trying to drag her into a nearby white wagon!
  &quot;Damn it, you guys move fast and get out of here right now!&quot;
  &quot;You two get in the wagon and run away immediately, we'll hold Isaac off!&quot;
  Their panicked voices reached my ears, and as I saw them preparing to escape, the flames of anger almost burned me as I transformed into my wolf form and then rushed forward as if I were crazy.
  &quot;Stop him. If we can take this witch away, our Alpha will be able to control his horrible power!&quot;
  &quot;For the sake of the great Alpha, our sacrifice is worth it!&quot;
  Along with the voices of these werewolves, three werewolves transformed into wolves in front of me, their limbs were shaking from the aura I released, but they defiantly blocked my way.
  I saw that Claudia was unconscious, and after the two werewolves dragged her into the wagon, one of them tried to get the wagon moving.
  &quot;Damn it, I'm going to kill you all.&quot; Anger stole my sanity in a flash, and I charged directly and quickly toward the wagon, not caring a bit about the three werewolves who were in my way.
  They blocked my path and they tried to attack me with their claws, but the next moment they were knocked to the ground by me.
  &quot;No, Isaac is coming!&quot;
  The werewolf driving the wagon made a terrified sound, and by this time the wagon was just starting to move toward the front, and in front of it stood a child who was so frightened that he lost his reflexes, so I lunged at the wagon.
  &quot;Stop!&quot;
  I growled in mid-air and as I landed on the ground, my claws grabbed the horse's neck while I extended my claws tore into the horse's throat.
  The white horse was hissing, he was innocent, but I had to end his life at this time.
  The blood bloomed red in front of my eyes, the horse fell to the ground under my power, the child only now reacted and cried out. I had no extra time to comfort the little boy. My most important task at this moment was to save my mate.
  &quot;No, how is it possible!&quot; The werewolf sitting on his horse fell to the ground uncontrollably, he struggled quickly, he wanted to transform, but I wasn't going to give him that chance. I came in front of him, along with a flying gush of blood. I didn't hesitate to pierce his chest with my claws.
  &quot;Damn, why is his power like a monster? Run quickly, leave that woman alone!&quot;
  &quot;Sh*t! The guards of the White Pack have found us; we can't delay any longer!&quot;
  These wolves whose identity I didn't know were shocked by my power and lost their courage. They fled towards the surroundings, but now I didn't have time to worry about them. I quickly shifted into human form and carried Claudia inside the wagon.
  I had to keep her safe.
  &quot;Claudia, wake up?&quot; I called out to her, trying to wake her up, but she was already in a deep coma, and I sniffed the breath of her nostrils and found that there was a drug in her breath that made people unconscious.
  &quot;Those damned bastards!&quot; I gritted my teeth hard and looked around towards the area. I found that the guards of the White Pack had gone from different directions to capture these werewolves who didn't know their identities, and they couldn't escape at all.
  &quot;Why are these werewolves kidnapping Claudia!&quot; I gnashed my teeth in anger, I wanted to go and tear them apart, but Claudia was still in a coma and I couldn't leave her.
  As long as the guards captured these guys, I was able to force them to tell me what they wanted to do, but when I thought about it, I stared at my eyes wide open, because I saw that these werewolves actually fell to the ground at the same time, and in a flash they all lost their lives.

###chapter 66
  Isaac's POV.
&quot;All ...... dead?&quot;
I looked at several corpses on the ground with some. These people ended their lives at the same time as if they had made an appointment.
The surroundings began to become chaotic, the traveling passersby began to run towards the distance, they tried to get away from the place, while the guards of the White Pack surrounded the place.
I held Claudia and started walking towards the bodies on the ground in the distance. These werewolves all seemed to have some strange liquid coming out of the corners of their mouths, their faces with determination, it looked as if they all ended their own lives through poison after they knew they had no way to escape.
What kind of enemy was actually so vicious?
My face became gloomy, and at this time I saw a strong werewolf with white hair come out among the guards of the White Pack. This werewolf looked about forty years old, with some surprise and anger on his face.
&quot;Distinguished guests, I am sorry that you were attacked within the boundaries of our territory.&quot; This werewolf looked at me with an apologetic look on his face. &quot;I am Beta of the White Pack, I will definitely investigate the identity of these attackers, and all your spending in our pack in the past few days will be free of charge.&quot;
&quot;Beta of the White Pack?&quot; I looked at him with a frown. Because of the safety and beauty of the White Pack, that's why I brought Claudia here for our honeymoon, but I didn't expect this to happen, these people actually dared to hurt my Claudia!
&quot;Your security doesn't look as good as the word has it.&quot; My voice sank, anger and killing intent still in my chest not dispelled, I felt Caesar was cranky inside my head, but I didn't know what my enemy's purpose was now.
Hearing my voice, Beta of the White Pack seemed to have some embarrassment on his face, but soon he turned his head and anger appeared on his face.
&quot;You guys immediately take these bodies away, let the doctor investigate the cause of their death, and also dispatch a few powerful werewolves to specifically protect the safety of these two guests!&quot; After saying that, he once again looked at me with apologies inside his eyes.
&quot;Guest, our pack forbids this kind of thing to happen. People who do it in our pack will not only become the enemies of our pack, but also the enemies of other wolf packs. Please believe that I will definitely give you an answer tomorrow morning.&quot;
Looking at his sincere expression, I took a deep breath at this time, suppressed the anger in my heart, and then carried Claudia into the pumpkin carriage waiting at the entrance of the park.
I saw several guards of the White Pack following us, and the whole pack seemed to come to life in the night, and the silence of the White Pack was broken by this sudden change.
The night seemed to become long, and through the hotel window, I could see the increased guards nearby, as well as the busy staff. An attack on the territory of the White Pack definitely had a great impact on the reputation of the Pack, and their swift action also made me feel more at ease.
Claudia seemed to be sleeping heavily in my arms at this time, and the attackers seemed to be aiming only to take her away, using only a kind of psychedelic drug that made her unconscious but had no other effect.
&quot;Claudia, I swear I will not leave your side next, and I will find all the attackers.&quot; I stroked Claudia's cheek and looked at her sleeping face with an additional fierceness in my heart.
After placing Claudia on the hotel bed, I looked at the ceiling overhead and my thoughts began to spread.
Who had attacked Claudia?
I checked my memory, and the only person who had a grudge against me and was still alive seemed to be Fiona, but hadn't she been given to a rogue?
Even if she made the rogues listen to her orders, in the face of the powerful White Pack, it was almost impossible for the rogues to enter the territory of the pack.
I felt a black shadow hidden inside my back, someone was looking at me with a malicious gaze from behind, but I had no idea who that person was.
I pondered in the hotel bed, holding Claudia in my arms, watching her quietly sleeping, and I didn't know how long it took before I fell into sleep.
This time the sleep seemed shallow, and I felt a mere blink of an eye before I snapped my eyes open.
Claudia was still asleep next to me, and the sun was just beginning to blossom its rays outside the window. I sat up from the bed, but my movement woke Claudia up.
&quot;Isaac, what's happening to me ......?&quot; Claudia had some confusion and rubbed her eyes, but the next moment her face suddenly changed, filled with a bit of alarm and looked around.
&quot;I remember, a few werewolves put me in a coma through some drugs!&quot; After saying that, she began to stroke her cheeks and body. I held her tight at this time with force.
&quot;It's okay, all those people are dead, you don't have to worry.&quot; I looked at her wary look. Some pity appeared in my heart, I wrapped her with my power to try to make her feel a little more secure.
&quot;Isaac ......&quot; I could feel some trembling in her body, but her trembling made my heart even angrier.
There was still our child inside her belly, but there was no way for a werewolf to transform into a wolf while carrying a pup, and I could almost imagine her desperation in the face of these werewolves with no way to fight back.
&quot;Isaac, I'm trying to say that those who attacked me are not simple.&quot; Claudia looked at me with her green eyes, she knew everything I was thinking right now, but she hugged me tighter.
&quot;I had felt the footsteps of these people before they attacked me, but I let my guard down because I didn't feel them with malice.&quot;
&quot;There was no way to feel their emotions?&quot;
&quot;Yes, it's not just that.&quot; Claudia's voice gradually took on some fear.
&quot;When they had me under control, I tried to use my witch's ability to read their minds, but it didn't work! In the middle of their eyebrows, there seemed to be a hidden magic mark interfering with my ability.&quot;
&quot;Magic mark, could it be that there is a witch behind these attackers?&quot; My brow furrowed even more at this point. I couldn't imagine any of my enemies possessing a witch, it was as if they had prepared themselves to target Claudia before they struck.
&quot;I don't know ......,&quot; Claudia's voice began to take on some loss. &quot;I relied too much on my werewolf powers before, and most of my magic was for defense or perception. It felt like everything was going in a good direction, so I gradually let my guard down, but to my surprise, when there was no way to transform into a wolf, I actually had no power to resist those few enemies.&quot;
Her lost voice made my heart seize up. I almost rarely saw her in such a state.
&quot;It doesn't matter, I'll definitely investigate.&quot; I wrapped Claudia in my arms with the sheet and tried to comfort her, but at this time I heard a knock at the door.
&quot;Guests, this is Beta of the White Pack, the identity of those attackers has been investigated clearly.&quot;

###chapter 67
  Claudia's POV.
&quot;Claudia, watch out behind you!&quot;
Nicole's anxious voice appeared inside my head, the fast approaching footsteps behind me brought a bad feeling. I wanted to shift into a wolf, but the feeling coming from inside my body stopped me from doing so.
Shit, werewolves couldn't shift into wolves when they were pregnant!
Before I could consider my next move, a force took control of me from behind me, and at the same time, I saw another unidentified werewolf next to me holding a white gauze towards my face.
These werewolves moved very quickly, the gauze dilated inside my pupils. I knew something would definitely go wrong if I was covered by the gauze. I didn't have any time to hesitate.
&quot;Claudia, use your witch powers!&quot;
Nicole growled anxiously, but there was no way she could occupy my pregnant body.
No, why I had no way to read these werewolves' minds!
The werewolf behind me was controlling my hands and feet, and the werewolf in front of me was trying to use his gauze to blindfold my nose, but when I found a chance to look directly into their eyes, all I could feel was a haze.
In the middle of these werewolves' foreheads, an ancient mark seemed to shine brightly before my eyes, rendering my ability to read thoughts completely ineffective.
&quot;Isaac ......&quot;
These mists seemed to transform into fear that consumed me, and I only had time to let out one last cry before the drug of the gauze on the werewolf's hand sent me into vertigo.
These days of relaxation had made me lose my vigilance against danger ......
The blurred consciousness engulfed me, as if I was caught in a nightmare of an endless abyss and I struggled with all my might to wake up, but there was no way to do so.
I didn't know how long it took, the dream seemed long and short, but I felt my surroundings getting warmer and warmer when I suddenly opened my eyes.
The ceiling and chandelier appeared before my eyes, warmth and charm wrapped around me, and I saw Isaac holding me in his arms.
&quot;Isaac, what's happening to me ......?&quot; I looked around warily, but I realized it was just the hotel bed.
Wasn't I captured by those unidentified werewolves?
&quot;I remember, a few werewolves put me in a coma through a drug specifically for witches!&quot; I started to stroke my body and cheeks, the gauze that had made me faint seemed to reappear before my eyes, but Isaac held me tighter.
His warm hot breath and voice rang in my ears as I poured out my fears and powerlessness to him. The air around him seemed to dispel the fog in my mind, and I felt immensely relieved in his arms.
I ran my hand over his straight nose and thin lips, the appearance of those werewolves who suddenly appeared still in my mind, the mark in the middle of their foreheads was indicating that there must be a powerful witch behind them!
I became more determined inside at this time. I've been too relaxed lately; these kinds of comfortable days have made me slowly lose my vigilance. I couldn't transform into a wolf because I was pregnant, and with not much magic I had learned to deal with a quick crisis, I was in the most dangerous situation.
I must learn more magic to deal with crises!
&quot;Guests, this is Beta of the White Pack, and the identity of those attackers has been investigated clearly.&quot;
Suddenly, I heard a knock at the door and I felt Isaac's face change. We looked at each other and then immediately got up from bed.
I freshened up briefly almost as fast as I could and then followed Isaac as he opened the door.
&quot;Who the hell were those attackers?&quot;
I heard Isaac's tone become serious, and I could even feel the killing intent contained within his voice, but this killing intent generated because of me didn't make me feel cold.
&quot;It's the Blood Moon Pack.&quot; The White Pack's beta had some heaviness in his tone as he walked into the living room with a stack of information and proceeded to place it on the living room table.
&quot;Blood Moon Pack?&quot; Some confusion and anger appeared on Isaac's face. &quot;I've only vaguely heard the name of this pack, but I don't have any grudge against them at all. Why would they have someone attack Claudia?&quot;
&quot;I'm not sure, I've banned people from the Blood Moon Pack from entering.&quot; Beta of the White Pack said as he opened the information placed on the table for investigation.
&quot;This pack has been living in the relatively remote north, it also seems to have little communication with other packs, and only recently has it become active.&quot; After saying that he looked at me, with some apologies inside his eyes.
&quot;I am sorry that I have no way to investigate clearly what purpose they have, but this pack actually did something bad in our pack. I have already had someone notify the other packs, their behavior will definitely trigger the discontent of other packs.&quot;
Along with his voice, Beta of the White Pack turned around and walked towards the door.
&quot;Next, we will absolutely ensure the safety of our pack. You can rest assured that you can enjoy yourselves in our pack.&quot;
&quot;Blood Moon Pack ......&quot; The footsteps of Beta of the White Pack were fading away, and I heard Isaac silently recite the name of the pack, and an angry aura rose up on his body, but it soon disappeared like smoke.
&quot;Claudia, there is nothing more to come, now that the Blood Moon pack has no more access to the territory of the White pack, and ......&quot; he gazed at me with serious eyes, and then a surge of power came from my waist.
&quot;Our honeymoon period isn't over yet.&quot;
I felt my feet leave the ground and the next moment I felt him kiss me with his warm sexy lips.
&quot;Isaac ......,&quot; I hugged him back tightly.
The sunlight outside the window contrasted sharply with the dullness in the corner of the house, the light was gradually becoming blinding, his caramel pupils looked unbearably serious in such a light, and I heard his thoughts at this time.
'I'm going to protect you with everything I have, and our pup.'
Through his eyes, I felt his self-condemnation and also love, which washed away all my uneasiness and made me even more determined to become stronger.
&quot;I understand, I will never doubt your heart, Isaac.&quot;
We kissed hard, I felt his powerful lips and tongue, breathed in his enchanting scent, until I felt my brain was a little short of oxygen, and we ended the kiss.
&quot;Today's surprise will not be missed either. Our honeymoon period is precious and I will make up for the scare you got last night with the next surprise.&quot;
Suddenly, I saw the corners of his mouth show a nice curve at this time, and then I felt him use his power to carry me out of the hotel with him.
What kind of surprise would it be?
Anticipation rose up in my heart, and I didn't look into his eyes at this time to prevent me from reading the surprise he wanted to give me.
I had to respond to the surprise he was giving me with the attitude he was expecting so that I could better respond to his expectations.
The pumpkin wagon was waiting in front of the hotel at exactly eight in the morning, and by the time we got into it again, I started the day with Isaac.
&quot;I never thought something like that would happen last night.&quot; The driver's voice came from in front of us as the pumpkin wagon began to move down the road.
&quot;But I've been in the White Pack for almost ten years, and I'm sure you can rest assured of the safety of the place.&quot;
The tourists on the street began the day's tour, and the driver's voice seemed unmistakably calm, and my heart relaxed a little.
My eyes wandered between the exquisite carvings of the buildings around the White Pack, and although what happened yesterday was buried in my heart, I would not let it affect my mood.
Suddenly, some noisy noises ahead reached my ears and I saw the periphery of an alleyway crowded with guests who had come to visit.
&quot;Is something happening there?&quot;
&quot;You mean those crowded guests in front of us?&quot;
I had some curiosity to look ahead when the voice of the driver came.
&quot;This is because, recently, a wizard who is said to have the ability to foretell came to our pack. All those who want to request his prophecy can get his help by just spending some money, his magic power is really very powerful.&quot; The driver's voice gradually took on some longing.
&quot;I've never seen such magical magic with my own eyes.&quot;
&quot;Precognition?&quot;
I said it loudly with my eyes wide at this time.

###chapter 68
  Claudia's POV.
&quot;Claudia, if this thing is true, maybe we can get that wizard to prophesy about our pup.&quot;
Isaac's voice rang in my ears, and through his eyes I was able to see his anticipation, but I still haven't gotten over the shock now.
In the spell book, the ability to foretell was not a very mysterious magic, but it was also a very difficult kind of magic.
For an ordinary wizard, it would take a lot of energy for them to prophesy once, but this wizard was actually able to prophesy continuously, just to earn some money?
&quot;Isaac, even for a witch like me, it is a very laborious thing to foretell the future, but this wizard can foretell so many people, I am very suspicious of this.&quot;
&quot;Whether it's true or not, there's no harm in letting him foretell, I think it's quite interesting.&quot; Isaac's mouth showed a slight smile, then he took my hand and led me toward the crowded crowd ahead.
I followed him curiously, and the noise ahead became louder and louder as many tourists gathered, all of whom seemed very curious about the wizard who had appeared in the White Pack.
&quot;Mr. Wizard, the necklace my mother gave me disappeared a few days ago. The necklace is very important to me. I have been looking for it for a long time. Are you able to predict the location of the necklace?&quot;
The sound of conversation in front of me attracted my attention, and as my eyes passed through the door of the store, I saw a young woman standing sincerely in front of a man wearing a black cloak.
The man in the black cloak was sitting in a special chair, and on the table in front of him was a crystal ball about a foot long. The hood of the black cloak hid his cheeks from the darkness, and I could only make out his vague looks.
&quot;It is not difficult; you only need to pay a very small part of your money to achieve it.&quot;
A low voice came from underneath the cloak, and then I saw this wizard put his hand on the crystal ball, and his mouth began to recite the incantation, but I didn't hear it because the voice was too low.
He was really using the magic of precognition just for a little money.
It was so amazing that I wanted to get closer, but the tourists in front of me blocked me and I could only watch from afar.
&quot;I know where your necklace is.&quot;
After only a few seconds, I once again heard the low voice of the wizard, and then I saw the crystal ball begin to glow lightly, and there were some blurred images appearing in the middle of the crystal ball.
&quot;In the east corner of the storage room in your home, you can definitely find it if you go there now.&quot;
&quot;It actually fell in that place. Really thank you so much, mother's necklace is very important to me, you are really a powerful wizard.&quot;
The young she-wolf was very excited to express her feelings, and after paying some money she left the place anxiously.
I had some amazement at what was happening in front of me, but at the same time some anticipation arose in my heart.
Maybe I could actually let him prophesy about my child with Isaac.
&quot;Claudia, who do you think our child will look like in the future?&quot;
Isaac's voice rang in my ears and I saw that his eyes kept looking ahead, he also looked very curious about the wizard.
&quot;Like who?&quot; I looked down and stroked my stomach as I carried out some fantasy inside my head.
&quot;I think the baby should be handsome like me, and he probably has beautiful golden brown hair.&quot; Suddenly Isaac's voice interrupted my imagination, looking at the wicked smile on the corner of his mouth. I pouted my mouth at this time.
&quot;No, I think the child should be as beautiful as me, she has the same green pupils.&quot;
&quot;Maybe a caramel color?&quot;
&quot;No, it has to be green!&quot; I said as I tried to pound him on the chest, but I didn't expect him to hold me tightly in his arms at this point.
&quot;I mean, if it was a boy, then it would be as handsome as me.&quot; He met my eyes with a serious look, and his magnetic voice almost made my head go blank.
&quot;If it was a girl, then it would be as beautiful as you.&quot;
I smiled and looked at him, but inside I was actually worried. Would this child have a special ability like me? And if it did, I wondered if I would let my child learn to hide it, like my father did to me? I didn't stop thinking about this until I felt the crowd around me slowly moving forward.
&quot;It's about to be our turn. I never thought a wizard would be welcomed like this in a wolf pack and be able to cause such a buzz, maybe his prophecy will be the same as my guess.&quot; Isaac's voice brought me completely back to reality as he took me by the wrist and led me through the crowd, and soon we entered the store where the wizard was.
But even though we were close to the wizard, I still couldn't see the wizard's face.
The wizard used his cloak to cover his eyes so tightly that I had no way to see his eyes clearly, and could only guess what he looked like through the half of his face that was exposed.
&quot;Pretty lady, may I ask what you want to prophesy?&quot; Soon it was my turn and Isaac's, and we came across the wizard.
&quot;I want to prophesy about my child, there is not much to ask, just to simply prophesy about it and satisfy our curiosity.&quot; I stroked my stomach, a smile on my face, while inadvertently surveying the store's interior.
The store seemed to have been rented only a short time ago. It was not very decorated, except for the wizard in the center of the store and the crystal ball on the table, there was nothing else inside the store.
&quot;Your child?&quot; The wizard's voice seemed to take on a bit of surprise, while I felt his speech speed up.
&quot;Okay, there is no problem, please put your hand on top of this crystal ball, I need to feel it carefully.&quot; The wizard spoke quickly, while pointing his finger at the glowing crystal ball on the table.
I followed his instructions at this time and began to act, but at the same time some doubts appeared in my mind.
To him, I should just be a mother who wanted to predict the situation of her child, so why did his speech speed produce such a change? His reaction made me think that he was not the first time to see me, he was kind of strange.
Did this wizard actually know me?
After I placed my hand on the crystal ball, I tried to look him straight in the eyes to read his thoughts, but no matter how I changed my angle, I couldn't see his eyes.
It was as if even the wind was not able to blow up his cloak that covered his cheeks, and I had no chance to look straight into his eyes.
&quot;Claudia, what's wrong?&quot; Suddenly, I heard Isaac's voice coming from beside me, and he seemed to notice my abnormality.
&quot;Nothing, I'm just a little nervous, I'm just so curious about our pup.&quot;
I laughed at this. Maybe I was just overthinking it. I didn't have any recollection of this wizard in my memory, and he had only recently appeared in the White Pack, so how could he have known me before?
A wizard who could do continuous precognition was very powerful, and I was sure that there was no wizard I knew who was as powerful as the one in front of me.
Suddenly, I heard the wizard begin to recite some incantations that I had not heard before, and he placed both of his hands on the bottom of the crystal ball. I searched my memory, I did not even find a spell similar to the one he used, but I could feel the power of the spell, and the power implied by the spell made me feel a little uncomfortable.
I could feel the power of this wizard more directly at this time. Such a powerful witch, why did I never heard them mentioned in the coven?
I waited silently, and suddenly I heard the wizard's surprised voice again, as if he had no way to control his surprise, and his tone even brought some trembling.
&quot;This child is definitely not ordinary; I have never met such a child!&quot;
Along with his voice, I saw a red and green glow appear in the center of the crystal ball, and a sense of vitality and raging power came out of it, a sight that made my expression turn serious.

###chapter 69
  Claudia's POV.
  &quot;This child is definitely not an ordinary child, I have never made such a prophecy before, it is as if there is a mysterious power in this child that is hindering my prophecy!&quot; The wizard excitedly stroked the crystal, he lowered his head, as if he put all his attention on the picture of the crystal ball.
  &quot;So what is the result of the prophecy?&quot; I looked at his face and my heart felt as if it was about to pop out of my throat.
  Although I thought before that our child would be more gifted than the average person, I didn't expect such an amazing result.
  &quot;I can't clearly say what his future will be, but I can feel that his future is too extraordinary for me to reach that level of attainment in wizardry.&quot; The wizard's tone became a little heavier at this time.
  &quot;I can only tell you that this is a boy who has multiple powers in him and has a talent far beyond the average werewolf, but I have no way of seeing exactly what it is.&quot; The wizard stroked the surface of the crystal ball.
  &quot;It's as if a mist is holding me back.&quot;
  &quot;With multiple powers?&quot; Isaac and I looked at each other, and we were both able to understand what the other had in mind.
  This child had the bloodline of a werewolf and a witch. Such a result did not surprise us, but the talent far beyond the average werewolf made us feel a little surprised.
  &quot;Thank you very much, Mr. Wizard.&quot; Isaac looked at the wizard at this time, with sincerity in his tone.
  &quot;We are satisfied to get such a result; may I ask how much we need to pay for this prophecy?&quot;
  &quot;No, wait a minute!&quot;
  When the wizard saw that we were ready to pay and leave, he actually stood up from his chair in excitement.
  &quot;Such a prophecy almost touches on a field of wizardry that I have never touched before, and I wish to know this child better.&quot;
  &quot; Knowing more?&quot; Isaac and I paused with some confusion, waiting for his next words.
  &quot;This beautiful lady, I just have too much love for wizardry, and I swear my understanding will not have any ill effects on your child. I have a crystal ball here. If you place your hand on it, you can contact me and I can make some prophecies through it.&quot;
  The wizard said as he pulled out a small crystal ball from a drawer under his desk, it looked like it could be held perfectly in one hand.
  &quot;I am really very curious about this child's abilities, and I sincerely hope that you will let me prophesy about him on a regular basis, and that you can contact me through the crystal ball at any time, and I will be happy to help in any way that I can.&quot;
  I stood frozen in place as I heard his words. I never expected this wizard to say such a thing.
  The prophecy was very energy-consuming. Was he really just curious and wanted to know?
  I had some doubts, but I saw his eyes at this time.
  When he stood up from the chair, because of the height, I finally saw his eyes, his eyes full of sincerity, his pupils white as if like a light, without any dirt.
  White pupils? This was definitely rarer than my green pupils. Perhaps it was these eyes that were too easy to draw attention to, so he used the cloak to cover his face.
  I looked at him seriously, and to my surprise, I didn't hear any of his inner thoughts through his eyes, as if he wasn't thinking anything inside, he clearly wasn't using any magic. Was my mind reading not working?
  I turned my head and locked eyes with someone else.
  'Just how extraordinary is her child to make a wizard so excited and curious.'
  'She's so beautiful and her husband is so handsome!'
  It seemed my mind-reading hadn't failed, but why?
  He was a powerful wizard, so maybe there was some specialness?
  I had no way to know the reason inside, but I trusted my own judgment.
  Because I was equally interested in his special pupils, and at the same time, I wanted to know why I couldn't read his mind. He looked at me with such an expectant gaze that all my attention was on his white pupil.
  I was silent for two seconds at this time, and then I placed that crystal ball in my hand.
  It was just an ordinary crystal ball. I didn't feel any traces of magic formation; I couldn't see anything at all from the appearance.
  To be on the safe side, I still used a simple spell check spell. If there was a hidden spell in this crystal ball, then the crystal ball would turn red. If not, the crystal ball would not change at all.
  I recited the spell silently, and the crystal ball did not change in any way. I looked up at him.
  &quot;Mr. Wizard, I have great respect for your pursuit of wizardry research.&quot; I had a smile on my face at this time.
  &quot;Thank you very much for the prophecy. I agree with your request.&quot;
  This prophecy ended in a pleasant conversation, and after paying the wizard, we left the store with the crystal ball.
  &quot;Claudia, why did you believe the wizard so easily?&quot; In the pumpkin wagon, Isaac let me lean on his shoulder, his voice with some doubt.
  &quot;I didn't sense any malice, and, I was just as curious about him.&quot; My voice became a little more serious at this point.
  &quot;I have never seen white pupils in a witch or wizard. And, he didn't use any sorcery to block my gift, but I couldn't read his mind.&quot;
  &quot;I think I need to investigate this wizard.&quot; At this point the expression on Isaac's face became serious, and the determination inside his eyes was the most reassuring presence I felt.
  &quot;During this time of your pregnancy, I will use my best to protect you, and I will not put you in danger again. Isaac held me tighter as he wrapped his arms around my neck.
  &quot;Whether or not Whit Pack's beta is telling the truth, I will stay by your side for the rest of my life, and no one will be able to hurt you as long as I'm around.&quot;
  I smelled the scent of ebony and cedar on him and leaned against his powerful body, being in his warm embrace would always make me feel like I was drunk, it was as if he was my warmest harbor.
  I looked at his strong arms, and my past experiences made it clear to me that no one was going to be around anyone all the time.
  Pregnancy had left me with no way to transform into a wolf, and I had no doubt that Isaac would do his best to protect me, but there would always be times when he wasn't there for me, so I had to make myself stronger.
  I have to make my sorcery stronger.
  I looked down and stroked my belly, my baby, I would protect you.
  The dazzling sun shone through the window on the pumpkin wagon on Isaac and me.
  I looked up at the window, it was a particularly nice day, which gradually improved my mood, which was bad because of the previous accident.
  &quot;Claudia, we'll soon be at our next destination.&quot; Isaac's voice rang in my ears.
  &quot;After the sea of flowers is paradise, so what is after paradise? Please look forward to it. I'm going to make you feel all the wonderful things you can imagine in these seven days.&quot;

###chapter 70
  Claudia's POV.
Soon to arrive?
The sunlight outside the window was gradually becoming stronger, and I took the crystal ball out at this time. The sunlight penetrated the crystal ball almost instantly, making it emit a brilliant light that looked beautiful like a moon.
&quot;This crystal ball looks like the material used is very good, there are no impurities, using this crystal ball to play magic will definitely be more effective.&quot;
I dragged my chin and admired the beautiful glow from this crystal ball until the voice of the carriage driver came from ahead.
&quot;Guest, according to the process you set out before, we have arrived at our destination.&quot; With the carriage driver's words, my heartbeat also accelerated at this time.
What kind of place would it be?
I imagined the environment outside the carriage, but before I could get out of the carriage, I could already hear the noisy sounds outside.
There was the chatter of tourists, the chirping of birds, and the sound of those waves, and I looked at Isaac in almost disbelief at this time.
&quot; Could it be that we have come to the sea, but the White Pack is in the forest. How could we have come to the sea?&quot;
&quot;The White Pack is indeed inside the forest.&quot; The corner of Isaac's mouth curled up a magnitude. &quot;But just because it's inside the forest doesn't mean there isn't a view you want to see.&quot;
I froze for two seconds listening to his words, then the next second I quickly opened the door of the carriage. At the same moment, the image in front of me also made me almost speechless.
&quot;There is actually such a sight inside the White Pack, I can hardly imagine that I am inside a wolf pack.&quot; I looked in amazement at the world before me, down the stairs at the edge of the street, blue taking up almost most of my vision.
All kinds of carriages were parked at the edge of the street, surrounded by hills, a huge lake reflecting the blue of the sky, the width of this lake was almost more than three miles, tourists gathered around the shore of the lake, merchants with food carts weaved in and out of the crowd, stores selling snacks were opening, it looked beautiful and lively.
&quot;Claudia, it's been a long time since you've swam.&quot; Isaac said as he opened the bag he had placed on the carriage. &quot;I've already prepared our swimsuit.&quot;
I heard his voice and shifted my eyes back, but the next moment I pouted my lips. &quot;The style of this one-piece swimsuit is only liked by grandmothers, right? It doesn't even show the waist.&quot;
I tried to protest, but I didn't expect force to come from my waist the next moment.
&quot;There are so many people on this beach, I don't want other men to see too much of your beauty.&quot; Isaac pressed my waist to his, and then his chest gradually curved downward, his hot breath blowing almost to my ears.
&quot;Claudia, you need to know that everything you are is mine, and no one else can even look at it more than once.&quot;
I lost my voice as I watched his seductive caramel pupils, a heat spreading upward from my neck and quickly spreading to my cheeks.
I was almost out of my mind looking at him at this point, and I got closer to him uncontrollably, but he was the first to let go of his hand.
&quot;Don't be lost in thought, do you still want me to help you change into your swimsuit?&quot;
I looked at the bad smile at the corner of his mouth. I quickly sobered up, the atmosphere just now was instantly ruined by him completely. I couldn't help but pinch the flesh on his waist fiercely. &quot; Jerk, I'll change it by myself.&quot;
We moved quickly, the anticipation in my mind seemed to be the gear that accelerated my body's movement, and once I changed into my swimsuit, we quickly rushed up the beach.
&quot;Claudia, don't you want to eat some beach snacks?&quot;
&quot;No, I'm going to swim to my heart's content first, and we'll talk about it when I want to eat.&quot;
The wind at the lake blew my hair back, the freshness was almost about to run through my body, the sand under my feet came with a delicate touch. I took Isaac's arm and rushed towards the vast lake, when the first drops of water in the lake touched my skin. That kind of cool touch almost made me mesmerized.
&quot;The atmosphere here is really great; I admit that I feel surprised here again!&quot;
The water gradually rose from the bottom of my feet, and it was as if I had entered a soft package. The sunlight overhead was very warm, but all I could feel was a coolness that made me incredibly comfortable.
&quot;The feeling of swimming is actually so comforting, this is not at all comparable to being in the bathtub.&quot; I used my hand to fiddle with the water in the lake. In this position, the water came to my waist, but was only able to cover Isaac's thighs.
I turned my head and smiled at him. Isaac's swimsuit was a pair of loose-fitting light blue shorts with a perfect art-like muscular silhouette depicting his upper body and a blurred upper body of him in the reflection of the lake.
Looking really the most perfect man in the world, I had some intoxication in his perfect and full of power body, but at this time I felt some other sight.
These eyes caught my attention and I turned my head towards the surrounding beach and I noticed that there were actually some female tourists peeking at Isaac.
&quot;Claudia, is there something over there?&quot; Seemingly noticing my gaze, Isaac tried to turn his head towards the beach, but I pressed my hand against his face at this time.
&quot;You're not allowed to look.&quot;
&quot;Why?&quot; Isaac's voice showed some confusion.
&quot;If I say you're not allowed to look, you're not allowed to look.&quot; I pouted my lips and glared at him, then I took his arm and continued to walk deeper towards the lake, not stopping until the water covered my chest.
I turned my head at this point to look at the shore, and at this distance, we were already some distance from the river bank, and without surprising me, I didn't feel the sight that annoyed me anymore.
If Isaac said I was all about him, then he was equally all about me, we were all about each other, and I didn't want another woman peeking at my man's perfect body.
&quot;Claudia, what exactly did you not want me to see just now?&quot; Isaac raised his left eyebrow, as if he was still curious about what had happened earlier, but I still shook my head.
&quot;No questions allowed.&quot;
&quot;Claudia ......&quot;
Isaac seemed to be about to say something else, but I suddenly moved closer to him and kissed his sexy lips.
I kissed him hard, and then I left quickly.
&quot;If you want to take control of the initiative, beat me at swimming.&quot; I smiled and gave him a look, then swam quickly toward the distance.
&quot;Claudia, you're fouling.&quot; Isaac seemed frozen for a moment, but soon the desire to conquer appeared in his mind. &quot;You better pray you don't get caught by me!&quot;
I quickly accelerated my swimming speed this time, but I heard the sound of water splashing away from behind me at this time.
Isaac was catching up!

###chapter 71
  Claudia's POV.
I really wished we could stay happy like this forever.
The cool sea water wrapped my whole body as I swam in the lake to my heart's content. Isaac was following behind me.
According to his normal speed, he could easily catch up with me, but he did not do so.
It was as if there was a tacit rope connecting our souls, and we were enjoying this state of mutual chase at the same time.
The joyful laughter of the tourists on the shore of the lake came through, the birds on the lake flew past me, the water splashed away in front of my eyes, and I could even feel some fish in the lake sliding past my feet.
It was so relaxing that all the thoughts in my mind seemed to be emptied by the natural scenery here, and I became one with the lake, and the residual fatigue inside my spirit was purified without any trace.
&quot;Claudia, if you do not work hard, I will soon catch up with you, I guarantee you will regret it!&quot; Isaac's voice pretending to be fierce came from behind me, but all I could feel was sweetness.
&quot;No, you won't catch me at all, I'm not even swimming hard.&quot; I responded to him provocatively, then picked up my speed.
This chase continued, the sun was shining gently over the head of the lake, the sunlight and the waves of the lake were intertwined, making the whole lake seem to be radiating light.
A sudden gust of wind blew, the waves in the lake rolled up along with the wind, and the light reflected on the surface of the lake began to tremble, making me feel as if my whole being was in the light, and these pieces of light seeped in from every corner of my body, and the darkness in my whole body seemed to be dispelled.
The sun moved slowly over the lake and I swam without pause until exhaustion began to set in and I felt my speed slow down, then two warm hands crossed my waist and embraced me from behind.
&quot;Claudia, do you admit defeat?&quot;
The strength made me instantly float up from the water, and my body's exhaustion partially disappeared.
&quot;I've got you, now I'll see how you can run.&quot; Isaac's neck and the back of my neck pressed together, his lips almost behind my ear, along with his breath, I felt his wet and warm body.
&quot;No, you haven't quite caught up!&quot; I pouted and tried to break free from his embrace, but I realized at this point that I was indeed tired.
The cool water of the lake took away all my strength and all I could do was stay in Isaac's embrace.
Sparks arose between the contact of our skin, perhaps because of the lake, I felt his skin become smoother, and when I pressed against him, the feeling of suffocation had surged from my chest up to my throat.
My body was becoming less and less strong, and as we touched, the temperature rose in our center, and it was as if I melted into his body, completely taken over by his power.
&quot;It has caught up with you, and you can no longer escape, you belong to me.&quot; Isaac's voice became more powerful in my ears, and suddenly I felt him move his body forward, our necks pressed together in a flash, and he nipped my lips with his teeth, and continued to deepen the kiss.
My breathing was becoming rapid with his rhythm as he wrapped his lips around my tongue and proceeded to suck on it as hard as if it were jelly, and I felt as if I were about to be swallowed by him.
&quot;Isaac ......&quot; My body was also gradually becoming hot, and we kissed fiercely in the water of the lake, until I was really about to lose my breath. Isaac separated from me.
&quot;Claudia, I can feel your body almost smooth to the point of no friction.&quot; Isaac's mouth tilted out at an angle as he put his hand in the water and proceeded to make smooth contact with my torso, his hand caressing me as if it were the tentacles of an octopus.
&quot;Are you trying to ......&quot; his searing heat passed over my body. I looked at the shore at this time. I found at this time we were right behind a huge reef, the distance between the people on the shore and us was almost a few hundred feet. No matter what we were doing here, no one would notice.
My body relaxed a little more at this point and I felt the heat coming from his body as he held me tighter and then I felt his erection.
&quot;No, now that you're pregnant, the most important thing to me is your health and our baby, I just need a little time.&quot; Isaac held me tightly in the water, and because of the lake's current, it was as if the distance between him and me was transcended, and the intense electricity of just holding together had almost paralyzed me.
I listened to his gasps, then I looked up into his caramel pupils, and I saw inside these seductive eyes, in addition to desire, more than a protective heart for me.
At that moment, we were not in each other's bodies, but we were closer in our hearts.
&quot;Claudia, let's go to the reef.&quot; Along with Isaac's voice, his hands became stronger on my waist, and my body quickly surfaced under this force, and then I sat on the smooth plane of the reef exposed to the water.
Isaac let out a deep breath at this time, accompanied by a cloud of exploding water, he sat beside me.
&quot;Isaac, I'm looking forward to my next destination more and more, it's as if I'm roaming inside the land of fairy tales, with you.&quot; I leaned into his heaving chest and we wiggled our feet in the water, our bodies close together.
&quot;The next surprise will never diminish, and I swear here to the moon goddess that I will bring such beauty to you with all my might in the future time.&quot;
The sound of the water waves echoed in my ears, as if this was the entire lake playing music for us, people on the far shore of the lake still playing tirelessly, the glow of the lake surrounded us, and the shells blown up by the water waves quietly lying beside us.
This was a world that belonged to just the two of us, and we sat quietly, embracing each other's bodies.
I was so engrossed in this wonderful time that I didn't want it to stop, and if I had to give this time a deadline, I wanted it to be a thousand years.
We watched the glow of the lake change and waited for time to pass until the sun overhead came to the edge of the mountains surrounding the lake and I saw the dim yellow light.
&quot;Claudia, it's time for us to get out of here.&quot;
&quot;What's for dinner?&quot;
&quot;I won't tell you, that's what the surprise is about.&quot;
&quot;You're such a surprise maker ......&quot;

###chapter 72
  Claudia's POV.
The fairy-tale honeymoon was long and short, and it was as if I had experienced joy that rivaled eternity, but that joy had an end.
Isaac took me on a tour of the entire White Wolf Pack. I experienced paradise, lakes, sunrises and sunsets. We stood at the top of a high mountain and watched the entire forest form a lake. We snuggled at night and then looked at the sky full of stars. Although it was only seven short days, the length of those seven days seemed to span my whole life.
They were the treasures of my memory, and I believed that in the future, no matter what difficulties I encountered, when I recalled this time, it would give me endless strength.
I wished I could be with Isaac like this forever, but no matter what it was, there would be an end. When Isaac and I returned to the Crimson Shadow Pack, Isaac immediately arranged an investigation into the Blood Moon Pack while I tried to contact Miranda.
&quot;Claudia, is there something wrong with you contacting me now at this time?&quot; Through the crystal ball that the wizard I met in the White Pack gave me, Miranda's voice came from inside the crystal ball.
Establishing a connection through the crystal ball was also a type of magic I had learned. I just hadn't had the chance to use it for a long time, but today I had the chance to use it.
&quot;I want to learn more and more powerful magic.&quot;
&quot;Why do you suddenly have such an idea?&quot; Miranda's voice was tinged with some doubt.
&quot;Previously, I relied too much on the werewolf's power, which left me with a lot of defensive magic that I didn't learn.&quot; With that said, I began to rub my belly.
&quot;And now that I'm pregnant and have no way to transform into my wolf form, I want to make my witch powers even more powerful.&quot; Through the crystal ball, I looked at Miranda's purple pupils with serious eyes. She probably hadn't seen such an attitude from me in a long time, and the corners of her mouth quirked up with the amplitude of a smile.
&quot;Claudia, I've actually been waiting for this day for a long time.&quot;
&quot;Waited for a long time, what do you mean by that?&quot; I had some confusion looking at Miranda in the crystal ball.
Hearing my voice, her tone became heavy. &quot;Only those who truly desire power can hope to cross the chasm of life and bring out the true power of these eyes of yours.&quot;
&quot;True power?&quot;
&quot;That's right, as I once said, the witch with those eyes once helped a king win a war.&quot; Miranda's voice became a little higher at this point.
&quot;A witch with these eyes has this unimaginable potential, and I've been waiting for an opportunity, an opportunity for you to gain the power you want.&quot;
I listened to her voice and my eyes widened.
Were those eyes really that powerful? But I didn't feel like there was much difference between me and the other witches.
Doubt filled my heart. But at the same time, there was a surge of surprise, and I even felt my speech speed up a bit.
&quot;Miranda, so what do I have to do to activate the true power of my eyes?&quot; I waited for her answer with immense anticipation, but I saw her shake her head at that moment.
&quot;I just know that a witch with these eyes has infinite potential, but I don't know the real way to activate them.&quot; Speaking of this, I saw a light seem to appear inside her purple pupils.
&quot;But now that you have the qualifications to find the power, I have a feeling you will become a truly powerful witch, and even be able to change the status of the coven.&quot;
Miranda's voice echoed in my head, and the content of her words sent a shock through my spirit, but soon her voice brought me back to reality once again.
&quot;Claudia, have you returned to the Crimson Shadow Pack now? I heard that you and Isaac had gone to White Pack for your honeymoon earlier.&quot;
&quot;Yes, I'm back already.&quot;
Miranda smiled at this point. &quot;I'll take the more advanced spell books with me to your pack, and now that you're pregnant, I can't afford to put you out of the pack in danger.&quot;
Her voice was warm like spring water surrounding my body, and I looked at her beautiful purple pupils, creating a shiver in my heart.
&quot;Thank you very much Miranda, you are as gentle as my mother, but you are so beautiful, sometimes I really shouldn't know how to describe you.&quot;
&quot;You are so lovely, if you don't mind, you can try to call me Mira.&quot;
Miranda had a warm smile on her face at this time, and her purple pupils narrowed into a curved slit, giving the impression of being blown by a warm breeze.
Through the crystal ball, I spoke with Miranda. No, now I should call her Mira, and she briefly described to me the introduction of those higher spell books, and then we cut the connection.
I sat on the couch in the living room, holding the crystal ball in my arms, and Mira's words lingered inside my head.
The witch with those eyes once helped the king win a war? Did it really possess such power?
In the ancient records of magic books, every kingdom was a very powerful existence, and the army formed by werewolves was almost unstoppable by any enemy, but the power of just one witch could win the war of an entire kingdom?
What a powerful power this was.
I was thinking in my mind, I just needed to wait until Miranda arrived. I would be able to learn more advanced knowledge of wizardry, but in addition to learning it, I must also pay attention to my health.
Now I had my child with Isaac in my belly, he was the fruit of our love, he was almost as important in my heart as my life. I now had to protect my body to make him healthier when he was born.
Just as I was thinking about this, I heard very familiar footsteps coming from outside the door, a charming scent that I could smell clearly from almost a dozen feet away.
Surprise bloomed in my heart like a flower, and the moment the door was opened, a huge smile immediately appeared on my face as Isaac reached out and took me into his arms.
&quot;Claudia, I have some investigation about the Blood Moon Pack. No matter what purpose they have, when they hurt you, I will definitely take revenge for you.&quot;
My heart trembled at the sound of his voice, and I ran my hand through his golden-brown hair and kissed his cheek with my lips.
&quot;Isaac, I know your heart, but no matter what, you have to understand that, in my heart, your safety is the most important. If this matter of revenge is in danger, in fact, it is not necessary to avenge me.&quot;
I met his eyes at this time, but I saw a toughness that appeared in his eyes like steel.
&quot;I won't allow anyone to hurt you. Don't worry, I'm not in danger that easily.&quot;
Here he paused for a moment. &quot; The Blood Moon Pack is just a wolf pack with little threat. Our wolf pack is far more powerful than them, as long as I find the right opportunity, I will make them pay.&quot;
I looked at the toughness and love inside his eyes, and it was as if my body was about to melt.
I became even more determined inside at this time. I must inspire the full power that these eyes of mine possess, so that I could help Isaac and cross the obstacle of thorns side by side with him.

###chapter 73
  Isaac's POV.
After returning to Crimson Shadow Pack, I immediately carried out my investigation of Blood Moon Pack.
To my credit, there were already some records of Blood Moon Pack in the wolf pack's information, but I quickly fell into contemplation as I looked at that information on the file.
Blood Moon Pack was a wolf pack that was in a relatively remote place. This pack rarely communicated with other packs as if they were deliberately hiding their information, which made the doubts inside me deepen.
According to Crimson Shadow Pack's records, there was no grudge between our pack and Blood Moon Pack, so why did they want to make a move against Claudia? I looked through all that information and couldn't find the reason, at this time I heard a voice coming from outside the door.
&quot;Alpha Isaac, you look like you're in the middle of something, can I help you?&quot;
I lifted my head at this time, and a serious middle-aged man's face appeared in front of me, a thin beard lining his cheeks, he had short, dry white hair and broad cheeks full of power.
He was the first intelligence officer in charge of all Crimson Shadow Pack's intelligence, Lux.
Some anticipation appeared in my mind and I looked at him seriously. &quot;Do you know more about Blood Moon Pack?&quot; I said as I pushed the information on the table half a palm towards his side.
&quot;Blood Moon Pack?&quot; a thoughtful look appeared on Lux's face.
&quot;I'm sorry, in the recently acquired information, I'm only able to know that Blood Moon Pack's Alpha possesses great power, other than that, I don't know any more than this information.&quot; Lux lowered his head and looked apologetic.
I looked at his apologetic look, I dragged my chin, pondered for three seconds, and then my voice took on a serious tone.
&quot;Blood Moon Pack sent someone to cause harm to our Crimson Shadow Pack's Luna, and they seem to want to kidnap her, which is something I absolutely cannot allow.&quot; Speaking of this, killing intent appeared inside my voice. &quot;You find a way to investigate all the information you can about this wolf pack for me, and send someone to pay attention to the movements of this pack, we will probably have to start a war with this wolf pack.&quot;
Lux was a little surprised, but soon his face appeared with an expression of understanding. &quot;This wolf pack trying to harm our Luna is indeed unforgivable, Alpha Isaac, you can rest assured that this matter is in my hands, I will definitely give you an answer within a week.&quot;
After saying that I saw Lux leave the intelligence office, and I was once again in deep thought at this time.
&quot;Caesar? Do you have any opinion about this matter?&quot;
&quot;I have a hunch that this wolf pack is definitely not as simple as it seems, and I think we should take fuller measures.&quot; Caesar's voice answered inside my head, and at the same time, I could feel his anger.
Claudia was our mate, and any enemy that threatened our mate would face our bloody wrath, and I could feel that Caesar's anger was no less than mine.
I took a deep breath at this time and proceeded to walk towards the outside of the intelligence office.
Claudia now had our child inside her belly, and as long as there was nothing urgent, I had to be by her side.
I absolutely cannot let what happened last time happen again, I wanted her to enjoy the best protection during her pregnancy, and just as I thought of this, an aroma reached my nostrils.
This smell was fresh cake, and I thought Claudia would like it.
The corners of my mouth showed a smile at this time, and then I turned around and walked towards the cake store down the street.
The days in the wolf pack were full, and I spent every day with Claudia's side while waiting for news from Lux.
When I returned to the packhouse at noon on the third day, I saw a woman with black hair and purple pupils by Claudia's side.
&quot;Miranda, you came to our wolf pack is ......?&quot;
&quot;Isaac, I want to learn higher witchcraft, Miranda came to our wolf pack to instruct me in witchcraft.&quot;
Claudia and Miranda sat very close to each other, they seemed to be reading the same witchcraft book, I looked at the close relationship between Claudia and Miranda heart relaxed a lot.
The Blood Moon Pack thing might keep me busy, but having Miranda by Claudia's side would give me a lot of peace of mind.
&quot;Miranda, thank you so much for teaching Claudia.&quot; I turned my voice to sincerity.
&quot;I will have my people give you more access, and you can come to me for any problems you encounter in Crimson Shadow Pack that you cannot solve.&quot;
&quot;No need to be so polite, I can only feel pleasure in being able to teach a witch with such a powerful talent as Claudia.&quot;
Two more days passed once again, and that wasn't even a week before I saw Lux rushing into my office gasping out of breath.
&quot;Is this something urgent that has happened?&quot; Looking at his appearance, I stopped what I was doing.
&quot;Alpha Isaac, about the Blood Moon Pack, they're starting to make big moves!&quot;
&quot;What? What big move has happened?&quot;
My eyebrows furrowed at this time, I felt a bad premonition, like the feeling of being about to be overwhelmed by wind and rain on a rainy day, this feeling of danger appeared in my heart.
&quot;It's war.&quot; Lux's face began to look heavy.
&quot;Blood Moon Pack, for some reason, is waging war like crazy, and they used just three days to destroy a small wolf pack that was very close to him!&quot;
&quot;Three days!&quot; I jerked up from my seat.
&quot;Yes, just three days, after they destroyed that small wolf pack, now they are once again waging war on other wolf packs as if they have no purpose just for war, they are really crazy!&quot;
&quot;There is actually such a thing.&quot; I knew at this point that my bad premonition had come true.
Blood Moon Pack had destroyed a small pack in just three days, although it was only a small pack, it was a pack, after all, even Crimson Shadow Pack would have a hard time doing that.
Blood Moon Pack was likely to hide a very terrifying power, which was a huge threat, and since this wolf pack had once struck at Claudia, then the object of their war afterward would probably be Crimson Shadow Pack.
Without engaging in too much hesitation, I instantly began to walk toward the door.
&quot;Lux, you continue to observe Blood Moon Pack's movements, now I have to immediately start preparations to deal with the war, I have a hunch that Blood Moon Pack's purpose is definitely not simple!&quot;

###chapter 74
  Claudia's POV.
What kind of witchcraft would the higher witchcraft be?
In the days before Miranda came, I thought back every day about the witchcraft I had learned before, although I had known many kinds of witchcraft. But I was not proficient in any of them, and I didn't know anything about the higher witchcraft.
I used to have the power of a wolf, so I neglected this, but I now have to make my witchcraft stronger.
The distance between the coven and Crimson Shadow Pack was not close, originally, I thought it would take some time for Miranda to come to our pack, but I didn't expect that after only two days, Crimson Shadow Pack patrollers would tell me the news that she had arrived at the parlor.
&quot;Miranda's already here?&quot;
&quot;Yes, Luna Claudia.&quot;
His voice carried some respect, and such a tone made me feel in a bit of a trance.
Yes, now I was Luna of Crimson Shadow Pack, and I should gradually get used to it all.
I didn't think much more about it, and when I arrived at the parlor, I saw the familiar face.
With dark hair like a screen of darkness blocking the two purple full of beauty stars below, Miranda was even more beautiful.
&quot;Miranda!&quot;
I shouted in surprise, and she also showed a familiar and charming smile at this time.
&quot;Originally, I thought it would take some time for you to come to our pack ......&quot;
&quot;It does if you're in a normal hurry.&quot; Miranda gestured to her beautiful purple pupils. &quot;But I'm a witch, and I always have some way to speed up my progress.
At this point, Miranda's tone became serious. &quot;I will stay by your side for the rest of the day until you can become proficient in all the knowledge of witchcraft I know.&quot;
&quot;I will arrange a place for you to stay immediately.&quot; Joy and anticipation spread through my heart, but I saw Miranda shake her head at this moment.
&quot;No need to go to such trouble, now that you are pregnant, if you don't mind, I can live with you, so it will be easier for me to take care of you.&quot; Speaking of this Miranda smiled.
&quot;After all, you did say that I'm like your mother, and I want to take care of you because you saved me once.&quot;
&quot;I would very much like to live with you!&quot;
We talked happily and I took Miranda straight to the villa where I was, but I had some doubts at this time when I looked at her all relaxed.
How could I learn a higher form of witchcraft when she didn't seem to have anything with her?
These doubts existed in my mind, but I didn't ask right away, because I trusted her a lot.
&quot;Claudia, I know what you are thinking.&quot; Her eyes curved into a slit at this time.
&quot;Soon you will know.&quot;
Soon, we arrived at the entrance of my villa, this time I saw Miranda squatting on the dirt in front of the door, as if she was drawing something.
I stood by curiously and listened to the incantation that seemed to jump like music that she recited in her mouth, and when her incantation stopped, a spell formation that was covered with special patterns was completed.
&quot;Could it be that those spell books ......?&quot; A guess appeared in my heart, and the next moment I saw the spell formation begin to release a dazzling blue glow!
The glow lasted for only two seconds, and then I could see clearly the changes produced in the center of the spell formation.
&quot;This is a spell book?&quot; I couldn't help but open my lips wide.
&quot;It's actually possible to transport so many spell books here in a flash, I've never even heard of such a spell before.&quot;
I said while surveying in amazement the dozen or so spell books stacked together in the center of the spell formation.
&quot;Teleportation spell is a combination of magic array and spell.&quot; At this time Miranda's voice rang out.
&quot;Most of the witchcraft you learned before are witchcraft used through spell formations, reciting spells are only a few, and only some simple ones.&quot; Speaking of this, she pointed to the pattern of spell formations on the ground.
&quot; Spell formations compared to witchcraft that require spells can be easily released by just carving the right spell formation, but for witchcraft through spells, the requirements will be a bit higher because it is not possible to stop on the way to recite the spell, and it requires strong energy and accuracy to complete the spell in its entirety, and this kind of witchcraft is the one you need to practice next. &quot; Her voice paused for two seconds at this point, and then a smile appeared at the corner of her mouth.
&quot;Claudia, I need you to create flames and then go attack that tree over there.&quot; At this time, Miranda picked out a spell book with this red pattern from among the dozens of spell books on the ground.
&quot;Creating flames?&quot;
Some doubt appeared on my face, but I didn't hesitate and instead turned my gaze toward, the tree she pointed to in the distance.
Flame-making spell was one of the spells I knew required a spell, but the recitation of the spell took more than three seconds, and the flame was not powerful, so I did not use it in battle.
Recalling the spell, I whispered and began to recite its incantation silently, and three seconds later, my syllables suddenly rose a bit, and then a ball of fire less than a foot in the air suddenly appeared!
&quot;Go!&quot;
With the fireball rushing towards the tree in the distance, red fire flashed in front of my pupils, but the fireball didn't hit the tree, it just landed on the ground next to the tree and continued to burn for two seconds, and then disappeared into the air.
&quot;Claudia, good use, next I'll show you a higher fireball spell.&quot;
Miranda said while standing in front of me, then I suddenly felt as if her purple pupils flashed out, then a series of fast and incomprehensible incantations came to my ears.
Time did not exceed me three seconds, the next moment I felt my world had been engulfed in red light.
The flames in mid-air climbed towards the sky in a flash, a huge ball of fire over five feet, instantly rushing towards the tree in front of me.
Then a mere two seconds passed, and I saw that the tree was rapidly surrounded by flames, then became so black that its original shape could no longer be seen.
&quot;What a powerful force, is this really a fireball spell?&quot;
I stared my eyes wide, the tree already looked almost burnt to a crisp, and I was afraid that all it would take was a gust of wind blowing over and the tree would completely fall to the ground.
With such a powerful force, if a werewolf was hit by such a fireball, I was afraid that it would definitely not be much better than this tree.
&quot;Claudia, this is the power of higher witchcraft, higher witchcraft uses out of the fireball spell also can not be called fireball spell, called flame star, this is not just a witch can use out.&quot; I heard Miranda's tone become a little more serious at this time.
&quot;But if you can inspire the power of those eyes of yours, you are afraid to be even more powerful than what I have shown.&quot;
As I listened to her voice and looked at the dark tree, the anticipation in my heart burned like the flames I had just seen.
Was this the power of higher witchcraft? As long as I could learn such witchcraft, even if I didn't have to transform into a wolf, I still had great power.
Miranda seemed to be satisfied with my current expression as she picked up those spell books on the ground in turn.
&quot;The eleven spell books here contain eleven types of higher witchcraft, it's up to you how much you can learn.&quot;
I walked into the Pack House while talking to her, and she started to introduce me to the higher witchcraft, and the light inside my eyes shone more brightly with each new content I heard.
Next I would learn these higher witchcraft, and I would become a powerful witch in the true sense of the word.

###chapter 75
  Claudia's POV.
&quot;High witchcraft is actually this profound.&quot;
Today was my first day of learning higher witchcraft, and on the practice square, as I simply flipped through each of the witchcraft books that contained higher witchcraft, my eyes were almost completely captivated by the contents inside.
These eleven witchcraft books contained eleven types of witchcraft such as fire witchcraft, plant witchcraft, water witchcraft, space witchcraft, etc. These witchcraft books recorded the usage of witchcraft and spells, but did not record the effects of using these witchcraft, but this instead made me look forward to it even more.
&quot;As long as I can learn these spells, I will be able to show the power of higher witchcraft.&quot;
I was looking forward to it in my heart, but after reading for just a while, my brow furrowed as I realized that the complexity of these spells was far from the ones I had learned in the past.
Most ordinary witchcraft require some spell formation or a simple incantation, but most of these high witchcraft require a very complex incantation or a combination of incantation and spell formation.
For the Flame Star that Miranda cast, the length of the incantation was almost three times longer than a normal fireball spell. And the complexity of each syllable was far more than that of an ordinary fireball spell.
&quot;Nicole, can you read these incantations?&quot; I had some curiosity to ask my wolf, but all I heard was a dull tone.
&quot;I'm not interested in these spells, and I can't read them.&quot; After saying that Nicole returned to my mind, she seemed bored with the spells.
I knew she didn't like the witch stuff much, but now that it was the only way I could get stronger, I had no other choice but to try to comfort Nicole while I rested.
&quot;Now let me try the power of high witchcraft.&quot;
I looked at the first page of the high witchcraft book, which contained the second level of fireball spell. The power of this fireball spell was not as powerful as the flaming star cast by Miranda, but it was still much stronger than an ordinary fireball spell.
I silently memorized the incantation in my mind, looking at the empty space where there was nothing, and at this moment I concentrated my mind and then recited the incantation as fast as I could, but what I didn't expect was that only a few sparks appeared in the air, and then nothing happened.
Did it fail on the first try?
My heart seemed to be filled with stones.
Would I really be able to finish learning these eleven books of higher witchcraft? I had some doubts in my heart.
It seemed that my expression was noticed by Miranda, and I heard her voice at this time.
&quot;Claudia, a few of your syllables were recited incorrectly, one place was even mispronounced, and you also had some problems with the use of your own energy.&quot;
Miranda's gentle voice came from next to me, she was obviously instructing me on the mistakes in the spell, but her voice made me feel like I was soaking in warm water, which made me take my learning of the spell more seriously.
My spell became more proficient under her guidance, and I was immersed in the world of witchcraft until the sky grew dim and I realized that the grass in front of me had been burned to a dim yellow by my flames.
The second level of fireball magic I was almost mastered, joy just appeared in my heart, but in the next moment it was cold again.
This was only a second level fireball spell, the witchcraft behind it was far more complicated.
According to my current speed, I didn't know how long it would take to learn just this one flame witchcraft book, and I hardly dared to imagine the other witchcraft books.
&quot;Claudia, I can feel your mood, but don't be impatient, I gave you these witchcraft books not to let you learn all of them.&quot; Miranda smiled and pointed to the eleven witchcraft books.
&quot;In fact, many witches only need to be proficient in a certain kind of witchcraft, and she can already be called a powerful witch, like the ten most powerful witches in our coven, who are famous for being proficient in ten different kinds of witchcraft.&quot; After saying that, I suddenly saw a clear stream of water appear in the palm of Miranda's hand.
&quot;I am proficient in flame witchcraft, and although I know other witchcraft, none of them have reached the level of flame witchcraft. You only need to look for the witchcraft that best suits you and that you are most suitable for using in your future studies, and then you can study this witchcraft seriously.&quot;
&quot;The most suitable witchcraft?&quot;
&quot;Yes, the spell of each different witchcraft, the way it is pronounced is different, for example, the high flame, the gentle plant, the difference between them can be very big, so the witchcraft that suits you is very important.&quot;
Miranda slowly stated in my ear, she was like an elder who knew everything to instill what she knew, patiently into my mind, and I understood more about witchcraft.
There were three classes of witchcraft, ordinary witchcraft, high witchcraft and super witchcraft. The legendary super witchcraft had unimaginable power, but this kind of witchcraft was very rare, and those who had it would not let it spread to the outside world, so the average witchcraft book could only record high witchcraft at most.
But even if it's higher witchcraft, it's still witchcraft that only powerful witches could master.
&quot;It seems that you have finished your study for today.&quot;
Just as I was pondering, I suddenly heard a voice from afar.
The voice, which seemed to be recalled inside my soul, instantly made all the fatigue I had felt throughout the day disappear.
It was Isaac!
I quickly turned my head and I saw the tall body that was walking in from outside the training ground.
Isaac's body was still wearing a well-fitting combat uniform, and his clothes were covered with a lot of dust, looking like he had just gone through training, but the dust did nothing to hide his charm, which made me jump into his arms uncontrollably and quickly.
&quot;Claudia, I'm sweating a lot right now, I'll get you dirty too.&quot;
&quot;It doesn't matter; I will take a shower later.&quot;
I rubbed my hair hard against his chest. Although he was the first to be by my side after each day's work, it was hard to feel the miss of him burning in my heart like a fire after just half a day's absence.
Just then, I saw some smiles on Miranda's face.
&quot;So it's Isaac back, then I'll leave you guys alone, Claudia, you go back and get some rest, tomorrow's training won't be any easier than today.&quot;
I looked at her eyes as if she knew everything, some heat appeared on my cheeks, but the next moment I didn't think much more about it.
She was the teacher who brought me up the path of a witch, my sister, and she couldn't possibly have any thoughts against me.
Just as I thought of this, I suddenly felt the soles of my feet stepping into the air, and my world spinning with it, the enchanting scent almost filling my chest.
I gave a startled cry at that moment. &quot;Isaac what are you doing?&quot;
&quot; Of course I'm carrying you back to packhouse, you've been training all day and I can't afford to overwhelm you and our child.&quot;
Speaking of which, I saw the corners of his mouth curl up in a curve. &quot;And didn't you just say that you don't mind the dust on me?&quot;
Hearing his words, my breathing became a little sharper, and then I buried my cheek tightly inside his chest, an action that perfectly blocked my expression.
The light of the setting sun shone from ahead on our way back to packhouse, and I slept in his arms as my mind began to recall what I had learned today.
How much I wanted to help Isaac, but at the rate I was learning, would I really be able to become a powerful witch?
Miranda wouldn't lie to me, a witch with my pupils had great potential, but at this rate of learning, I couldn't imagine how I would be able to have the power to help a kingdom win a war.
Where exactly was the power of these pupils hidden?

###chapter 76
  Claudia's POV.
A month passed quickly, and under Miranda's tutelage, I followed the eleven books of higher witchcraft.
During this time, I also found the most suitable witchcraft for me, natural witchcraft, but the doubts in my mind were getting heavier and heavier.
I used almost all my strength to learn this book of natural witchcraft, but I spent a month to learn only one tenth of it.
If I were to finish learning all the higher witchcraft in the book of natural witchcraft, I could hardly imagine how much time I would have to spend, because the further I got into this book, the more powerful and complex the higher witchcraft recorded.
Moreover, according to Miranda, the eleven books of witchcraft that she possessed were only the ones that she had, and all of the higher natural witchcraft was far more than what was written in the book that she brought with her, there were more witchcraft written in other witchcraft books, and to become a powerful natural witch, just learning this book was not enough.
&quot;Is it true that this kind of study has no way to stimulate the power of my bloodline?&quot; Standing on the training ground in the early morning, I looked at the tree that was blackened by Miranda's flame and fell into distress.
I was now completely sure that no matter how much I studied witchcraft, even if I learned all the higher witchcraft of natural witchcraft, there was no way for me to gain the power to help a kingdom win a war.
I looked at the green book of higher witchcraft and began to ponder. I did have a little more ability to defend myself now compared to before, but this strength was still far from being able to help Isaac.
&quot;What exactly do I have to do to stimulate the power of my eyes?&quot; My distress became more and more serious.
The early morning sunlight shone on my body, and I sat helplessly on the empty ground.
Miranda was not in the pack right now, because an important witchcraft book had been stolen from the coven, so she had to go back and meet with the other witches in the coven, and Isaac was also training for the army, but I didn't really want to continue practicing witchcraft today.
I wanted power, I wanted to protect my children, I wanted to stand with Isaac on the same level.
I pondered bitterly, but I couldn't figure out what I was going to do to bring out the power in my eyes.
Time passed slowly, the sun gradually baked my body, but I gradually became desperate, because even Miranda, who had a wealth of knowledge, was not sure how to stimulate the power of my eyes.
I was thinking here; could I really figure it out?
The feeling of powerlessness seemed like a pair of struggling hands were grabbing my heels.
But just at that moment, I heard a voice inside my head.
&quot;Claudia, I feel your desire, after all this time, I have also figured out that there is no right or wrong power, as long as it is used in the right way, what kind of power is worth having.&quot;
Nicole's voice paused here for a moment, and then she increased her tone.
&quot;Claudia, I think you are caught in the swamp of thought, maybe we should think a little simpler, the eyes and you can change into a wolf, is the same as the power passed down inside our blood, want to activate this power, maybe we should not think about that some complicated things, maybe just rely on our own power can bring it out. &quot;
&quot;By our own power?&quot;
Listening to Miranda's voice, I suddenly felt as if a bright path had appeared inside my head.
&quot;Yes, it is our own power, the power has always been inside me, I should believe in myself, believe that I can also have great power.&quot;
My eyes became firm in this moment, then I closed my eyes and felt the blood flowing inside my body.
Thinking back carefully, when my bloodline was initially stimulated, the first ability I gained was the ability to see through other people's minds, then slowly developed to have the ability to influence other people's minds, perhaps my power was hidden within this ability.
&quot;The power of the mind ......&quot;
I silently recited these words, and suddenly, it seemed like a thunderbolt flashed inside my head, and then my eyes snapped open.
&quot;I understand, my power must be hidden inside this ability to influence the mind, maybe believe in miracles, miracles will become us itself!&quot;
I instantly opened the witchcraft book that recorded natural witchcraft at this time, and on the first page was recorded an offensive vine manipulation witchcraft, and its incantation was the simplest.
Unleash your power, my heart, my blood!
I mumbled in my mind, then quickly let the witchcraft I was able to affect the mind run through my mind, allowing this power to combine with the incantation in the book.
I tried to recite the spell of vine manipulation witchcraft in my inner mind through the power of psychic witchcraft.
At that very moment a miracle happened, I could feel the complex incantation rapidly running through my mind, and when I recited it using my mind witchcraft, the incantation was recited in my mind almost too fast for me to imagine!
In less than a second, a green vine grew rapidly in the ground in front of me.
In the golden sunlight, the bright green vine looked full of life, and in this open ground, next to the burnt tree, this vine was as beautiful as a miracle.
So fast, was this the true power contained in my bloodline?
I opened my eyes wide in disbelief.
Although I had learned the vine manipulation witchcraft, if I recited it with my voice, it would take me at least three seconds or even longer, but when I used my mind, it barely took me even a second.
Such power was really too scary, and I felt my body tremble.
According to the general knowledge of witches, the greatest weakness of witches was that it took time to use witchcraft, and the more powerful the witchcraft, the longer it took, but if I used the power of the mind to initiate witchcraft, it almost completely eliminated this weakness of witches.
It's hard to imagine how powerful a witch who could start a witchcraft in an instant would be.
I could expect that when I fought with other witches, I would have attacked while the other witches were still chanting their spells, which was unthinkable for other witches.
I quickly flipped through the pages of my natural witchcraft book and soon I saw a new witchcraft that I had not yet learned.
This witchcraft was a rather complicated one, and I would have needed some time to recite the incantation correctly, but instead I started trying to use the power of my mind directly this time.
&quot;What will be the surprise this time?&quot; I felt my heart in anticipation, but in the very next moment, my eyes widened once again.
My ability wasn't just as simple as being able to unleash witchcraft quickly, it was even more powerful and terrifying than I had imagined!

###chapter 77
  Claudia's POV.
  &quot;I finally understand Miranda's words.&quot;
  I looked at the wall made of vines in front of me and fell into a lasting shock.
  This witchcraft I hadn't even learned before, but when I used my mind ability to recite it, I actually succeeded in launching it just once, and it took just under two seconds to recite the spell!
  My ability not only could speed up the use of witchcraft, but could also strengthen my ability to learn witchcraft, so this was the true power of my bloodline.
  It turned out that it had been hidden in my body all along. I didn't discover it until today.
  The excitement almost filled my body at this time, and there was no way I could continue to wait here and quickly used some of those attack witchcraft that I had learned from my memory.
  Fireball, vine winding, vine barriers, poisonous flowers, lightning, just a little while, the entire training ground was covered by a variety of witchcraft, countless colors and light flashed in front of my eyes.
  These spells that I would normally take several seconds to be able to use, were now able to be activated in just a split second.
  &quot;Is this what power feels like?&quot;
  I looked at my hands in disbelief, and I discovered the power of my eyes once again at this time.
  When I was using the power of my mind to activate witchcraft, I could vaguely feel that my soul and mind were slowly improving, and this improvement would make me more energetic, which meant that I would be able to use witchcraft more often.
  &quot;And about defensive witchcraft.&quot;
  I looked at the open space in front of me at this time, and the next moment, along with a short incantation running inside my mind, my world created a change.
  In just a moment's work, I disappeared from my spot and proceeded to a place ten feet in front of me.
  This was the witch's higher spatial witchcraft, and a witchcraft I had learned to prevent me from being attacked by my enemies.
  By using this witchcraft while I was under their control, I would break away from the enemy's control and quickly teleport within ten feet of where I could see.
  The incantation for this teleportation witchcraft was relatively short, but it had taken me two seconds to recite it in the past, and if I could actually achieve instantaneous activation continuously, I could hardly imagine any enemy being able to control me!
  The weakness of being a witch had almost completely disappeared from my body.
  &quot;Great ......&quot; I felt some liquid slowly filling up from inside my eyes, I had become so strong now that if I continued to learn some more of those higher witchcraft, I could barely imagine how strong I would be, maybe in the future I really could have the terrifying power to help a kingdom win a war.
  &quot;Now I can really help Isaac.&quot;
  I became firm inside at this time, the old me was always protected by Isaac, now I also had the opportunity that I could protect Isaac, I could use this power to guard my pack and guard the love between Isaac and me.
  &quot;Nicole, really thank you for the reminder, you made me find the use of my real power, otherwise I didn't think I would comprehend the power of my bloodline so quickly.&quot;
  &quot;It's your own talent.&quot; Nicole also seemed a little shocked by my ability, but soon I could sense a little loss within her emotions.
  &quot;Claudia, I have a feeling that you will become a very powerful witch.&quot; Her voice paused for a moment here.
  &quot;On the contrary, I may become less helpful to you, and you may not need my power as much.&quot;
  Listening to Nicole's voice, I quickly understood the reason for her loss.
  Yes, if I became strong by the witch's power, maybe I wouldn't need the power to transform into a wolf so much anymore, but Nicole was my wolf after all, my other self that had accompanied me until now.
  &quot;Nicole, maybe this power isn't as strong as one of us either, the witch's close-combat ability has always been a weakness, and I still think you can still be of very great help to me.&quot;
  &quot;Claudia, you don't have to comfort me, I know that.&quot;
  I felt Nicole's voice become more downcast, and then her voice disappeared inside my head.
  I was silent at this time, although I gained great power, but I have no way to fight with my wolf together?
  I felt a little sad, but the power of my witch was indeed something I could not give up.
  I had to protect my child with Isaac by being strong enough to provide Isaac with my power.
  I sighed at this time, since I did not know what to do now, then with let it change, perhaps Nicole's power was indispensable to me.
  I closed my eyes at this time and inhaled a breath of air, the slight heat inside my nasal cavity made me lift my head.
  I didn't know when it was now noon, the sun was at its peak and the hottest time.
  I did not have a clear perception of the power of my strength now, maybe I should go to the army training ground and test my real strength.
  The distance between the army's training ground and this place was a little far, but there was no way to extinguish the flame of excitement in my heart.
  I walked quickly along the Crimson Shadow Pack road towards the army's training ground until the sound that almost shot up into the sky rushed to my ears.
  It was the sound of a squad in training. I looked across a few hundred feet to the training ground of the warriors, where there were strong wolves, who were following Isaac's orders to carry out various training.
  I really didn't know how Isaac would look when he saw my current strength.
  I thought excitedly, although I used to come to the training ground to visit Isaac, but never once as excited as today.
  I continued to approach the training ground, and soon some warriors in training spotted me.
  &quot;Luna Claudia, did you come to visit Alpha Isaac today too?&quot;
  &quot;Strange, why is Luna Claudia here so early today, she used to come at the end of training.&quot;
  The warriors' puzzled voices reached my ears, but some of them also started greeting me.
  &quot;Where's Isaac?&quot; I looked at the warriors inquiringly. &quot;Isaac is in the innermost command room, he's working on a new training plan.&quot; The warrior answered me seriously. &quot;That is, he is working?&quot; I had some hesitation at this point, as much as I wanted him to see my current power, I didn't want to disturb him, maybe it would be good to get some warriors to test my current power. Thinking about it I looked to the other warriors in training. &quot;I'm going to use the witch's powers to challenge you now. Let's get ten of you together to attack me at the same time.&quot; I looked confidently at some of those warriors, but their expressions went as if they didn't believe what I was saying. &quot;Ten people?&quot; All the warriors looked full of surprise, and they didn't follow my orders. &quot;Luna Claudia, aren't you pregnant? You can't transform into a wolf now, so how can you possibly challenge ten warriors?&quot; These warriors seemed to think I was joking, and no one performed any other actions. &quot;I'm serious, and even if all ten of you are together, you are not my opponent.&quot; &quot;Impossible!&quot; Someone in the crowd once again let out a shocked cry, and a strong man who looked much taller than the other warriors stepped forward. &quot;Claudia, even if you're the Luna of our wolf pack, then you can't joke about the dignity of our warriors, there's no way for you, a pregnant werewolf, to take on ten warriors at the same time!&quot; His face didn't look too good, and his voice turned firm. &quot;You're insulting the strength of us, we're
  I looked at the warriors inquiringly.
  &quot;Isaac is in the innermost command room, he's working on a new training plan.&quot; The warrior answered me seriously.
  &quot;That is, he is working?&quot;
  I had some hesitation at this point, as much as I wanted him to see my current power, I didn't want to disturb him, maybe it would be good to get some warriors to test my current power.
  Thinking about it I looked to the other warriors in training. &quot;I'm going to use the witch's powers to challenge you now. Let's get ten of you together to attack me at the same time.&quot;
  I looked confidently at some of those warriors, but their expressions went as if they didn't believe what I was saying.
  &quot;Ten people?&quot;
  All the warriors looked full of surprise, and they didn't follow my orders.
  &quot;Luna Claudia, aren't you pregnant? You can't transform into a wolf now, so how can you possibly challenge ten warriors?&quot;
  These warriors seemed to think I was joking, and no one performed any other actions.
  &quot;I'm serious, and even if all ten of you are together, you are not my opponent.&quot;
  &quot;Impossible!&quot;
  Someone in the crowd once again let out a shocked cry, and a strong man who looked much taller than the other warriors stepped forward.
  &quot;Claudia, even if you're the Luna of our wolf pack, then you can't joke about the dignity of our warriors, there's no way for you, a pregnant werewolf, to take on ten warriors at the same time!&quot; His face didn't look too good, and his voice turned firm.
&quot;You're insulting the strength of us, we're professionally trained werewolves.&quot;

###chapter 78
  Claudia's POV.
  &quot;Reyn, I'm not insulting your warrior, I'm just stating a fact.&quot; Reyn was the leader of the third team.
  I made my expression calm, but in reality my heart was already trembling with excitement and I was eager to try my current power.
  &quot;Luna Claudia, maybe you are exhausted, you'd better go back and rest.&quot;
  Reyn seemed to think I was joking as he waved his hand and looked to the other two warriors next to him.
  &quot;You two take Luna Claudia back, this is an army training ground, a pregnant female werewolf is very easy to get hurt.&quot;
  &quot;Yes, sir!&quot;
  I watched the two werewolves approaching towards me, I sighed helplessly, since no one believed me if I issued a formal challenge, I had no choice but to show my current ability.
  &quot;Vine Entanglement.&quot;
  In just a moment's time, the ground beneath the two warriors' feet suddenly squirmed, and the next moment two arm-thick green vines wrapped around the warriors' feet.
  &quot;It's witchcraft! Why would a witch's witchcraft unleash so quickly!&quot;
  Reyn's eyes were full of surprise, and my voice became more serious at this time. &quot;I'm not joking with you guys, let me test the results of your training.&quot;
  Hearing my voice, all the warriors were silent, as for the two wolves whose feet were entangled were struggling hard, but no matter how hard they tried, there was no way to break their feet free from the vine's entanglement.
  &quot;It's useless, I'm using higher witchcraft, there's no way for ordinary werewolves to break free.&quot;
  &quot;Luna Claudia, I see your point, but isn't ten a bit too many, you're still pregnant.&quot; Reyn seemed to change his attitude at this point.
  &quot;Don't worry, it's because I'm pregnant that I'm only challenging ten people, otherwise my answer would have been twenty.&quot;
  Hearing my words, the entire training ground instantly fell silent. I could even hear, in the distance, the subtle rumble of the wind blowing the corners of the warriors' clothes.
  The silence lasted only two seconds, and the next thing I heard was Reyn's angry voice.
  &quot;Luna Claudia, even if you are our Luna, you underestimate our warriors too much, even if you are one of the ten strongest witches in the coven, facing twenty of our trained warriors will not be as easy as you say!&quot;
  After saying that he looked around at the warriors.
  &quot;Let Luna Claudia see how strong you are, but remember not to hurt her.&quot;
  After saying that, I saw those warriors nodded to each other, and then formed a circle and started to surround me.
  &quot;Finally getting serious?&quot;
  As I watched their movements, my desire to fight became even more fervent.
  Although my words made Reyn a little angry, I had achieved my goal.
  &quot;Come on, let's see if you warriors can break free from my vines.&quot;
  After I said that I started to use my mind's ability, at the same time I heard his voice.
  &quot;Everyone be careful of the ground vibrations, don't get caught up in her vines!&quot;
  My vine was an instant launch, was it really that easy to dodge?
  The corner of my mouth showed a smile, the next moment the ground near me began to shake slightly at the same time.
  &quot;Get out of the way, we dodge while approaching Luna Claudia, as long as she is under control victory is ours!&quot;
  The warriors shouted, while keeping their attention on their feet.
  Whenever the ground began to shake, these warriors began to quickly dodge toward the side, if the previous vine entanglement was very difficult to attack successfully.
  &quot;Good dodge, but unfortunately I'm not using a relatively simple witchcraft like vine entanglement this time.&quot;
  I suddenly accelerated the operation of my mind power at this time, and then those vines that appeared on the ground began to quickly twist together and gradually formed a certain shape.
  This was the second type of wood witchcraft I learned, and it was called Guardian of the Forest.
  In less than two seconds, these vines quickly formed a specific shape, these shapes have arms and feet look no different from a person.
  &quot;Not good, these vines turned into monsters can attack us!&quot;
  Among the panicked shouts, these vine people I summoned quickly rushed towards these warriors, and they looked like, the touch of flame and gunpowder quickly occurred in a fierce battle.
  &quot;How can some people made of vines compare with real warriors, I'll let you taste our power!&quot;
  These warriors also got serious at this time, they transformed into wolves in a flash and these vine people tore together, but soon the shock was revealed in the eyes of these warriors.
  Because even if they used their teeth to tear the flesh of these vine people, but their flesh would recover in an instant, this recovery ability was almost ten times stronger than the werewolves.
  &quot;These monsters can't be killed at all, don't get tangled up in them!&quot; Panicked voices mingled as they tried to break away from these vine men, but these vines were deadly entangled with them.
  &quot;Luna Claudia, I didn't expect that your witchcraft has become so powerful.&quot; Just at this time, I heard Reyn's voice.
  His voice had lost its anger at this time, and instead took on some respect.
  &quot;Fighters, stop struggling, you ten fighters are not a match for Luna Claudia.&quot;
  After saying that he looked at me with a serious gaze. &quot;I know that a handful of warriors are no longer your match, so now I make a request to you.&quot;
  &quot;What kind of request?&quot; I looked at him in confusion.
  &quot;Let me be your opponent, but don't underestimate me, as the leader of a squad, my strength is not something these warriors can compare to.&quot;
  Hearing his words, my eyebrows were raised, I was intrigued because I was also curious to know how much stronger my current witchcraft ability would be than this captain.
  &quot;No problem, let the surrounding warriors disperse.&quot;
  After saying that I lifted the witchcraft of the Guardian of the Forest, then in less than two seconds, those vine people who were entangled with the warriors quickly turned into an ordinary vine and shrunk back into the dirt.
  Those warriors were relieved.
  &quot;Luna Claudia actually has such a powerful witchcraft ability, I've never heard of a witch who can release witchcraft instantly, a normal witch can take some time to recite an incantation to release witchcraft.&quot;
  &quot;Luna Claudia is really too powerful, ten of us are like children in front of her.&quot;
  Amidst the exclamations of these warriors, they retreated to the very edge of their seats, where they were able to get a good view of my contest with Reyn.
  &quot;Can we start now, Luna Claudia.&quot;
  Reyn showed a confident smile at this time, &quot;Let me warn you first, these ordinary vines will have no effect on me, my power can tear them apart like weeds.&quot;

###chapter 79
  Claudia's POV.
  &quot;Of course, I'm ready for you to attack at any time.&quot; My face with a confident smile, but the muscles of my body tensed up at this time, and my vigilance was quickly amplified.
  The captain and ordinary warriors were completely different, as the leader of the squad, he was far more qualified than these soldiers, both in terms of combat ability and combat experience.
  They were also the existence that was almost the closest to the Alpha in a wolf pack.
  Although I now had strong witchcraft abilities, I would have to use my full strength to deal with him.
  &quot;Claudia be careful, I can feel the dangerous aura on this man, if you are close to his body, you will definitely be controlled by him in a flash!&quot;
  Nicole's voice rang out in my heart, and her voice made me even more alert.
  &quot;Understood, I will definitely not let him get close to my body.&quot;
  I replied to Nicole inside my mind while watching the movements of the third squad leader Reyn with my pupils.
  Reyn at this time has completely transformed into a wolf, after transforming into a wolf, his body was much stronger than those warriors, just the arms were almost twice as thick, looked like a ferocious monster.
  Reyn and I looked at each other at this time, and I was surprised to find that Reyn was actually not thinking about anything inside at this time.
  He was different from other warriors, his heart was only fighting, it was pure battle consciousness.
  We seriously look at each other's body every action, the whole training ground also at this time quiet, the warriors seemed to be afraid to make a sound to disturb such a tense atmosphere.
  Suddenly a gust of wind blew in the distance, and when a leaf was blown down to the ground, I felt Reyn's sharp claws produce a slight movement.
  He's on the move!
  This thought flashed through my mind, and at the same time the spell that had been prepared in my mind was activated.
  Witchcraft of Wood - Guardian of the Forest.
  Along with the monster formed by vines appearing on the ground, he also quickly weaved through the ground.
  I felt that his speed was far faster than those warriors, and the individual vine monsters were not able to stop him, so I manipulated ten vine monsters through my mind to rush towards him, but I saw a smile on the corner of Reyn's mouth at this time.
  &quot;No good, the vine people have no effect on him at all!&quot;
  The moment this thought rose in my mind, I saw that in a flash three vine people were torn in half by his sharp claws.
  Reyn's power was too strong, these vine people were completely as fragile as paper, even if their recovery speed was fast, there was no way to stop Reyn.
  As expected of the third squad leader, it seemed I only had to use the highest level of wood witchcraft I had mastered so far.
  My face became more serious at this time, while the incantation ran as fast as a rainstorm in my mind.
  Wood sorcery, twisting trees.
  Just as he was rapidly approaching me, the sound of the ground shaking became even louder, while under his feet, in a flash, a huge tree grew.
  The growth speed of this tree was far from those vines could compare, and when Reyn tried to dodge it, his body was taken up into the sky by the growing tree.
  Reyn's pupils seemed to have some surprise, but he still did not panic, in the air he used his body to make a flip, the next moment sharp claws tightly grasped the bark of the tree, in those branches of the tree was about to entangle him in the moment, he jumped from the air to me.
  &quot;Reyn, I won't let you near me.&quot;
  The sound of dangerous wind blew my hair up as his massive body zoomed in front of me, but the incantation in my mind was already recited and completed.
  High Spatial Sorcery - Rapid Teleportation.
  Just as he was only a few feet away from me, the world in front of me shifted, and then I appeared ten feet behind him.
  &quot;What a terrifying battle, Luna Claudia was actually able to instantly unleash such a spatial witchcraft, even Reyn, he probably had no way to get close to her!&quot;
  &quot;Who will actually win this battle?&quot;
  &quot;I think it's still the third squad leader, he's very experienced in battle, although Luna Claudia's witchcraft is powerful, but there are also breakdowns.&quot;
  &quot;No, I think it's Luna Claudia, as long as her rapid teleportation witchcraft can be launched accurately and continuously, our third squad leader will have a hard time getting close to her!&quot;
  Different voices came from the warriors' conversations, but I didn't have the time to think about their conversations right now, because Reyn once again turned his body around and charged towards me.
  Wooden Witchcraft - Twisting Trees, activated continuously.
  My expression became more serious at this time, and my mind witchcraft worked almost completely, so that I did not think about other thoughts at all, and the next huge tree once again took him up into the sky from under his feet.
  Reyn hissed again at this time and he began to jump through the rough bark of the tree, but every time his feet touched the ground, I unleashed a twisting tree to take him up into the sky.
  Such movements were very physically and energetic demanding, and after just a few times, I could already feel Reyn panting violently.
  Just a few more times, I would be able to completely consume his strength, and victory would ultimately be on my side!
  A smile appeared on my face as I continued to speed up my witchcraft, but at that moment, a headache appeared in my head, which slowed down my witchcraft initiation speed.
  My energy was depleted too much!
  I clenched my teeth at this time, it seemed that this battle was a comparison of endurance, a competition between my energy and Reyn's stamina to see who would consume to the limit first.
  Just as I was enduring the pain to continue the witchcraft, I sensed that Reyn's speed had increased in a flash!
  No good, he exploded the rest of his power!
  I saw his body rapidly approaching me in the air, such a speed that I could hardly stop him with my energy exhausted.
  Was I going to lose to him?
  I looked at his fast approaching figure in the air, but suddenly he shook his head.
  He had reached his limit! Now was my chance!
  At this time, the speed of my mind's operation almost reached my current limit, while the world in front of me changed.
  High Spatial Sorcery - Rapid Teleportation.
  In just an instant, in the air currents high in the sky, I appeared behind Reyn.
  &quot;My teleportation witchcraft is not only able to teleport on the ground!&quot;
  I revealed a smile with all my strength at this time, while a second witchcraft was running in my mind. At this time, I sensed Reyn's panic.
  &quot;Not only spatial witchcraft, but wood witchcraft is likewise not just able to be activated only on the ground!&quot;
  I clenched my teeth at this time, while placing my palms in the sky.
  Wood Witchcraft - Giant Vine.
  The moment I ran out of energy, a witchcraft formation with flickering light formed in the air, while a huge vine that far surpassed ordinary vines rushed out from the witchcraft formation.
  &quot;Reyn, you have lost.&quot;

###chapter 80
  Isaac's POV.
  &quot;Lux, is it true what you said, that Blood Moon Pack destroyed another pack and then has declared war on White Claw Pack?&quot;
  &quot;Of course it's true, Blood Moon Pack keeps on waging war and has some oddly powerful strength.&quot; Lux's voice became gruff.
  &quot;Under my investigation for such a long time, I found out that the reason is that their Alpha, Alpha Jack's strength far exceeds the other werewolves, and there is also an evil wizard in Blood Moon Pack who uses dark witchcraft!&quot;
  Hearing Lux's words, my brow furrowed tightly.
  White Claw Pack was our Crimson Shadow Pack ally, Toby was also Claudia's friend, I couldn't help them, it seemed I had to speed up the preparation for the war.
  I flashed determination and bloodlust inside my eyes at this time.
  No matter who it was, anyone who was a threat to my pack and to Claudia, I would completely solve it!
  Just as I thought of this, I heard a noise coming from outside the command hall.
  &quot;Is something happening outside?&quot;
  I stood up curiously.
  &quot;Maybe it's a duel between our warriors.&quot;
  Lux didn't seem very interested, but I could feel my heart beating a little faster, and I couldn't ignore such a feeling, so I quickly walked out of the command hall.
  The voices seemed to be focused on the northern part of the training ground, and they seemed to be watching something, and I looked to a soldier who was walking next to me at this time.
  &quot;Do you know what's going on there?&quot;
  This warrior immediately became respectful upon seeing me. &quot;Alpha Isaac, that was a duel between Luna Claudia and the third squad leader, Reyn, but the winner should have been decided by now, and the third squad leader was defeated by Luna Claudia.&quot;
  &quot;The third squad leader was defeated by Claudia?&quot;
  I could hardly believe my ears when I heard this warrior's words.
  &quot;Say that again, are you sure you're right?&quot;
  &quot;Of course it's right, Luna Claudia is very strong, the third squad leader fought with her for a long time, but in the end, he lost.&quot;
  Listening to this warrior's words, I was also very surprised, but soon I suddenly laughed.
  Claudia was pregnant, even if she had learned some witchcraft, it was impossible to defeat the third squad leader, which must be because the third squad leader did not use his real strength.
  Claudia, after all, was Crimson Shadow Pack's Luna, and now that she was still pregnant, no one dared to hurt her.
  Thinking of this I quickly walked towards the north.
  Even if it's because the third squad leader didn't go all out. Claudia should have become much stronger after learning witchcraft for so long, which made me feel happy.
  No one would be unhappy because their lover became better.
  Perhaps it was because I was eager to see Claudia. Soon, I had arrived at the northern part of the training ground, and the figure that I had missed had appeared in my sight.
  She seemed to be in good condition, and her bright and beautiful green eyes already made me feel fascinated from a distance.
  I couldn't hold back and came to her side and then took her in my arms.
  &quot;You're really good Claudia, I heard that you defeated the captain of the third squad.&quot;
  I stroked her soft hair, she looked exhausted, which made me feel some heartache, I gently asked her a few questions, and then I carried her towards the villa location.
  But before I got to the villa, I found that she had fallen asleep.
  I looked at her sleeping face, I was a little worried.
  She was already more than three months pregnant, and she was forbidden to engage in such battles in the future. After she woke up, I had to seriously talk to her about this matter.
  Thinking of this my movements became faster, I put her on the bed of the villa then I lay beside her.
  I gently held her in my arms and stroked her belly with my hand, which had a little amplitude, and there was our child inside.
  I really didn't know what this child would be like in the future.
  When I thought of this, the werewolves in White Pack who wanted to hurt Claudia reappeared in my mind.
  &quot;Blood Moon Pack!&quot;
  This pack was likely going to be more powerful than I thought, but I would never let them hurt Claudia.
  I looked at Claudia's face, my eyes became more determined, and then I had some reluctance to get up from the bed.
  Our war with Blood Moon Pack was getting close, and I had to grab every second now to be ready to absolutely win, and with that thought I left the room.
  Claudia's POV.
  &quot;Claudia, that wizard is a great threat to the coven, I must leave now, there is almost nothing left for me to guide you now, if there is anything you can contact me.&quot;
  After leaving these last words, Miranda left from Crimson Shadow Pack.
  My mind recalled her careful instruction to me, and a feeling of reluctance arose in my heart.
  &quot;Black Witchcraft for wizards ......&quot;
  I didn't know why, but I suddenly remembered the wizard I met at the White Pack, who was also a wizard.
  But I quickly shook my head.
  The wizard at the White Pack used prophetic witchcraft to help so many people, and I didn't detect anything wrong with him, so he shouldn't be an evil black wizard.
  With that in mind, I turned my attention to the many witchcraft books I still had in my hands that I hadn't studied.
  In the time before my child was born, I would use all my energy to learn the witchcraft above.
  I made this decision in my mind and started to execute it.
  The time I spent studying was hardly boring, because the power of my mind made me feel not only relaxed, but also addicted to the feeling of getting stronger.
  In addition to precognition witchcraft, other witchcraft books I also carried out some simple study.
  Isaac was by my side all the time, and although he seemed to be a little busy with the Blood Moon Pack, his concern with all his might made me feel even warmer.
  The seasons were changing with time, and when the beginning of the second year, I could feel the size of my belly getting bigger, and my wolf was getting a little restless.
  I knew that my child would soon be born, and perhaps I should tell Isaac the news so that he could join me in witnessing the birth of our child.
  With this thought, I started to call the servant at the door, but when the servant came to me, I heard some low voice from her. &quot;Alpha Isaac is no longer in Crimson Shadow Pack, because Blood Moon Pack started the war, Blood Moon Pack's Alpha is somehow much stronger, just by their Alpha alone is enough to withstand many of our warriors. &quot;
  I listened to her voice, which almost made me feel incredulous.
  &quot;Are we already at war with Blood Moon Pack?!&quot; My hands began to tremble a little. &quot;Why does Blood Moon Pack keep waging war?&quot;
  During the year, I had been keeping healthy because of the baby in my belly, but I knew something about Blood Moon Pack, but I hadn't been thinking carefully about it.
  But after I heard Blood Moon Pack Alpha strength became stronger, I seemed to remember something.
  &quot;Blood Moon Pack, Blood Moon, is it because ......&quot; My face turned gradually became grave, because I remembered the ancient werewolf bloodline.
  During this year of witchcraft study, I gained more knowledge of witchcraft and more understanding of some ancient records.
  In the records, the bloodline of these ancient werewolves would be activated under the bloody full moon, and their power would be greatly increased. In addition, whenever they killed a werewolf who was also of the ancient werewolf bloodline, their own bloodline would become purer and their own power would become more powerful.
  Not only that, even if the kill was not an ancient werewolf, if the mass slaughter of ordinary werewolves, after the collection of werewolf blood and souls to a certain extent, their strength would also be enhanced to some extent.
  &quot;I understand the reason why Blood Moon Pack keeps waging war!&quot;
  The leader of the pack must have this ancient werewolf bloodline like Isaac, Alpha Jack must want to kill Isaac to gain his power!
  This kind of power could easily make the mind lose control, and I had the ability to control the mind, when Blood Moon Pack wanted to take me away, I was afraid it was because of this reason.
  After I figured out the reason for this, I felt some cold sweat appear on my forehead.
  I have to find a way to tell this Isaac this thing, maybe this can help him.
  My heart was full of worry, but I now have no way to tell Isaac this news, because now my child would soon be born, I have no way to go to the side of Isaac who was at war.
  &quot;What should I do now?&quot;
  Although my current witchcraft ability was far from what I could compare to a few months ago, I looked at my bulging abdomen, and there was no way I could perform prolonged or violent exercise now, because I could hurt my child if I wasn't careful.
  I started to think, but just as I was having these anxious moments, a painful sensation started to come from my abdomen.
  &quot;Could it be that my baby is being born?&quot;
  Surprise appeared in my heart and I immediately looked to the servant who was still standing next to me.
  &quot;You go and call the doctor immediately!&quot;
  Time passed quickly, perhaps because of my health, the process of my delivery was not too difficult, and after the doctors' efforts, I heard the baby's cries.
  My baby was born.

###chapter 81
  Claudia's POV.
  There was some shivering in my body as I saw the doctor wrap a tiny body in a soft towel and place it next to me.
  &quot;Claudia, this is your baby, it's a boy!&quot;
  The doctor seemed to say with some shock, her eyes were drawn to the child.
  &quot;My child ......&quot;
  I looked at him with some surprise on my face. I saw what the child looked like, I couldn't move my eyes for a moment either.
  This was such a beautiful child, in my sight, I saw that the left side of his eye was green pupils, but the right side was golden pupils.
  Although he was strange, he was really so cute.
  I held him tightly in my arms and I stroked him, feeling his milk-like skin.
  This was my child and Isaac's, he had my blood and Isaac's blood in him, and just from his eyes, I could already feel the extraordinary future he would have.
  I lifted my head, then placed the child in swaddling clothes.
  Throughout the months I had been in contact with the wizard, I had asked him to help me prophesy a few times about my health. Now that the baby was born, maybe I could ask him to help prophesy again.
  Thinking about it, I took out a clear crystal ball from a nearby cabinet, which was given to me by the wizard at the White Pack.
  &quot;Luna Claudia, aren't you also a powerful witch, why do you want another wizard to prophesy?&quot; The doctor seemed to have some concern, but I smiled and shook my head.
  &quot;That wizard possesses a magical witchcraft ability, his prophecies are very accurate, and they are also very fast, and he is even able to prophesy to many people in a row. I suspect that he should have a very powerful bloodline, just like mine.&quot; After saying that, I used my hand to start stroking the crystal ball. The spell ran through my mind and after just a second had passed, I saw the crystal ball emit a faint glow.
  &quot;Claudia, did you contact me for something?&quot; Along with the familiar voice, I saw the wizard in the robe.
  He had never told me his name, and although I felt something strange, I did not make an inquiry, which might have his personal reasons.
  &quot;My child has been born, I would like to ask you to perform another prophecy, money is not a problem.&quot;
  &quot;Your child has been born?&quot; I heard some unusual trembling in his voice at this time.
  &quot;Yes, can I ask for your help?&quot;
  I sincerely pleaded with him, but what I didn't expect was that the crystal ball suddenly emitted a bright gray light at this time.
  This gray glow almost made me unable to open my eyes for a short period of time.
  &quot;What's going on?&quot;
  Just as the glow diminished, the next moment I saw that there was a person in robes who had appeared in front of me.
  &quot;Claudia, your child has finally been born, do you know how long I have waited for this day!&quot;
  In his voice, I suddenly felt the ground tremble, and the next moment, a huge palm made of white bones actually emerged from the ground!
  &quot;What's going on? What the hell do you want?&quot;
  I had never seen such a witchcraft before at all, and I only had time to quickly use the Wood Witchcraft - Giant Wood Barrier.
  But when the wall made of trees just appeared, it was quickly torn apart by the white bone palm.
  What a powerful force!
  My face became grave, I knew that this wizard was not joking with me, he wanted to do something!
  I put all of my mind's abilities to work at this time, and just as the palm was about to come to my side, a dazzling green light coalesced in front of me.
  Wooden Witchcraft - Elf's Tree.
  The next moment a tree emitting light appeared in the air out of nowhere in front of the huge palm made of white bones.
  The sound of a collision rang in my ears, and I was relieved to see that the witchcraft I had used had blocked the white bones' attack.
  But before I could make my next move, some black tentacles suddenly emerged from inside my shadow.
  &quot;What is this thing!&quot; The child in my arms was snatched away in the next second.
  &quot;No, let go of my child!&quot;
  I screamed in terror, but the tentacles were so fast that they took my child almost in an instant, and then I saw the tentacles carrying my child to the wizard's side.
  &quot;Claudia, I was going to take you away together, but I didn't expect you to become this strong in your witchcraft ability, even if I use dark witchcraft, there is no way to defeat your.&quot;
  &quot;Dark witchcraft?&quot;
  I felt a lightning bolt flash inside my head, and I remembered at this time the evil wizard that Miranda was talking about.
  &quot;You are the wizard who wants to destroy the coven!&quot;
  My eyes widened in disbelief, perhaps I should have realized it earlier.
  To be able to use powerful prophecy witchcraft that quickly and continuously was not something an ordinary wizard could do, it was the effect of dark witchcraft.
  &quot;Claudia, are you just now realizing this? When I gave you the crystal ball from the very beginning, I had already arranged the witchcraft of teleportation inside the crystal ball and I have hidden it. I can teleport to your side at any time and kidnap you or your child.&quot;
  Speaking of this he laughed, his laugh was hoarse like a glass that was rubbing.
  &quot;Claudia, although today did not kidnap you, but get your child is enough, and finally telling you one more thing, the pack I was in is Blood Moon Pack, when in the White Pack, to kidnap you is also my plan!&quot;
  After saying that I saw a gray light appeared in front of me, and the next moment his body completely disappeared in this space.
  &quot;No, my child!&quot;
  I tried with all my might to stop it, but it was to no avail.
  I looked up at this moment and saw that the servants and the doctor had already fallen to the ground from the horror of this witchcraft.
  They did not play any role in the face of the powerful wizard who was using black witchcraft.
  &quot;My child, my newly born child ......&quot;
  I stood helplessly on the ground, it was in the next moment I heard Nicole's voice.
  &quot;Claudia, you do not have to worry. Now that your child has been born, you can transform into a wolf, and with the use of witchcraft together with me and you, you are stronger than at any previous moment, and we have the ability to save your child and help Isaac defeat Blood Moon Pack!&quot;
  Listening to Nicole's reassurance, determination appeared in my heart.
  Yes, I was stronger than ever before, and even if he was a powerful wizard using black witchcraft, I was able to defeat him with my werewolf and witch powers.
  Now I was no weaker than Isaac, and the road ahead was at my feet, and I would use my current power to destroy Blood Moon Pack, the evil wolf pack.
  Thinking of this, the incantation ran through my mind, and the next moment my body had disappeared into the room, while I saw it. One of the giant wolf, over twenty feet in size and made of wood, was standing beside me.
  This was the more advanced wood sorcery that I had learned - the giant wolf of the forest.
  &quot;Blood Moon Pack, wait, I will make you understand that the true power of witchcraft is not something that can be defeated by your kind of evil means.&quot;
  I used the teleportation array and the heart link between the mate to transport me to Isaac's side. That wizard placed my child in the center of the spell formation at the moment, which gave me a strong sense of unease, and the blood moon pack's alpha used my child as a threat to get Isaac to give up his resistance.
  I instantly transformed into a wolf and saved Isaac from under the Alpha of the blood moon pack. The magic array suddenly emitted a light.
  &quot;No, my power!&quot; The light had an adverse effect on blood moon pack's Alpha, and he screamed and shouted with a distorted face.
  Isaac and I exchanged glances with each other, then I took control of blood moon pack's Alpha's limbs with witchcraft.
  &quot;Jim, help!&quot; the unmovable blood moon pack's Alpha pleaded for help towards the wizard, but the wizard didn't pay attention to him, and Isaac directly bit his neck off.
  &quot;Today you will all become the feed of the spell formation! Today I can finally destroy the entire coven!&quot;
  I let the giant forest wolf rush into the spell formation to bring out my children, but the giant forest wolf was instantly turned into ashes because of the spell formation.
  &quot;Don't bother, you can't take him away unless he can walk out by himself, haha&quot;
  Hearing his words, Isaac and I both frowned at how a newborn baby could possibly walk. At this point I felt great despair.
  Suddenly I felt a wave of energy and Miranda arrived with the great witches of the coven. Miranda stared into my eyes.
  'We will use all our witch power to control the spell formation and Jim, you use the mind link and then control your child, after using the forest giant wolf to cover your wolf, you can enter the spell formation and bring him out safely.'
  With the tacit cooperation of all of us, Jim was controlled limbs, and the spell formation emitted a burst of white light.
  &quot;Quick, Claudia!&quot;
  I instantly unleashed my witchcraft and made the giant forest wolf cover the outside of my wolf form and rushed into the spell formation, at the same time, I saw Isaac rushing towards the controlled Jim.
  Entering the magic formation, the intense burning sensation made me feel painful, I quickly picked up my child, and a second before the giant forest wolf turned into ashes, I quickly used water witchcraft to wrap me and my child, and then managed to save my child before my witch power ran out.
  &quot;Claudia, it's all over!&quot; Isaac clung to me and the child with the smell of blood.
  &quot;Yes, it's over...&quot; I looked at the clear sky, and the child in my arms, and let out a long breath.
